<doc id="21529875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529875" title="Australian Army ship Crusader (AV 2767)">
Australian Army ship Crusader (AV 2767)

"Crusader" (AV2767) was an Australian Army amphibious operations support ship of World War II. She was launched shortly before the war ended and entered service in late 1945. From 1945 to 1947 she was mainly used to return Australian Army equipment from the islands off New Guinea. She was also loaned to the Australian Shipping Control Board in early 1947 and transported earth moving equipment and timber between Melbourne and Tasmania. However, the Army did not need a ship with "Crusader"'s capabilities after the war, and she was sold in 1947 to the Queensland Cement and Lime Company which operated her as a coral barge on the Brisbane River until the mid-1980s. The ship was scuttled in 1986 and subsequently became a popular dive wreck.
Design and construction.
During late 1944 and early 1945 the Australian Army suffered from a shortage of shipping, leading to delays in moving heavy equipment and small watercraft from Australia to operational areas in the South West Pacific. While several British and United States vessels were eventually made available in mid-1945, the Australian Army's chief engineer, Major General Clive Steele, chose to design and build a heavy lift ship for the Army. Steele personally designed the ship, which was intended to support amphibious operations and transport supplies. He deliberately underestimated the project's cost in order to gain approval for the ship's design and construction.
The ship's design incorporated a number of unusual features. "Crusader" had a shallow draft to allow her to operate close to the shore, as well as four rudders and six engines driving six propellers to give her a high degree of manoeuvrability. While the ship required engines capable of generating a total of , the largest engines which were available in Australia at the time each generated only horsepower. Only six of these engines could be fitted into the ship, and she was considered under powered during her Army service. Her hold could carry of stores and an additional 40 vehicles could be embarked on her deck. The ship also had six cranes to move heavy equipment, as well as six bridge-like structures which were used to embark and disembark vehicles. This equipment allowed her to discharge cargo at the rate of at any one time. "Crusader" had a 'box-like' appearance, and her design did not impress naval engineers.
"Crusader" was built by the Melbourne Harbour Trust at Williamstown Dockyard in Williamstown, Victoria. She was the largest all-welded steel vessel to have been constructed in Australia at the time, and her final price of £124,000 was considerably more than Steele's deliberate underestimate. The ship was launched on 8 August 1945 after being named by Steele's wife, and later became the largest ship to be commissioned by the Australian Army during World War II. Construction of a sister ship, to be called AV2768 "Corsair", was also begun, but this ship was cancelled when the war ended.
Service history.
The ship completed her sea trials in late November 1945, and subsequently entered service with the Army's No. 2 Ordnance Craft Park. In February 1946 "Crusader" sailed to Rabaul in New Britain and later Torokina, Bougainville. During these and later voyages she proved successful in her intended role, and returned supplies and equipment from the islands to Australia. She also transported the bodies of 600 Australian servicemen killed during the fighting in the Solomon Islands to Port Moresby for permanent interment in the war cemetery there. Other unusual tasks undertaken by the vessel included transporting 800 native New Guineans from Aitape, Madang, Torokina and Wewak to a dispersal centre located in Rabaul and moving 44 tanks from Torokina to Sydney.
By January 1947 the Army no longer needed a ship with "Crusader"'s capabilities, and she was loaned to the Australian Shipping Control Board. In February that year she transported a load of earth moving equipment from Melbourne to Launceston, and carried a cargo of timber back to Melbourne. She continued to be manned by an Army crew and made several further trips between Tasmania and the mainland, but in April 1947 it was reported that the ship was to be scrapped on the grounds that she was considered unseaworthy. Gil Duthie, the Federal member for Wilmot, sought to have "Crusader" retained in service until the shortage of shipping capable of transporting heavy loads to and from Tasmania was rectified. The Shipping Control Board rejected Duthrie's representations on the grounds that "Crusader" would need extensive alterations before she could be permanently used for commercial trade, and it would take at least a year to complete the necessary works. However, the Board gave a commitment to make other ships available to transport timber from Tasmania. "Crusader" was subsequently offered for sale, and was purchased by the Queensland Cement and Lime Company (QCL). She arrived at Brisbane on 28 September 1947 and was subsequently renamed "Cementco".
QCL used "Cementco" as a self-propelled coral barge. The ship was converted to this role in Brisbane by the firms Evans Deakin, Evans Anderson and Phelan. Modifications included moving the wheel-house from the aft superstructure to about from the bow and extensively altering the cargo holds to carry up to of coral. After these works were completed in July 1948 "The Courier-Mail" reported that they had "made the strangest vessel on the Australian waterfront even stranger". "Cementco"'s stern was later extended so that each member of her crew had their own cabin. 
In her new role the ship carried coral which had been dredged from Moreton Bay by the converted Landing Ship Tank "Coral" (the former HMAS "LST 3022") to QCL's cement factory at Darra in Brisbane. Like the rest of QCL's small fleet, "Cementco" underwent a period of extensive maintenance at the Cairncross dry dock in Brisbane once every three years. During the 1974 Brisbane flood the ship's crew had to fasten "Cementco" to the pylons of the Story Bridge to prevent her from being carried down the Brisbane River.
"Cementco" continued to transport coral until the mid-1980s, when QCL was acquired by the firm Holderbank and another ship was purchased to transport clinker to the company's new factory at Gladstone. She was subsequently laid up at Mary Street Wharf while attempts were made to sell her; during this period she was renamed "Crusader II" to avoid confusion with a new ship named "Cementco". A buyer was not found, and in 1986 "Cementco" was sunk at Flinders Reef off Cape Moreton where she later became a popular dive wreck.

</doc>
<doc id="21529902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529902" title="Ayana Tsubaki">
Ayana Tsubaki

Biography.
Tsubaki entered Aoyama Gakuin University as a male, but left in the second year to work at a transsexual bar in Kabukichō, Tokyo. In July 2006, she underwent sex reassignment surgery in Phuket, Thailand, and in December 2006, officially changed her registered gender from male to female in the "koseki" family registry. She resumed studies at Aoyama Gakuin University from April 2007. She also works as a fashion model for the "Koakuma Ageha" girls' fashion magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21529906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529906" title="Samuel Rhea Gammon III">
Samuel Rhea Gammon III

Samuel Rhea Gammon III (born January 22, 1924) was an American diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Mauritius under the Carter Administration. He also served as the Deputy Of Mission under ambassadors Kenneth Rush (1974–77) in France and Arthur Hartman (1977–81). He later resigned the ambassadorship, and was replaced by Robert C. F. Gordon. On February 15 2012, he endowed a gift of $200,000 to the United States Department of History.

</doc>
<doc id="21529919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529919" title="Echeveria setosa">
Echeveria setosa

Echeveria setosa, the Mexican fire cracker, is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family, native to semi-desert areas of Mexico and common throughout Puebla. 
Description.
"Echeveria setosa" is an evergreen succulent growing to high by wide, with spherical rosettes of fleshy spoon-shaped leaves covered in white hairs. In spring it bears long stalks of red flowers with yellow tips.
Cultivation.
"Echeveria setosa" is cultivated as an ornamental plant. It is grown outside in subtropical climates, such as Southern California. As it requires a minimum temperature of , it must be grown under glass with heat in colder temperate regions. It can be placed outside during the summer months. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="21529952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529952" title="Imposter trevally">
Imposter trevally

The imposter trevally, "Carangoides talamparoides" (also known as the imposter jack or white-tongued trevally) is a species of small coastal marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The imposter trevally is distributed through the tropical waters of Indian and west Pacific oceans, from the Gulf of Oman in the west to Japan and Australia in the east. The species is quite similar to the Malabar trevally, but can be distinguished by its gill raker count, and is identifiable from other species by having a white to pale grey tongue. It is a relatively small species, growing to a maximum recorded length of 30 cm. The imposter trevally inhabits coastal waters of the continental shelf in depths of up to 140 m, often associating with closely related carangid species. It preys on a range of small fish, crustaceans and cephalopods, but little is known of its reproductive biology. The imposter trevally is of minor importance to fisheries throughout its range, taken by hook and line, bottom trawls and several types of artisanal gear.
Taxonomy and naming.
The imposter trevally is classified within the genus "Carangoides", one of a number of groups of fish referred to as jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" is further classified in the family Carangidae, itself part of the suborder Percoidei and the order Perciformes; the perch-like fishes.
The species was first scientifically described by the Dutch ichthyologist Pieter Bleeker in 1852 based on the holotype specimen taken from western Sumatra in Indonesia. Bleeker named this new species "Carangoides talamparoides", with the specific epithet having a slightly ambiguous meaning. "Talam" is a length measurement spanning the length of the thumb to little finger, "par" is Greek for 'equal' and "oides" translates to 'like' - possibly indicating the small size of the holotype. Bleeker's classification is still considered to be correct to this day, with some authors incorrectly reassigning the species to "Caranx", and only one junior synonym has been applied; "Carangoides gibber" by Henry Weed Fowler.
Description.
The imposter trevally is a silver to bluish grey dorsally, becoming silvery white below. A major distinguishing feature is the white to pale grey tongue, with this also seen in the carangid genus "Uraspis" although their different body shapes prevent confusion with "C. talamparoides". The operculum has a small black spot on its upper margin. The soft dorsal and anal fins are dusky in colour, while the caudal fin is dusky yellow with black distal margins.
Distribution and habitat.
The imposter trevally inhabits the tropical waters of the Indian and west Pacific Oceans. Its range extends from the Gulf of Oman through to India and Sri Lanka in the west, with a break in records from Sri Lanka to the Gulf of Thailand. In the west Pacific the imposter trevally inhabits South East Asian waters from the Gulf of Thailand to Sumatra and Borneo. It is distributed east towards the Philippines and Guam, and south to Australia.
The imposter trevally inhabits coastal waters throughout its range, often found over the sandy continental shelf in the waters off North West Australia. Here it is known to form cohabit with "Carangoides coeruleopinnatus" and "Carangoides malabaricus" in waters 30 to 140 m deep.
Biology and fishery.
Only one study has thoroughly recorded the diet of the imposter trevally, which was carried out in Albatross Bay, Australia. It was found teleost fish made up 73% of its diet, cephalopods 16% and a variety of crustaceans including brachyurans and stomatopods the remainder. It is thought that the coexisting "C. coeruleopinnatus" and "C. malabaricus" use diet partitioning to allow this cohabitation. Nothing is known of the species reproduction and growth patterns.
The imposter trevally is of little importance to fisheries throughout its range, occasionally caught using hook and line, bottom trawls and various types of artisinal nets. It is often found in the bycatch of northern Australian prawn trawlers, and usually discarded.

</doc>
<doc id="21529954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529954" title="Life Begins for Andy Panda">
Life Begins for Andy Panda

Life Begins for Andy Panda is a 1939 American short subject cartoon created by Walter Lantz, as the very first Andy Panda film.
Background.
The short capitalized on public interest surrounding the United States' first captive panda, Su Lin, who had been donated to the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago three years earlier and whose arrival created a consumer desire for panda-related products. The film was the first Andy Panda film, introducing Andy as a baby. It was not named after the feature film "Life Begins for Andy Hardy", which was released two years later. The cartoon was titled "Life Begins for Andy Panda" upon its release. 
Papa Panda was voiced by Mel Blanc, Mama Panda by Sara Berner, and Andy Panda by Margaret Hill-Talbot. In Andy Panda's fourth film, "Knock Knock" Walter Lantz's more famous character, Woody Woodpecker, was first introduced
Plot synopsis.
The story begins with Finchell Broadcasting Station telling the news that the panda family had their first baby. All of the forest animals rushed to see the new baby. All the animals were excited to see him and shouted to name the cub. Mama Panda made the decision, to named him Andy. The arrival of a skunk caused them all to run away. 6 months later, Papa Panda was talking with Andy about to appreciate Mother Nature, until Andy looked under a tree with his slingshot and hit an opossum and the opossum stamp on Papa Panda's foot. After Papa opines that Mother Nature has no place to live, Andy starts to cry. While they're talking, they start to leave the forest and enter a barren area. Papa warns Andy about the savage Pygmy hunters that live in the wasteland. Andy runs away from his dad into the wasteland and Papa runs after him and lands in a trap, presumably made by the hunters. The hunters spot Andy and begin to chase him. Finchell announces their plight to the animals and they gather to form a rescue mission. Mr. Whippletree, a turtle, was the first animal to attempt to rescue Andy but he failed because a hunter had his shell. Mama Panda joins the action and fights off some pygmies. A kangaroo successfully put Andy in his pouch but he was distracted by a pygmy while another one slapped the kangaroo's behind with a plank. The skunk, who had six months earlier scared the animals chases the pygmies away and the animals cheer and Andy is rewarded by Papa. Andy wishes that the events would be put in a Newsreel and Papa, about to spank him, instead decides to snuggle Andy. As the cartoon ends, Mr. Whippletree the turtle, is seen chasing the pygmy who took his shell.
Style.
The animation used in this film when the pygmies were climbing out the rock was used again in "Andy Panda Goes Fishing" and again in "100 Pygmies and Andy Panda". The Pygmies' design changed from human-like, having yellow grass skirts and light brown skin to ape-like, having orange grass skirts and have darker skin in later cartoons. The cartoon wasn't seen in US television for a number of years due to concerns with the 1939 film's use of inappropriate stereotyping of Blacks through the pygmy's appearance, but it was seen in countries like Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="21529984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529984" title="Lin-J Shell">
Lin-J Shell

Wagner Lindsell Shell, Jr., more commonly known as Lin-J Shell, (born October 22, 1981 in Orlando, Florida) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He was originally signed by the Orlando Predators as a street free agent in 2004. He played college football at Jacksonville.
Shell has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, New Orleans VooDoo, Toronto Argonauts, and BC Lions.
During the football off season, Shell serves as a substitute high school teacher in Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21529986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529986" title="Olcott Light">
Olcott Light

Olcott Light was built on a pier in Olcott, New York at Eighteen Mile Creek, named for being eighteen miles from the Niagara River at Lake Ontario. The light was no longer needed in the 1930s, and was moved to a local yacht club, where it resided until the early 1960s when it was destroyed. In the summer of 2003, a replica was built from old photographs.
References.
"Olcott Light Rebuilt," Bill Edwards, Lighthouse Digest, April, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21530002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530002" title="David Grant (American football)">
David Grant (American football)

David John Grant (born September 17, 1965 in Belleville, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for six seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="21530015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530015" title="Wilfred Bourque">
Wilfred Bourque

Wilfred Bourque (March 1879 – August 19, 1909), also known as Billy Bourque and William Bourque, was a Canadian racecar driver, born in W. Farnham, Québec. At the time of his racing career, he lived in West Springfield, Massachusetts.
Racing career.
Bourque is known to have started at least 35 automobile races, during the years 1907–1909. He drove primarily for the team operated by Massachusetts-based auto maker, Knox. Most of his known race starts were hill climbs. He did, however, earn 2nd place in each of two road course events, the 1908 Garden City Sweepstakes Race (187.68 miles, held in Long Island, New York), and the 1909 Cobe Trophy Race (395.59 miles, held at the Crown Point Road Race Circuit). On August 19, 1909, Bourque won the third automobile race held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway (a five-mile race). Later that day, he was killed in an accident during the feature Prest-O-Lite Trophy Race. Witnesses said Bourque's fatal crash occurred when he looked back after being notified by his riding mechanic, Harry Holcomb, that another car was approaching. While glacing back, the car swerved, hit a rut, and flipped over. Bourque suffered a fractured skull and punctured lung, and later died in the hospital, making him the first driver to die at Indy.[http://www.indymotorspeedway.com/500d-09.htm] Holcomb also died in the crash.
Sources.
Scott, D. Bruce; "INDY: Racing Before the 500"; Indiana Reflections; 2005; ISBN 0-9766149-0-1.
Galpin, Darren; "A Record of Motorsport Racing Before World War I."

</doc>
<doc id="21530016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530016" title="Josh Taves">
Josh Taves

Josh Heinrich Taves (aka Josh Heinrich; born May 13, 1972, in Watsonville, California) is a former professional American football player.
Biography.
Taves is Jewish.
He was named NFL Europe's 1998 Most Valuable Defensive Player, after he was co-leader in sacks in the league with 9 in 10 games for the Barcelona Dragons.
In the National Football League, he played defensive end for 29 games over three seasons for the Oakland Raiders and the Carolina Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="21530033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530033" title="2008–14 Irish banking crisis">
2008–14 Irish banking crisis

The 2008–14 Irish banking crisis is a crisis in Ireland which led to a number of financial institutions requiring government assistance, and subsequently led to a number of unexpected revelations about the private affairs of some banks.
Build-up to the crisis.
In the 1995–2006 "Celtic Tiger" period of growth, development capital was raised in the interbank market, typically on a three-month basis, but with repayment not expected until two or three years later. Inadequate and/or lax supervision of the Irish banking system had allowed excessive borrowing by the Irish Banks on the corporate and international money markets. Much of the capital invested in Irish banks was from abroad with 80% from the UK, 13% from the US, 5% from off-shore funding and only 2% of the total Irish bank funding came from the euro zone in 2008. Most of this borrowing was re-cycled by the banks into property loans. This, in turn, led to a massive increase in the price of Irish property assets. The freezing-up of the world's interbank market during the financial crisis of 2007–2008 caused two problems for Irish Banks. Firstly, with no new money available to borrow, withdrawal of deposits caused a liquidity problem. In other words, there was no cash available to honour withdrawal requests. A liquidity problem on its own is usually manageable through Central Bank funding. However, the second problem was solvency and this was much more serious. The lack of new money meant no new loans which meant no new property deals. No new property purchases both exposed fragile cash-flows of developers and highlighted the stratospheric valuations. With the value of most of their assets (loans) declining in line with the property market, the liabilities (deposits) of the six Irish domestic banks were now considerably greater than their assets. Insolvency loomed and Irish Banks would need a major cash injections (recapitalisation) to stay open.
State responses.
Government interventions started with a guarantee in late September 2008 that covered liabilities existing from 30 September 2008 or at any time thereafter up to and including 29 September 2010. This guarantee was in respect of all retail and corporate deposits (to the extent not covered by existing deposit protection schemes in the State or any other jurisdiction), interbank deposits, senior unsecured debt, asset covered securities, and dated subordinated debt. On October 20, 2008, the Governing Council of the European Central Bank released their recommendations on government guarantees for bank debt which included the aim of "addressing the funding problems of liquidity-constrained solvent banks". Recapitalisation was carried out at Ireland's two largest banks, Allied Irish Bank (AIB) and Bank of Ireland (BoI), with bailouts of €3.5 billion confirmed for each bank on 11 February 2009. On 15 February 2009 Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny, speaking in County Cork, asked the entire board of the Central Bank of Ireland's Financial Regulation section to resign.
In late 2009 the Credit Institutions (Eligible Liabilities Guarantee) Scheme 2009 came into effect Amidst the crisis, the ruling Fianna Fáil party fell to fourth place in an opinion poll conducted by "The Irish Times", placing behind Fine Gael, Labour and Sinn Féin, putting Labour and Sinn Féin ahead of Fianna Fáil for the first time in Irish history. On the evening of 21 November 2010, the then Taoiseach Brian Cowen confirmed that Ireland had formally requested financial support from the European Union's European Financial Stability Facility and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), a request which was welcomed by the European Central Bank and EU finance ministers.
In November 2011 the Credit Institutions (Eligible Liabilities Guarantee) Scheme was extended by the Fine Gael - Labour coalition government to December 31, 2012, subject to European Union approval of state aid. This scheme guarantees specific issuances of short- and long-term eligible bank liabilities, including on-demand and term deposits, senior unsecured certificates of deposit, senior unsecured commercial paper, senior unsecured bonds and notes and certain other senior unsecured debt whose maturity could range from overnight to five years.
In March 2011, Central Bank Governor, Patrick Honohan described the crisis as "one of the most expensive banking crises in world history". In September 2011 he said that the banks were now financially sound.
Anglo Irish Bank's irregularities.
The December 2008 hidden loans controversy within Anglo Irish Bank led to the resignations of three executives, including chief executive Seán FitzPatrick. A mysterious "Golden Circle" of ten businessmen are being investigated over shares they purchased in Anglo Irish Bank in 2008.
Anglo Irish was nationalised on January 20, 2009, when the Irish government determined that recapitalisation would not be enough to save the bank. Since then it has emerged that Anglo Irish falsified its accounts before it was nationalised, with circular transactions between it and another bank, Permanent TSB, being uncovered. Denis Casey, the chief executive of Irish Life and Permanent, the company that owns Permanent TSB, resigned in the aftermath of this revelation.
Nationalisation.
Emergency legislation to nationalise Anglo Irish Bank was voted through Dáil Éireann and passed through Seanad Éireann without a vote on 20 January 2009. President Mary McAleese then signed the bill at Áras an Uachtaráin the following day, confirming the bank's nationalisation.
Irish Life and Permanent interference.
Following a revelation that Government appointed directors in Anglo Irish Bank and the Financial Regulator were investigating a deposit of billions of euro into the institution, Irish Life and Permanent admitted on 10 February 2009 that it had provided what it called "exceptional support" to Anglo during September 2008. Irish Life and Permanent confirmed it had made the deposit following the introduction of the Government Guarantee Scheme, which was set up to provide each bank under its jurisdiction with a limited supply of credit in the event of a collapse. However this volatility in deposits in Anglo Irish Bank has been stated as one of the reasons why the Government moved to nationalise it. The Financial Regulator has stated that the transactions which took place between the two banks are "unacceptable" and the chief executive of Irish Life and Permanent, Denis Casey, has resigned his position. However, in a press release dated 13 February 2009, the Financial Regulator revealed that "it encouraged Irish banks to work together where necessary so as to continue to use normal inter-bank funding arrangements for liquidity purposes."
Irish Nationwide involvement.
On the evening of 17 February 2009, the Chairman of the building society Irish Nationwide, Dr Michael Walsh, resigned his position.
Resignation of the Financial Regulator.
Following reports of a communication breakdown at the office of the Financial Services Regulatory Authority, the Chief Executive of the Financial Regulator Patrick Neary on 9 January 2009 announced his decision to retire as of 31 January that year. Neary's perceived weakness in dealing with Anglo Irish Bank received heavy criticism, with Green Party Senator Dan Boyle calling for a strengthening of powers within the organisation and saying that confidence in Irish financial services had been eroded by events of the previous six months. Financial observers indicated that a replacement for Neary might have to be sought in the United States or United Kingdom. Following the announcement, reports emerged which indicated that the Financial Regulator may have known of the Anglo loans for eight years prior to their revelation.
Warning signs ignored and suppressed.
The crisis began through a failure by banks, the government, news organisations and the corporate sector to heed signs that the economy was overheating. In June 2005 The Economist mentioned Ireland on a list of countries with recent property price inflation; Ireland's price inflation of 192% in 1997–2005 was the highest on its list. In December 2005 Professor Brian Lucey felt that prices would continue at a "modest but still significant pace".
Morgan Kelly, a professor of economics at University College Dublin, was particularly concerned about the real estate bubble which was reaching its climax in the summer of 2006. He noted that a fifth of Irish workers were in the construction industry and that the average price of a home in Dublin had increased 1200% from 1994 to 2006. He published a news article in the "Irish Times", asserting that Irish real estate prices could possibly fall 40 – 50%. His second article was rejected by the "Irish Independent" and lingered unpublished at "The Sunday Business Post" until the "Irish Times" agreed to run it in September 2007. Kelly predicted the collapse of Irish banks, which had fuelled the rapid rise of real estate by increasingly lowering their lending standards and relying more on 3-month interbank loans than on their deposit base..
Kelly's prognostications caused a minor controversy but mostly went unnoticed until March 2008, when Philip Ingram, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, wrote a scathing report about the real estate bubble, focusing on the three major Irish banks most responsible for the crisis, Anglo Irish, Bank of Ireland, and AIB. Merrill Lynch had major, lucrative underwriting relationships with those banks, and a senior executive at Anglo Irish, Matt Moran, who had registered displeasure with Kelly over his articles, among others, did the same to Merrill. Merrill in turn retracted the report within hours, and fired Ingram by yearend.
From May 2007 the banks' share prices on the Irish stock market declined markedly, and they had halved by May 2008. This had an inevitable effect on their capital adequacy ratios and therefore their ability to lend ever-higher amounts that were necessary to support property prices. In April 2008 Professor Cormac Ó Gráda noted that: "property prices suffering a meltdown likely to last for some years", yet the bulk of new bank lending since 2000 was based on mortgages secured on property.
On 7 May 2008 Brian Lenihan, Jnr was appointed Minister for Finance. Formerly a lawyer and minister, he had no experience of finance, and opponents deplored that he would have to "learn on the job". On 14 May 2008 he remarked that: ".. the risks that we identified in the last Budget have materialised, risks such as recent developments in the international financial markets, further appreciation of the euro against the dollar and sterling, lower international growth and domestically a sharper slowdown in housing". Ignoring the property bubble, he concluded that: ".. we are well placed to absorb the housing adjustments and external ‘shocks’ so that our medium-term prospects will continue to be favourable. Our public finances are sound, with one of the lowest levels of debt in the euro area. Our markets are flexible allowing us to respond efficiently to adverse developments. We have a dynamic and well-educated labour force. We have a pro-business outward looking society. The tax burden on both labour and capital is low. Not many countries anywhere in the world are facing the present global economic difficulties with such advantages."
Recapitalisations of AIB and Bank of Ireland.
Having guaranteed the six main Irish banks in September 2008, the Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan announced on 21 December 2008 that he would seek to recapitalise Ireland's three main banks, Allied Irish Bank (AIB), Bank of Ireland (BoI) and Anglo Irish Bank. Under the plan the Government would take €2 billion in preference shares in each of Bank of Ireland and Allied Irish Bank and €1.5 billion in preference shares in Anglo Irish Bank, giving it a 75% control of the latter.
On 11 February 2009, Lenihan announced the provision of two €3.5 billion bailouts to AIB and BoI as part of his government's recapitalisation scheme. The plan would also see the Minister appoint 25% of the directors at each bank, whilst the banks had agreed to provide a 30% increase in mortgages for first time buyers and a 10% increase in loans to small and medium businesses as well as to hold-off on repossessions of mortgage holders for twelve months after they fall into arrears. The salaries of senior bank executives will be frozen and they will not receive performance bonuses. However, it was found in 2013 that payrates at Irish banks increased between 2008 and 2012. Richard Bruton of the then opposition party Fine Gael, responded by calling the recapitalisation plan a "€7 billion gamble on the wrong horse".
Bank of Ireland chief executive Brian Goggin announced his retirement in January 2009, confessing to RTÉ that his bank has made bad lending decisions. Asked about his expected salary for 2009, Goggin admitted that it would be “less than €2 million”. Goggin had earned approximately €3 million in the year to 31 March 2008. He was replaced as CEO by Richie Boucher whose appointment was announced on 25 February.
EU-IMF "bailout" of November 2010.
At the end of September 2010 the 2008 guarantee covering the six bailed out banks expired. Contrary to popular belief, it was never renewed - what was renewed at the end of the year was the more limited Eligible Liabilities Guarantee. Just before the expiry of the guarantee, the covered banks faced a huge set of bond repayments - a result of most lenders only lending to the covered banks within the period of the original blanket guarantee - which resulted in a rapid and massive resort to ECB financing. By October Irish sovereign bond yields were above 7%, making further market borrowing unrealistic. Although the government initially denied that there were any problems, and cited themselves as "fully funded well into 2011", in November 2010 the government had to seek a €67.5 billion "bailout" from the EU, other European countries (via the European Financial Stability Facility fund and bilateral loans) and the IMF as part of an €85 billion 'programme'. The Irish State assigned €17.5 billion to this 'bailout' an amount that was equal to the Total Discretionary Portfolio of the National Pensions Reserve Fund. The initial interest rates stipulated for the bailout loans were onerous, coming in at around 6% over all the lenders - although these were rapidly adjusted to well below market rates (averaging somewhere around 3% across all lenders). The severity of these initially proposed rates left a lingering shock.
By August 2011 total funding for the six banks by the ECB and the Irish Central Bank came to about €150 billion; the largest of the six, Bank of Ireland, then had a market capitalisation of just €2.86 billion.
In April 2012, it was reported that the Irish government had paid one and a half billion euro to unsecured bank bondholders. An additional €1 billion payment was made in October of the same year.
On 15 December 2013, Ireland successfully exited the bailout programme.

</doc>
<doc id="21530042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530042" title="Spix's red-handed howler">
Spix's red-handed howler

Spix's red-handed howler ("Alouatta discolor") is a vulnerable species of howler monkey native to the southeastern Amazon in Brazil. Major threats include deforestation and hunting. It was previously considered a subspecies of the red-handed howler, but unlike most individuals of that species, the back of the Spix's red-handed howler is yellowish-brown to reddish-brown.
The primary food source of this species is ripe and unripe fruit; it has the highest reliance on this food source of all species in this genus. A variety of species provide fruit year-round, but leaves supplement the sugars of the fruits with protein in their diets. When these food sources are limited, the howlers also supplement their diets with more mature leaves, flowers, woody plant matter, and sometimes fungi to possibly help digest the increased plant matter.

</doc>
<doc id="21530050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530050" title="Rod Saddler">
Rod Saddler

Roderick Saddler (born September 26, 1965 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who played five seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals/Phoenix Cardinals and the Cincinnati Bengals.

</doc>
<doc id="21530055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530055" title="Awards, lectures and medals of the Royal Society">
Awards, lectures and medals of the Royal Society

The Royal Society presents numerous awards, lectures and medals to recognise scientific achievement. The oldest is the Croonian Lecture, created in 1701 at the request of the widow of William Croone, one of the founding members of the Royal Society. The Croonian Lecture is still awarded on an annual basis, and is considered the most important Royal Society prize for the biological sciences. Although the Croonian Lecture was created in 1701, it was first awarded in 1738, seven years after the Copley Medal which is the oldest Royal Society medal still in use and is awarded for "outstanding achievements in research in any branch of science" 

</doc>
<doc id="21530073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530073" title="Tian Shan wapiti">
Tian Shan wapiti

The Tian Shan wapiti or Tian Shan maral ("Cervus canadensis songaricus"), often called the Tian Shan elk by North Americans, is a subspecies of "Cervus canadensis", found in the Tian Shan Mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan, southeastern Kazakhstan, and North Central Xinjiang, China. It is the largest subspecies of Asian elk, both in body size and antlers. There are around 50,000 individuals left in the wild, and they are declining at a rapid rate. There are 4000 or 5000 individuals in deer farms in China.

</doc>
<doc id="21530088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530088" title="Charles Bressey">
Charles Bressey

Sir Charles Herbert Bressey CB, CBE (3 January 1874 – 14 April 1951) was a civil engineer and surveyor who specialised in road design. Bressey was Chief Engineer for Roads at the Ministry of Transport from 1921 to 1938. Between 1935 and 1938 he carried out research on road planning and motorway design in preparation for his "Highway Development Survey, 1937" for Greater London published in 1938. He served as President of the Institution of Chartered Surveyors in 1938-9.
Early life.
Bressey was born in Wanstead, Essex (now in the London Borough of Redbridge), the son of architect John Thomas Bressey and Elizabeth Bressey (née Farrow). He was educated at Forest School, Walthamstow and in France and Germany before starting work in his father's practice in the City of London, becoming a partner in 1896. When his father retired, he succeeded him as surveyor to the Wanstead Urban District and continued the practice.
Bressey married Margeret Francis Hill in 1902 and the couple had two sons.
Later career.
At the start of World War I, Bressey was commissioned into the Royal Engineers and spent time in France and Flanders constructing military roads. In 1916 he became a staff officer in the army's roads directorate, eventually holding the position of Assistant Director of Roads and attaining the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel before he left the army in November 1919. For his war service, he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), and received the Croix de Chevalier of the French Légion d'honneur.
When the Ministry of Transport was created in 1919, Sir Henry Maybury, Director-General of Roads, appointed Bressey as the Divisional Road Engineer for the London area. Bressey became Chief Engineer for Roads in 1921 and succeeded Maybury in 1928 (although Maybury's post was abolished and Bressey retained his existing title of Chief Engineer). In June 1924, Bressey was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). He was appointed a Companion of the Bath (CB) in June 1930.
In January 1935, Bressey was given a knighthood, and, Minister of Transport Leslie Hore-Belisha, appointed him to prepare a report on London's future road transport requirements up to the mid-1960s. Bressey spent three years consulting with experts and interested parties and investigating European plans. He was assisted by architect Sir Edwin Lutyens. The final report, "The Highway Development Survey, 1937" for Greater London, was published on 16 May 1938 and proposed a series of high capacity motorways radiating outwards from the city and made recommendations for a series of circular routes around the capital. Although World War II delayed the implementation of any of Bressey's and Lutyens' recommendations, they subsequently featured in a number of post war reports such as Sir Patrick Abercrombie's "County of London Plan" and the Greater London Council's 1960s London Ringways scheme.
Bressey retired from the Ministry of Transport following the publication of the report. In 1938, he received an honorary doctorate from London University and acted as President of the Institution of Chartered Surveyors (1938–1939). He was a member of several industry bodies including the Royal Town Planning Institute, the Royal Sanitary Institute and Chartered Institute of Transport. 
Bressey died at a nursing home in Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire on 14 April 1951 from a cerebral haemorrhage and arteriosclerosis.

</doc>
<doc id="21530093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530093" title="Liepa">
Liepa

Liepa is the masculine form of a Latvian and Lithuanian family name. The word literally means "linden tree" in both Latvian and Lithuanian. Its feminine forms in Lithuanian are: Liepienė (married woman or widow) and Liepaitė (unmarried woman). It is also common as feminine given name.
The surname may refer to:
Related surnames: Liepiņš

</doc>
<doc id="21530094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530094" title="Bob Clasby">
Bob Clasby

Robert James Clasby (born September 28, 1960) is a former American football defensive lineman who played five seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted in the ninth round (236th overall) by the Seattle Seahawks after playing college football for Notre Dame. He played for five seasons in the NFL for the St. Louis Cardinals/Phoenix Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="21530110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530110" title="Jerry Drake (American football)">
Jerry Drake (American football)

Jerry Drake (born July 9, 1969 in Kingston, New York) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who spent for six seasons with the Arizona Cardinals. His stats can be found when googled. He later went on to become a high school health teacher in Durham, NC.

</doc>
<doc id="21530115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530115" title="Haploa confusa">
Haploa confusa

Haploa confusa is a species of Arctiidae that occurs in North America. The caterpillars feed on a Hound's tongue ("Cynoglossum officinale").
Description.
Adults are have cream-colored forewings with brown markings and almost completely white hindwings.
The caterpillar is black with straight yellow dorsal stripes, sub-dorsal stripes and a broad lateral stripe.

</doc>
<doc id="21530122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530122" title="Beyond Tomorrow (radio series)">
Beyond Tomorrow (radio series)

Beyond Tomorrow (aka Beyond This World) was an American radio drama series developed for CBS in the spring of 1950.
"Beyond Tomorrow" was meant to be CBS's first science fiction radio program. The show was announced in newspapers but it is not known if any episodes were actually broadcast. An audition show and three additional shows were transcribed to disk.

</doc>
<doc id="21530130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530130" title="Märchenbilder (Schumann)">
Märchenbilder (Schumann)

Märchenbilder or Fairy Tale Pictures, for Viola and Piano, Op. 113, was written by Robert Schumann in March 1851. The work is dedicated to the German violinist and conductor Wilhelm Joseph von Wasielewski. It consists of four character pieces and is an original composition featuring the viola from the Romantic period.
Schumann gives us few clues as to what creatures or events are depicted within each movement, except in a section of his journals "hard to find and not translated into English" (note in Rumpelstiltskin, further details below). His 1853 composition "Märchenerzählungen" or "Fairy Tales" for Clarinet, Viola and Piano also leaves the details to the imagination of the performers and the audience.
Information found in Schumann's journals.
The first two movements depict scenes from "Rapunzel". A metronome speed of 84 for the crotchet is specified for the first movement (slower than rendered by most performers without this information).
The third movement depicts scenes from "Rumpelstiltskin", in particular his dancing outside his house with attendant fairies. Accordingly, the metronome speed specified is 120 for the quaver (again, slower than rendered by most performers without this information, on the assumption, mooted on at least one (vinyl) record sleeve, that the movement depicts "a storm at sea").
The fourth movement depicts scenes from "The Sleeping Beauty".
Whether Schumann found it unnecessary to specify metronome speeds for the second and fourth movements is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="21530134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530134" title="Shawn Patterson">
Shawn Patterson

Kenneth Shawn Patterson (born June 13, 1964 in Tempe, Arizona) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end and nose tackle for five seasons for the Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="21530142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530142" title="Marginal efficiency of capital">
Marginal efficiency of capital

The marginal efficiency of capital (MEC) is that rate of discount which would equate the price of a fixed capital asset with its present discounted value of expected income.
The term “marginal efficiency of capital” was introduced by John Maynard Keynes in his "General Theory", and defined as “the rate of discount which would make the present value of the series of annuities given by the returns expected from the capital asset during its life just equal its supply price”.
The MEC is the net rate of return that is expected from the purchase of additional capital. It is calculated as the profit that a firm is expected to earn considering the cost of inputs and the depreciation of capital. 
It is influenced by expectations about future input costs and demand. 
The MEC and capital outlays are the elements that a firm takes into account when deciding about an investment project.
The MEC needs to be higher than the rate of interest for investment to take place. This is because the present value of future returns to capital needs to be higher than the cost of capital.
These conditions can be expressed as follows:
Hence, for investment to take place, the following condition is necessary: PV > Ck, that is MEC > r.
As a consequence, an inverse relationship between the rate of interest and investment is found (i.e.: a higher rate of interest generates fewer investment).

</doc>
<doc id="21530157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530157" title="Don Maclennan">
Don Maclennan

Donald Alasdair Calum Maclennan (9 December 1929 – 9 February 2009) was a South African poet, critic, playwright and English professor.
He published a number of plays, short stories, collections of poems and scholarly works.
Born on 9 December 1929, in London, England, Maclennan came to South Africa as a child in 1938. He was educated at Witwatersrand University and Edinburgh University.
Maclennan's academic career included lecturing at Wits University and the University of Cape Town. He taught in both South Africa and the United States. He began teaching at Rhodes University in 1966, teaching English there for more than 40 years, although he officially retired in 1994. In later years, he continued to teach at the university, giving weekly seminars for another decade.
In his final years, he self-published a number of works of poetry. In his last decade, Maclennan had motor-neuron disease. He suffered a stroke in January 2009, although his mind was not affected by it. He died 9 February 2009, in Port Elizabeth.
Bibliography.
Years link to corresponding "in poetry" article for poetry; for literature, to corresponding "[year in literature" article:

</doc>
<doc id="21530161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530161" title="Asclepiades Pharmacion">
Asclepiades Pharmacion

Asclepiades Pharmacion or Asclepiades Junior (1st-2nd century) was a Greek physician. He must have lived at the end of the 1st or the beginning of the 2nd century, as he quotes Andromachus, Dioscorides, and Scribonius Largus, and is himself quoted by Galen. He derived his surname of "Pharmacion" from his skill and knowledge of pharmacy, on which subject he wrote a work in ten books, five on external remedies, and five on internal. Galen quotes this work very frequently, and generally with approbation.
The encyclopedic arrangement of "De Medicina" by Aulus Cornelius Celsus follows the tripartite division of medicine established by Hippocrates and Asclepiades — diet, pharmacology, and surgery."

</doc>
<doc id="21530165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530165" title="Dexippus of Cos">
Dexippus of Cos

Dexippus of Cos, (also called Dioxippus; 4th century BC), a Greek physician of Cos, who was one of the pupils of the celebrated Hippocrates, and lived in the 4th century BC. Hecatomnus, prince of Caria (385-377 BC), sent for him to cure his sons, Mausolus and Pixodarus, of a dangerous illness, which he undertook to do upon condition that Hecatomnus should cease from waging war against his country. He wrote some medical works, of which nothing but the titles remain. He was blamed by Erasistratus for his excessive severity in restricting the quantity of drink allowed to his patients. He is quoted by Plutarch, and Aulus Gellius, in the controversy that was maintained among some of the ancient physicians as to whether the drink passed down the windpipe or the gullet.

</doc>
<doc id="21530171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530171" title="Eudemus (physician)">
Eudemus (physician)

Eudemus () was the name of several Greek physicians, whom it is difficult to distinguish with certainty:

</doc>
<doc id="21530172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530172" title="Marcellus of Side">
Marcellus of Side

Marcellus of Side (or Marcellus Sidetes; 2nd century) a native of Side in Pamphylia, was born towards the end of the 1st century, and lived during the reigns of Hadrian and Antoninus Pius, 117-161. He wrote a long medical poem in Greek hexameter verse, consisting of forty-two books, which was held in such estimation, that it was ordered by the emperors to be placed in the public libraries at Rome. Of this work only two fragments remain, one Περὶ Λυκανθρώπου, "De Lycanthropia", and the other Ἰατρικὰ περὶ Ἰχθύων, "De Remediis ex Piscibus". Of these the former is preserved (but in prose) by Aëtius. The second fragment consists of about 100 verses.

</doc>
<doc id="21530175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530175" title="Robert C. F. Gordon">
Robert C. F. Gordon

Robert C. F. Gordon was born on March 19, 1920, in Berkeley, California. He was an American diplomat, appointed as U.S. Ambassador to Mauritius. He graduated with a B.A. in 1941 and an M.A. (1949) from the University of California at Berkeley. 
From 1941 to 1946, Gordon was with the Bethlehem Steel Corp., and from 1946 to 1948, he was with Tri-Metals Corp. He joined the U.S. Foreign Service in 1950 and served as a foreign affairs analyst at the U.S. State Department and then as a political officer in Baghdad and Khartoum. 
In 1961 to 1963, he was a personnel officer at the State Department, and he attended the National War College from 1963 to 1964. From then on until 1965, he was Deputy Chief of Mission in Dar es Salaam. 
From 1965 to 1970, Gordon was the counselor for political-military affairs in Rome. He then was special assistant for welfare and grievances at the State Department from 1970 to 1972. From 1972 to 1978, he was the consul general in Florence.
Gordon was appointed by Jimmy Carter to be United States Ambassador to Mauritius in 1980. He would replace Samuel Rhea Gammon III, who resigned. He was coordinator for the handicapped at the State Department from 1978-1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21530176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530176" title="Meges of Sidon">
Meges of Sidon

Meges (; 1st century BC) an eminent surgeon, born at Sidon in Phoenicia, who practised at Rome with great reputation and success, shortly before the time of Celsus, and therefore probably in the 1st century BC. He wrote some works which are highly praised and several times quoted by Celsus, but of which nothing remains. He is, perhaps, the same person who is quoted by Pliny, Galen, and Scribonius Largus. A Greek fragment by Meges is preserved by Oribasius.

</doc>
<doc id="21530177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530177" title="Derrick Ransom">
Derrick Ransom

Derrick Wayne Ransom, Jr. (born September 13, 1976 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for seven seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, the Arizona Cardinals, and the Jacksonville Jaguars.

</doc>
<doc id="21530181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530181" title="Mnesitheus">
Mnesitheus

Mnesitheus (; 4th century BC) of Athens, was a Greek physician, who probably lived in the 4th century BC, as he is quoted by the comic poet Alexis. He belonged to the Dogmatic school of medicine. He enjoyed a great reputation, and was particularly celebrated for his classification of diseases. He wrote a work "On Diet," Περὶ Ἐδεστῶν, or, according to Galen, Περὶ Ἐδεσμάτων, which is several times quoted by Athenaeus. He wrote another work, "On Tippling", in which he recommended this practice. He is frequently mentioned by Galen, and generally in favourable terms; as also by Rufus of Ephesus, Aulus Gellius, Soranus of Ephesus, Pliny, Plutarch, and Oribasius. His tomb was still existing in Attica in the time of Pausanias.
A physician of this name from Cyzicus in Mysia is quoted by Oribasius.

</doc>
<doc id="21530184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530184" title="Palladius (physician)">
Palladius (physician)

Palladius (; c. 6th century) a Greek medical writer, some of whose works are still extant. Nothing is known of the events of his life, but, as he is commonly called "Iatrosophistes", he is supposed to have gained that title by having been a professor of medicine at Alexandria. His date is uncertain; he may lived in the 6th or 7th centuries. All that can be pronounced with certainty is that he quotes Galen, and is himself quoted by Rhazes.
Three of his works are extant:
His Commentaries on Hippocrates are in a great measure abridged from Galen; they appear to have been known to the Arabic writers. They have both of them come down to us imperfect.

</doc>
<doc id="21530194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530194" title="Rashod Swinger">
Rashod Swinger

Rashod Alexander Swinger (born November 27, 1974 in Paterson, New Jersey) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who played three seasons for the Arizona Cardinals.
Swinger attended Manalapan High School in Englishtown, New Jersey and played football for Rutgers University.

</doc>
<doc id="21530206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530206" title="Southern brown howler">
Southern brown howler

The Southern brown howler ("Alouatta guariba clamitans") is a monkey subspecies of brown howler native to coastal Argentina and Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="21530227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530227" title="Zigmars Liepiņš">
Zigmars Liepiņš

Zigmars Liepiņš (born 14 October 1952 in Liepāja, Latvia) is a Latvian composer.

</doc>
<doc id="21530232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530232" title="Mount Akaishi">
Mount Akaishi

, at , is the 7th tallest peak in Japan and the 4th tallest peak in the Akaishi Mountains on the border of Shizuoka and Nagano Prefectures in central Honshū, Japan. The peak is located within the Minami Alps National Park. 
There is a triangulation station on the summit, with a Mountain hut located below, on its southern approach. On the eastern slope is a cirque, with the trace remnants of Japan’s southernmost glacier. At the timberline are stands of Siberian dwarf pine, above which are numerous flowering alpine plants, and the habitat for the Rock Ptarmigan.
The first recorded ascent of Mount Akaishi was by Haruki Nashiba and Masaaki Terasawa of the Japanese Home Ministry in 1879. They were followed in July 1881 by a government survey team, which established the triangulation station. Ascent of the mountain became popular after a road was established to its base in 1886. The first westerner to ascend the mountain was the English missionary and mountaineer, Walter Weston on August 19, 1892. In 1906, Usui Kojima of the Japan Alpine Club devoted the first issue of the club’s magazine, "Sangaku", to Mount Akashi, and Usui pioneered a new route up the mountain in 1909. In the summer of 1926, the 88-year old founder of the Ōkura zaibatsu, Okura Kihachiro, decided that he wanted to visit the highest point of his company’s holdings, and climbed Mount Akaki with the assistance of 200 porters using palanquin. On June 1, 1964, the mountain was included within the Minami Alps National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21530237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530237" title="Sociedat de Lingüistica Aragonesa">
Sociedat de Lingüistica Aragonesa

The Sociedat de Lingüistica Aragonesa - the Society of Aragonese Linguistics (or Sociedad de Lingüística Aragonesa in Spanish) is a society dedicated to the promotion of the Aragonese language.
It was founded in 2004 to provide an alternative to the Consello d'a Fabla Aragonesa (Council of the Aragonese Language). It produced an alternative to the "Huesca orthography" (Grafía Huesca), which is promoted by the Consello but considered to be too artificial by the proponents of the SLA orthography. The SLA spelling is based on spelling conventions common to other Romance languages such as Catalan and Occitan.
The SLA publishes a magazine called "De Lingva Aragonensi" and is currently headed by José Antonio Saura Rami.

</doc>
<doc id="21530244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530244" title="Liepiņš">
Liepiņš

Liepiņš is a Latvian surname. It may refer to one of the following persons.
Related surnames: Liepa

</doc>
<doc id="21530245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530245" title="Tim Morabito">
Tim Morabito

Timothy Robert Morabito (born October 12, 1973 in Garnerville, New York) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for five seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals, Carolina Panthers, and Jacksonville Jaguars.

</doc>
<doc id="21530274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530274" title="My Song Goes Forth">
My Song Goes Forth

My Song Goes Forth (also known as "Africa Sings, Africa Looks Up", U.K., 1937), is the first documentary about South Africa as apartheid was being imposed. The film features singer, actor and civil rights activist Paul Robeson singing the title song and adding a prologue that asks the viewers to interpret the remainder of the film against the producer's intentions.
Alternately entitled "Africa Sings", the initial purpose of the film was as a pro-white supremacy short-subject documentary which serves as an advertisement for the birth of apartheid in South Africa but with a conflicting message in the voice-over. Primarily the documentary has been associated with Robeson and early Anti-Apartheid activism due to his re-editing and rewriting of the films' narration.
Synopsis.
The advanced publicity booklet on the film when it was entitled "Africa Sings", touted it as showing "what the white man achieved for himself" and "what he has done for he natives." "Africa Sings" was one of the first documentary films from South Africa to take a look at the lives of South Africans of all races. There are images of location life, schools and colleges, and a cross-section of occupations, from mine-workers to road-gangs, school-teachers to house- servants, waiters to cane-cutters. Mainstream reviewers gave the documentary a tepid response; the London Daily Worker thought it was too bland to serve a staunch liberationist purpose.
Paul Robeson's rewritten narration and singing.
Hired by the director Joseph Best, Robeson worked carefully to revise the film's prologue and in the final version says,
"Every foot of Africa is now parceled out among the white races. Why has this happened? What has prompted them go there? If you listen to men like Mussolini they will tell you it is to 'civilize' — a divine task, entrusted to the enlightened peoples to carry the torch of light and learning, and to benefit the African people... Africa was opened up by the white man for the benefit of himself — to obtain the wealth it contained." Despite the then radical narration, Best was unable to find an audience for the film, so he reedited the content, carefully not showing poor whites along some of the more prosperous black townships that had been featured in the first cut. He did keep Robeson's narration but removed parts of it to seem less controversial and more mainstream."
Robeson also sings a pro-African liberation song,
"From African jungle, kraal and hut<br>
Where shadows fall on torrid light<br>
My song goes forth and supplicates<br>
In quest of love and right<br>
I seek that star which far or near<br>
Shows all mankind a pathway clear<br>
To do unto his brother<br>
And banish hate and fear"

</doc>
<doc id="21530301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530301" title="Lao PDR Customs">
Lao PDR Customs

Lao Customs is the customs service of Laos, with the responsibility of governing and overseeing the flow of goods, people and vehicles into and out of Laos; operating customs offices; and collecting import and export duty fees. The Department advises businesses and travelers incountry and participates in regional and international customs-related associations and programs.
Organization.
Lao Customs operates regional offices in many towns and cities, including offices located in: Attapeu, Bokeo, Bolikhamsai, Champassack, Huaphanh, Khammuane, Luang Namtha, Luang Prabang, Oudomxay, Phongsaly, Saravanne, Savannnakhet, 
Sekong, Vientiane Municipality, Vientiane Province, Xayaboury, Xaysomboune Special Zone and Xieng Khouang.

</doc>
<doc id="21530311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530311" title="Northern brown howler">
Northern brown howler

The Northern brown howler ("Alouatta guariba guariba") is the type subspecies of the brown howler, native to Brazil. It is listed as critically endangered, with fewer than 250 individuals restricted to vicinity of the Jequitinhonha River.

</doc>
<doc id="21530370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530370" title="T. G. Ravi">
T. G. Ravi

T. G. Ravindranathan, popularly known as T. G. Ravi is a Malayalam film actor, mainly noted for his roles as a villain. He along with Balan K. Nair played most of the negative roles in Malayalam cinema during the late 70s and the 80s.
Biography.
T.G. Ravi was born on 16 May 1944 in an, Ezhuthachan family in Moorkanikkara village, Thrissur, in present day Kerala, India. Initially, he chose to pursue a career in engineering and undertook his degree course through Kerala University in Government Engineering College, Thrissur (with a short stint in Mar Athanasius College of Engineering, Kothamangalam). He graduated in Mechanical Engineering in 1969. Apart from involving in theatre arts, he also represented the University of Kerala in Football and Hockey. He was an artist at The All India Radio where he met Thikkodiyan, who was instrumental in introducing him to the silver screen.
He is a noted industrialist and has been instrumental in developing Thrissur as a major base for the rubber based industries. He is the Managing Director of Suntec Tyres Limited. He has also served as the president of The Cochin Devaswom Board which controls the affairs of over 400 temples in Ernakulam, Thrissur and Palakkad districts.
He was married to (late) Dr. V. K. Subhadra, a retired government servant. He has two children: Ranjith, an alumnus of Indian Institute of Management Calcutta and London Business School and Sreejith Ravi, a Mechanical Engineer from NIT, Surathkal, MBA from ICFAI Business School, Bangalore and an upcoming film actor. Seema & Sajitha are his daughters-in-law. Milit, Rijraswa & Mitul are his grandsons and Minal is his granddaughter.
Career.
Ravi began acting in the plays put up by the young men in his village, Moorkkanikkara, in Thrissur district. He also started acting in professional drama. Radio plays were popular in those days. Thikkodiyan introduced Ravi to Aravindan, a highly acclaimed Malayalam Director, which fetched him his first role in "Utharayanam".
But he didn’t get any offers to act after that, so he produced a film himself, "Padasaram", in which he was, predictably, the hero. It flopped at the box office, but the next two films he produced, "Chora Chuvanna Chora" and "Chakara", did better. The role of Shaji in Chakara opposite Jayan established him as a villain.
Among those who noticed him was director Bharathan. He cast Ravi in the role of "Kunjippalu" in "Parankimala". The villain who spoke in the Thrissur dialect proved to be the turning point in his career. There was no looking back after "Parankimala", as Ravi starred in many hits, including "Ee Nadu", "Iniyenkilum", "Pathamudayam", "1921", "NH 47", and "Pavam Krooran".
He quit acting when he was at his peak, as one of the dreaded villains of Malayalam cinema in the late 1980s. T. G. Ravi is now active again as an actor, after a break. He restarted his career with Sibi Malayil's venture "Amrutham" in 2006 and then made noted performances in "Pakal", "Cycle" and few other movies.
Politics.
T.G.Ravi was the President of All Kerala Ezhuthachan Samajam.
References.
http://en.msidb.org/displayProfile.php?category=actors&artist=TG%20Ravi&limit=106

</doc>
<doc id="21530372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530372" title="Fourth department">
Fourth department

The Fourth Department or fourth department may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21530375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530375" title="Manitoban elk">
Manitoban elk

The Manitoban elk ("Cervus canadensis manitobensis") is a subspecies of elk found in the Midwestern United States and the Canadian Prairie provinces. Compared to the Rocky Mountain elk, it is larger in body size, but has smaller antlers. The subspecies was driven into near extinction by 1900, but has recovered since. 

</doc>
<doc id="21530379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530379" title="Curio (band)">
Curio (band)

Curio was a Japanese pop rock band formed in 1995. They were best known to Western audiences for their song "Kimi ni Fureru Dake de", which was used as the third opening theme for the popular anime "Rurouni Kenshin".
Members.
Nob - Vocals, Saxophone<br>
Kassai - Guitarist<br>
Britain - Drummer, Programming
Former Members.
Aja - Guitarist<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21530387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530387" title="Callerlab">
Callerlab

CALLERLAB is the international association of square dance callers, and is the largest square dance association in the United States. After some initial work started in 1971, it was officially established in 1974 by several members of the Square Dance Hall of Fame.
Callers from all over the world, including Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, and England, are members of the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21530392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530392" title="Juruá red howler">
Juruá red howler

The Juruá red howler ("Alouatta juara") is a species of howler monkey, native to Peru, Brazil, Venezuela and possibly Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="21530417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530417" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1865">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1865

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1865, adopted unanimously January 27, 2009, after recalling resolutions 1739 (2007), 1765 (2007), 1795 (2008), 1826 (2008) and 1842 (2008) on the situation in Côte d'Ivoire and Resolution 1836 concerning Liberia, the Council renewed the mandate of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) until 31 July 2009 and the French forces that support it, while also reducing the missions strength to one battalion and endorsing the adjustment of UNOCI's posture and configuration. 
Details.
The United Nations Security Council endorsed a report by the Secretary-General stating that while UNOCI had created increased stability in Côte d'Ivoire, the fragile and delicate electoral process required the UN force to remain in the country as well as to complete implementation of goals set forth by the March 2007 Ouagadougou Agreement, involving disarmament and identification of the population, in order to allow free elections. Thus the resolution extended UNCOI mandate by six months to 31 July 2009. The force was reduced by a battalion, decreasing the number of UN peacekeepers from 8,115 to 7,450, as well as placing peacekeepers in fewer, but more concentrated, positions, from which sufficient troop numbers could be rapidly deployed as airborne quick-reaction detachments.
While welcoming the signature on 22 December of the fourth Supplementary Agreement to the Ouagadougou Political Agreement of 2007, the Council took note of the delays in the implementation of that accord, urging the parties to make progress in order to create a secure environment for upcoming elections; disarmament and dismantling of militias; the cantonment and disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme; unification and restructuring of defence and security forces; and restoration of State authority throughout the country.

</doc>
<doc id="21530448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530448" title="Indian Summer (Victor Herbert song)">
Indian Summer (Victor Herbert song)

"Indian Summer" is a jazz standard originally written as a piano piece by the prolific composer Victor Herbert. Al Dubin later wrote the lyrics.
Herbert composed the tune in 1919, but it did not become a standard until much later. Sheet music exists for Everett Hoagland and Don Reid versions, dating to 1934 and 1939 respectively, but the provenance of the second of these, at least, is doubtful, as Reid may not even have formed an orchestra until 1944.
Dubin wrote his lyrics for the song in 1939, and in the same year Tommy Dorsey's orchestra had a number one hit with it on the "Billboard" singles chart .
It was also recorded by the Glenn Miller Orchestra on November 5, 1939. The version by Glenn Miller and His Orchestra with vocalist Ray Eberle charted in 1940 for ten weeks, rising to number eight.
Also in 1940, Sidney Bechet recorded one of the first jazz versions of the tune, performing it on soprano sax. Another significant version is Coleman Hawkins' from 1945. Perhaps some of Indian Summer's success as a jazz tune is that it "bears no European mark", being a "thirty-two measure song with the form of A-B-A-C. The melody sings marvelously throughout without a single cliche or let down," as Alex Wilder writes in "American Popular Song", despite admitting that he is generally no fan of Victor Herbert.
"Indian Summer" has been recorded by, among others, the Gene Krupa Orchestra, Ginny Simms, Paul Desmond, Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan, in vocal versions, and in instrumental versions for saxophone, piano, and guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="21530463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530463" title="Model lipid bilayer">
Model lipid bilayer

A model lipid bilayer is any bilayer assembled in vitro, as opposed to the bilayer of natural cell membranes or covering various sub-cellular structures like the nucleus. A model bilayer can be made with either synthetic or natural lipids. The simplest model systems contain only a single pure synthetic lipid. More physiologically relevant model bilayers can be made with mixtures of several synthetic or natural lipids.
There are many different types of model bilayers, each having experimental advantages and disadvantages. The first system developed was the black lipid membrane or “painted” bilayer, which allows simple electrical characterization of bilayers but is short-lived and can be difficult to work with. Supported bilayers are anchored to a solid substrate, increasing stability and allowing the use of characterization tools not possible in bulk solution. These advantages come at the cost of unwanted substrate interactions which can denature membrane proteins.
Black lipid membranes (BLM).
The earliest model bilayer system developed was the “painted” bilayer, also known as a “black lipid membrane.” The term “painted” refers to the process by which these bilayers are made. First, a small aperture is created in a thin layer of a hydrophobic material such as Teflon. Typically the diameter of this hole is a few tens of micrometers up to hundreds of micrometers. To form a BLM, the area around the aperture is first "pre-painted" with a solution of lipids dissolved in a hydrophobic solvent by applying this solution across the aperture with a brush, syringe, or glass applicator. The solvent used must have a very high partition coefficient and must be relatively viscous to prevent immediate rupture. The most common solvent used is a mixture of decane and squalene. After allowing the aperture to dry, salt solution (aqueous phase) is added to both sides of the chamber. The aperture is then "painted" with a lipid solution (generally the same solution that was used for pre-painting). A lipid monolayer spontaneously forms at the interface between the organic and aqueous phases on either side of the lipid/solvent droplet. Because the walls of the aperture are hydrophobic the lipid/solvent solution wets this interface, thinning the droplet in the center. Once the two sides of the droplet come close enough together, the lipid monolayers fuse, rapidly excluding the small remaining volume of solution. At this point a bilayer is formed in the center of the aperture, but a significant annulus of solvent remains at the perimeter. This annulus is required to maintain stability by acting as a bridge between the ~5 nm bilayer and the 10's of micrometer thick sheet in which the aperture is made.
The term “black” bilayer refers to the fact that they are dark in reflected light because the thickness of the membrane is only a few nanometers, so light reflecting off the back face destructively interferes with light reflecting off the front face. Indeed, this was one of the first clues that this technique produced a membrane of molecular-scale thickness. Black lipid membranes are also well suited to electrical characterization because the two chambers separated by the bilayer are both accessible, allowing simple placement of large electrodes. For this reason, electrical characterization is one of the most important methods used in conjunction with painted lipid bilayers. Simple measurements indicate when a bilayer forms and when it breaks, as an intact bilayer has a large resistance (>GΩ) and a large capacitance (~2 µF/cm2). More advanced electrical characterization has been particularly important in the study of voltage gated ion channels. Membrane proteins such as ion channels typically cannot be incorporated directly into the painted bilayer during formation because immersion in an organic solvent would denature the protein. Instead, the protein is solubilized with a detergent and added to the aqueous solution after the bilayer is formed. The detergent coating allows these proteins to spontaneously insert into the bilayer over a period of minutes. Additionally, initial experiments have been performed which combine electrophysiological and structural investigations of black lipid membranes. In another variation of the BLM technique, termed the bilayer punch, a glass pipet (inner diameter ~10-40 µm) is used as the electrode on one side of the bilayer in order to isolate a small patch of membrane. This modification of the patch clamp technique enables low noise recording, even at high potentials (up to 600 mV), at the expense of additional preparation time.
The main problems associated with painted bilayers are residual solvent and limited lifetime. Some researchers believe that pockets of solvent trapped between the two bilayer leaflets can disrupt normal protein function. To overcome this limitation, Montal and Mueller developed a modified deposition technique that eliminates the use of a heavy non-volatile solvent. In this method, the aperture starts out above the water surface, completely separating the two fluid chambers. On the surface of each chamber, a monolayer is formed by applying lipids in a volatile solvent such as chloroform and waiting for the solvent to evaporate. The aperture is then lowered through the air-water interface and the two monolayers from the separate chambers are folded down against each other, forming a bilayer across the aperture. The stability issue has proven more difficult to solve. Typically, a black lipid membrane will survive for less than an hour, precluding long-term experiments. This lifetime can be extended by precisely structuring the supporting aperture, chemically crosslinking the lipids or gelling the surrounding solution to mechanically support the bilayer. Work is ongoing in this area and lifetimes of several hours will become feasible.
Supported lipid bilayers (SLB).
Unlike a vesicle or a cell membrane in which the lipid bilayer is rolled into an enclosed shell, a supported bilayer is a planar structure sitting on a solid support. Because of this, only the upper face of the bilayer is exposed to free solution. This layout has advantages and drawbacks related to the study of lipid bilayers. One of the greatest advantages of the supported bilayer is its stability. SLBs will remain largely intact even when subject to high flow rates or vibration and, unlike black lipid membranes, the presence of holes will not destroy the entire bilayer. Because of this stability, experiments lasting weeks and even months are possible with supported bilayers while BLM experiments are usually limited to hours. Another advantage of the supported bilayer is that, because it is on a flat hard surface, it is amenable to a number of characterization tools which would be impossible or would offer lower resolution if performed on a freely floating sample.
One of the clearest examples of this advantage is the use of mechanical probing techniques which require a direct physical interaction with the sample. Atomic force microscopy (AFM) has been used to image lipid phase separation, formation of transmembrane nanopores followed by single protein molecule adsorption, and protein assembly with sub-nm accuracy without the need for a labeling dye. More recently, AFM has also been used to directly probe the mechanical properties of single bilayers and to perform force spectroscopy on individual membrane proteins. These studies would be difficult or impossible without the use of supported bilayers since the surface of a cell or vesicle is relatively soft and would drift and fluctuate over time. Another example of a physical probe is the use of the quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) to study binding kinetics at the bilayer surface. Dual polarisation interferometry is a high resolution optical tool for characterising the order and disruption in lipid bilayers during interactions or phase transitions providing complementary data to QCM measurements.
Many modern fluorescence microscopy techniques also require a rigidly-supported planar surface. Evanescent field methods such as total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy (TIRF) and surface plasmon resonance (SPR) can offer extremely sensitive measurement of analyte binding and bilayer optical properties but can only function when the sample is supported on specialized optically functional materials. Another class of methods applicable only to supported bilayers is those based on optical interference such as fluorescence interference contrast microscopy (FLIC) and reflection interference contrast microscopy (RICM). When the bilayer is supported on top of a reflective surface, variations in intensity due to destructive interference from this interface can be used to calculate with angstrom accuracy the position of fluorophores within the bilayer. Both evanescent and interference techniques offer sub-wavelength resolution in only one dimension (z, or vertical). In many cases, this resolution is all that is needed. After all, bilayers are very small only in one dimension. Laterally, a bilayer can extend for many micrometres or even millimeters. But certain phenomena like dynamic phase rearrangement do occur in bilayers on a lateral sub-micrometre lengthscale. A promising approach to studying these structures is near field scanning optical microscopy (NSOM). Like AFM, NSOM relies on the scanning of a micromachined tip to give a highly localized signal. But unlike AFM, NSOM uses an optical rather than physical interaction with the sample, potentially perturbing delicate structures to a lesser extent.
Another important capability of supported bilayers is the ability to pattern the surface to produce multiple isolated regions on the same substrate. This phenomenon was first demonstrated using scratches or metallic “corrals” to prevent mixing between adjacent regions while still allowing free diffusion within any one region. Later work extended this concept by integrating microfluidics to demonstrate that stable composition gradients could be formed in bilayers, potentially allowing massively parallel studies of phase segregation, molecular binding and cellular response to artificial lipid membranes. Creative utilization of the corral concept has also allowed studies of the dynamic reorganization of membrane proteins at the synaptic interface.
One of the primary limitations of supported bilayers is the possibility of unwanted interactions with the substrate. Although supported bilayers generally do not directly touch the substrate surface, they are separated by only a very thin water gap. The size and nature of this gap depends on the substrate material and lipid species but is generally about 1 nm for zwitterionic lipids supported on silica, the most common experimental system. Because this layer is so thin there is extensive hydrodynamic coupling between the bilayer and the substrate, resulting in a lower diffusion coefficient in supported bilayers than for free bilayers of the same composition. A certain percentage of the supported bilayer will also be completely immobile, although the exact nature of and reason for these “pinned” sites is still uncertain. For high quality liquid phase supported bilayers the immobile fraction is typically around 1-5%. To quantify the diffusion coefficient and mobile fraction, researchers studying supported bilayers will often report FRAP data.
Unwanted substrate interactions are a much greater problem when incorporating integral membrane proteins, particularly those with large domains sticking out beyond the core of the bilayer. Because the gap between bilayer and substrate is so thin these proteins will often become denatured on the substrate surface and therefore lose all functionality. One approach to circumvent this problem is the use of polymer tethered bilayers. In these systems the bilayer is supported on a loose network of hydrated polymers or hydrogel which acts as a spacer and theoretically prevents denaturing substrate interactions. In practice, some percentage of the proteins will still lose mobility and functionality, probably due to interactions with the polymer/lipid anchors. Research in this area is ongoing.
Tethered bilayer lipid membranes (t-BLM).
The use of a tethered bilayer lipid membrane (t-BLM) further increases the stability of supported membranes by chemically anchoring the lipids to the solid substrate.Gold can be used as a substrate because of its inert chemistry and thiolipids for covalent binding to the gold. Thiolipids are composed of lipid derivatives, extended at their polar head-groups by hydrophilic spacers which terminate in a thiol or disulphide group that forms a covalent bond with gold, forming self assembled monolayers (SAM).
The limitation of the intra-membrane mobility of supported lipid bilayers can be overcome by introducing half-membrane spanning tether lipids with benzyl disulphide (DPL) and synthetic archaea analogue full membrane spanning lipids with phytanoly chains to stabilize the structure and polyethyleneglycol units as a hydrophilic spacer. Bilayer formation is achieved by exposure of the lipid coated gold substrate to outer layer lipids either in an ethanol solution or in liposomes.
The advantage of this approach is that the because of the hydrophilic space of around 4 nm, the interaction with the substrate is minimal and the extra space allows the introduction of protein ion channels into the bilayer. Additionally the spacer layer creates an ionic reservoir that readily enables ac electrical impedance measurement across the bilayer.
Vesicles.
A vesicle is a lipid bilayer rolled up into a spherical shell, enclosing a small amount of water and separating it from the water outside the vesicle. Because of this fundamental similarity to the cell membrane, vesicles have been used extensively to study the properties of lipid bilayers. Another reason vesicles have been used so frequently is that they are relatively easy to make. If a sample of dehydrated lipid is exposed to water it will spontaneously form vesicles. These initial vesicles are typically multilamellar (many-walled) and are of a wide range of sizes from tens of nanometers to several micrometres. Methods such as sonication or extrusion through a membrane are needed to break these initial vesicles into smaller, single-walled vesicles of uniform diameter known as small unilamellar vesicles (SUVs). SUVs typically have diameters between 50 and 200 nm. Alternatively, rather than synthesizing vesicles it is possible to simply isolate them from cell cultures or tissue samples. Vesicles are used to transport lipids, proteins and many other molecules within the cell as well as into or out of the cell. These naturally isolated vesicles are composed of a complex mixture of different lipids and proteins so, although they offer greater realism for studying specific biological phenomena, simple artificial vesicles are preferred for studies of fundamental lipid properties.
Since artificial SUVs can be made in large quantities they are suitable for bulk material studies such as x-ray diffraction to determine lattice spacing and differential scanning calorimetry to determine phase transitions. Dual polarisation interferometry can measure unilamelar and multilamelar structures and insertion into and disruption of the vesicles in a label free assay format. Vesicles can also be labeled with fluorescent dyes to allow sensitive FRET-based fusion assays. In spite of this fluorescent labeling it is often difficult to perform detailed imaging on SUVs simply because they are so small. To combat this problem researchers have developed the giant unilamellar vesicle (GUV). GUVs are large enough (several tens of micrometres) to study with traditional fluorescence microscopy. Many of the studies of lipid rafts in artificial lipid systems have been performed with GUVs for this reason. Compared to supported bilayers, GUVs present a more “natural” environment since there is no nearby solid surface to induce defects or denature proteins. However, GUVs are relatively fragile, time consuming to make and can only be produced in limited yield compared to SUVs.
To circumvent these problems a microfluidic assembly line approach to GUVs was reported.
Micelles, bicelles and nanodiscs.
Detergent micelles are another class of model membranes that are commonly used to purify and study membrane proteins, although they lack a lipid bilayer. In aqueous solutions, micelles are assemblies of amphipathic molecules with their hydrophilic heads exposed to solvent and their hydrophobic tails in the center. Micelles can solubilize membrane proteins by partially encapsulating them and shielding their hydrophobic surfaces from solvent.
Bicelles are a related class of model membrane, typically made of two lipids, one of which forms a lipid bilayer while the other forms an amphipathic, micelle-like assembly shielding the bilayer center from surrounding solvent molecules. Bicelles can be thought of as a segment of bilayer encapsulated and solubilized by a micelle. Bicelles are much smaller than liposomes, and so can be used in experiments such as NMR spectroscopy where the larger vesicles are not an option.
Nanodiscs consist of a segment of bilayer encapsulated by an amphipathic protein coat, rather than a lipid or detergent layer. Nanodiscs are more stable than bicelles and micelles at low concentrations, and are very well-defined in size (depending on the type of protein coat, between 10 and 20 nm). Membrane proteins incorporated into and solubilized by Nanodiscs can be studied by a wide variety of biophysical techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="21530464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530464" title="Giles Mutsekwa">
Giles Mutsekwa

Giles Mutsekwa (born 14 September 1948) is a Zimbabwean politician. He was appointed to the unity government as one of two co-ministers of Home Affairs by Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai in February 2009 and sworn into office on February 13. He concurrently served as secretary for Security and Intelligence of the MDC-T, and served as MP for Mutare North from 2000 to 2008. In 2010, he was reassigned and became Minister for Housing.
Background.
Earlier in his political career, he was a member of Zimbabwe Unity Movement and the Manicaland Provincial Chairman. He also joined The Democratic Party and was the founder member and National Chairman. He is also a trained soldier with various military awards, which include General Service Medal – Bronze Cross of Zimbabwe. He has held several posts in the army including the post of Officer CADET (UK) 1978-1979 and in 1983 he was promoted to the rank of Captain. He also participated in the Military campaigns of Mozambique between 1982-86.

</doc>
<doc id="21530474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530474" title="Lexus LS (XF40)">
Lexus LS (XF40)

The Lexus LS (XF40) is the fourth generation of the Lexus LS line of flagship sedans. Lexus debuted the model line at the 2006 North American International Auto Show, with variants including the standard wheelbase LS 460 (USF40) and long wheelbase LS 460 L (USF41); the chassis codes (USF40/USF41) are derived from the fourth generation XF40 platform code and "UR" series engine designation. In development from 2001, the final design was selected for the V8 models in late 2003, with the hybrid variant's design finalized in 2004. Introduced at the 2006 New York International Auto Show, all-wheel drive hybrid models, the standard wheelbase LS 600h (UVF45) and long wheelbase LS 600h L (UVF46), joined the lineup in the 2008 model year. The LS 460 and LS 460 L models feature a 4.6 L "UR" series V8 and an 8-speed automatic transmission, while hybrid models are powered by a 5.0 L "UR" series V8 engine equipped with electric motors, with a continuously variable transmission and all-wheel drive. All-wheel drive versions of the non-hybrid LS 460 (USF45) and LS 460 L (USF46) models were introduced at the 2008 Moscow International Motor Show. The XF40 received updates for the 2010 and 2013 model years.
Since its introduction, multiple fourth generation Lexus LS models have been sold worldwide, including standard, long wheelbase, hybrid, and all-wheel-drive versions. At its introduction, the LS 600h L became the most expensive sedan produced in Japan, with a sticker price of approximately US$125,000.
__TOC__
Design and engineering.
Exterior.
The fourth generation Lexus flagship was the first LS to receive the styling cues of Lexus' new design direction, L-finesse. The design features body forms running the length of the car, with wheel arches, arrow-shaped chrome trim, a grille set slightly below the level of the headlamps, and a fastback rear decklid. Compared to the previous generation LS, the forward and aft coefficient of lift was reduced to 0.02 and 0.01, respectively, while aerodynamic drag remained the same ("C""d" 0.26). Exterior-wise, the LS 460 L has a similar profile as the LS 460, with identical overhangs in both front and rear; the rear passenger doors are noticeably longer in the stretched model. Design patents for the vehicle's exterior design, including front and rear fascias, side windows, and lights, were filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on October 3, 2005.
Additional details of the design include adaptive headlamps housed in hand polished surrounds designed to look like Baccarat crystal tumblers, chrome exhaust vents integrated into the rear bumper, and "L"/"S" curve shapes. The fenders are produced using a 5200-ton press, which when introduced made it the world's strongest stamping press. The model's new paint finish is applied to bare-metal body panels which are first prepared by a six-axis buffing robot with 3D movements, the entire paint finish is wet-sanded twice by hand between layers of paint application. Both front and rear window frames are each constructed from a single die-cast zinc piece, plated in chrome and then polished by hand.
Interior.
Interior features include a 19-speaker Mark Levinson Reference Surround Sound System, Gracenote, and a 30 GB HDD with room for 2,000 songs. The fifth generation HDD-based Lexus navigation system features XM NavTraffic, a real-time traffic monitoring system with dynamic rerouting (in the U.S., and similar systems elsewhere). Keyless SmartAccess with push-button start, Optitron instrument panel with TFT multi-information display, auxiliary MP3 player input, and a 5-position tire pressure display are standard equipment. A 24-hour concierge/emergency aid service, Lexus Link (later Lexus Enform), was offered in North America, with the analogous G-Link system offered in Japan. Japanese market LS sedans also feature MiniDisc compatibility, television reception, onboard security surveillance cameras, and remote cellphone access.
Comfort and convenience features range from a 16-way adjustable heated and cooled driver seat to a rear cabin with power reclining memory seats, a cool box, and five powered sunshades. Certain versions of the LS can be equipped with climate control features such as first automobile ceiling air diffusers, air purifiers, air ionisers, and four-zone climate control with infrared body temperature sensors. The leather on the seats and steering wheel are made smoother than previous models, due to being buffed longer in production, the steering wheel is buffed for three hours and incorporates a whip stitching pattern. Upgraded materials (such as a headliner made out of ecsaine, a suede-like material used by couturier Yves Saint-Laurent) are offered for the interior. Inside the wood veneer trim has been laminated to aluminum instead of fiberglass by Yamaha's piano craftsmen. A special-order "Executive" seating package on long wheelbase models includes a rear seat DVD entertainment system with ceiling fold-down LCD screen, fixed center console with a swivel tray table, and a passenger-side shiatsu and shoulder massaging ottoman seat.
Driver-assist systems.
The Intelligent Parking Assist System feature (also called Advanced Parking Guidance System) can parallel-park or reverse-park the LS into a preselected space with minimal brake input at the push of a button. This feature utilizes the backup camera and parking sensors. Other drive-assist features include Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, which can accelerate and brake while monitoring traffic (similar to Mercedes-Benz's Distronic Plus), a Brake Hold button, which prevents creeping forward motion when the driver's foot is off the brake pedal, and the Automatic Parking Brake, which can engage the parking brake simultaneously whenever the transmission is shifted to Park.
The Lane Keeping Assist (not available on the LS 600h due to conflict with LED headlamps) feature includes the Lane Departure Warning (LDW) and Lane Keep (LK) systems. When activated, the LDW system will issue an audiovisual warning and LK will apply a brief corrective steering response when veering motion is detected. The LK system (activated when the radar cruise control is engaged) will actively provide continued steering assist.
Safety systems.
Debuted on the fourth generation Lexus LS, the next-generation Pre-Crash System (Pre-Collision in the U.S.) offers forward and rear protection. The Frontal Pre-Crash system will activate a warning buzzer and red dash lights to alert the driver if a potential hazard is detected in the vehicle's path. If the system detects a potential collision, the system will adjust steering and braking responsiveness. If a collision is determined to be unavoidable, the seatbelt pretensioners will activate, and the brakes will automatically engage to slow the vehicle. The Rear Pre-Crash system, the first active rear collision safety feature in an automobile, utilizes trunk-mounted obstacle detection and warning systems; if a rear collision is deemed unavoidable, sensor-equipped Pre-Crash Intelligent Headrests in the front seats will adjust position upwards up to and forwards up to to cradle the head during impact, reducing whiplash. The rear Pre-Crash system in the U.S. market waited for FCC regulatory approval. For 2010, the LS hybrid further incorporated an all-TFT instrument panel display, which featured the addition of a night vision capability with pedestrian detection.
A new active safety feature called the Driver Monitoring System debuted on the LS 600h L sedan. The Driver Monitoring System uses a CCD camera placed on the steering column to track driver attentiveness by eye tracking. Using infrared LED detectors, this system will respond if a collision is imminent and the driver not paying attention (a warning alarm will sound followed by a brief automatic application of the braking system).
Standard active safety features also include electronically controlled braking (ECB), anti-lock brakes (ABS), and traction control (TRAC). The stability/traction control system, Vehicle Dynamics Integrated Management (VDIM) (with disable button), incorporates ECB, electric brake force distribution; related systems include Vehicle Stability Control, Adaptive Variable Suspension, and the Variable Gear Ratio Steering systems. VDIM integrates these systems to improve vehicle responsiveness to driver input and prevent loss of control. An Emergency Steering Assist system acts to minimize body roll and improve vehicle responsiveness in sudden maneuvers. This system reduces the steering gear ratio and prompts the suspension to adopt stiffer settings, helping make emergency maneuvers more stable and controlled. Passive safety features include eight to ten standard airbags (depending on model, up to eleven with upgraded rear seats), passenger detection systems, front and rear crumple zones, three-point seatbelts with pretensioners and force limiters, and a reinforced steel body. Dual-stage driver and twin-chambered front passenger airbags, front knee airbags, full-length side curtain airbags, and Thorax-Abdomen-Pelvis (TAP) airbags are also installed.
2009 updates.
The 2009 (2010 model year) refresh added redesigned forward and rear fascias, updated interior, an active Eco Mode energy-saving capability, and redesigned chassis and drivetrain components to the non-hybrid models. The interior received additional chrome trim for the center console, an optional DVD entertainment system behind the center armrest (versus the ceiling drop-down version available before), and in certain markets, an all-digital instrument panel with night vision capability. The "Executive" seating option gained a five-seat configuration, and vibrating massage for both outboard rear seats was introduced. The exterior paint gained a self-repairing clear coat.
Introduced in 2009 for the 2010 model year was the LS 460 Sport, a performance package available only on the rear-wheel drive standard wheelbase model, equipped with a sport-tuned air suspension, Brembo brakes, forged wheels, paddle shifters, body kit, and a unique two-tone interior. The LS 460 Sport featured the Sport Direct Shift transmission, also found in the Lexus IS F, with downshift rev-matching capability and manual mode.
Also debuting in late 2009 for the 2010 model year was the revised LS hybrids, including refreshed front and rear fascias, a four-bar grille, the addition of side mirror turn signals, and new wheel designs.
The 2010 models also were the introductory year for the LS hybrid in the Middle East and Indonesia. For the Japanese market, the 2010 models saw the introduction of an interior customization program called "L-Select", which allowed owners to have hybrid and non-hybrid LS models built to their material trim specifications.
2012 updates.
Lexus released an official photograph of its restyled XF40 series in July 2012 which will be released for the 2013 model year. The substantial update incorporates the new Lexus corporate fascia, comprising the "spindle" grill and consequently sees the fitment of a redesigned hood, reshaped front fenders and headlamps, plus a new bumper. These styling revisions see the retention of the side profile and doors, including rear fenders. Thus, the newly designed tail-lamps, trunk lid, and rear bumper are only partially modified. The sport package, still only offered on the standard wheelbase variant but now including all-wheel drive as well as rear-wheel drive, is now known as the F-Sport.
Reportedly, the refresh involved 1000 engineers and replaced 3000 out of 6000 new parts.
Variants.
USF40 / USF41 (2006).
Introduced at the 2006 North American International Auto Show, the redesigned LS was based on the LF-Sh concept vehicle and used an all-new platform. The initial models, the LS 460 (USF40) and long wheelbase LS 460 L (USF41), featured a brand-new 4.6 L "1UR-FSE" V8 producing 380 hp (283 kW) and 367 ft·lbf (498 N•m) of torque. The LS 460 introduced the first production eight-speed automatic transmission and an automatic parking system.
The LS 460 and LS 460 L first went on sale in Japan on September 19, 2006. It was the first time the car was sold under the Lexus marque in Japan, and identified the next phase of Lexus' launch as a global premium brand. The LS 460 and LS 460 L arrived at dealerships in the United States on October 20, 2006. Sales of the LS 460 began in Europe in late 2006. In early 2007, the redesigned Lexus LS reached the Middle East and other Asian countries. The LS 460 arrived in Australia in mid-2007. The U.S. launch of the 2007 Lexus LS model was accompanied by special presentations at "460 Degrees" art galleries in Beverly Hills, Chicago, Miami, and New York City, and an outdoor vehicle art display at the World Financial Center in downtown Manhattan.
The previous double-wishbone front suspension was replaced with a dual joint multilink design, with an all-electric system. To increase rigidity and lower unsprung weight, forged aluminum is now used for the suspension links, front steering knuckles, and rear hub carriers. along with a single-piece hollow die-cast aluminum front subframe with machined mounting points, and approximately half of the body uses high-tensile steel. Overall the amount of laser welding has been doubled compared to the previous model.
The LS 460 L, the debut vehicle of the LS line at the 2006 North American International Auto Show, sports an added 4.8 inches (121.9 mm) of length, affording passengers a more capacious rear compartment, and adds more features. Standard amenities on the LS 460 L (some optional on the LS 460) include a power open/close trunk, heated steering wheel, backup camera, navigation system, XM NavTraffic in the U.S., Bluetooth, semi-aniline leather interior, and heated/cooled power memory rear seats. The LS 460 L offers the Variable Gear Ratio Steering (VGRS) and the Adaptive Variable Air Suspension performance upgrades; the air suspension features normal, comfort, and sport modes. Compared to the standard wheelbase LS 460, the LS 460 L adds up to of weight while still matching the 0– acceleration of its lighter stablemate, listed at 5.4 seconds. The "Executive Class Four-Seat Package" with massaging rear seat is an option for chauffeured customers.
UVF45 / UVF46 (2007).
Launched at the New York International Auto Show in April 2006, the LS 600h L (UVF46) is the first production V8-powered full-hybrid vehicle. The LS 600h (UVF45), a standard wheelbase version destined for Asia and Europe, was launched in Japan in May 2007. Both models are equipped with Lexus Hybrid Drive, featuring a 5.0 L "2UR-FSE" V8 engine mated to two electric motors with nickel-metal hydride battery packs. The first motor has two primary functions, starting the gasoline engine and charging both the second motor and the nickel-metal hydride battery; the second motor is a high-output generator capable of alone. The entire system generates an official output of . This total figure does not combine the V8 engine and the electric motor standalone power figures. The powertrain uses a two-stage "L110F" continuously variable transmission, featuring a three-mode power switch for control of torque output between hybrid (normal), power, or snow modes; an additional EV mode allows for silent driving under full electric power.
According to tests by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and on the European combined cycle, fuel economy is slightly higher overall than the lower-powered non-hybrid LS; the LS 600h L also receives a U.S. Super Ultra Low Emission Vehicle (SULEV) rating. European emissions standards testing has listed the LS 600h L's CO2 emissions at 219g/km, and the vehicle is listed under the United Kingdom's Vehicle Excise Duty tax band F. According to EPA testing, the LS 600h L earns an energy impact score of 16.3 barrels of petroleum gasoline per year, with a carbon footprint of 8.7 tons of CO2 emitted per year.
Aiming to compete with top-specification versions of rival luxury sedans, designers billed the LS hybrids as having "the performance of a V12, but the efficiencies of a V8", opting for the hybrid approach to meet performance, fuel efficiency, and emission targets. The LS 600h L, based on the long-wheelbase LS 460 L introduced with the new LS 460 platform, aimed to compete with the Audi A8L W12, BMW 760Li, and Mercedes-Benz V12 S-Class (e.g. S600) models, whose prices approach or exceed US$120,000. This market featured separate engineering and engine designs for added power, with the most common powerplant being a 12-cylinder engine. Designers visited Beverly Hills and South Florida as part of the LS hybrid development process. To reduce noise, vibration, and harshness, the transmission gear teeth and engagement points were finished to within micrometres, a sound-absorbing cover was employed, and acoustic analysis was performed to evaluate noise emissions.
Standard equipment on the LS hybrids includes all-wheel drive, a Torsen limited-slip differential, and an Adaptive Variable Air Suspension, plus an optional Active Stabilizer Suspension System (an upgrade to the standard multi-link front suspension expressly developed for the LS hybrids). Hybrid-only features include the first production low beam LED headlights in the U.S. market, a leather-trimmed dash, and blue-tinted badging; the standard SmartAccess key fob can also be substituted with a thick wallet-sized "smart card". After its press debut, the LS 600h L's price was speculated to be higher than any previous Lexus, and in April 2007, Lexus announced that the base price for the LS 600h L would be over US$104,000, surpassing the V12-equipped Toyota Century as the most expensive Japanese flagship sedan ever produced. With a price reaching six figures, the LS 600h L placed a Lexus vehicle in the U.S. "ultra-luxury" segment for the first time.
By March 2007, the initial allocation of LS hybrids in the U.S. was nearly sold out, with 1,850 preorders placed months before debut. As of October, 2007, Lexus sold 6,093 LS 600h's worldwide. When the LS hybrid originally went on sale in July 2007, Lexus initially targeted 7,000 total units worldwide for the first year, and 2,000 annually in other markets. "Ward's Auto" and other media outlets reported that the Lexus LS 600h first year's (2007) allocation was entirely sold out and that there was a one-year backorder as a result. Positioned as the halo vehicles of the LS line, the LS 600h and LS 600h L saw corporate purchases for emissions reductions, along with use as an official state car. In 2008, a redesign of the rear battery area increased trunk space by 20%.
USF45 / USF46 (2008).
All-wheel drive, specifically the LS 460 AWD (USF45) and LS 460 L AWD (USF46), was added to non-hybrid models for in 2008 for the 2009 model year with the addition of front passenger memory function.
Limited editions.
Neiman Marcus.
Specialty department store Neiman Marcus offered 100 individually numbered LS 600h L "Launch Edition" sedans for early 2007, available only through the Neiman Marcus catalog for InCircle members. These special models came in an exclusive Truffle Mica color with Alabaster interior, with chrome wheels and a customized Italian leather luggage set. The limited units were symbolically chosen to coincide with Neiman Marcus' centennial anniversary.
Pebble Beach.
For the 2009 model year, the LS 600h L was produced in a 50-unit "Pebble Beach Edition" in partnership with the Pebble Beach Company, operator of the namesake golf courses and resorts. These vehicles featured Pebble Beach badging and tags, a two-tone interior, and the choice of a travel or merchandise package. The special edition was first shown at the 2008 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance.
Salone del Mobile.
The 2006 Salone del Mobile (Milan Design Week) exhibition at the Museo della Permanente in Milan, Italy, featured an LS 460 art model with a sculpted body along with a fiber-optic "Evolving Fiber" landscape. At 2007's Salone del Mobile, Lexus presented an "Invisible Garden" exhibition at the city's Zona Tortona featuring a frosted LS 600h hybrid model. The model was later shown at the Salon International de l'Auto (Geneva Motor Show).
LS 600h L Landaulet.
In 2011, an LS 600h L was converted to landaulet configuration for use in the Wedding of Albert II, Prince of Monaco, and Charlene Wittstock. The conversion was handled by Belgian coachmaker Carat Duchatelet in collaboration with Lexus. The LS 600h L Landaulet's rear cabin featured a transparent bubble roof with no additional reinforcement, and the vehicle received a bespoke, water-based blue livery. The vehicle was used to transport the royal couple on the day of their wedding, and afterwards put on display at the Oceanographic Museum.
Concept models.
LF-Sh.
The Lexus LF-Sh concept previewed the appearance of the fourth generation USF40/USF41 design of the Lexus LS. This concept vehicle debuted at the 2005 Tokyo Motor Show. The designation refers to "Lexus Future-Sedan hybrid", and the vehicle took the form of a hybrid standard wheelbase sedan model with all-wheel drive, LED headlamps, and integrated exhaust tips. No interior was shown. Lexus subsequently debuted a production hybrid powertrain and all-wheel drive with the LS 600h/LS 600h L.
Driving simulator.
A specialized Lexus LS 460 is used in a warehouse-sized driving simulator at Toyota's Higashifuji Technical Center in Shizuoka, Japan. This vehicle is mounted inside a high dome, and surrounded by a 360° projector screen. This setup is used to simulate the audiovisual and vibration aspects of driving.
Simulator data is directly transmitted to a strut/track-mounted driver occupant dome containing the forward cabin of an LS 460, creating the impression of forward movement in a three-dimensional environment. The occupant dome further simulates vehicle motion. The driving simulator is used for testing and development of automotive safety features in a secure environment.
LS 460 ITS-Safety.
For the Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS-Safety) 2010 exhibition at the Miraikan museum in Tokyo, the LS 460 ITS-Safety concept was shown. The ITS-Safety concept included road-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-vehicle information-exchange technologies. The LS 460 ITS-Safety concept was equipped with radar cruise control and automatic parking driver-assist systems.
LS TMG.
In September 2011, photos were taken of a heavily modified LS, later revealed to be the LS TMG (Toyota Motorsport GmbH) prototype spotted on the Nürburgring. Aside from a redesigned aero package, the LS TMG contains a 5.0-liter V8 engine that produces 641 hp and 524 pound-feet of torque, giving the car a top speed around 200 mph and 4.2 second 0–60 time.
Specifications.
Different models based on the standard (USF40) and long wheelbase (USF41) platforms are sold worldwide. From 2007, rear-wheel drive is offered with the 4.6 L gasoline powered V8, and all-wheel drive is featured with the 5.0 L hybrid V8. Some markets receive a modified 4.6 L V8 engine without direct injection. The standard (UVF45) and long wheelbase (UVF46) hybrid models feature a two-stage planetary-gear continuously variable transmission (CVT).
The LS 600h L is sold in major global markets in North America, Asia, and Europe, while the LS 600h is sold in Asian and European markets.
Awards.
At the 2007 New York International Auto Show, the LS 460 received the World Car of the Year award, selected by automotive journalists from twenty-two countries. The panel commented that the LS was “the embodiment of the Lexus brand’s 'pursuit of perfection.'" Other awards include International Car of the Year (2007 ICOTY), Japan Car of the Year (2006–2007 JCOTY), and the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) 2007 "Best Engineered Vehicle" award. In 2007, the LS 460 was named Luxury Car of the Year at the North American International Auto Show and was selected as the Best Luxury Car at the "Fleet World" Honours. Notable awards won by the LS 600h include "Top Gear's" Limo of the Year (2006), "Fleet World" Honours' Best Luxury Car (2007, 2008), World's Most Beautiful Automobile (Limousine category), L’Automobile più Bella del Mondo awards (2007), Japanesque Modern Awards List, "MotorWeek" Best Dream Machine (2008), and "Chauffeur" Car of the Year (2008). The LS 600h L has also received the Canadian Automobile Association's CAA Pyramid Award for Safety Innovation, and has been named to "Forbes"' list of the Top Ten Least-Polluting Luxury Cars.

</doc>
<doc id="21530498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530498" title="Merriam's elk">
Merriam's elk

The Merriam's Elk ("Cervus canadensis merriami") is an extinct subspecies of elk once found in the arid lands of the southwestern United States, predominantly Arizona. Since the arrival of the Europeans uncontrolled hunting and cattle grazing had driven the subspecies into extinction over a century ago, with the exact presumed date being 1906. Another subspecies of elk, "Eastern Elk" (""Cervus Canadensis Canadensis"") also went extinct at roughly the same time. Not much else is known about this subspecies as it became extinct before studies were done. Elk from Yellowstone National Park were introduced to this area in 1913, and are reasonably common in the area today.

</doc>
<doc id="21530552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530552" title="Boronia molloyae">
Boronia molloyae

Boronia molloyae (commonly called the Tall Boronia) is a shrub in the "Boronia" genus that grows in sandy soils in South West coastal regions of Western Australia. It is a slender shrub with springtime red-pink flowers commonly found along creeks, streams and swamps. It grows to about 3 metres.
James Drummond proposed the name "Boronia molloyi" in 1842, however this was overlooked and it was named "B. elatior" in 1844 by Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling and as "B. semifertilis" in 1861 by Ferdinand von Mueller. In the 1970s "B. elatior" was renamed to its current name, adjusted with the feminine latinate suffix. It is the only plant named after botanical collector Georgiana Molloy.

</doc>
<doc id="21530557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530557" title="Killer Elite (album)">
Killer Elite (album)

Killer Elite is a 1985 album released by the British heavy metal band Avenger. It was released by Neat Records.
Track list.
The following is the track list for "Killer Elite":

</doc>
<doc id="21530567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530567" title="With Roots Above and Branches Below">
With Roots Above and Branches Below

With Roots Above and Branches Below is the third studio album by American melodic metalcore band The Devil Wears Prada, released on May 5, 2009, through Ferret Music. Upon its release it charted the "Billboard 200" at number 11, selling 31,000 in its first week.
Background.
The Devil Wears Prada began writing for "With Roots Above And Branches Below" after attending 2008's Warped Tour. They started performing "I Hate Buffering" for live audiences for the remainder of the tours they were on that year. They began production and recording of the album during early 2009, while so, vocalist Mike Hranica stated "We're really excited for this album. It's definitely going to be darker, heavier, and more epic. Expect a much heavier, more metal record." Drummer Daniel Williams stated that the new album would be "wilder and crazier" with songs that would features new elements such as choruses, and James Baney stated that the album would be more mechanical, but that it would still contain their same distinct style.
Release.
"With Roots Above and Branches Below" was released on May 5, 2009, through Ferret Music. The album was released in two editions; a standard version and a deluxe CD/DVD version. The deluxe CD/DVD includes the disc and a DVD that contains a making of the album that also premiered online. There are some clips that were deleted after being presented for a short time online that are also featured on the DVD. The album cover artwork was illustrated by Dan Seagrave, who is well known for his work for metal acts including Morbid Angel, Suffocation and Demon Hunter.
The music video for the song "Danger: Wildman" was released on August 4, 2009, and the video for "Assistant to the Regional Manager" was released April 6, 2010.
Reception.
The album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 11 with sales of 31,000 in the first week, making it the band's most successful album at the time of its release. The album also peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Top Independent Albums, Top Hard Rock Albums, and Christian Albums charts.
Promotion and marketing.
The first material released from the album was the song "Dez Moines". It was uploaded to the band's MySpace profile on March 13, 2009 and was released as a free download for fans. On the band's co-headlining US tour with A Day to Remember, Emarosa and Sky Eats Airplane, they offered fans special download cards for the songs "Dez Moines" and "Assistant to the Regional Manager". 
"Dez Moines" is also available as downloadable content for the video game "Guitar Hero World Tour" and was released on May 7, 2009 as a part of the Ferret/Metal Blade Records Pack.

</doc>
<doc id="21530594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530594" title="Grocott's methenamine silver stain">
Grocott's methenamine silver stain

In pathology, the Grocott-Gomori's (or Gömöri) methenamine silver stain, abbreviated GMS, is a popular staining method in histology. 
It is used widely as a screen for fungal organisms. Particularly useful in staining carbohydrates. 
It can be used to identify the yeast-like fungus "Pneumocystis jiroveci" which causes a form of pneumonia called Pneumocystis Pneumonia (PCP) or Pneumocystosis. 
The cell walls of these organisms are outlined by the brown to black stain.

</doc>
<doc id="21530595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530595" title="Guiyang Medical University">
Guiyang Medical University

Guiyang Medical University () is a public university based in Guiyang, capital of Guizhou province in China.
History.
The university was founded in 1938 as the National Guiyang Medical University directly administered by the central government in Beijing. In 1953, the university was officially renamed as the Guiyang Medical University and the administrative supervision transferred to Guizhou provincial government. Over the decades, the university has been accredited as to offer undergraduate programs in medicine as well as the only provincial medical postgraduate university.

</doc>
<doc id="21530606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530606" title="Corsican red deer">
Corsican red deer

Corsican Red Deer ("Cervus elaphus corsicanus" Erxleben, 1777), also known simply as Corsican or Sardinian Deer, is a subspecies of the Red Deer ("Cervus elaphus"), endemic to the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia, Italy and Corsica, France.
Characteristics.
The Corsican Deer is smaller than most of the 16 subspecies of Red Deer; has shorter legs (possibly to better scramble up mountain sides) and a longer tail. 
The antlers are also simplified and shorter, typically less than in length. Coat is brownish. Life expectancy is 13-14 years. Males reach a height of and a weight of ; while females measure and weight .
Reproduction.
The subspecies reach sexual maturity at 2 years of age. Mating lasts from August to November and can involve mortal battles. The dominant male finally secures most of the mature females, typically a dozen per male. After gestation, in May-July, females hide alone in the "maquis" (the dense vegetation) to deliver, typically a single birth per female. Males leave the matriarchal group following the reproductive period.
Distribution and habitat.
The Corsican Red Deer is an introduced species, brought to the islands some 8000 years ago. Today it is bred in the "Parc Naturel Régional de Corse", which covers almost 40 per cent of the island, and also lives in the wild in sanctuaries on both islands.
Conservation status.
The subspecies gets its name from the island of Corsica, from where it was however extirpated in the early 1970s. At that time, the less than 250 animals that still existed on Sardinia were protected and plans were elaborated for a reintroduction on Corsica. Captive breeding on the latter island began in 1985 and the population increased from 13 founders to 186 captive animals. Reintroduction could finally begin in 1998, and as of 2007, the Corsican population was about 250 individuals with a total of about 1,000 for the subspecies which has therefore been downgraded to Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List.

</doc>
<doc id="21530611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530611" title="Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku">
Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku

, abbreviated as Sandai Jitsuroku, is an officially commissioned Japanese history text. Completed in 901, it is the sixth and final text in the Six National Histories series. It covers the years 858-887.
Background.
Following the earlier national history "Nihon Montoku Tennō Jitsuroku" (879), Emperor Uda ordered the compilation of the years since then. It was compiled by Fujiwara no Tokihira, Sugawara no Michizane, Ōkura no Yoshiyuki, and Mimune no Masahira. The text was completed in 901.
Contents.
Written in Kanbun-style and contained within fifty volumes, the contents cover a span of thirty years from 858 to 887 corresponding to three imperial reigns: Seiwa, Yōzei, and Kōkō. It contains many imperial edicts and is more detailed compared to the earlier texts. Particularly famous is a description of Ariwara no Narihira. Parts of volumes 15, 19, and 48 are incomplete.
Also described is an earthquake in July 869 and a tsunami that flooded the plains of northeast Japan: “The sea soon rushed into the villages and towns, overwhelming a few hundred miles of land along the coast. There was scarcely any time for escape, though there were boats and the high ground just before them. In this way about 1,000 people were killed.” These were the same plains that were submerged in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, according to one account. "Analysis of sediments left by the 869 tsunami led to an estimate that the earthquake had a magnitude of 8.3."
Final National History.
"Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku" is the final text in the "Six National Histories" series. In 936, a national history bureau (撰国史所) was established to maintain the existing national histories as well as to continue with their compilation. A new text, "Shinkokushi", was begun. However, it remained in draft form and was never completed. The declining power of the Ritsuryō institution is cited as a cause.

</doc>
<doc id="21530624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530624" title="Tim Marshall (radio host)">
Tim Marshall (radio host)

Tim Marshall is a South Jersey radio personality, music producer, journalist, concert promoter, educator, and humanitarian. His career in broadcasting began in 1987 at Rowan University in Glassboro New Jersey. Tim Marshall's professional radio affiliations include WTMR, Camden NJ; WAYV FM Atlantic City, NJ; WPWT FM, WEJM FM, and 610 WIP-AM in Philadelphia; and WNAP Norristown, PA. His R&B Showcase radio program currently airs on WBZC-FM Pemberton, NJ.
Marshall has been a resident of Willingboro Township, New Jersey.
R&B Showcase Radio Show.
Marshall is a graduate of Rowan University, Glassboro, New Jersey with a Bachelors Degree in Communications and a Masters in Education. His Rhythm & Blues Showcase radio show made its debut on the college's WGLS-FM. He was mentored in radio by WGLS-FM program director Frank Hogan. Marshall patterned his show after Philadelphia radio personalities Harvey Holiday, Butterball, Georgie Woods, Jerry Blavat, and Hy Lit; and then contemporary hosts Doug Henderson, Jr. and Jerry Wells of WDAS-FM.
The musical variety of Marshall's radio show included a mix of Soul and Motown with the contemporary sounds of the day. This was during an era when Urban Contemporary Radio stations like New York's WBLS, or Philadelphia's WUSL-FM played only new music by artists like the Gap Band, Luther Vandross, or L.L. Cool J. Oldies formats were restricted to Sunday nights. The freedom of the college radio format allowed Marshall to feature artists like The Temptations, Four Tops, Wilson Pickett, and Sly & the Family Stone alongside Cameo, Run D.M.C., Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, and Al B Sure!. This format was soon adopted and credited to mainstream radio stations like WRKS-FM, New York, or Philly's WDAS-FM in 1988 as Urban Adult Contemporary.
Marshall's Rhythm and Blues Showcase radio show was rechristened the Urban Showcase in 1989 with a special segment spotlighting Soul Classics. Soon after he reverted to his original Rhythmic Soul format and shortened the shows name to the R&B Showcase. Marshall's focus was on introducing new R&B acts to his listeners and reviving the careers of the legendary artists by featuring their new recordings. It would be common to hear songs like The Spinners's mid eighties singles "Put us Together Again," or "I Found An Angel;" The Temptations "All I Want From You;" or Diana Ross's version of Jackie Ross's Selfish One. These tracks went virtually unnoticed on conventional radio stations. In addition to the recording artists, Marshall also interviewed producers, songwriters and record label executives who would share insight on the music industry, their careers and current projects in an educational style forum.
Commercial radio career.
In the late 1980s Marshall was hired as a producer and music programmer at 610 WIP-AM in Philadelphia. This was prior to the station adopting its Sports Radio format. For a short time he was the voice of WNAP Norristown, Pennsylvania's "Gospel Highway Eleven." Marshall continued with the Gospel format during the summer of 1988 at WTMR 800 AM, Camden, New Jersey. The station broadcast religious music to the Philadelphia area. Marshall continued to host the R&B Showcase on WGLS in Glassboro until graduation in 1991. During the summer of the same year, Marshall was recruited by Program Director Sab Capelli to join the on-air staff at Atlantic City's "Best Mix Music Station" WAYV. The Jersey shore radio station at that time was located just outside the "Days Inn on the boardwalk near the Tropicana Hotel & Casino. Marshall remained for nearly two years hosting a Top 40 show nights and weekends. In 1995 Tim Marshall joined the on-air staff of WBZC-FM where his R&B Showcase radio show has been a mainstay.
Concert promotions and charitable events.
Since the early 1990s, Marshall has served as a promoter and chairperson for a host of charitable concerts and events including; the Linda Creed Breast Cancer Foundation, Bill Deal Cystic Fibrosis Fund, the Damon Harris Prostate Cancer Foundation, and Hold on to Education Foundation inc. He has hosted concerts and Emceed shows at venues like the Commerce Bank Arts Centre, Radisson Hotels, Clarion Hotels, and Patriots Theater at the Trenton War Memorial Auditorium in South Jersey; and various red carpet events outside the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, and the Doubletree Hotel on the Avenue of the Arts, Philadelphia. On September 7, 2009 he hosted the annual Willingboro Jazz Festival at Millcreek Park in Willingboro Township, New Jersey with special guest Spyro Gyra, Marilyn Marshall, Stephen Tirpak, the Blue Method and Cintron. He has also presented or hosted concerts by The Temptations' former vocalists Richard Street, and Damon Harris; G.C. Cameron of The Spinners; The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards; The Delfonics, The Intruders; Braille (Bryan Winchester); Bluesman Mikey Junior; MTV's Making the Band vocal group LMNT; Gil Saunders of Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes; and the first full-length concert by American Idol (Season 1)'s Justin Guarini.
Stage productions.
Marshall has acted in various stage plays for Hollywood East Productions in Philadelphia, and Stageworks Touring Company based in South Jersey. His roles include the male lead in Lorraine Hansberry's To Be Young, Gifted and Black, and A Raisin in the Sun where he recreated Sidney Poitier's role of Walter Lee Younger. He portrayed Sheriff Will Masters in William Inge's Bus Stop (play) and the Bartender in Jimmie "Mr. Hollywood" Brooks "Living In the Fast Lane." His stage appearances also include performances at Fort Dix Officer's Club in New Hanover Township, NJ, and McGuire Air Force Base in Burlington County, New Jersey.
Awards.
On May 11, 2002, Marshall was presented an Award of Merit by the members of the Toronto City Council in Canada in congratulations for his charitable works for various non-profit organizations. He was also honored with a Proclamation from Mayor Eddie Campbell Jr. of Willingboro Township, New Jersey; State Senator Diane Allen with a New Jersey Senate resolution; and an Image Award from the Delaware Valley Chapter of the NAACP. On May 18, 2013 Marshall and his radio show co-host Larry Cotton were honored with a New Jersey State Senate Proclamation for their charitable works at a Benefit Gala for Hold On To Education Foundation. On Saturday August 17, 2013 Marshall was inducted into the R&B Music Hall of Fame honored for 26 years as a radio host and humanitarian. The event was held at Cleveland State University's Waetjen Auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="21530645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530645" title="The Holocaust in Latvia">
The Holocaust in Latvia

The Holocaust in Latvia refers to the Nazi and Nazi collaborator war crimes victimizing Jews during the occupation of Latvia by Nazi Germany.
German occupation.
The German army crossed the Soviet frontier early in the morning on Sunday, 22 June 1941, on a broad front from the Baltic Sea to Hungary. The German army advanced quickly through Lithuania towards Daugavpils and other strategic points in Latvia. The Nazi police state included an organisation called the Security Service (German: "Sicherheitsdienst"), generally referred to as the SD, and its headquarters in Berlin was known as the National (or Reich) Security Main Office ("Reichssicherheitshauptamt"), known by its initial RSHA.
The SD in Latvia.
In advance of the invasion, the SD had organised four "Special Assignment Units", which have become known in history by their German name of Einsatzgruppen. The name of these units was a euphemism, as their real purpose was to kill large numbers of people whom the Nazis regarded as "undesirable". These included Communists, Gypsies, the mentally ill, and especially, Jews. The Einsatzgruppen followed closely behind the German invasion forces, and established a presence in Latvia within days, and sometimes hours, of the occupation of a given area of the country by the German Wehrmacht.
The SD in Latvia can be distinguished in photographs and descriptions by their uniforms. The full black of the Nazi SS was seldom worn, instead the usual attire was the grey Wehrmacht uniform with black accents. They wore the SD patch on the left sleeve, a yellowish shirt, and the Death's Head ("Totenkopf") symbol on their caps. The SD ranks were identical to the SS. The SD did not wear the SS lightning rune symbol on their right collar tabs, but replaced it with either the Totenkopf or the letters "SD".
The SD first established its power in Latvia through Einsatzgruppe A, which was subdivided into units called Einsatzkommandos 1a, 1b, 2 and 3. As the front line moved further east, Einsatzgruppe A moved out of Latvia, remaining in the country only a few weeks, after which its functions were taken over by the "resident" SD, under the authority of the "Kommandant der Sicherheitspolizei un SD", generally referred to by the German initials of KdS. The KdS took orders both from RSHA in Berlin and from another official called the "Befehlshaber" (commander) "der Sicherheitspolizei und des SD", or BdS. Both the KdS and the BdS were subordinate to another official called the Ranking (or Higher) SS and Police Commander ("Höherer SS-und Polizeiführer"), or HPSSF. The lines of authority were overlapping and ambiguous. The eastern part of Latvia, including Daugavpils and the Latgale region, was assigned to Einsatzkommandos 1b (EK 1b) and 3 (EK 3). EK 1b had about 50 to 60 men and was commanded by Erich Ehrlinger.
Murders commence with Nazi invasion.
In Latvia, the Holocaust started on the night of 23 to 24 June 1941, when in the Grobiņa cemetery SD murderers killed six local Jews, including the town chemist. On the following days 35 Jews were exterminated in Durbe, Priekule and Asīte. On June 29 the Nazi invaders started forming the first Latvian SD auxiliary unit in Jelgava. Mārtiņš Vagulāns, member of the Pērkonkrusts organisation, was chosen to head it. In the summer of 1941, 300 men in the unit took part in the extermination of about 2000 Jews in Jelgava and other places in Zemgale. The killing was supervised by the officers of the German SD Rudolf Batz and Alfred Becu, who involved the SS people of the Einsatzgruppe in the action. The main Jelgava Synagogue was burnt down through their joint effort. After the invasion of Riga, Walter Stahlecker, assisted by the members of Pērkonkrusts and other local collaborationists, organised the pogrom of Jews in the capital of Latvia. Viktors Arājs, aged 31 at the time, former member of Pērkonkrusts and a member of a student fraternity, was appointed direct executor of the action. He was an idle eternal student who was supported by his wife, a rich shop owner, who was ten years older than he was. Arājs had worked in the Latvian Police for a certain period of time. He stood out with his power-hungry and extreme thinking. The man was well fed, well dressed, and "with his student's hat proudly cocked on one ear".
Arājs commando formed.
On 2 July Viktors Arājs started to form his armed unit of men who were responding to the appeal of Pērkonkrusts to take arms and to clear Latvia of Jews and communists. In the beginning the unit mainly included members of different student fraternities, while later on many degraded and degenerate individuals also joined. In 1941 altogether about 300 men had applied. The closest assistants of Viktors Arājs included Konstantīns Kaķis, Alfrēds Dikmanis, Boris Kinsler and Herberts Cukurs. On the night of July 3, Arājs Kommando started arresting, beating and robbing the Riga Jews. On 4 July, the choral synagogue at Gogoļa Street was burnt, and thereafter, the synagogues at Maskavas and Stabu Streets. Many Jews were killed during those days, including the refugees from Lithuania. In carts and blue buses the murderers of Arājs Commando went to different places in Courland, Zemgale and Vidzeme, killing thousands of Jews there.
These killings were supposed to serve as an example to other anti-Semitic supporters of the Nazi invaders. Individual Latvian Selbstschutz units were also involved in the extermination of Jews. In the district of Ilūkste, for instance, Jews were killed by the Selbstschutz death unit of commander Oskars Baltmanis, which consisted of 20 cold-blooded murderers. All killings were supervised by the officers of the German SS and SD. In July 1941 the mass killing of Riga Jews took place in the Biķernieku Forest. About 4,000 people died there. The executions were headed by Sturmbannführers (majors) H. Barth, R. Batz, and the newly appointed chief of the Riga SD Rudolf Lange.
Massacres.
As stated by the Latvian historian Andrievs Ezergailis, this was the beginning of "the greatest criminal act in the history of Latvia". From July 1941 the Jews of Latvia were also humiliated in different ways and deprived of the rights that were enjoyed by the other citizens of Latvia. Jews were strictly forbidden to leave their homes in the evening, at night and in the morning. They were allotted lower food rations, they could only shop in some special stores, and they had to wear the mark of recognition – the yellow Star of David on their clothes. It was forbidden for them to attend places where public events took place, including cinemas, athletic fields and parks. They were not allowed to use trains and trams, to go to bath-houses, use pavements, attend libraries and museums or to go to schools, and they had to hand over bicycles and radios. Jewish doctors were only allowed to advise and treat Jews, and they were forbidden to run pharmacies. Maximum norms for furniture, clothes and linen were also soon introduced for Jews. All articles above the norm were subject to confiscation for the needs of the Reich. All jewelry, securities, gold and silver coins had to be handed over without delay. Many things were usurped by German officials and their local servants. Anti-Semitism became the source of their enrichment. The above misers were directly interested in the extermination of Jews. This guaranteed that nobody would demand back the stolen items.
Liepāja.
In Liepāja the first mass killing of Jews took place on July 3 and 4, when about 400 people were shot dead, and on July 8 when 300 Jews were killed. The German group of SD and policemen did the shooting, while the members of Latvian Selbstschutz convoyed victims to the killing site. On July 13 the destroying of the large choral synagogue of Liepāja began. The rolls of the Scripture were spread on the Ugunsdzēsēju Square, and the Jews were forced to march across their sacred things, with watchers merrily laughing at the amusing scene. The above operations took place under the direct leadership of Erhard Grauel, commander of the Einsatzgruppe's Sonderkommando.
Ventspils.
Thereafter Grauel went to Ventspils. The killings were jointly carried out by German Ordnungspolizei and the men of the local Selbstschutz. On July 16-July 18, 300 people were shot dead in the Kaziņu Forest. In July–August the remaining 700 Jews of the town were shot dead, while the Jews of the region were killed in the autumn. The shooting was carried out by German, Latvian and Estonian SD men who had arrived by ship. Soon a poster appeared on the Kuldīga-Ventspils highway, which said that Ventspils was Judenfrei (free of Jews).
Daugavpils.
In Daugavpils the extermination of Jews was initially commanded by Erich Ehrlinger, chief of Einsatzkommando 1b. By July 11 they had killed about 1150 people. Ehrlinger's work was continued by Joachim Hamann, who was liable for the killing of 9012 Jews in the city and in southern Latgale. The chief of the local auxiliary police Roberts Blūzmanis had rendered active assistance by ensuring the moving of the Jews to the Grīva ghetto and transporting them to the killing places.
Rēzekne.
In Rēzekne killings were carried out by a German SD group, which was helped by Selbstschutz men and Arājs murderers. About 2,500 people were exterminated. By October 1941, altogether about 35,000 Latvian Jews were killed.
Confinement.
The Riga Ghetto.
On July 27, 1941, State Commissar (Reichskommissar) Hinrich Lohse (earlier Gauleiter of Schleswig-Holstein), ruler of the Baltic lands and Belarus or Ostland as the territory was called by the invaders – made his guidelines on Jewish question public. Jews, in his opinion, had to be used as a cheap labour force by paying them minimum wages or by providing them with a minimum food ration – with whatever may be left over after supplying the indigenous Aryan population. In order to govern the Jews they had to be moved to special areas where ghettos would be arranged and they would be forbidden to leave the area. Walter Stahlecker protested against the idea of Hinrich Lohse and demanded that the extermination of the Jews be continued. Berlin, however, passed the power to the civil administration of occupation force and it did things its own way. The area of the Latgale suburbs in Riga was chosen for the Riga Ghetto. It was mainly inhabited by poor people: Jews, Russians and Belarusians. The ghetto bordered on Maskavas, Vitebskas, Ebreju (Jewish), Līksnas, Lauvas, Lazdonas, Lielā Kalnu, Katoļu, Jēkabpils and Lāčplēša Streets. About 7000 non-Jews were moved from there to other flats in Riga. More than 23,000 Riga Jews were ordered to move to the territory of the ghetto. There now were more than 29,000 inmates in the ghetto, including those who had already previously resided there. The Jewish Council was formed within the ghetto, which was assigned the task of regulating social life. The Jewish police force for the maintenance of order formed there. It consisted of 80 men armed with sticks and rubber truncheons. The ghetto was enclosed by a barbed-wire fence. Wooden barriers (logs) were placed on the main streets at the entrance, and the Latvian police were stationed as guards there. Jews were allowed to leave the ghetto only in work columns and in the accompaniment of guards. Individual Jewish specialists could come and go by displaying a special yellow ID. Leaving independently was severely punished.
In the ghetto the Jews were very crowded: 3-4 square metres were allotted per person. There was also great poverty, as food rations were given only to those who worked, i.e. to about a half of the ghetto inmates. They had to maintain their 5,652 children and 8,300 elderly and disabled people. The ghetto only had 16 groceries, a pharmacy and a laundry, and a hospital was arranged, which was headed by Professor Vladimir Mintz, a surgeon. The Council of the ghetto was situated in the former Jewish school building at 141 Lāčplēša Street. The historian Marģers Vestermanis writes: "The members of the Jewish Council, including the lawyers D. Elyashev, M. Mintz and Iliya Yevelson, and their volunteer assistants did all they could to somehow relieve general suffering." Jewish policemen, too, tried to somehow protect their fellowmen. The inmates strived to preserve themselves, and there was even an illusion of survival. A resistance group was formed that bought weapons.
The Daugavpils ghetto.
The Daugavpils Ghetto was set up in Grīva at the end of July, 1941, when all surviving Jews in the city were moved there. Jews from other towns and villages of Latgale and even Vidzeme were also brought there. Altogether the ghetto had about 15,000 prisoners. The engineer Misha Movshenson ran the Council of the ghetto. His father had headed the city of Daugavpils in 1918 during the previous period of German occupation.
The Gypsy Holocaust in Latvia.
Less is known about the Holocaust of the Romani people (called "Gypsy" in English and "Ziguener" in German) than for other groups. Most of the available information about the persecution of the Gypsies in Nazi-occupied eastern Europe comes from Latvia. According to Latvia's 1935 census, 3,839 Gypsies lived in the country, the largest population of any of the Baltic States. Many of them did not travel about the country, but lived settled, or "sedentary" life.
On December 4, 1941, Hinrich Lohse issued a decree which stated:
Although Lohse's name was on the order, it was actually issued at the behest of Bruno Jedicke, the Ordnungspolizei chief in the Baltic States. Jedicke in turn was subordinate to Friedrich Jeckeln, the senior SS man in the Baltic States and Belarus.
Gypsies were also forbidden to live along the coast. Historian Lewy believes this restriction may have occasioned the first large killing of Gypsies in Latvia. On December 5, 1941, the Latvian police in Liepāja arrested 103 Gypsies (24 men, 31 women, and 48). Of these people, the Latvian police turned over 100 to the custody of the German police chief Fritz Dietrich "for follow up" ("zu weiteren Veranlassung"), a Nazi euphemism for murder. On December 5, 1941, all 100 were all killed near Frauenburg.
On January 12, 1942, Jedicke distributed Lohse's order of December 4, 1941, ordering his subordinates that in all cases, they were to make sure to implement the necessary "follow up." By May 18, 1942 the German police and SS commander in Liepāja indicated in a log that over a previous unspecified period, 174 Gypsies had been killed by shooting. The German policy on Gypsies varied. In general, it seemed that wandering or "itinerate" Gypsies ("vagabundierende Zigeuner") were targeted, as opposed to the non-wandering, or "sedentary" population. Thus, on May 21, 1942, the SS commander in Liepāja police and SS commander recorded the execution of 16 itinerate Gypsies from the Hasenputh district. The documentation however does not always distinguish between different Gypsy groups, thus on April 24, 1942, EK A reported having killed 1,272 people, including 71 Gypsies, with no further description. In addition, the Nazi policy shifted back and forth as to how the Gypsies were to be treated, and the treatment of any particular group of Gypsies did not necessarily reflect what might appear to have been the official policy of the moment.
Like the Jews, the killing of the Gypsies proceeded through Latvia's smaller towns, and with the aid of Latvians. The Arājs Commando was reported to have killed many Gypsies between July and September 1941. In April, 1942, fifty Gypsies, mostly women and small children, were assembled at the jail in Valmiera, then taken out and shot. Other massacres were reported at Bauska and Tukums.
It is not known how many of Latvia's Gypsies were killed by the Nazis and their Latvian collaborators. Professor Ezergailis estimated that one-half of the Gypsy population was killed, but there will probably never be a more definite number.
Justice.
Some of the Rumbula murderers were captured after the fact.
Historiography and memorials.
Soviet period.
After the Second World War, the Soviet Union again occupied Latvia, this time from 1944 to 1990. It did not suit Soviet purposes to memorialize the Rumbula site or to acknowledge that the victims were Jewish. Until 1960 nothing was done to preserve or memorialize the killing grounds. In 1961 young Jews from Riga searched for the site and found charred bones and other evidence of the murders. In 1962 the Soviets staged an officially-sanctioned memorial service at Bikernieki (another murder site) which made no mention of the Jews but spoke only of "Nazi victims". In 1963 groups of young Jews from Riga came out to Rumbula weekly and cleaned up and restored the site using shovels, wheelbarrows and other hand tools. The site has been marked by a series of makeshift memorials over the years. Throughout the Soviet domination of Latvia the Soviets refused to allow any memorial which would specifically identify the victims as Jews.<br>
The Soviet Union suppressed research into and memorials of the Holocaust in Latvia until 1991, when Soviet rule over Latvia ended. In one case a memorial at Rumbula of which the authorities did not approve was simply hauled away in the middle of the night, with no explanation given. Occasional references were made to the Holocaust in literature during the Soviet era. A folkloric figure called "žīdu šāvējs" (Jew shooter) turned up in stories on occasion. The poet Ojārs Vācietis often referred to the Holocaust in his work, including in particular his well-regarded poem "Rumbula", written in the early 1960s.
One notable survivor of the Latvian Holocaust was Michael Genchik, who escaped from Latvia and joined the Red Army, where he served for 30 years. His family was killed at Rumbula. Many years later he recalled:
Independent Latvia.
In Latvia, Holocaust scholarship could only be resumed once Soviet rule had ended. Much of the post-1991 work was devoted to identification of the victims. This was complicated by the passage of time and the loss of some records and the concealment of others by the NKVD and its successor agencies of the Soviet secret police.
On November 29, 2002, sixty-one years after the murders, the highest officials of the Republic of Latvia, together with representatives of the Latvian Jewish community, foreign ambassdors, and others attended a memorial dedication at the Rumbula site. The president and the prime minister of the Republic walked to the forest from where the Riga ghetto had been. Once they arrived, President Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga addressed the gathering:

</doc>
<doc id="21530666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530666" title="Bridge of Clay">
Bridge of Clay

Bridge of Clay is a teen novel by Australian author Markus Zusak, to be published by Doubleday. The book primarily focuses on family and bridges, both physical and emotional. The main character, Clay, attempts to build a bridge over a river before it floods. Zusak has been planning the book for over ten years.
In an interview with "The Guardian", Zusak made the following comments:
The book's release date was originally set for 1 September 2011 but has been postponed to an undisclosed date.

</doc>
<doc id="21530673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530673" title="Swidler">
Swidler

The state of a regenerating limb while partially completed.
Swidler can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21530679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530679" title="Buckeye Crossroads, Colorado">
Buckeye Crossroads, Colorado

Buckeye Crossroads is a small unincorporated community in extreme eastern Baca County, Colorado, United States. The small community is located at the intersection of SH 89 and SH 116. Closely resembles Punkin Center, about 170 miles to the northwest. The population of Buckeye Crossroads was only 7 in 2000, and remains isolated, located many miles in every direction from any other town.
Geography.
Buckeye Crossroads is located at (37.55775,-102.11035).

</doc>
<doc id="21530682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530682" title="1925 Columbus Tigers season">
1925 Columbus Tigers season

The 1925 Columbus Tigers season was their sixth in the National Football League. The team failed to improve on their previous record against league teams of 4–4, losing nine games. They tied for sixteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21530705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530705" title="Kansu red deer">
Kansu red deer

The Kansu Red Deer ("Cervus canadensis kansuensis") is a subspecies of wapiti found in the Gansu province of China. This subspecies forms, along with the closely related Sichuan deer, and Tibetan red deer, the southernmost wapiti group.

</doc>
<doc id="21530708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530708" title="San Felipe Municipality">
San Felipe Municipality

The Municipality of San Felipe is one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatán in Mexico. Its municipal seat is located in the port town of San Felipe and is located on the north coast of the state, on the Gulf of Mexico. The port is primarily a fishing port, which in recent times has begun significant tourist activity.
Location.
The port town of San Felipe is located 11 kilometers west of Rio Lagartos and at the entrance of the estuary Ria Lagartos, world famous for the concentrations of pink flamingoes. The San Felipe estuary runs parallel to the Gulf Coast to the port of El Cuyo. At its origin, most of the houses in San Felipe was built in cedar varnished so it could resist damage from moisture and salt from the coast, however a number of these buildings were destroyed by Hurricane Gilbert in 1988.
At present, San Felipe offers many services for ecotourism and adventure, accommodation, excursions by boat in the estuary to observe birds and beaches. The town is a good base for trips to Rio Lagartos.
History.
For some 200 years (approximately), a group of fishermen from a port in the west, perhaps Santa Clara or Dzilam Bravo, made a fishing trip. For some reason they decided to reach the beach. Some say that the reason was bad weather.
Upon reaching the beach, the men heard the song Chuleb, native birds of the area. They went to the birds and there found a freshwater spring, known here as the Actam Chuleb (Akta Chuleb the Yucatec Maya, in front or ahead of Chuleb). This spring is now a well located in the main park of the population.
The abundant fisheries then became possible after that the men return to the site, taking advantage of a temporary fishing camp, as they do today fishers beaches sanfelipense as Bachul or Chisascab.
By exploring the site found good land for farming and hunting, plus fishing and abundant fresh water, so some families have settled in the place. Initially these were from places like Dzidzantún, Dzilam and other places nearby.
With the good fishing area, people come from various places such as Panabá and Sucilá, among others. Panabá people, attracted by the abundant fishing, proximity to their farms or for the simple novelty of the new town, was installed at the port. In some cases these people went Panabá. This explains why many people say Panabá have lived in San Felipe.
We do not know when, but sometime Actam Chuleb changed its name to San Felipe, in honor of San Felipe de Jesus.
Andalusia encouraged the people, the people grew up with immigrants from various parts. The port then had two streets forming a cross. To contact the people walking on the streets made of sand, were subsequently sascab, they grow and the population was small bridges crossing the ocaes (arms of water as small rivers which are among the mangroves) to reach other parts of the population. Moreover much of what is now the jetty of the port was a beach.

</doc>
<doc id="21530724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530724" title="Blood Sports (album)">
Blood Sports (album)

Blood Sports is a 1984 album released by the British heavy metal band Avenger. It was reissued in 2002 by Frontline Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21530738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530738" title="Northshore Junior High School">
Northshore Junior High School

Northshore Junior High School is a public junior high school in Bothell, Washington.
Most students go to Inglemoor High School after graduating from NJH, as it is commonly referred to. The feeders schools are Woodmoor Elementary, and Moorlands Elementary.

</doc>
<doc id="21530761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530761" title="Connective tissue neoplasm">
Connective tissue neoplasm

A connective tissue neoplasm|connective tissue tumor is a neoplasm arising from the tissues of the connective tissue. (Not all tumors "in" the connective tissue are "of" the connective tissue.)

</doc>
<doc id="21530768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530768" title="Panabá Municipality">
Panabá Municipality

Panabá is one of 106 municipalities in the state of Yucatán, Mexico. It is located in the eastern region of the Yucatán Peninsula's northern coast. Panabá is also the name of the municipality's largest township that is its municipal seat ("cabecera municipal"). The municipality is bounded to the north by the municipalities of San Felipe and Rio Lagartos, to the east by Tizimín, to the south by Sucilá and to the west by the municipalities of Dzilam de Bravo and Dzilam González.
The modern Spanish spelling "Panabá" derives from the place name in the Yucatec Maya language, ', meaning "of water found by digging". The Maya name combines the verb ' "to dig, to excavate" (verbal root "pan-") with the noun for "water", ""
Political regionalsation.
The municipality belongs to the First Federal Electoral District and the Tenth Local Election District.
Foundation.
Throughout the colonial period, Panabá was under the jurisdiction of Valladolid through Tizimín. As a result of changes in the peninsula during the nineteenth century Panabá was part of the municipality of Tizimín until 1918.
Pre-Columbian ruins have been discovered on a site in the village of Panabá shows that this place was inhabited during the pre-Hispanic times by Indians in the province of Domes.
Historical Monuments.
Architecturally the town is notably attractive. The beautiful temple of San Pedro the Apostle is located in the city.
Ethnic Groups.
The population of speakers (5 years and over) of the indigenous language (Yucatec Maya)in the municipality is 2,465 people.
Demographic Trends.
According to the Census of Population and Housing in June 2010 by the INEGI, the total population of the municipality was 7,461 people, of whom 3,718 are male and 3,713 are female. The total population of the town represents 0.32 per cent of the total population of the state.
Education, Health and Housing.
The town has 4 levels of schools, preschool, primary, secondary and high school, there is a library located in the headquarters. A literacy campaign by the National Institute for Adult Education (INEA) succeeded in reducing illiteracy of the population in the municipality. In 1980, there were 663 people counted as illiterate and by 1986 this number was reduced to 136. According to the 2010 census literacy for people between 15 and 24 years of age was 97.2%. 
There is one medical unit of the Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social (IMSS) in addition to private care.
Typical housing in the region is constructed from wooden posts with wattle and daub walls (locally known as bajareques) and roofed with Huan, (long narrow plant leaves), however most are built with concrete blocks, cement, wood and sheet-metal.
Traditions and Customs.
Normally women wear simple "hupiles", highlighting the embroidered square neck and edge of the clothing, this is worn over a medium length skirt of figured fustian supported by a waistband of the same material. Footwear is sandals and to protect themselves from the sun they wear "shawls". Country people, especially the elderly, dress
in baggy trousers made from blanket material, a shirt buttoned down the front, an apron of ticking and a straw hat.
For farm shows and major fiestas the women dress up in the "terno", a three piece outfit of full-length white skirt with decorated hem, an under-garment made with fine materials and with a coloured border and over this is worn a highly decorated top with a square neck. Decorated with lace and usually hand-made embroidery in cross stitch. This is complemented by long gold chains, earrings, coral rosaries, filigree decorations and a shawl with the Virgin Mary.
The men wear white pants cut straight, jackets without lapels (locally called Philipino jackets) made of fine material, the better one having gold buttons, espadrilles and jipijapa hats, without forgetting the traditional red scarf popularly known as a bandana and essential for the jarana, a local dance.
For All Saints' Day and The Day of the Dead it is customary to place an altar in a main room in the house, where the favourite food of the dead is offered up to them. Traditional Mucbil chicken accompanied by atole of corn and chocolate beaten with water. In the regional fiestas people dance jaranas and there is showing off among the participants.
Food.
The savoury cuisine of the region is composed of pork, chicken and venison, with spicy sauces with a base of habanero chilli and maize. Some of these dishes are: beans with pork, egg with chaya (tree spinach), chicken soup, filled cheese (typically an Edam cheese filled with chopped meat and sauce) salbutes,panuchos, pipián de venedo (venison in red pumpkin seed sauce), papadzules, longaniza, cochinita pibil, joroches (various filled fritters), mucbi-chicken (baked chicken pie), and tamales. 
Typical desserts are cassava fritters with honey, baked pumpkin with honey, sweet potato with coconut, coyol palm fruit in syrup, pumpkin seed marzipan, melcochas (sweets made of beaten thick honey in different shapes) arepas, tejocotes in sweet syrup and ciricote (a local fruit). 
Typical drinks are Xtabentún, Balché, anise liquer, horchata, corn atole (a drink made from fresh maize), fruit juices of the region.
Settlements.
The municipality contains some 135 officially named localities ("localidades"), among which the most populous settlements are 

</doc>
<doc id="21530778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530778" title="Elm Tree Beacon Light">
Elm Tree Beacon Light

Elm Tree Beacon Light served as the front range with New Dorp Light as the rear to mark Swash Channel. The channel is now marked by Staten Island Light and West Bank Light.

</doc>
<doc id="21530809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530809" title="Guiyang College of Traditional Chinese Medicine">
Guiyang College of Traditional Chinese Medicine

Guiyang College of Traditional Chinese Medicine () is a public university based in Guiyang, the capital of Guizhou province in China.
History.
The university was established in 1965 as the Guiyang College of Traditional Chinese Medicine. It covers divided among two campuses, the North Campus and South Campus.
Administration.
Schools and Departments.
The university is organised into twelve departments and schools.

</doc>
<doc id="21530827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530827" title="System quarterback">
System quarterback

A System quarterback is an American football quarterback who flourishes under a particular offensive system, specifically one that focuses on passing. The term is often seen as derogatory manner, as it implicitly downplays a quarterback's talent or skill by implying that a successful offense is due to a particular scheme or that a quarterback is successful due to his employment under specific circumstances. A system quarterback is usually perceived as having their statistics inflated by a particular strategy. Offensive schemes that tend to feature so-called system quarterbacks are the "run and shoot", spread, and, less frequently, spread option offenses.
Origin.
Russ Lande of "Sporting News" traced the term's etymology, or at least currency, to the early 1990s, when two University of Houston quarterbacks failed to carry college success into their professional careers. First, Andre Ware, in head coach Jack Pardee and offensive coordinator John Jenkins's run and shoot offense, had a record-setting 1989 season that culminated in a Heisman Trophy. He was the seventh overall pick in the 1990 NFL Draft, but did not have success in either the National Football League nor the Canadian Football League. David Klingler took over for Ware at UH, and was the sixth overall pick in the 1992 NFL Draft. He too, failed to find exceptional success in the NFL.
Usage.
Recently, the appellation was commonly applied to Texas Tech quarterbacks that operated under former head coach Mike Leach and offensive coordinator Dana Holgorsen's spread offense. In the 2000s, the school had several different quarterbacks that threw in excess of 4,000 yards in a season. According to some pundits, this demonstrated that the quarterback had simply been an interchangeable part in a prolific passing offense. Some Texas Tech quarterbacks, with their college tenure in parentheses, described as such include:
The label is not restricted to Texas Tech, however, and pundits and coaches have referred to players from several other schools as benefiting from systems. In 2007, then Hawaii head coach and offensive coordinator June Jones infamously defended his own alleged system quarterback, Colt Brennan, by making the counter-accusation against Tim Tebow of Florida. Players from schools other than Texas Tech that were described as system quarterbacks include:
The derivative and complementary term "system receiver" has been used to describe wide receivers under similar circumstances. Wes Welker of Texas Tech is one example.

</doc>
<doc id="21530830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530830" title="Fukue Domain">
Fukue Domain

, also known as , was a Japanese domain of the Edo period. It is associated with Hizen Province in modern-day Saga Prefecture. 
In the han system, Fukue was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
Gotō was settled in ancient times, and was a port of call on the trade route between Japan and Tang Dynasty China in the Nara period. Noted Buddhist prelate Kukai stopped at Gotō in 806. The islands came under the control of the Gotō clan, a local warlord clan specializing in trade and piracy, during the Muromachi period. The area was the center of intense European missionary activity in the late 16th century, which converted most of the population to the "Kirishitan" (Christian) faith. Gotō Harumasa (1548–1612) served Toyotomi Hideyoshi and participated in the Japanese invasions of Korea. During the Battle of Sekigahara he remained neutral. In 1602, after the start of the Tokugawa bakufu he pledged loyalty to Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu, and in return was confirmed in his ancestral holdings, with revenues of 15,000 "koku".
The early days of the domain were troubled by political problems, with rivalries between different factions of the ruling clan, violent clashes over fishing rights between various islands and villages, and the unpopular suppression of the Kirishitan religion per the Tokugawa bakufu’s national seclusion policies. The situation became more quiescent in the 18th century with increasing prosperity due to the growth of whaling and the establishment of the separate Tomiei sub-domain (3000 "koku") on Shinkamigotō.
Towards the end of the Bakumatsu period, the 10th daimyō of Fukue Domain, Gotō Moriakira began reconstruction of Ishida Castle, with the work completed by Gotō Morinori, the 11th and final daimyō. It was the last Japanese castle to be built under the Tokugawa Bakufu. 
Morinori was an early supporter of the "Sonnō jōi" movement, and was ordered to Kyoto in October 1867 to pledge his loyalty to Emperor Meiji. He arrived in Kyoto in 1868, and the new Meiji government ordered him to strengthen the maritime defenses of his island domain against possible incursions by foreign ships. To defray the costs of this program, the new government abolished the subsidiary fief of Tomie, and added its 3000 "koku" to his revenues. However, the people of Tomie were highly opposed to the union with Fukue, and it was not until July 1869 that he was able to take possession of the new territories. By this time, the position of "daimyō" had already been abolished, and his official title was "domain governor". 
On July 15, 1871, Fukue domain was abolished with the rest of the han system, and became part of the new Nagasaki Prefecture. 
The former Gotō domain is now part of Gotō city, Nagasaki Prefecture.
List of daimyo.
The hereditary daimyo were head of the clan and head of the domain. They were descendants of Gotō Iemori
Geography.
The area of the han was the Gotō Islands, off the western coast of Kyūshū in the East China Sea. The islands were considered part of Hizen Province. 

</doc>
<doc id="21530846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530846" title="Alashan wapiti">
Alashan wapiti

The Alashan Wapiti is a subspecies of "Cervus canadensis" (named "elk" or "wapiti" in North America), found in Northern China and Mongolia. It is the smallest subspecies of elk, has the lightest color, and is the least studied, other than the extinct Merriam's Elk.

</doc>
<doc id="21530884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530884" title="Gotō Morinori">
Gotō Morinori

Biography.
Morinori was the third son of the tenth "daimyō" of Fukue Domain, Gotō Moriakira. However, as both of his elder brothers died at early ages, he was selected as heir, and became eleventh "daimyō" on the retirement of his father on January 21, 1858.
However, as he was of weak constitution, his retired father continued to play an active role in his administration. In 1863, he completed the reconstruction of the family seat at Ishida Castle, the last Japanese castle to be constructed under the Tokugawa Bakufu. He was an early supporter of the "Sonnō jōi" movement, and was ordered to Kyoto in October 1867 to pledge his loyalty to Emperor Meiji. He arrived in Kyoto in 1868, and the new Meiji government ordered him to strengthen the maritime defenses of his island domain against possible incursions by foreign ships. To defray the costs of this program, the new government abolished the subsidiary fief of Tomie, and added its 3000 "koku" to his revenues. However, the people of Tomie were highly opposed to the union with Fukue, and it was not until July 1869 that he was able to take possession of the new territories. By this time, the position of "daimyō" had already been abolished, and his official title was that of domain governor. 
On July 15, 1871, Fukue domain itself was abolished with the abolition of the han system, and became part of the new Nagasaki Prefecture. Morinori relocated to Tokyo. He died in 1875, predeceasing his father, and his grave is at the temple of Kichijo-ji. His descendents were later given the peerage title of "shishaku" (viscount) under the "kazoku" peerage system.

</doc>
<doc id="21530898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530898" title="Ceanothus dentatus">
Ceanothus dentatus

Ceanothus dentatus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name sandscrub ceanothus. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from the Central Coast and its Coast Ranges. It grows in coastal hills, bluffs, and canyons. 
Description.
This shrub produces a highly branched, spreading stem up to about 1.5 meters tall. The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged and often borne in clusters. Each is under 2 centimeters long, toothed along the edges, wavy and turned under along the margins to appear somewhat ruffled. They are hairy and covered in tiny glandular bumps, the upper surfaces dark shiny green and the undersides paler. The inflorescence is a small cluster of many bright blue flowers. The fruit is a lobed, crested capsule about 4 millimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="21530926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530926" title="HNoMS Garm">
HNoMS Garm

Two ships of the Royal Norwegian Navy have borne the name HNoMS "Garm", after the Ragnarök hound Garmr:

</doc>
<doc id="21530931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530931" title="Synovial sarcoma, X breakpoint">
Synovial sarcoma, X breakpoint

Synovial sarcoma, X breakpoint (SSX) refers to a group of genes rearranged in synovial sarcoma.
They include:
The group also has several associated pseudogenes, and the interacting protein SSX2IP.
The translocation t(X;18) creates a fusion of the SYT gene(at 18q11) with either SSX1 or SSX2 (both at Xp11). Neither SYT, nor the SSX proteins contain DNA-binding domains. Instead, they appear to be transcriptional regulators whose actions are mediated primarily through protein-protein interactions, with BRM in the case of SYT, and with Polycomb group repressors in the case of SSX. 

</doc>
<doc id="21530933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530933" title="Auguste Laugel">
Auguste Laugel

Antoine-Auguste Laugel (20 January 1830 – 1914) was a French historian and engineer born in Strasbourg.
He received his education at the "École polytechnique" in Paris, and for a period of time was secretary and confidant to the Duke of Aumale. Later he was appointed director of the "Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée" (PLM), a French railway company.
He published articles in various journals such as the "Revue des Deux Mondes", where he penned an important account on Darwin's "Origin of the Species" in 1860. He was the author of numerous historical and philosophical works.

</doc>
<doc id="21530950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530950" title="Guizhou University of Finance and Economics">
Guizhou University of Finance and Economics

Guizhou College (or Institute) of Finance and Economics ( is a provincial public higher education institution located in Guiyang, capital of Guizhou province, China.
History.
The institution was established in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="21530963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530963" title="HNoMS Draug">
HNoMS Draug

Two ships of the Royal Norwegian Navy have borne the name HNoMS "Draug", after the sea revenant Draugr:

</doc>
<doc id="21530975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530975" title="HNoMS Troll">
HNoMS Troll

Two ships of the Royal Norwegian Navy have borne the name HNoMS "Troll", after the Norse mythological creature Troll:

</doc>
<doc id="21530989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21530989" title="Robert Bardwell">
Robert Bardwell

Robert Bardwell, also known as "The Phantom of Jacobs Field," is the former organist for the Cleveland Indians.
Bardwell was hired in 2001 as the Indians' music director, a position that also required him to serve as the organist, playing familiar songs such as Take Me Out to the Ball Game, the Tarantella, the Star-Spangled Banner, O Canada and the Charge fanfare, as well as God Bless America, which Major League Baseball required teams to play following the 9/11 attacks. Because the stadium did not use a traditional organ, Bardwell played an Ensoniq keyboard with a classic ballpark organ sample stored on a floppy disk. During pitching changes and delays, he played other music to pump up the fans, and he was also tasked with playing favorite songs selected by players who were up to bat.
Bardwell became something of a local celebrity in 2002, when "The Plain Dealer" ran a feature piece dubbing him "The Phantom of Jacobs Field." He left the Indians in 2006.
Bardwell is now a product manager for Ernst & Young, one of the world's largest professional services firms.
In addition to his work with the Indians, Robert Bardwell is a member of the St. John Neumann Life Teen Band and puts together a family band on Thanksgiving and Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="21531009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531009" title="Ceanothus ferrisiae">
Ceanothus ferrisiae

Ceanothus ferrisiae (sometimes spelled "ferrisae") is a rare species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae. Its common name is coyote ceanothus.
Description.
"Ceanothus ferrisiae" grows erect to a maximum height approaching two meters. The woody parts are reddish in color when new and age gray. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged and measure up to 3 centimeters long. They are firm, flat, and generally toothed along the edges. The upper surface is hairless and deep green and the underside is paler in color and fuzzy in texture. The inflorescence is a small cluster of white flowers which bloom in the winter. The fruit is a rough, horned capsule just under a centimeter wide. 
Distribution.
"Ceanothus ferrisiae" is endemic to Santa Clara County, California, where it is known from only four or five occurrences near Mt. Hamilton in the Diablo Range. The largest population, located near Anderson Dam, is recovering from a 1992 wildfire that killed 95% of the plants. It is a member of the serpentine soils endemic flora and it occurs in chaparral. It is a federally listed endangered species.
Conservation.
There are about 6000 individuals remaining in five occurrences. The plant is threatened by loss and degradation of its habitat, which is being cleared for construction and used for dumping. The species also seems to have low recruitment.

</doc>
<doc id="21531034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531034" title="Organisations associated with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations">
Organisations associated with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations

This is a list of organisations directly affiliated with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, or ASEAN.

</doc>
<doc id="21531039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531039" title="Formosan sambar deer">
Formosan sambar deer

The Formosan Sambar is a subspecies of sambar found in Taiwan. It is the largest native herbivore there. Its fur color changes with season to provide camouflage, it is yellowish brown in the summer and dark brown in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="21531043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531043" title="Charlie Vázquez">
Charlie Vázquez

Charlie Vázquez (born Carlos Luis Vázquez) is a Bronx born-and-raised, self-identified queer American artist, writer, and musician of Cuban and Puerto Rican descent. He is also the editor of Fireking Press, where he has published a novel and a book of short stories. His fiction, erotica and essays have appeared in a number of anthologies, magazines, and websites. He lives in Brooklyn, New York, with his partner, poet John Williams.
Early years.
Vázquez was born at Fordham Hospital in the Bronx, New York, on May 14, 1971, to a Cuban-Puerto Rican mother and Puerto Rican father. His earliest years were spent in the turbulent, disinvested East Tremont neighborhood of the Bronx, where his parents befriended several members of the Reapers, a notorious South Bronx street gang. His family then moved north, to the Fordham neighborhood, where he became fascinated by a small white house in a nearby park. That old cottage would turn out to be Edgar Allan Poe’s final home. Vázquez feels that Poe’s prose had a strong impact on him as a young reader. Before divorcing in 1981, his parents moved the family east, to Allerton Avenue and White Plains Road, where Vázquez attended the Richard Rodgers School (PS 96), Whalen Junior High School and Christopher Columbus High School, where he served as a key trumpet player in orchestras and jazz bands.
The West Coast.
In 1988, at the age of seventeen, Vázquez moved to Portland, Oregon, where he began exploring underground clubs (such as the infamous City Nightclub), bisexuality, drugs and music. He also appeared in two experimental underground films. These years culminated with earning the exclusive position of nightclub photographer for Portland’s largest gay nightclub, the legendary Panorama disco. In 1989 he bought an electric guitar and joined his first experimental music project, Euthanasia, which included the prolific musician Kaitlyn ni Donovan, whom he would collaborate again with later. Euthanasia disintegrated and regrouped as the more electronically-inclined quartet, Factor Red. This new band, for which he played electric guitar, keyboards and wrote songs, built a loyal Portland following and supported touring acts such as Sex Gang Children, Front Line Assembly and Clan of Xymox on their Portland dates. Factor Red disbanded in 1992, after releasing their "Prophecy/Atrophy" 12” single.
Vázquez, along with two other members of Factor Red, joined a performance art electronica super-group called Soulmaggot, which he immediately abandoned, in order to collaborate with Baroque pop singer-songwriter Kaitlyn ni Donovan. Abandoning electronic music altogether, he followed a mostly acoustic route over the next few years, contributing accordion, dumbek, glockenspiel and guitar to ni Donovan’s "Cannibal Spirit" and "Dinner with Bosch" recordings. He performed, recorded and toured with her until 1997, under the moniker Zumo. The duo often played the infamous 1201 bar in downtown Portland, where acts such as The Dandy Warhols and Pink Martini first attracted local fans. Kaitlyn ni Donovan and Zumo continued playing the Portland café and nightclub circuit, opening for acts as diverse as Elliott Smith and Jane Siberry. The duo evolved into a five-piece rock band, The Kaitlyn ni Donovan Band, which Vázquez left in 1997. He then collaborated with a few short-lived punk and noise bands for several months, but none developed enough to record or perform. Charlie recorded a solo demo, "Hidden Facets", that same year. He recorded a second demo, "Stark Street Business Journal", in 1998. He quit music for good in 1998, focusing instead on 35mm photography and writing.
In 1999, he landed the position of nightclub photographer for the gay Portland nightclub, Panorama, where he experimented with slow shutter speeds and erratic lighting conditions, producing a corpus of hallucinogenic and warped color photographs that playfully capture the trance music period of the time. In addition to capturing landscape photographs in various cities and natural surroundings, Charlie photographed his many and unusual queer punk friends (in the years 1999-2003), posing them with assorted bottles of beer and liquor covering their genitals.
In 1999, Vázquez began writing exclusively, combining a series of interconnected short stories that would become his first novel, "Buzz and Israel", which he began in 1997 and published in late 2004. Earlier that same year, he moved to Baja California for six months, where he explored the Mexican peninsula, Southern California and attended the Saints and Sinners Literary Festival in New Orleans. He returned to Portland for a year. In 2006 he relocated to his native New York City, where he finished editing his second book "Business as Unusual" and was introduced to avant-garde composer and performance artist Diamanda Galás, for whom he has worked as an assistant.
Writing.
Vázquez’s first novel, "Buzz and Israel" (Fireking Press, 2004), details the complicated relationship between Israel, a closeted Puerto Rican actor, and Buzz, a junkie and jewelry store thief. Inspired by the writings of Jean Genet and William S. Burroughs, the novel follows their passionate and dysfunctional relationship from Portland, Oregon, where they meet, to New York City, where the story ends, by way of Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, the Mojave Desert and Phoenix, Arizona. The author claims that this “intoxicated work of transient fiction” was inspired by his youthful years on the West Coast, where he experimented with drugs, sexuality, recorded experimental music and traveled throughout the Western United States and Vancouver, British Columbia. "Buzz and Israel" explores the twilight worlds of transsexual shamans, heroin addicts, Santería priestesses and queer criminals. Its third-person voice examines the unique experiences of a New York Latino (Israel) immersed in a mostly-white American subculture.
"Buzz and Israel" was followed by "Business as Unusual" in 2007, also published by Fireking Press. "Business as Unusual" is a fiction collection composed of two novellas and three short stories that were written in Southern California, Baja California, Oregon, and New York City. This collection of fiction explores themes of transsexuality, fortune-telling, reincarnation, mesmerism and fetishism, as told through the first-person narratives of strange and revealing narrators.
His second novel, "Contraband", was published in 2010 by Rebel Satori Press. It superimposes a 1959 Cuban Revolution-styled technological overhaul of government onto the United States of the near future, where intellectuals, queers and artists are sought and executed by a faceless dictatorship.
Vázquez's fiction, erotica and essays have been published in a number of anthologies, including "Best Gay Love Stories: New York City" (2006), "Best Gay Erotica 2008" and "Queer and Catholic" (2008). His short stories, articles and interviews have also appeared in print and online publications such as "Advocate.com", "NYpress.com", "Tanglefoot", "Dreck Magazine", "BigFib.com", and "Mensbook Journal". He is also a former contributor to the Village Voice blog "Naked City".
Vázquez hosts a monthly reading series called PANIC! at Nowhere in the East Village, Manhattan, where he first witnessed punk rock, Gothic rock and queer culture in the 1980s. The series features both published and unpublished queer, female and transsexual writers of erotica, horror and unusual fiction and poetry. Vázquez cites Edgar Allan Poe, James Baldwin, Serge Gainsbourg, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Celia Cruz, Arsenio Rodríguez, Celina y Reutilio, Diamanda Galás and Joy Division as cultural influences.

</doc>
<doc id="21531046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531046" title="Crystal Stilts">
Crystal Stilts

Crystal Stilts is an American post punk band from Brooklyn, New York City though their founding members, Brad Hargett and JB Townsend, were originally from Florida.
History.
Crystal Stilts was formed in 2003 by Brad Hargett and JB Townsend. After releasing one single and an EP, the pair expanded to five members before signing to Slumberland Records in the US and Angular Recording Corporation in Europe and releasing their debut, "Alight of Night", in 2008. After a few bouts of touring and some down-time, the band returned in 2011 with the LP "In Love With Oblivion", in April 2011 and the "Radiant Door EP" in November 2011. In 2013 they released their 3rd LP, "Nature Noir", "expanding their sound to incorporate elements of soul, country, and folk." The group currently resides in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21531079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531079" title="Guizhou Nationalities University">
Guizhou Nationalities University

Guizhou Nationalities University ( is a provincial public university located in Guiyang, capital of Guizhou province, China.
History.
The university was established in 1951 as the earliest university to cater for indigenous people such as the Zhuang people which populate Guizhou province.
About GZUN.
'Guizhou Minzu University was founded on May 17, 1951 under the jurisdiction of the People’s Government of Guizhou Province. As one of the first minorities-oriented universities in China, it is a key provincial higher education institute sponsored jointly by the People’s Government of Guizhou Province and the State Commission for Nationalities, awarded the rank of A in the 2007 National Evaluation of Undergraduate Education.The university is located in Huaxi District of Guiyang City, a scenic spot with green mountains and bright waters renowned as “Pearl of Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau”. The campus covers an area of 883,100 m2 with a construction space of 395,400 m2. There is a collection of 1.259 million printed publications and 2,100 GB e-books in the University Library. Guizhou Minzu University has a well-structured and well-developed staff. There are 1,152 teachers and workers on the payroll, of whom 694 people are professional teachers. Of the faculty 365 teachers are awarded with the professional rank above associate professor, taking up 52.6%; of the faculty 402 teachers have received the degree above master, accounting for 57.9%.The university enrolls students from 31 provinces (cities, autonomous regions and municipalities under the jurisdiction of the Central Government). At present the student population reaches over 18,000, of whom more than 70% come from minority areas and West China. Since the founding of the university 60,000 plus talents of various disciplines have been cultivated. There are 8 categories in the university, namely, liberal arts, history, law, management, sciences, economics, engineering and pedagogy. As such, it is a comprehensive higher education institute, where undergraduates compose the majority with postgraduates, preparatory university students and further education recipients as complementation. The university governs 19 schools, namely, School of Business, School of Law, School of Ethnography and Sociology, School of Physical Education, School of Literature, School of Foreign Languages, School of Media, School of Music and Dance, School of Fine Arts, School of Sciences, School of Chemistry and Environmental Engineering, School of Computer and Information Engineering, School of Architecture'. http://en.gzmu.edu.cn

</doc>
<doc id="21531091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531091" title="Čunovo Water Sports Centre">
Čunovo Water Sports Centre

The Čunovo Water Sports Centre is an artificial whitewater slalom course in Slovakia, on an island in the Danube river, 14 km southeast of Bratislava, near the village of Čunovo. It is powered by flow diversion from the Čunovo dam. Since 1997, it has hosted a full schedule of local, regional, and international competitions, including multiple World Cup races, 2 European Championships and the 2011 World Championships. 
Course Description.
The Centre has two parallel whitewater channels; the drop is the same for both channels, . The left channel is 356 meters long, with a 1.9% slope of 19 m/km (98 ft/mile) and a streamflow of 7 to 22 m³/sec (247 to 777 ft³/sec). The right channel is 460 meters long, with a 1.4% slope of 14 m/km (76 ft/mile) and a streamflow of 7 to 12 m³/sec (247 to 424 ft³/sec). When both channels are watered, the left channel streamflow is 15 m³/sec (530 ft³/sec) and the right is 7 m³/sec (247 ft³/sec).
The two channels are connected at two crossover points, making a total of five alternative routes from start to finish. From a start in the left channel, there are three ways to run the course; from a right channel start there are two. Any run which ends up in the left channel includes a sheer final drop called "Niagara."
A conveyor-belt boat lift carries paddlers in their boats up to a 225-meter-long return canal on a level with the start pool.
The Čunovo Water Sports Centre was built in 1996 on an island near the mid-river end of the Čunovo dam, a flood control feature of the Čunovo to Gabčíkovo dam system. The island is high enough to remain dry during floods. In March 2002 and again the same August, the whitewater course was inundated, but the buildings and most of the island remained above water.
When the Water Sports Centre operates at full capacity, with the two whitewater channels carrying a combined total of 22 m³/sec (777 ft³/sec), it siphons off between 9% and 4.5% of the river's normal flow of 250 to 600 m³/sec (8,830 to 21,200 ft³/sec).
Full course operation represents a 4-Megawatt sacrifice of electricity production at the Gabčíkovo dam 30 km farther downstream. Although the water flowing through the slalom course represents only 1.4 Megawatts of energy, if it stayed in the reservoir until it reached the Gabčíkovo dam, with a higher vertical drop, its energy potential would be greater. This fact makes the course more expensive to operate, in energy terms, than a similar pump-powered facility.
Čunovo Dam.
The "Budapest Treaty" of 1977, between Hungary and Czechoslovakia, was a plan to tame the Danube and increase its navigability with levees, dams, locks, overflow channels, and designated flood plains, and to generate hydroelectricity. The joint project was intended to cover the entire 150 km stretch of the Danube as it forms the border between Slovakia and Hungary, from the upstream, western, end at Čunovo, Slovakia, to Nagymaros, Hungary, in the east. Construction started when the Soviet Union broke up in 1991, but only on the Slovakian side. In 1989, Hungary had suspended its participation and in 1992 backed out of the 1977 treaty altogether. Slovakia has been in litigation with Hungary ever since.
In 1992, Slovakia completed the 30-km section from Čunovo to Gabčíkovo, which includes a dam at each end, each dam spanning half the river width, the two dams being connected by a 30-km long levee, all of which combine to impound the 40 km² Čunovo reservoir and force the river into a navigation channel on the left side of the riverbed. The Čunovo dam, on river right at the upstream end, is a flood control feature with 27 spillways to send excess water into the bypass channel and flood plain south of the navigation channel. The Gabčíkovo dam, at the downstream end, contains the main navigation locks and the hydropower plant, which began operation in 1996 and now provides electricity equal to 11% of the total Slovakian demand. Its maximum capacity is 720 Megawatts at a water discharge rate of 4,000 m³/sec (141,000 ft³/sec).
The two dams and the levee support a two-lane road which is the first Danube river crossing below Bratislava, but vehicles must drive the length of the 30-km levee to complete the crossing. This is the road which provides access to the Water Sports Centre, mid-river at the Čunovo end.

</doc>
<doc id="21531098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531098" title="Nuclear Jellyfish">
Nuclear Jellyfish

Nuclear Jellyfish is the eleventh novel by Tim Dorsey. It was released January 25, 2009. It follows overly zealous serial killer Serge A. Storms.

</doc>
<doc id="21531113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531113" title="Bloodline (band)">
Bloodline (band)

Bloodline was an American blues rock band composed of the sons of several well-known rock musicians. It was also guitarist Joe Bonamassa's first band (he was billed as "Smokin' Joe Bonamassa").
Bloodline signed to Varèse Sarabande/Capitol in 1994 and released one self-titled album. The group's members were drummer Erin Davis (son of Miles Davis), rhythm guitarist Waylon Krieger (son of Robby Krieger), and bassist and lead vocalist Berry Oakley, Jr. (son of Berry Oakley), along with Bonamassa, whose parents were musicians, though not famous. For the keyboard parts, the band called veteran keyboard player Lou Segreti. Warren Haynes made a guest appearance on the album. The record produced one hit single, "Stone Cold Hearted", which reached No. 32 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The group split shortly after the release of the record, immediately following a tour opening for Tesla and Lynyrd Skynyrd.

</doc>
<doc id="21531121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531121" title="César Thomson">
César Thomson

César Thomson (18 March 1857 – 21 August 1931) was a Belgian violinist, teacher and composer.
Biography.
He was born in Liège in 1857. At age seven, he entered the Liège Conservatory of Music, and studied under Désiré Heynberg, Rodolphe Massart and Jacques Dupuis (1830-1870). By age 16, he was considered to have "a technique unrivalled by any other violinist then living". He was also a student of Hubert Léonard, Henryk Wieniawski and Henri Vieuxtemps.
In 1873 he became concertmaster of the private orchestra (52 players) of Baron Paul von Dervies, a Russian banker and railroad magnate, who, in 1870, had built the Castello di Trevano as a temple to music, in the vicinity of Canobbio, by Lugano, Switzerland. After von Dervies lost his mind and disappeared, Thomson left Lugano in 1877, but not before he had married a local noblewoman, Luisa Riva. In 1879 he played in a Berlin orchestra, and in 1882 was appointed violin professor at his alma mater, the Liège Conservatory. In 1897 he succeeded Eugène Ysaÿe as principal professor at the Brussels Conservatory. In 1898 he established a string quartet, with himself as first violin.
He had great success as a concert soloist at Leipzig in 1891 and Brussels in 1898. His appearances in Britain and the United States were less favourably received, but he was popular in South America. He taught at Ithaca College in New York 1924-27 and at the Juilliard School.
César Thomson revived many of the then obscure works of Niccolò Paganini, and he did much work in editing, arranging and transcribing works from the early Italian school, by composers such as Corelli, Handel, Tartini, J. S. Bach, Nardini and Vitali. His own compositions included a "Zigeuner Rhapsody" for violin and orchestra (1909).
César Thomson died in Bissone, near Lugano, in 1931.
His notable students included: Hugo Alfvén, Aylmer Buesst, Edwin Grasse, Johan Halvorsen, Paul Kochanski, Demetrius Dounis, Alma Moodie, Guillermo Uribe Holguín, Tony Schultze, and Haydn Wood; he also played an important role in training two significant American chamber groups, having taught three members of the Flonzaley Quartet and at least two of the Zoellner Quartet, which made its first European appearances at his private soirees.
There is a Boulevarde César Thomson in Liège.

</doc>
<doc id="21531136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531136" title="Ceanothus fresnensis">
Ceanothus fresnensis

Ceanothus fresnensis is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Fresno mat. It is endemic to California, where it grows in central sections of the Sierra Nevada and its foothills. Its habitat includes dry woodland and coniferous forest. 
Description.
This is a flat, spreading shrub forming mats approaching 6 meters in maximum width. The stems are reddish brown and send down roots at nodes. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged and generally under 2 centimeters long. They are oval and have smooth edges but sometimes have a few teeth or notches at the tips. The inflorescence is a small cluster of pale to bright blue flowers. The fruit is a horned capsule about half a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="21531156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531156" title="Mudrooroo">
Mudrooroo

Colin Thomas Johnson (born 21 August 1938), better known by his nom de plume Mudrooroo, is a novelist, poet, essayist and playwright. He has been described as one of the most enigmatic literary figures of Australia and since 2001 he has been living in Kapan, Nepal. His many works are centred on Australian Aboriginal characters and Aboriginal topics.
Also known as Mudrooroo Narogin and Mudrooroo Nyoongah. "Narogin" after the indigenous spelling for his place of birth, and "Nyoongah" after the name of the people from whom he claimed descent. "Mudrooroo" means "paperbark" in the Bibbulmun language group spoken by the Noongar.
Controversy.
In early 1996, a member of the Nyoongah community questioning Mudrooroo’s Aboriginality approached journalist Victoria Laurie. Informed that Mudrooroo's sister, Betty Polglaze, had conducted genealogical research in 1992 that traced her family back five generations, Laurie contacted Polglaze who told her that she could find no trace of Aboriginal ancestry in the family. Laurie subsequently wrote an article for her newspaper titled "Identity Crisis" sparking a scandal that received nationwide media coverage in 1996/97.
A request by the Nyoongah community to substantiate his claimed kinship to the Kickett family was not acknowledged because he was overseas and then in the process of relocating interstate. On 27 July 1996 the Nyoongah elders released a public statement: "The Kickett family rejects Colin Johnson's claim to his Aboriginality and any kinship ties to the family". Mudrooroo's prior statements about Indigenous writers such as Sally Morgan, whom he excluded from his definition of Aboriginality, did not assist his cause. He had said of Morgan's book "My Place," that it made Aboriginality acceptable so long as you were "young, gifted and not very black." Mudrooroo's writings had placed emphasis on kinship and family links as key features of Aboriginal identity. His rejection of his biological family deeply offended the Aboriginal community. 
The resulting scandal and public debate over issues of authenticity and what constitutes Aboriginal identity led to some subject coordinators removing Mudrooroo's books from academic courses and he later said he was unable to find a publisher for a sequel to his previous novel. However, he was to publish two further novels after the campaign to destroy his writing had pushed him into a position where anything he said or did would be seized upon as somehow proof that he was guilty (see publication list, this page). However, at least someone got to write a book claiming to know the "real" story even though Mudrooroo's silence is mostly misinterpreted and used to promote other versions of how this all happened. Initially, many people came to Mudrooroo's defence, some claiming it was a "white conspiracy" or a racist attack on Aboriginality with some claiming Polglaze's "amateur sleuthing" was being exploited.On 19 July 1996, the Western Australian Genealogical Society certified the Johnson family heritage as "authentic".</ref> Award winning Indigenous author Graeme Dixon called on Mudrooroo to come forward and tell the truth, stressing that it was important to "out" pretenders and reclaim Aboriginal culture. Several authors see evidence in his writings that Mudrooroo deliberately assumed an Aboriginal identity to legitimise his work when in his early 20s, although it remains possible he was unaware. Editor Gerhard Fischer believes that it was Dame Mary Durack who "defined and determined" his Aboriginal identity. In an article published in 1997, Mudrooroo described Durack's foreword to his first novel as the origin of the "re-writing of his body" as Aboriginal. Mudrooroo later replied to his critics, stating that his dark skin meant he was always treated as Aboriginal by society, therefore his life experience was that of an Aborigine.
Sources.
Maureen Clark "Mudrooroo: a likely story : identity and belonging in postcolonial Australia" Peter Lang (publishers) 2007 ISBN 90-5201-356-X
"Mudrooroo: A Critical Study", by Adam Shoemaker (Sydney: Angus & Robertson, 1993);
"Mongrel Signatures, Reflections on the Work of Mudrooroo", ed. By Annalisa Oboe (Cross Cultures 64, Amsterdam-New York, Rodopi, 2003).
"The Work of Mudrooroo: thirty-one years of literary production, 1960–1991: a comprehensive listing of primary materials (including unpublished work) with secondary sources, "compiled by Hugh Webb. Perth, SPAN: Journal of the South Pacific Association for Commonwealth Literature and Language Studies, ed. By Kathryn Trees. Number 33 (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="21531164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531164" title="Qinnguata Kuussua">
Qinnguata Kuussua

Qinnguata Kuussua is a river in a valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland. Its source is a large meltwater outflow from Russell Glacier flowing from the Greenland Ice Sheet. It is the main river in the Kangerlussuaq area. For most of its run, the river is very wide, up to in the upper reaches. The climate is polar continental, with the area receiving very little rainfall.
Geography.
Several meltwater outflow streams from the southern base of the Russell Glacier () form the Qinnguata Kuussua river. The valley is long, oriented east-south-east to west-north-west. From the north it is bounded by an exposed, barren, and flattened ridge of Akuliarusiarsuk. From the south, the river valley is delimited by a sequence of tundra ranges, culminating in Tasersuatsiaap Kinginnera at , and petering out near Kangerlussuaq in the form of a low, wide ridge of Qaarsorsuaq.
The lower part of the valley narrows down in the gorge between Akuliarusiarsuk ridge in the north, and Qaarsorsuaq ridge in the south, which separates the valley from lake Tasersuatsiaq and the Ammalortup Nunaa highland beyond.
Tributaries.
Its main tributary is the Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua river − another, more northerly outflow from Russell Glacier. During the operating years of the American Bluie West Eight base at Kangerlussuaq, the lower part of the river flow past the confluence was referred to as Watson River. The confluence at forms a small sandur basin with large fields of glacial silt quicksand.
Estuary.
The estuary of the river is very narrow, forcing its way through a rock barrier at high speed, discharging silt, which subsequently forms quicksand islet patches at the end of the Kangerlussuaq Fjord.
Floods.
The combined drainage basin of the Qinnguata Kuussua and Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua rivers, including the basin under the ice sheet, is . The river is prone to flooding in the summer, sometimes significantly. On 31 August 2007 one of the temporary meltwater outflow lakes near Russell Glacier broke the ice barrier, emptying into the upper basin of the river, with the latter flooding the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="21531180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531180" title="Bandit (TV series)">
Bandit (TV series)

Bandit was a Welsh language music television show on S4C, produced by Boomerang. It included live performances, videos and interviews and was presented by Huw Stephens, Elis James, Sarra Elgan and Huw Evans. The programme aimed to raise the profile of Welsh-language popular music but also included music from Wales with lyrics in other languages (usually English). The last episode of "Bandit" was broadcast on 28 December 2011, after a decade of being on the air. The special show was presented by Stephens and Evans.
The "Bandit" team also used to organise several gigs each year and the show was considered to be S4C's flagship music programme. Their multiple nominations for BAFTA Cymru awards each year demonstrated the programme's appeal. One of their BAFTAs was won for "Best Title Sequence/Best Motion Graphics"; the attention to detail had also been carried over to their website.

</doc>
<doc id="21531181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531181" title="Aki Sora">
Aki Sora

Plot.
Ever since he was a young child, Sora Aoi had always exchanged words of "I love you" with his attractive older sister Aki. Now, as he comes of age, he finds it much harder to exchange such comforts as they did in those simpler times. When Aki demonstrates her feelings toward him to go beyond a sister's love, Sora finds himself questioning his feelings for his sister. Realizing their affection for one another, they consummate their love in secret. In a society that would never understand, they must now keep their love a secret from their family and everyone they know. However Sora soon finds himself exploring many forms of love with different kinds of women he met that is not accepted by society thus questioning his feelings for his sister.
Media.
Manga.
The "Aki Sora" manga, written by Masahiro Itosugi, was serialized in Akita Shoten's "Champion Red Ichigo" magazine between September 5, 2008 and April 5, 2011. The individual chapters were collected and released by Akita Shoten in six "bound volumes" between December 19, 2008 and May 20, 2011. The first and third volumes will no longer be printed following July 2011 due to the Tokyo Youth Development Ordinance bill due to its depictions of incest.
OVA.
There are two OVA adaptations of "Aki Sora", both produced by Hoods Entertainment, with Takeo Takahashi as director, Jukki Hanada as scriptwriter and Kazuya Kuroda as character designer and chief animation director. The first OVA was released with the third volume of the manga on December 18, 2009.
A second OVA adaptation, titled was released by Pony Canyon in two parts and features a different voice cast from the first OVA. The first part was released on July 30, 2010 and the second part was released on November 17, 2010. Pony Canyon released a Blu-ray of both OVAs on September 19, 2013. The ending theme for this OVA is "Thx!" by Mai Kotouge. Media Blasters has licensed the second OVA under its Anime Works imprint.
Reception.
Chris Beveridge commends OVA for "good character designs, some good eroticism". He further comments "While we get a fair bit of upper body nudity, there’s no genitalia involved for those that are looking for that aspect of it ... it’s not hiding the sex, but it’s also straddling the line in a way to try to appeal to more people while not going all hardcore."

</doc>
<doc id="21531217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531217" title="Lifeguard tower">
Lifeguard tower

Lifeguard towers are used to watch and supervise swimmers in order to prevent drownings and other dangers. Lifeguards scan for trouble from the structures, which vary from beach bungalows by the ocean to poolside towers. Lifeguard towers are also used to spot sharks and other threats. 
The towers have featured in television shows including Baywatch. Their construction is sometimes paid for with fundraisers, and their operation and staffing is subject to funding availability. Design contests have challenged architects to offer their visions of the structures.
In the arts.
Architect Frank Gehry designed a lifeguard tower into a house as part of a remodel in Venice Beach, California in 1985. 
In 1988 a gallery commissioned "14 of the world's best-known architects to design lifeguard towers, those familiar fixtures that protect lifeguards from the elements and provide landmarks to help swimmers remember where they put their towels." The designers included Stanley Tigerman, Michael Graves, Richard Meier, Charles Moore, Aldo Rossi, Hans Hollein, Antoine Predock and Cesar Pelli and were given specifications including 360-degree visibility, vandal-proofing and other requirements as well as a hypothetical budget of $17,000 for their designs. The "superstar" West Coast architects were part of an exhibit of drawings and models of proposals for designer lifeguard towers in 1990.
A similar contest was held in 2004 in Miami Beach with 25 local architects. The contest was organized by Jeremy Calleros Gauger, a graduate student at the University of Miami School of Architecture, and the designs were displayed at the Ocean Beach Auditorium. The winners announced were a functional cube with louvers and a modified surfboard design. A "striking" design called Plank earned an honorable because "there had to be space for a lifeguard to change out of a wet bathing suit."
In popular culture.
A May 21, 2006 Family Guy episode featured Stewie trying to destroy his rival by blowing up the lifeguard tower.

</doc>
<doc id="21531241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531241" title="1953 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1953 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1953 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1953. The team's head football coach was Bill Meek. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium. 1953 saw the Wildcats finish with a record of 6-3-1, and a 4-2 record in Big 7 play, tied for second in the conference. The Wildcats scored 198 points while giving up 116.
Kansas State started the season with a 5-1 record, and made its first appearance in the top 20 of a national ranking system at #18 in the Coaches Poll on October 28, 1953. 1953 was also the first year that Kansas State played on national television, when its game on November 7 against rival Kansas was broadcast on NBC.
The team finished the season leading the NCAA in punt returns (23.8 yards per punt average).

</doc>
<doc id="21531253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531253" title="Ceanothus gloriosus">
Ceanothus gloriosus

Ceanothus gloriosus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Point Reyes ceanothus. It is endemic to California, where it is known from the coastline of the San Francisco Bay Area and areas north and south. It grows on seaside bluffs and the slopes of the coastal mountains. This shrub grows flat and spreading to erect, approaching two meters in maximum size. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged and up to 5 centimeters long, rounded to oval in shape. The edges are toothed, the teeth sometimes spine-tipped. The inflorescence is a small cluster of bright blue to purple flowers. The fruit is a horned capsule about 4 millimeters wide.
There are three varieties of this species:
Cultivation.
The species, varieties, and cultivars are widely grown by the horticulture industry, and used in gardens and native plant landscaping.

</doc>
<doc id="21531255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531255" title="Jane Rogers">
Jane Rogers

Jane Rogers (born 21 July 1952) is a British novelist, editor, scriptwriter, lecturer, and teacher. She is best known for her novels "Mr. Wroe's Virgins" and "The Voyage Home". In 1994 Rogers was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.
Her latest novel, "The Testament of Jessie Lamb" was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and won the Arthur C. Clarke Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21531341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531341" title="Dennis Hoey">
Dennis Hoey

Dennis Hoey (30 March 1893 – 25 July 1960) was a British film and stage actor, best known for playing Inspector Lestrade in six films of Universal's Sherlock Holmes series.
Life and career.
Hoey is best known for playing Inspector Lestrade in six Universal's Sherlock Holmes series. Hoey also portrayed the Master of Harrow in "The Foxes of Harrow" and appeared in "Tarzan and the Leopard Woman".
After a career as a singer, Hoey moved to acting on the stage in 1918 and later to films. In 1931, he moved to the United States and began appearing in Hollywood films. He also played Mr. Rochester opposite Katharine Hepburn in the American production of Helen Jerome's stage adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
Issue No. 45 of "Films of the Golden Age" magazine features an interview with Hoey's son Michael A. Hoey, who extensively discusses Dennis Hoey's early life, career, marriages and death. In his book, "Elvis, Sherlock and Me: How I Survived Growing Up in Hollywood" (Bear Manor Media-2007) he discusses his father's career and their sometimes turbulent relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="21531352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531352" title="Gaetz">
Gaetz

Gaetz is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21531363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531363" title="Purus red howler">
Purus red howler

The Purús red howler ("Alouatta puruensis") is a species of howler monkey native to Brazil and Peru.
Subspecies.
The subspecies include:

</doc>
<doc id="21531369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531369" title="First Federal Bank of California">
First Federal Bank of California

The First Federal Bank of California was a community bank founded in 1929, and encompassed most of Southern California. As of 2009, it operated approximately thirty-nine branches.
First Federal Bank, which offered both personal and business financial services, was a wholly owned subsidiary of First Fed Financial Corp. The banks financial goals were to retain superior quality, staying at the forefront of technology and focusing on organic growth and profitability.
On Friday, December 18, 2009, First Federal Bank of California, a Federal Savings Bank (First Federal Bank of California), Santa Monica, CA was closed by the Office of Thrift Supervision. Subsequently, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was named Receiver. All deposit accounts were transferred to OneWest Bank, FSB, Pasadena, CA. All 39 of its branches reopened as branches of OneWest.
History.
First Federal Bank of California was founded in 1929, and later became an institution called First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Santa Monica.
In 1983, they diversified to offer full-service personal and business banking, including but notwithstanding wealth management and trust services. In 1987, they listed on the New York Stock Exchange as (symbol: FED). Subsequently, in 1989, they changed their name from "First Federal Savings Bank" to "First Federal Bank of California" to reflect the California marketplace. 
On December 18, 2009, First Federal Bank of California was closed by the Office of Thrift Supervision. The assets and deposits of Federal Bank of California in Santa Monica were bought by closely held OneWest Bank. As of December 2010, the FDIC estimates the failure of First Federal Bank of California will cost the deposit insurance fund $10.0 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21531408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531408" title="99th Dream">
99th Dream

99th Dream is the fourth and final studio album by the British alternative rock band Swervedriver.

</doc>
<doc id="21531443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531443" title="I'm So Afraid">
I'm So Afraid

"I'm So Afraid" is a song written by Lindsey Buckingham for the British/American rock band Fleetwood Mac's tenth album, "Fleetwood Mac".
Background.
The final track of the album, it was released as the B-side to the song "Over My Head". It was a hard rock song, quite atypical of Fleetwood Mac's songs (at least following the Peter Green era), but it quickly became a live staple, appearing as the concert finale to nearly all of their tours, often in a greatly extended form. It appeared on all live albums recorded after its release, with the longest version (on the album "") clocking in at 9:39, making it the longest officially released version of a Fleetwood Mac song following the Peter Green era, and the fourth longest overall. The live edition from "The Dance" was released in an edited form on US and 2009 release of the greatest hits compilation album "The Very Best of Fleetwood Mac".
Buckingham also includes the song in his solo live performances, as well releasing versions on solo live albums "Live at the Bass Performance Hall", "" and "One Man Show". The song deals with themes of fear and paranoia.
This song is also featured in Fleetwood Mac's double live album released December 8, 1980.
Structure.
The studio version of the song is in g natural minor, but live versions are usually in f natural minor. On recent tours the song has been played in D minor.

</doc>
<doc id="21531453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531453" title="Billy Leeds">
Billy Leeds

William 'Billy' Leeds (born 4 April 1880) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Leeds, who could play both forward and down back, had his first season for Carlton in 1903 but then retired to pursue an umpiring career. After officiating in two games early in the 1904 VFL season, Carlton lured him back to the club to fill a gap left by injuries and he starred from the half back flank in their Semi Final win over Essendon. He also played in their losing Grand Final that year which makes him the only league footballer to umpire a match and appear in a Grand Final in the same season.

</doc>
<doc id="21531464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531464" title="Lithraea caustica">
Lithraea caustica

Lithraea caustica is a species of flowering plants in the soapberry family Anacardiaceae. This plant occurs in central Chile; an example occurrence is in the area of La Campana National Park and Cerro La Campana. The tree is a well known allergenic and can cause a rash of the skin, the effects and susceptibility of which can vary greatly from person to person.
Metabolism.
"Lithraea caustica" has been studied for diurnal variation in photosynthetic function in various seasons. In early summer the photosynthetic peak occurs relatively soon in the morning and declines steadily the remainder of the day; whereas, in late summer there is a morning peak, midday low and a late afternoon peak.

</doc>
<doc id="21531483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531483" title="Eileen Hall">
Eileen Hall

Eileen Hall was an American poet. She was a friend of Ford Madox Ford's. and her first collection - "The Fountain and the Bough" (1938) - is dedicated to him. After the marriage she was also known as Eileen Lake and Eileen Hall Lake.
Hall was born in Antigua; her father's family was from Oxford and her mother's family was part French and part Irish, the French side having been in the West Indies since the mid seventeenth century.
Hall travelled to Paris with her friend the painter Janice Biala. Hall's friend Willard Trask invited both women to one of Ford Madox Ford's regular Thursday afternoon salons. Ford and Biala fell in love, and stayed together until Ford's death in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="21531501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531501" title="Arnold Schering">
Arnold Schering

Arnold Schering (born April 2, 1877 in Breslau, Germany; died March 7, 1941 in Berlin, Germany) was a German musicologist.
He grew up in Dresden as the son of an art publisher. He learned violin at the Annengymnasium from which he graduated in 1896. Thereafter he studied violin at the Berlin School of Music under Joseph Joachim. From 1898 until 1902 he studied music in Berlin and Leipzig and wrote his dissertation on the instrumental concertos of Antonio Vivaldi (in German, "Geschichte des Instrumentalkonzertes bei Antonio Vivaldi") and this work was influential in resurrecting the music of this composer. In 1907 he made his habilitation and was made a professor of music in 1915. In 1920 Schering gathered evidence that composer Johann Sebastian Bach usually used 12 singers in his cantatas and other vocal works. This insight eventually became influential in the early music movement. From 1928 onward he taught as a professor of musicology in Berlin.
After the Nazis rose to power, Schering became a member of the National Socialist Teachers League and the executive council of the Reichsmusikkammer. Until 1936 he served as president of the German Society for Musicology (until 1933 the German Music Society), which was transformed according to Nazi principles: "The employment of young Nazis was encouraged, but Alfred Einstein (1880-1952) was forced to resign from the editorship of the "Journal of Musicology", which he had led since its first appearance in 1918. The "Führerprinzip" followed, especially in 1936 or 1937 under Ludwig Schiedermair (1876–1957), who succeeded him as president".
In January 1934, Schering delivered a lecture at the "German Society for Education" about "The Germanic in German music" In the same year appeared his book "Beethoven in a New Interpretation" in which he parallels in the works of Beethoven scenes from Shakespeare's plays, and where Schering put forward the bold claim that this formal design along the line of Shakespeare scenes was intentional. Also in the same year he wrote an article in the Journal for Musicology where he characterized Beethoven's famous 5th symphony as a "Symphony of National Rising," much in the sense of the rising of the National Socialist regime. Finally in 1936, he wrote in "Beethoven and Poetry," If a brutal, sensual, and to us, racially-foreign music threatens to alienate us from the insoluble relationship between high music and high art, it is in Beethoven we can once again make a new ideal covenant."
In August 1940 he took leave from his work due to illness. He died the following year and was buried in the Friedhof Heerstraße. The location of his grave is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="21531505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531505" title="Wonsam">
Wonsam

The wonsam is a female ceremonial topcoat in "hanbok", Korean traditional clothing. It was worn by queens, high-ranking court ladies, and royalty during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392-1910). It is also called 'daeui' (大衣, big clothing), 'daesu' (大袖, wide sleeves) and 'jangsam' (長衫, long clothing). The queen, princess consort, and consort to the first son of the crown prince wore it as a "soryebok", a robe for small ceremonies, while wives of high officers and "sanggung" (court matrons) wore it as "daeryebok", a robe for major ceremonies.
The color and decorations of the garment around the chest, shoulders and back represent the wearer's rank. For example, the color yellow was used for the wonsam of empresses, red for queens, "jajeok" (紫赤 "magenta") for concubines and princess consorts, and green for princesses and women of the noble "yangban" class. Commoners were allowed to wear the green wonsam only for their wedding ceremony.
Varieties of silk were used as the fabric. Wonsam for winter were made with "dan" (緞), a thick silk with a glossy surface formed with a satin weave, and wonsam for summer were made with "sa" (紗), a loosely woven silk.
Unlike the "po", an indigenous Korean overcoat with narrow sleeves, the wonsam was based on an overcoat with broad sleeves of the Chinese Tang Dynasty. The Chinese clothing system was introduced to Korea when King Munmu, the 30th king of the Silla Kingdom, reformed women’s clothing in 664 AD. As an adaptation from the original model, the wonsam gradually evolved into a distinctive form characteristic of traditional Korean clothing.
Today the wonsam is worn primarily in representations of Joseon royal ceremonies and as a wedding garment, and in a much simplified version when performing traditional Korean dances.

</doc>
<doc id="21531536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531536" title="Marc Nelson (actor)">
Marc Nelson (actor)

Marc Saw Nelson (born 14 February in Sydney, Australia), better known as Marc Nelson, is a television host and model mostly credited for being one of Philippine television's most visible and prominent personalities. He appears on several television shows: Sports Unlimited on ABS-CBN, The Duke with Rovilson Fernandez in AXN Asia, and Dare Duo (also with Rovilson) on QTV 11.
Personal life.
His mom has Anglo-Burmese blood, born in Scotland and raised in Burma and Thailand; while his father is of Burmese Chinese origin but migrated to Australia. Nelson was formerly linked to Priscilla Meirelles, where he was the host/presenter of Miss Earth 2004, Priscilla's winning pageant.
The Amazing Race Asia 2.
Nelson and his "best buddy", Rovilson Fernandez are most noted for competing in the AXN reality show, The Amazing Race Asia 2. They hold the record for the most consecutive leg placing, finishing 1st from leg 2 to leg 8 & leg 11.
They finished in 3rd Place in Singapore, after Rovilson faltered at the final task, which is a roadblock, despite being the first to commence the task. It involves arranging of flags of the countries they had visited.

</doc>
<doc id="21531548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531548" title="1925 Dayton Triangles season">
1925 Dayton Triangles season

The 1925 Dayton Triangles season was their sixth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 2–6, losing seven games. They tied for sixteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21531549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531549" title="Return on investment">
Return on investment

Return on investment (ROI) is the concept of an investment of some resource yielding a benefit to the investor. A high ROI means the investment gains compare favorably to investment cost. As a performance measure, ROI is used to evaluate the efficiency of an investment or to compare the efficiency of a number of different investments. In purely economic terms, it is one way of considering profits in relation to capital invested.
Purpose.
In business, the purpose of the "return on investment" (ROI) metric is to measure, per period, rates of return on money invested in an economic entity in order to decide whether or not to undertake an investment. It is also used as indicator to compare different project investments within a project portfolio. The project with best ROI is prioritized.
ROI and related metrics provide a snapshot of profitability, adjusted for the size of the investment assets tied up in the enterprise. ROI is often compared to expected (or required) rates of return on money invested. ROI is not Net Present Value adjusted and most school books describe it with a "Year 0" investment and two to three years income.
Marketing decisions have obvious potential connection to the numerator of ROI (profits), but these same decisions often influence assets usage and capital requirements (for example, receivables and inventories). Marketers should understand the position of their company and the returns expected.
In a survey of nearly 200 senior marketing managers, 77 percent responded that they found the "return on investment" metric very useful.
Return on investment may be calculated in terms other than financial gain. For example, social return on investment (SROI) is a principles-based method for measuring extra-financial value (i.e., environmental and social value not currently reflected in conventional financial accounts) relative to resources invested. It can be used by any entity to evaluate impact on stakeholders, identify ways to improve performance, and enhance the performance of investments.
Risk with ROI usage.
As a decision tool it is simple to understand. The simplicity of the formula allows to freely choose variables e.g., length of the calculation time, if overhead cost should be included, or details such as what variables are used to calculate income or cost components. To use ROI as an indicator for prioritizing investment projects is risky, since usually little is defined together with the ROI figure that explains what is making up the figure.
When long term investments take place, the need for Net Present Value adjustment is high. Similar to Discounted Cash Flow you should use Discounted ROI instead.
Calculation.
For a single-period review, divide the return (net profit) by the resources that were committed (investment):
Net profit=gross profit-expenses.
investment=stock+market outstanding+claims.
or
Example.
UK parents have to pay $464,941 for the education of children until 18 years old *. There is no law in the UK or any program that guarantees a job or income for persons graduating from school. If a college graduate can't find a job, the return on investment is calculated this way:
Now, if we build on the scenario and take a nurse salary in the UK, $36,000/yr, we deduct from it the minimum wage ($20,000/yr earned anyhow without education), we obtain $16,000/yr. Applying the formula above, we calculate the years needed to get a return on investment of 1 (100% of money returned): 
The government, luckily, gives money in the form of loans and bursaries. While this alleviates part of the burden on students, it doesn't solve the riddle for the government itself. Government investment still needs to be justified. 
As an exercise, try to calculate it on his behalf. What would be the return on investment for an engineer who is considering enrolling into a masters degree? Do we have what it takes to do the calculations? Is government spending in such programs justified? Each of the student and government invest in education and each needs to measurably return his investment.
Property purchase.
Complications in calculating ROI can occur when real property is refinanced, or a second mortgage is taken out. Interest on a second, or refinanced, loan may increase, and loan fees may be charged, both of which can reduce the ROI, when the new numbers are used in the ROI equation. There may also be an increase in maintenance costs and property taxes, and an increase in utility rates if the owner of a residential rental or commercial property pays these expenses. 
Complex calculations may also be required for property bought with an adjustable rate mortgage (ARM) with a variable escalating rate charged annually through the duration of the loan. (To know more about ARM, check out: Mortgages: Fixed-Rate Versus Adjustable-Rate.)
Marketing investment.
Marketing not only influences net profits but also can affect investment levels too. New plants and equipment, inventories, and accounts receivable are three of the main categories of investments that can be affected by marketing decisions.
See also.
RoA, RoNA, RoC, and RoIC, in particular, are similar measures with variations on how 'investment' is defined.

</doc>
<doc id="21531550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531550" title="Cape Découverte">
Cape Découverte

Cape Découverte or Cape Discovery () is the point of rocks which marks the northwest extremity of the Curzon Islands along the Adélie Coast. It was discovered on January 21, 1840 by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1837–40, under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville who gave the name "Cap de la Decouverte" (cape of the discovery). It was the first rocky point of the coast seen by members of the expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="21531552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531552" title="Moses Amweelo">
Moses Amweelo

Moses Amweelo (born 25 May 1952 in Okatana, Oshana Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of SWAPO, Amweelo has been a member of the National Assembly since 2000 and the Minister of Works, Transport and Communication from 2000-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21531556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531556" title="The Answer (short story)">
The Answer (short story)

"The Answer" is a science fiction short story written by H. Beam Piper. It is not a part of either Piper’s Terro-Human Future History series nor his Paratime series.
It made its first appearance in the December 1959 issue of "Fantastic Universe Science Fiction".
Synopsis.
It is 1984, fifteen years since the nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union devastated the entire northern half of the planet Earth, and now nuclear scientists Professor Doctor Lee Richardson and Comrade Professor Alexis Petrovitch Pitov are working together on a project in Argentina. During their research, they have created fifteen kilograms of negamatter iron, and they are going to drop it from space to see what happens. 
The resulting explosion has a very distinctive signature, and Dr. Richardson realizes that that signature is the same as the one that occurred at Auburn, New York. The American government had assumed that the explosion was the result of a premeditated attack by the Soviets, and had retaliated, resulting in a general exchange of nuclear weapons. During the course of analyzing the Argentinean explosion Dr. Richardson realizes that the “Auburn Bomb” was not a bomb after all, but a negamatter meteor.

</doc>
<doc id="21531572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531572" title="Maranhão red-handed howler">
Maranhão red-handed howler

The Maranhão red-handed howler ("Alouatta ululata") is an endangered species of howler monkey endemic to forests (for example Babaçu forests) in the northeastern Brazilian states of Ceará, Maranhão and Piauí. It was previously thought to be a subspecies of the red-handed howler, but unlike that species, the Maranhão red-handed howler is strongly sexually dichromatic.

</doc>
<doc id="21531597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531597" title="Natascha Hagen">
Natascha Hagen

Natascha Hagen is a singer and songwriter from Austria.
Career.
Natascha's artistic development began with absorbing as much knowledge around the world as she could (courses at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute (New York), Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts, private singing (Speech Level Singing), dancing and acting classes.)
She lived for a few years in Barcelona, where she released various successful singles, which were licensed in several countries. Her biggest hit was the song "You & You", which was aired for a perfume TV-commercial and climbed the Spanish charts up to number two. The song was remixed by producers for record companies, such as, Todd Terry's label "Warlock Records" (U.S.A.).
She co-wrote most of her released songs and also wrote songs for other artists, such as Gisela, which earned her double platinum as a songwriter.
In 2010 her song "Never Let You Down" was a finalist in the category Pop in the "Song of the Year" Songwriting competition with judges like Randy Jackson, Gene Simmons, Rihanna, Willie Nelson and Kelly Clarkson, and in 2011 she was a winner of an honorable award in the USA Songwriting Competition for "Chicki Chicki Boom".
Recently Korean female superstar "Kim Bo Kyung" released her mini-album "GroWing", where Natascha co-wrote the song "Without you", which was also released as a single.
Now Hagen is working on the release of new songs as an artist.
Music nominations.
Calling you: SGAE and AIE nomination for best song in the field of "Other musical categories"

</doc>
<doc id="21531617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531617" title="Massacre of Mullaghmast">
Massacre of Mullaghmast

The Massacre of Mullaghmast () refers to a summary execution of Irish chieftains by the English Army in Ireland. It probably occurred at the end of the year 1577. There is limited surviving documentation on the massacre, although documents have recently been made available at the National Library of Ireland.
Background.
Francis Cosby, a soldier, and Robert Hartpole, a colonist, were both Englishmen who were granted land in the plantation of Leix (formally known as the Queen's county) in Ireland. The men befriended the native Irish, but in conjunction with the Lord deputy in Ireland plotted to kill the local Chieftains, two of whom were high-powered Ulstermen. With the help of the Lord Deputy of Ireland, they summoned 100-400 of the members of the leading families of Laois to Mullaghmast in County Kildare to perform military service. Most of these people were slaughtered, some burned at the stake.
An account of the massacre:

</doc>
<doc id="21531634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531634" title="Drosera aberrans">
Drosera aberrans

Drosera aberrans is a perennial tuberous species in the genus "Drosera" that is native to New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria. It grows in a rosette 3 to 5 cm in diameter with green, orange-yellow, or red leaves. It is native to southern inland South Australia, southern and central Victoria, and one single collection from New South Wales. It grows in a variety of soils from sand to laterite gravel and limestone clay in mallee woodland, heathland, and open forests. It flowers from July to September.
It was perhaps first illustrated by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1879, which he identified as "Drosera whitackeri" , though Allen Lowrie and John Godfrey Conran note that this could represent artistic license and may not have been drawn from an actual specimen. Lowrie and Sherwin Carlquist first formally described this taxon in 1992 as a subspecies of "Drosera whittakeri". Lowrie and Conran reviewed the specimens of "D. whittakeri" in 2008 and elevated subsp. "aberrans" to species rank based on the colony-forming morphology of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="21531636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531636" title="Curzon Islands">
Curzon Islands

The Curzon Islands () are a small group of rocky islands lying close off Cape Découverte, Adélie Coast. They were probably sighted in January 1840 by a French expedition under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville, though not identified as islands on d'Urville's maps. The islands were roughly charted in 1912 by Captain J.K. Davis of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition ship "Aurora" and named by Mawson for Lord Curzon, the President of the Royal Geographical Society, 1911–14. The islands were mapped in detail by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1950–52.

</doc>
<doc id="21531637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531637" title="Ingeborg Holm">
Ingeborg Holm

Ingeborg Holm () is a 1913 Swedish social drama film directed by Victor Sjöström, based on a 1906 play by Nils Krok. It has been called "the first realistic feature film". It caused great debate in Sweden about social security, which led to changes in the poorhouse laws. It is said to be based on a true story.
Synopsis.
Sven Holm and his wife Ingeborg are happily married with three children, and are about to open a shop in Stockholm. They open the shop, but Sven contracts tuberculosis and dies. Ingeborg initially tries to run the shop by herself, but when she fails and develops a debilitating ulcer, she turns to the poorhouse for help. The poorhouse board does not grant her enough assistance to survive outside the workhouse. She has to sell the shop, her house, and board the three children out to foster families.
After some time, Ingeborg reads in a letter that her daughter, Valborg, is sick. The poorhouse can't finance a visit, but the determined Ingeborg escapes at night and, after being chased by police, gets to see the child. When she returns to the poorhouse, the manager is furious that they must pay a fine for the trouble she caused.
Later on, Ingeborg is offered a chance to see her youngest son, this time with the poorhouse's approval. When the child doesn't recognize her, she is devastated. She tries to make a doll from her scarf and play with it, but the baby cries and turns to the foster mother.
This hits Ingeborg so hard that she loses her sanity. She is relegated to the insane women's ward of the workhouse, cradling a plank of wood as if her own child. After fifteen years, her oldest son, Erik, now a sailor, visits her without any knowledge of his mother's psychosis. He becomes desperate when Ingeborg doesn't recognize him—but when he shows her a youthful photograph of herself, which features the inscription "To Erik from mother," her sanity returns. With the return of her family comes the return of Ingeborg's self.

</doc>
<doc id="21531642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531642" title="George Hemphill">
George Hemphill

George Hemphill (Born 1951, Anderson, South Carolina) is an American art curator and dealer. Hemphill is a founding member of the board of directors for the District of Columbia Arts Center, as well as a founding member of the board of directors of FotoWeek DC. He served as vice-chair on the board of the Washington Project for the Arts and is a member of the Board of Directors for The Association of International Photography Art Dealers. He was also the Curator of Photography for the Middendorf Gallery in Washington D.C. He has edited and published several publications on art and photography, including Man Ray's "Paris Portraits: 1921-39", William Christenberry: W/P, and "Joseph Mills: Inner City".

</doc>
<doc id="21531666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531666" title="Bob Boyle (footballer)">
Bob Boyle (footballer)

Robert 'Bob' Boyle (7 December 1876 - 10 September 1927) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Boyle, a half back flanker in North Melbourne's 1903 VFA premiership team, was used as a centreman during his time at Carlton. In was in that position that he appeared in their 1904 Grand Final loss and after losing his place in the side just one match into the 1906 season, thus missing out on that year's premiership, Boyle retired and took up umpiring.
He officiated in 59 VFL matches as a field umpire and 15 matches as a boundary umpire from 1907 to 1917. He was appointed to the 1916 VFL Grand Final on the boundary but chose to field umpire the final of the Ariah Park Association. He was replaced on the boundary by Bill Roy. Boyle was one of the umpires at the 1908 Melbourne Carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="21531672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531672" title="Moira Orfei">
Moira Orfei

Moira Orfei, (aka Miranda Orfei), (b. 21 December 1931 Codroipo) a popular Italian actress and television personality. Moira is considered the queen of the Italian circus.
Biography.
Raised in a family who owned the circus company "Circus Orfei", Moira became the symbol of circus in Italy and attained international fame. The "Circus Moira Orfei" itself was founded in 1960. Moira has been photographed in various scenes as a rider, trapeze artist, acrobat, dominatrice of elephants and trainer of doves.
Moira's excessively garish image mirrors her eccentric and exuberant personality. It was Dino De Laurentiis who suggested that she change her name from Miranda to Moira. From then on, Moira's face became an effigy of unchanging characteristics: heavy make-up with eyes coated with eyeliner, bright lipstick, an accentuated mole above the lip, hair tied in a turban. Promotional billboards were carpeted with this picture in every city that the circus stopped. As a result, Moira has become one of the most recognized faces in Italy.
Almost by chance, Moira also became a film actress, acting in over forty films, from comedies to Sword and sandal films (among which many Italian crime films). It has been said that if Moira had studied drama she could have been good as Sophia Loren.
Moira's parents were Riccardo Orfei and Violetta Arata. She married Walter Nones and they had two children Stefano Orfei and Lara Orfei.
On 4 August 2006 Moira Orfei had an Ischemic stroke during a show in Gioiosa Ionica. The artist is still under medical care.

</doc>
<doc id="21531720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531720" title="General remarks, geographical and systematical, on the botany of Terra Australis">
General remarks, geographical and systematical, on the botany of Terra Australis

General remarks, geographical and systematical, on the botany of Terra Australis is an 1814 paper written by Robert Brown on the botany of Australia. It is significant as an early treatment of the biogeography and floristics of the flora of Australia; for its contributions to plant systematics, including the erection of eleven currently accepted families; and for its presentation of a number of important observations on flower morphology.
Background.
Brown had been botanist during Matthew Flinders' 1801–02 circumnavigation of Australia, and on returning in England in 1805 he was charged with publishing a flora of the continent. In 1810 he published the first volume of a Latin flora, "Prodromus florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen", but this suffered from very poor sales, and Brown abandoned plans to produce further volumes. The following year Flinders began preparing his account of the voyage, and Brown was invited to contribute a botanical appendix. Brown took the opportunity to include numerous observations that must once have been intended for a second volume of his "Prodromus".
Content.
"General remarks" was published as Appendix III of Matthew Flinders' "A Voyage to Terra Australis", and also simultaneously issued as an offprint with separate pagination.
The paper begins with a brief summary of the voyage, followed by an acknowledgement of the specimen collections to which Brown was given access prior to the voyage. Brown then presents a broad summary of the floristics of the continent, noting that the proportion of dicotyledons is much smaller than would be expected in such a climate and latitude.
It then provides a systematic arrangement of the Australian plants, broadly following the system presented by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in his 1813 "Théorie élémentaire de la botanique". Thirteen new families are erected, of which eleven remain current today. These are: Celastraceae, Casuarinaceae, Combretaceae, Cunoniaceae, Haloragidaceae, Hypoxidaceae, Loganiaceae, Pittosporaceae and Rhizophoraceae. He also divided Leguminosae (or Fabaceae, the legume family) into three; although Leguminosae has been restored, Brown had recognised what is now viewed as the fundamental division of the family, and his three families are retained as the Leguminosae subfamilies Caesalpinioideae, Mimosoideae and Faboideae.
Throughout the paper, Brown makes morphological observations that have since been described by David Mabberley as "all brilliant and thought-provoking". These include the first explanation of the unusual construction of the "flower" (actually a pseudanthium) of "Euphorbia"; an explanation of the construction of the flowers of "Eucalyptus"; and observations on the venation of the petals of Asteraceae. He also expands on previous remarks on the fruits of conifers, and explains in detail his previous decision to separate the Poaceae into what are now Pooideae and Panicoideae.
The paper concludes with comments on the vegetation and floristics of Australia, including comparisons with other continents. There is an interesting historical footnote in Brown's use of the term "Australian" throughout the paper. Although the word "Australia" had been used on occasion, this is the first known use of the adjectival form.
Reception.
There is little information available on how the paper was received, but in an 1890 eulogy on Brown, Joseph Dalton Hooker remarked that the paper was 
Publication history.
This work has appeared in the following publications:

</doc>
<doc id="21531751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531751" title="West Tennessee Railroad">
West Tennessee Railroad

The West Tennessee Railroad is a shortline railroad in the Southern U.S., connecting Corinth, Mississippi to Fulton, Kentucky via western Tennessee. The company began operating in 1984 on a part of the former Mobile and Ohio Railroad (M&O) main line between Jackson and Kenton, Tennessee. It significantly expanded operations in 2001 through the lease, from the Norfolk Southern Railway, of the ex-M&O south to Corinth and a former main line of the Illinois Central Railroad (IC) north to Fulton, as well as a branch from Jackson to Poplar Corner (ex-Birmingham and Northwestern Railway, acquired by the Gulf, Mobile and Northern Railroad in 1924). All of these lines were part of the Illinois Central Gulf Railroad (ICG) prior to its 1980s program of spin-offs, during which Gibson County purchased the Jackson-Kenton line and the Southern Railway acquired the Corinth-Fulton line and Poplar Corner branch.
The company is under common control with the South Central Tennessee Railroad and the Tennken Railroad. Its main line is planned to be upgraded as part of the MidAmerica Corridor, an initiative by the Canadian National Railway and Norfolk Southern Railway to improve rail service between Illinois and the Southeast.
History.
The Mobile and Ohio Railroad completed a line between Mobile, Alabama and Columbus, Kentucky in 1861, and the Mississippi Central Railroad, an Illinois Central Railroad predecessor, completed its north-south line between New Orleans, Louisiana and Cairo, Illinois in 1873. The Birmingham and Northwestern Railway opened a line between Jackson, where the M&O and IC lines crossed, and Dyersburg in 1912 and was purchased by the Gulf, Mobile and Northern Railroad in 1924. Through mergers, all of these lines became part of the Illinois Central Gulf Railroad in 1972.
The Gibson County Railroad Authority acquired the line between Jackson and Kenton in August 1984, and the new West Tennessee Railroad began operations in October. The Southern Railway bought the Corinth-Jackson-Fulton and Jackson-Poplar Corner lines from the ICG in June 1988, and in 2001 the Norfolk Southern Railway, successor to the Southern, leased them to WTNN. (The Southern also acquired the ICG's line southeast to Haleyville, Alabama, and trackage rights from Fulton north to Centralia, Illinois, and NS sold the former, where not abandoned, to the Redmont Railway in 1995.)
Today the WTNN still runs trains nearly daily which serves many industries and delivers freight traffic from the CN railroad and NS railroad. It is also running NS Railroad coal trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21531764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531764" title="New England">
New England

New England is a region in the northeastern corner of the United States consisting of the six states of Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. New England is bordered by New York State to the west, Long Island Sound to the south, the Atlantic Ocean, the Canadian province of New Brunswick to the east, and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north.
In one of the earliest English settlements in North America, Pilgrims from England first settled in New England in 1620, to form Plymouth Colony. Ten years later, the Puritans settled north of Plymouth Colony in Boston, thus forming Massachusetts Bay Colony. Over the next 126 years, New England fought in four French and Indian Wars, until the British defeated the French and their native allies in North America.
In the late 18th century, the New England Colonies initiated the resistance to the British Parliament's efforts to impose new taxes without the consent of the colonists. The Boston Tea Party was a protest to which Great Britain responded with a series of punitive laws stripping Massachusetts of self-government, which were termed the "Intolerable Acts" by the colonists. The confrontation led to open warfare in 1775, the expulsion of the British authorities from New England in spring 1776, and the Declaration of Independence in July 1776.
Some of the first movements of American literature, philosophy, and education originated in New England. The region played a prominent role in the movement to abolish slavery, and was the first region of the United States transformed by the Industrial Revolution. Today, New England is a major world center of education, high technology, insurance, and medicine. Boston is its cultural, financial, educational, medical, and transportation center.
Each state is principally subdivided into small incorporated municipalities known as towns, which are often governed by town meetings. The only unincorporated area in New England exists in the sparse, northern regions of Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine. Since 1970, voters have more often supported liberal candidates at the state and federal level than those of any other region in the United States.
New England is the only one of the United States Census Bureau's nine regional divisions whose name does not derive from its geography and it is the only multi-state region with clear, consistent boundaries. It maintains a strong sense of cultural identity set apart from the rest of the country, although the terms of this identity are often contested, combining Puritanism with liberalism, agrarian life with industry, and isolation with immigration.
History.
Eastern Algonquian peoples.
The earliest known inhabitants of New England were American Indians who spoke a variety of the Eastern Algonquian languages. Prominent tribes included the Abenaki, Penobscot, Pequot, Mohegans, Narragansett Indians, Pocumtuck, and Wampanoag. Prior to the arrival of Europeans, the Western Abenakis inhabited New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont, as well as parts of Quebec and western Maine. Their principal town was Norridgewock, in present-day Maine.
The Penobscot lived along the Penobscot River in Maine. The Wampanoag occupied southeastern Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and the islands of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket. The Pocumtucks lived in Western Massachusetts, and the Mohegan and Pequot tribes in the Connecticut region. The Connecticut River Valley, which includes parts of Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Connecticut, linked different indigenous communities culturally, linguistically, and politically.
As early as 1600, French, Dutch, and English traders, exploring the New World, began to trade metal, glass, and cloth for local beaver pelts.
Colonial Period.
The Virginia Companies.
On April 10, 1606, King James I of England issued a charter for each of the Virginia Companies, London and Plymouth. These were privately funded ventures, intended to claim land for England, trade, and return a profit. In 1620, Plymouth in Massachusetts was settled by Pilgrims from the "Mayflower", beginning the history of permanent European settlement in New England.
Plymouth Council for New England.
In 1616, English explorer John Smith named the region "New England". The name was officially sanctioned on November 3, 1620, when the charter of the Virginia Company of Plymouth was replaced by a royal charter for the Plymouth Council for New England, a joint-stock company established to colonize and govern the region. As the first colonists arrived in Plymouth, they wrote and signed the Mayflower Compact, their first governing document. The Massachusetts Bay Colony, which would come to dominate the area, was established by royal charter in 1629 with its major town and port of Boston established in 1630.
Massachusetts Puritans began to settle in Connecticut as early as 1633. Roger Williams, banished from Massachusetts for heresy, led a group south, and founded Providence, in the area that later became the state of Rhode Island, in 1636. At this time, Vermont was yet unsettled, and the territories of New Hampshire and Maine were claimed and governed by Massachusetts.
French and Indian Wars.
Relationships between colonists and Native Americans alternated between peace and armed skirmishes, the bloodiest of which was the Pequot War in 1643, which resulted in the Mystic massacre. On May 19, 1643, the colonies of Massachusetts Bay, Plymouth, New Haven, and Connecticut joined together in a loose compact called the New England Confederation (officially "The United Colonies of New England"). The confederation was designed largely to coordinate mutual defense, and gained some importance during King Philip's War. From June of 1675 through April of 1678, King Philip's War pitted the colonists and their Native American allies against a widespread Native American uprising, resulting in killings and massacres on both sides.
During the next seventy-four years, there were six colonial wars that took place primarily between New England and New France (see the French and Indian Wars as well as Father Rale's War and Father Le Loutre's War). Throughout these wars, New England was allied with the Iroquois Confederacy and New France was allied with the Wabanaki Confederacy. After the New England Conquest of Acadia in 1710, mainland Nova Scotia was under the control of New England, but both present-day New Brunswick and virtually all of present-day Maine remained contested territory between New England and New France. After the British won the war in 1763, the Connecticut River Valley was opened for British settlement into western New Hampshire and what is today Vermont.
The New England colonies were settled largely by farmers, who became relatively self-sufficient. Later, aided by the Puritan work ethic, New England's economy began to focus on crafts and trade, in contrast to the Southern colonies, which focused on agricultural production while importing finished goods from England.
Dominion of New England.
By 1686, King James II had become concerned about the increasingly independent ways of the colonies, including their self-governing charters, their open flouting of the Navigation Acts, and their growing military power. He therefore established the Dominion of New England, an administrative union comprising all of the New England colonies. In 1688, the former Dutch colonies of New York and were added to the Dominion. The union, imposed from the outside and contrary to the rooted democratic tradition of the region, was highly unpopular among the colonists.
The Dominion significantly modified the charters of the colonies, including the appointment of Royal Governors to nearly all of them. There was an uneasy tension between the Royal Governors, their officers, and the elected governing bodies of the colonies. The governors wanted unlimited authority, and the different layers of locally elected officials would often resist them. In most cases, the local town governments continued operating as self-governing bodies, just as they had before the appointment of the governors.
After the Glorious Revolution in 1689, Bostonians overthrew the royal governor, Sir Edmund Andros. They seized dominion officials and adherents to the Church of England during a popular and bloodless uprising. These tensions eventually culminated in the American Revolution, boiling over with the outbreak of the War of American Independence in 1775. The first battles of the war were fought in Lexington and Concord, Massachusetts, later leading to the Siege of Boston by continental troops. In March of 1776, British forces were compelled to retreat from Boston.
New England in the new nation.
Postrevolutionary New England.
After the War of Independence, New England ceased to be a meaningful political unit, but remained a defined cultural region consisting of its now-sovereign constituent states. By 1784, all of the states in the region had taken steps towards the abolition of slavery, with Vermont and Massachusetts introducing total abolition in 1777 and 1783, respectively.
During the War of 1812, there was a movement within New England for secession from the United States as New England merchants, only beginning to recover, opposed war with their greatest trading partner—Great Britain. Delegates met in the Hartford Convention in the winter of 1814–15. The twenty-seven delegates met to discuss changes to the U.S. Constitution to protect the region's interests and maintain its political power, feeling used as pawns in the focus on trade restrictions.
After settling a dispute with New York, Vermont was admitted to statehood in 1791, formally completing the defined area of New England. On March 15, 1820, as part of the Missouri Compromise, the territory of Maine, formerly a part of Massachusetts, was admitted to the Union as a free state. Today, New England is defined as made up of the six states of Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont.
For the rest of the period before the American Civil War, New England remained distinct from the rest of the U.S. Politically, it often disagreed with the rest of the country. Massachusetts and Connecticut were among the last refuges of the Federalist Party, and, when the Second Party System began in the 1830s, New England became the strongest bastion of the new Whig Party. The Whigs were usually dominant throughout New England, except in the more Democratic Maine and New Hampshire. Leading statesmen—including Daniel Webster—hailed from the region. New England was distinct in other ways. Many notable literary and intellectual figures produced by the United States before the American Civil War were New Englanders, including Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, John Greenleaf Whittier, George Bancroft, and William H. Prescott.
Industrial Revolution.
New England was key to the industrial revolution in the U.S. The Blackstone Valley, running through Massachusetts and Rhode Island, has been called the birthplace of America's industrial revolution. In 1787, the first cotton mill in America, the Beverly Cotton Manufactory, was founded in the North Shore seaport of Beverly, Massachusetts. The Manufactory was also considered the largest cotton mill of its time. Technological developments and achievements from the Manufactory led to the development of more advanced cotton mills, including Slater Mill in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Towns such as Lawrence and Lowell in Massachusetts, Woonsocket in Rhode Island, and Lewiston in Maine became centers of the textile industry following the innovations at Slater Mill and the Beverly Cotton Manufactory.
The rapid growth of textile manufacturing in New England between 1815 and 1860 caused a shortage of workers. Recruiters were hired by mill agents to bring young women and children from the countryside to work in the factories. Between 1830 and 1860, thousands of farm girls such as the famous Lowell Mill Girls moved from rural areas where there was no paid employment to work in the nearby mills. As the textile industry grew, immigration also grew. By the 1850s, immigrants, especially Irish and French Canadians, began working in the mills.
New England was, as a whole, the most industrialized part of the young United States; by 1850, it accounted for well over a quarter of all manufacturing value in the country, and over a third of its industrial workforce. It was also the most literate and most educated region in the country.
Anti-slavery.
During the same period, New England and areas settled by New Englanders (upstate New York, Ohio's Western Reserve, and the upper midwestern states of Michigan and Wisconsin) were the center of the strongest abolitionist and anti-slavery movements in the United States, coinciding with the Protestant Great Awakening in the region. Abolitionists who demanded immediate emancipation such as William Lloyd Garrison, John Greenleaf Whittier and Wendell Phillips had their base in the region. So too did anti-slavery politicians who wanted to limit the growth of slavery, such as John Quincy Adams, Charles Sumner, and John P. Hale. When the anti-slavery Republican Party was formed in the 1850s, all of New England, including areas that had previously been strongholds for both the Whig and the Democratic Parties, became strongly Republican. New England remained solidly Republican until Catholics began to mobilize behind the Democrats, especially in 1928.
20th century and beyond.
The flow of immigrants continued at a steady pace from the 1840s until cut off by World War I. The largest numbers came from Ireland and Britain before 1890, and after that from Quebec, Italy and Southern Europe. The immigrants filled the ranks of factory workers, craftsmen and unskilled laborers. The Irish assumed a larger and larger role in the Democratic Parts in the cities and statewide, while the rural areas remained Republican. Yankees left the farms, which never were highly productive; many headed west, while others became professionals and businessmen in the New England cities.
Great Depression.
The Great Depression in the United States of the 1930s hit the region hard, with high unemployment in the industrial cities. The Democrats appealed to factory workers and especially Catholics, pulling them into the New Deal coalition and making the once-Republican region into one that was closely divided. However the enormous spending on munitions, ships, electronics, and uniforms during World War II caused a burst of prosperity in every sector.
Deindustrialization.
The region lost most of its factories starting with the loss of textiles starting in the 1930s and getting worse after 1960. The New England economy was radically transformed after World War II. The factory economy practically disappeared. The textile mills one by one went out of business from the 1920s to the 1970s. For example the Crompton Company, after 178 years in business, went bankrupt in 1984, costing the jobs of 2,450 workers in five states. The major reasons were cheap imports, the strong dollar, declining exports, and a failure to diversify. Shoes followed. What remains is very high technology manufacturing, such as jet engines, nuclear submarines, pharmaceuticals, robotics, scientific instruments, and medical devices. MIT (the Massachusetts Institute of Technology) invented the format for university-industry relations in high tech fields, and spawned many software and hardware firms, some of which grew rapidly. By the 21st century the region had become famous for its leadership roles in the fields of education, medicine and medical research, high-technology, finance, and tourism.
Some industrial areas were slow in adjusting to the new service economy. In 2000, New England had two of the ten poorest cities (by percentage living below the poverty line) in the U.S.: the state capitals of Providence, Rhode Island and Hartford, Connecticut. They were no longer in the bottom ten by 2010; Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire remain among the ten wealthiest states in the United States in terms of median household income and per capita income.
Geography.
The states of New England have a combined area of , making the region slightly larger than the state of Washington and larger than England. Maine alone constitutes nearly one-half of the total area of New England, yet is only the 39th-largest state, slightly smaller than Indiana. The remaining states are among the smallest in the U.S., including the smallest state, Rhode Island.
Geology.
New England's long rolling hills, mountains, and jagged coastline are glacial landforms resulting from the retreat of ice sheets approximately 18,000 years ago, during the last glacial period.
New England is geologically a part of the New England province, an exotic terrane region consisting of the Appalachian Mountains, the New England highlands, and the seaboard lowlands. The Appalachian Mountains roughly follow the border between New England and New York. The Berkshires in Massachusetts and Connecticut, and the Green Mountains in Vermont, as well as the Taconic Mountains, form a spine of Precambrian rock.
The Appalachians extend northwards into New Hampshire as the White Mountains, and then into Maine and Canada. Mount Washington in New Hampshire is the highest peak in the Northeast and the second-highest peak in the Appalachian Mountain system, at . It is the site of the second highest recorded wind speed on Earth, and has the reputation of having the world's most severe weather.
The coast of the region, extending from southwestern Connecticut to northeastern Maine, is dotted with lakes, hills, marshes and wetlands, and sandy beaches. Important valleys in the region include the Connecticut River Valley and the Merrimack Valley. The longest river is the Connecticut River, which flows from northeastern New Hampshire for 655 km (407 mi), emptying into Long Island Sound, roughly bisecting the region. Lake Champlain, wedged between Vermont and New York, is the largest lake in the region, followed by Moosehead Lake in Maine and Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire.
Climate.
The climate of New England varies greatly across its span from northern Maine to southern Connecticut:
Interior Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, and western Massachusetts have a humid continental climate (Dfb in Köppen climate classification). In this region the winters are long, cold, and heavy snow is common (most locations receive of snow annually in this region). The summer’s months are moderately warm, though summer is rather short and rainfall is spread through the year.
Central and eastern Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and most of Connecticut, the same humid continental prevails (Dfa), though summers are warm to hot, winters are shorter, and there is less snowfall (especially in the coastal areas where it is often warmer).
Southern and coastal Connecticut is the broad transition zone from the cold continental climates of the north to the milder temperate/subtropical climates to the south. The frost free season is greater than 180 days across far southern/coastal Connecticut, coastal Rhode Island, and the islands (Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard). Winters also tend to be much sunnier in southern Connecticut and southern Rhode Island compared to the rest of New England.
Demographics.
In 2010, New England had a population of 14,444,865, a growth of 3.8% from 2000. This grew to an estimated 14,618,806 by 2013. Massachusetts is the most populous state with 6,547,629 residents, while Vermont is the least populous state with 625,741 residents. Boston is by far the region's most populous city and metropolitan area. According to the 2006–08 American Community Survey, 48.7% of New Englanders were male and 51.3% were female. Approximately 22.4% of the population were under 18 years of age; 13.5% were over 65 years of age. The six states of New England have the lowest birth rate in the U.S.
The region's average population density is 221.66 inhabitants/sq mi (85.59/km²), although a great disparity exists between its northern and southern portions. New England has a significantly denser population than that of the U.S. as a whole (79.56/sq mi), or even just the contiguous 48 states (94.48/sq mi). Three-quarters of the population of New England, and most of the major cities, are in the states of Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island. The combined population density of these states is 786.83/sq mi, compared to northern New England's 63.56/sq mi (2000 census).
In terms of race and ethnicity, White Americans made up 84.9% of New England's population, of which 81.2% were whites of non-Hispanic origin. Black Americans composed 5.7% of the region's population, of which 5.3% were blacks of non-Hispanic origin.
Hispanic and Latino Americans are New England's largest minority, and they are the second-largest group in the region behind non-Hispanic European Americans. Hispanics and Latinos of any race made up 7.9% of New England's population, and there were over 1.1 million Hispanic and Latino individuals reported in the survey. Puerto Ricans were the most numerous of the Hispanic and Latino subgroups. Over half a million (507,000) Puerto Ricans live in New England, forming 3.6% of the population. There are also just over 100,000 Mexican Americans. The Dominican population is more than 70,000. Americans of Cuban descent are scant in number; there were roughly 20,000 Cuban Americans in the region. People of other Hispanic and Latino ancestries, for example Salvadoran, Colombian, and Bolivian, formed 3.5% of New England's population, and numbered over 492,000.
According to the 2006–2008 survey, the top ten largest European ancestries were the following:
English is, by far, the most common language spoken at home. Approximately 82.7% of all residents (11.1 million people) over the age of five spoke only English at home. Roughly 885,000 people (6.6% of the population) spoke Spanish at home, and roughly 1,023,000 people (7.6% of the population) spoke other Indo-European languages at home. Over 313,000 people (2.3% of the population) spoke an Asian or Pacific Island language at home. Slightly fewer (about 2%) spoke French at home, although this figure is above 20% in northern New England, which borders francophone Québec. Roughly 99,000 people (0.7% of the population) spoke languages other than these at home.
Approximately 86% of New England's inhabitants were born in the U.S., while over ten percent were foreign-born. Thirty-five percent of foreign-born residents were born in Latin America, 27.9% were born in Europe, 24.5% were born in Asia, and 6.9% were born in Africa.
Southern New England forms an integral part of the BosWash megalopolis, a conglomeration of urban centers that spans from Boston to Washington, D.C. The region includes three of the four most densely populated states in the U.S.; only New Jersey has a higher population density than the states of Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and Connecticut.
Greater Boston, which includes parts of southern New Hampshire, has a total population of approximately 4.4 million, while over half the population of New England falls inside Boston's Combined Statistical Area of over 7.4 million.
Largest cities.
The most populous cities as of the 2012 Census were (metropolitan areas in parentheses):
During the 20th century, urban expansion in regions surrounding New York City has become an important economic influence on neighboring Connecticut, parts of which belong to the New York Metropolitan Area. The U.S. Census Bureau groups Fairfield, New Haven and Litchfield counties in western Connecticut together with New York City, and other parts of New York and New Jersey as a combined statistical area.
Economy.
Overview.
Several factors combine to make the New England economy unique. The region is distant from the geographic center of the country, and is a relatively small region, and relatively densely populated. It historically has been an important center of industrial manufacturing and a supplier of natural resource products, such as granite, lobster, and codfish. New England exports food products, ranging from fish to lobster, cranberries, Maine potatoes, and maple syrup. The service industry is important, including tourism, education, financial and insurance services, plus architectural, building, and construction services. The U.S. Department of Commerce has called the New England economy a microcosm for the entire U.S. economy.
In the first half of the 20th century, the region underwent a long period of deindustrialization as traditional manufacturing companies relocated to the Midwest, with textile and furniture manufacturing migrating to the South. In the mid-to-late 20th century, an increasing portion of the regional economy included high technology (including computer and electronic equipment manufacturing), military defense industry, finance and insurance services, as well as education and health services.
As of 2007, the inflation-adjusted combined Gross state products of the six states of New England was $763.7 billion, with Massachusetts ($365 billion) contributing the most, and Vermont ($25.4 billion) the least.
Exports.
Exports consist mostly of industrial products, including specialized machines and weaponry (aircraft and missiles especially), built by the region's educated workforce. About half of the region's exports consist of industrial and commercial machinery, such as computers and electronic and electrical equipment. This, when combined with instruments, chemicals, and transportation equipment, makes up about three-quarters of the region's exports. Granite is quarried at Barre, Vermont, guns made at Springfield, Massachusetts and Saco, Maine, boats at Groton, Connecticut and Bath, Maine, and hand tools at Turners Falls, Massachusetts. Insurance is a driving force in and around Hartford, Connecticut.
Agriculture.
Agriculture is limited by the area's rocky soil, cool climate, and small area. Some New England states, however, are ranked highly among U.S. states for particular areas of production. Maine is ranked ninth for aquaculture, and has abundant potato fields in its northeast part. Vermont is fifteenth for dairy products, and Connecticut and Massachusetts seventh and eleventh for tobacco, respectively. Cranberries are grown in Massachusetts' Cape Cod-Plymouth-South Shore area, and blueberries in Maine.
Energy.
Three of the six New England states are among the country's highest consumers of nuclear power: Vermont (first, 73.7%), Connecticut (fourth, 48.9%), and New Hampshire (sixth, 46%). The region is mostly energy-efficient compared to the U.S. at large, with every state but Maine ranking within the ten most energy-efficient states; every state in New England also ranks within the ten most expensive states for electricity prices.
Employment.
As of April 2014, the metropolitan statistical area (MSA) with the lowest unemployment rate, 2.8%, was Burlington-South Burlington, Vermont; the MSA with the highest rate, 9.6%, was Lawrence-Methuen-Salem, in Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire. Vermont had the second-lowest unemployment rate in the US at 3.3%, while Rhode Island had the highest at 8.3%.
Government.
History.
The early European settlers of New England were English Protestants fleeing religious persecution. Despite this, religion was legislated to an extreme in the colonies they founded (with the exception of Rhode Island), and those who deviated from the established doctrine were persecuted greatly: famous figures like Anne Hutchinson and Mary Dyer often faced ostracism, degradation, and in the latter's case, martyrdom for taking on the patriarchs that often formed both the legal and church systems common to every town, including Boston (founded c. 1630.) In the beginning, there was no separation of church and state, and the activities of the individual were severely restricted. Though modern New England is noted for its more liberal leanings in national and local elections, its earliest laws and social attitudes were quite the contrary: Jews, Catholics, and Quakers were often targets of persecution and outright banned in the first case. Females were considered their husband's property and though (unlike women in several other colonies) they were taught to read, it was mainly to read the Bible and nothing else. This contrasts sharply with the strong principles of separation of church and state underlying the foundation of Rhode Island. Providence had no public burial ground and no Common until the year 1700 (64 years after its founding) because religious and government institutions were so rigorously kept distinct.
Town meetings.
A derivative of meetings held by church elders, town meetings were and are an integral part of governance of many New England towns. At such meetings, any citizen of the town may discuss issues with other members of the community and vote on them. This is the strongest example of direct democracy in the U.S. today, and the form of dialogue has been adopted under certain circumstances elsewhere, most strongly in the states closest to the region, such as New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Such a strong democratic tradition was even apparent in the early 19th century, when Alexis de Tocqueville wrote in "Democracy in America"
By contrast, James Madison wrote in "Federalist No. 55" that, regardless of the assembly, "passion never fails to wrest the scepter from reason. Had every Athenian citizen been a Socrates, every Athenian assembly would still have been a mob." The use and effectiveness of town meetings, as well as the possible application of the format to other regions and countries, is still discussed by scholars.
Politics.
Same-sex marriage is permitted in all six New England states.
Elections.
State and national elected officials in New England are mainly elected from the Democratic Party. The region is generally considered to be the most liberal in the U.S., with more New Englanders identifying as liberals than Americans elsewhere. In 2010, four of six of the New England states were polled as the most liberal in the U.S.; Maine and New Hampshire were also more liberal than the bottom-half.
The six states of New England voted for the Democratic Presidential nominee in the 1992, 1996, 2004, 2008, and 2012 elections, and every state but New Hampshire voted for Al Gore in the presidential election of 2000. In the 113th Congress the House delegations from all six states of New England are all Democratic. New England is home to the only two independents currently serving in the U.S. Senate: Bernie Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, representing Vermont; and Angus King, an Independent representing Maine.
In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama carried all six New England states by 9 percentage points or more. He carried every county in New England except for Piscataquis County, Maine, which he lost by 4% to Senator John McCain (R-AZ). As of the 2010 census, New England collectively has 33 electoral votes.
Political party strength.
Judging purely by party registration rather than voting patterns, New England today is one of the most Democratic regions in the U.S., with five of the six states considered among the most solidly Democratic in the country. New Hampshire is generally a swing state in federal elections. Republicans in New England are considered by both liberals and conservatives to be more moderate (even socially liberal) compared to Republicans in other parts of the U.S.
New Hampshire primary.
Historically, the New Hampshire primary has been the first in a series of nationwide political party primary elections held in the United States every four years. Held in the state of New Hampshire, it usually marks the beginning of the U.S. presidential election process. Even though few delegates are chosen from New Hampshire, the primary has always been pivotal to both New England and American politics. One college in particular, Saint Anselm College, has been home to numerous national presidential debates and visits by candidates to its campus.
Education.
Colleges and universities.
New England contains some of the oldest and most renowned institutions of higher learning in the U.S. The first such institution, subsequently named Harvard College, was founded at Cambridge, Massachusetts, to train preachers, in 1636. Yale University was founded in Old Saybrook, Connecticut, in 1701, and awarded the nation's first doctoral (PhD) degree in 1861. Yale moved to New Haven, Connecticut, in 1718, where it has remained to the present day.
Brown University, the first college in the nation to accept students of all religious affiliations, and the seventh-oldest U.S. institution of higher learning, was founded in Providence, Rhode Island, in 1764. Dartmouth College was founded five years later in Hanover, New Hampshire, with the mission of educating the local American Indian population as well as English youth. The University of Vermont, the fifth oldest university in New England, was founded in 1791, the same year Vermont joined the Union.
In addition to four out of eight Ivy League schools, New England also contains the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), four of the original Seven Sisters, the bulk of institutions identified as the Little Ivies, one of the eight original Public Ivies, the Colleges of Worcester Consortium in central Massachusetts, and the Five Colleges consortium in western Massachusetts.
Private and independent secondary schools.
At the pre-college level, New England is home to a number of American independent schools (also known as private schools). The concept of the elite "New England prep school" (preparatory school) and the "preppy" lifestyle is an iconic part of the region's image. The region has several of the highest ranked high schools in the U.S., including the Maine School of Science and Mathematics located in Limestone, Maine. 
Public education.
New England is home to some of the oldest public schools in the nation. Boston Latin School is the oldest public school in America, and was attended by several signatories of the Declaration of Independence. Hartford Public High School is the second oldest operating high school in the U.S.
As of 2005, the National Education Association ranked Connecticut as having the highest-paid teachers in the country. Massachusetts and Rhode Island ranked eighth and ninth, respectively.
Three New England states, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont, have cooperated in developing a New England Common Assessment Program test under the No Child Left Behind guidelines. These states can compare the resultant scores with each other.
Maine's Maine Learning Technology Initiative program supplies all students with Apple MacBook laptops.
Academic journals and press.
There are several academic journals and publishing companies in the region, including "The New England Journal of Medicine", Harvard University Press, and Yale University Press. Some of its institutions lead the open access alternative to conventional academic publication, including MIT, the University of Connecticut, and the University of Maine. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston publishes the "New England Economic Review".
Culture.
New England has a shared heritage and culture primarily shaped by waves of immigration from Europe. In contrast to other American regions, many of New England's earliest Puritan settlers came from eastern England, contributing to New England's distinctive accents, foods, customs, and social structures. Within modern New England a cultural divide exists between urban New Englanders living along the densely populated coastline, and rural New Englanders in western Massachusetts, northwestern and northeastern Connecticut, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine, where population density is low.
Today, New England is the least religious part of the U.S. In 2009, less than half of those polled in Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Vermont claimed that religion was an important part of their daily lives. In Connecticut and Rhode Island, also among the ten least religious states, 55 and 53 percent, respectively, of those polled claimed that it was. According to the American Religious Identification Survey, 34 percent of Vermonters, a plurality, claimed to have no religion; on average, nearly one out of every four New Englanders identifies as having no religion, more than in any other part of the U.S. New England had one of the highest percentages of Catholics in the U.S. This number declined from 50% in 1990 to 36% in 2008.
Cultural roots.
The first European colonists of New England were focused on maritime affairs such as whaling and fishing, rather than more continental inclinations such as surplus farming. One of the older American regions, New England has developed a distinct cuisine, dialect, architecture, and government. New England cuisine is known for its emphasis on seafood and dairy; clam chowder, lobster, and other products of the sea are among some of the region's most popular foods.
Aside from the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or "New Scotland", New England is the only North American region to inherit the name of a kingdom in the British Isles. New England has largely preserved its regional character, especially in its historic places. Today, the region is more ethnically diverse, having seen waves of immigration from Ireland, Quebec, Italy, Portugal, Poland, Asia, Latin America, Africa, other parts of the U.S., and elsewhere. The enduring European influence can be seen in the region, from use of traffic rotaries to the bilingual French and English towns of northern Vermont, Maine, and New Hampshire, as innocuous as the sprinkled use of British spelling, and as obvious as the region's heavy prevalence of English town and county names, and its unique, often non-rhotic coastal dialect reminiscent of southeastern England.
Within New England, there are many town (and a few county) names that repeat from state to state, primarily due to settlers throughout the region naming their new towns after their old ones. As one example, every state except Rhode Island has a city or town named Franklin; in addition, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Maine each contain a Franklin County.
Accents.
There are several American English accents spoken in the region including New England English and Boston Accent.
The Boston accent is native to the region. Many of its most identifiable features (such as r dropping and the so-called broad A) are believed to have originated in Boston from the influence of England's Received Pronunciation, which shares those features. While at one point Boston accents were most strongly associated with the so-called "Eastern Establishment" and Boston's upper class, today the accent is predominantly associated with blue-collar natives as exemplified by movies like "Good Will Hunting" and "The Departed". The Boston accent and accents closely related to it cover eastern Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine.
Some Rhode Islanders speak with a non-rhotic accent that many compare to a "Brooklyn" or a cross between a New York and Boston accent ("water" becomes "wata"). Many Rhode Islanders distinguish the "aw" sound , as one might hear in New Jersey; e.g., the word "coffee" is pronounced . This type of accent was brought to the region by early settlers from eastern England in the Puritan migration in the mid-seventeenth century.
Social activities and music.
In much of rural New England, particularly Maine, Acadian and Québécois culture are included in music and dance. Contra dancing and country square dancing are popular throughout New England, usually backed by live Irish, Acadian, or other folk music.
Traditional knitting, quilting and rug hooking circles in rural New England have become less common; church, sports, and town government are more typical social activities. These traditional gatherings are often hosted in individual homes or civic centers; larger groups regularly assemble at special-purpose ice cream parlors that dot the countryside. New England leads the U.S. in ice cream consumption per capita.
In the U.S., candlepin bowling is essentially confined to New England, where it was invented in the 19th century. 
New England was for some time an important center of American classical music. The Second New England School was instrumental in reinvigorating the tradition in the U.S. Prominent modernist composers also come from the region, including Charles Ives and John Adams. Boston is the site of the New England Conservatory, the Yale School of Music and the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
In rock music, the region has produced Aerosmith, The Modern Lovers, Phish, the Pixies, and Boston. Dick Dale, a Quincy, Massachusetts native, helped popularize surf rock. The region has also become a hotbed for Hardcore Punk and Heavy Metal music (especially with regards to Metalcore and Deathcore).
Media.
The leading U.S. cable TV sports broadcaster ESPN is headquartered in Bristol, Connecticut. New England has several regional cable networks, including New England Cable News (NECN) and the New England Sports Network (NESN). New England Cable News is the largest regional 24-hour cable news network in the U.S., broadcasting to more than 3.2 million homes in all of the New England states. Its studios are located in Newton, Massachusetts, outside of Boston, and it maintains bureaus in Manchester, New Hampshire; Hartford, Connecticut; Worcester, Massachusetts; Portland, Maine; and Burlington, Vermont. In Connecticut, Litchfield, Fairfield, and New Haven counties it also broadcasts New York based news programs—this is due in part to the immense influence New York has on this region's economy and culture, and also to give Connecticut broadcasters the ability to compete with overlapping media coverage from New York-area broadcasters.
NESN broadcasts the Boston Red Sox baseball and Boston Bruins hockey throughout the region, save for Fairfield County, Connecticut. Most of Connecticut, save for Windham county in the state's northeast corner, and even southern Rhode Island, receives the YES Network, which broadcasts the games of the New York Yankees. For the most part, the same areas also carry SportsNet New York (SNY), which broadcasts New York Mets games.
Comcast SportsNet New England broadcasts the games of the Boston Celtics, New England Revolution and Boston Cannons.
While most New England cities have daily newspapers, "The Boston Globe" and "The New York Times" are distributed widely throughout the region. Major newspapers also include "The Providence Journal", "Portland Press Herald", and "Hartford Courant", the oldest continuously published newspaper in the U.S.
Comedy.
New Englanders are well represented in American comedy. Writers for "The Simpsons" and late-night television programs often come by way of the Harvard Lampoon. "Family Guy", an animated sitcom situated in Rhode Island, as well as "American Dad" and "The Cleveland Show", were created by Connecticut native and Rhode Island School of Design graduate Seth MacFarlane. A number of "Saturday Night Live" (SNL) cast members have origins in New England, from Adam Sandler to Amy Poehler, who also stars in the NBC television series "Parks and Recreation". Former "Daily Show" show correspondents Rob Corddry and Steve Carell are from Massachusetts, with the latter also being involved in film and the American adaptation of "The Office". The American "Office" also featured Dunder-Mifflin branches set in Stamford, Connecticut and Nashua, New Hampshire.
Late-night television hosts Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien have origins in the Boston area. Notable stand-up comedians, including Dane Cook, Steve Sweeney, Steven Wright, Sarah Silverman, Lisa Lampanelli, Denis Leary, Lenny Clarke, and Louis CK, are also from the region. "SNL" cast member Seth Meyers once attributed the region's imprint on American humor to its "sort of wry New England sense of pointing out anyone who's trying to make a big deal of himself", with the "Boston Globe" suggesting that irony and sarcasm, as well as Irish influences, are its trademarks.
Literature.
The literature of New England has had an enduring influence on American literature in general, with themes such as religion, race, the individual versus society, social repression, and nature, emblematic of the larger concerns of American letters.
Largely on the strength of its local writers, Boston was for some years the center of the U.S. publishing industry, before being overtaken by New York in the middle of the nineteenth century. Boston remains the home of publishers Houghton Mifflin and Pearson Education, and was the longtime home of literary magazine "The Atlantic Monthly". Merriam-Webster is based in Springfield, Massachusetts. "Yankee", a magazine for New Englanders, is based in Dublin, New Hampshire.
Film, television, and acting.
New England, now known as Hollywood East, has a rich history in filmmaking, dating back to the dawn of the motion picture era at the turn of the 20th century. A theater at 547 Washington Street in Boston was the second location to ever debut a picture projected by the Vitascope, and shortly thereafter several of novels that had been set in New England were being adapted for the screen, including The Scarlet Letter and The House of Seven Gables. The New England region continued to churn out films at a pace above the national average for the duration of the 20th century, including blockbuster hits like Jaws, Goodwill Hunting, and The Departed, all of which won Oscars. The New England area became known for a number of themes that recurred in films made during this era, including the development of yankee characters, smalltown life contrasted with city values, seafaring tales, family secrets, and haunted New England. These themes, rooted in centuries of New England culture, are complemented by the region’s diverse natural landscape and architecture, from the Atlantic Ocean and brilliant fall foliage to church steeples and skyscrapers.
Since the turn of the millennium, Boston and the greater New England region have been home to a regionally unprecedented production of films and television series, thanks largely in part to tax incentive programs put in place by local governments to attract filmmakers to the region.
Notable actors and actresses that have come out of the New England area including Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Amy Poehler, Elizabeth Banks, Steve Carell, Ruth Gordon, John Krasinski, Edward Norton, Mark Wahlberg, and Matthew Perry. A full list can be found here, and a listing of notable films and television series produced in the area here.
Sports.
Two popular American sports were invented in New England. Basketball was invented by James Naismith (a Canadian) in Springfield, Massachusetts, in 1891. Volleyball was invented by William G. Morgan in Holyoke, Massachusetts, in 1895. Additionally, Walter Camp is credited with developing modern American football in New Haven, Connecticut in the 1870s and 1880s.
New Hampshire Motor Speedway is an oval racetrack that has hosted several NASCAR and American Championship Car Racing races, whereas Lime Rock Park is a traditional road racing venue home of sports car races. Events at these venues have had the "New England" moniker, such as the NASCAR New England 300 and New England 200, the IndyCar Series New England Indy 200, and the American Le Mans Series New England Grand Prix.
Professional and semi-professional sports teams.
The major professional sports teams in New England are based in Massachusetts: the Boston Red Sox, the New England Patriots (based in Foxborough, Massachusetts), the Boston Celtics, the Boston Bruins, the Boston Cannons, the Boston Breakers, and the New England Revolution (also based in Foxborough). Hartford had a professional hockey team, the Hartford Whalers, from 1975 until they moved to North Carolina in 1997. Bridgeport had a professional lacrosse team, the Bridgeport Barrage, until they moved to Philadelphia and later ceased operation. A WNBA team, the Connecticut Sun, are based in southeastern Connecticut at the Mohegan Sun resort. Massachusetts is also the home of the Boston Blades, which is one of two professional women's ice hockey teams based in the United States.
There are also minor league baseball and hockey teams based in larger cities such as the Pawtucket Red Sox (baseball), the Providence Bruins (hockey), the Worcester Tornadoes (baseball), the Brockton Rox (baseball) and the Worcester Sharks (hockey), the Lowell Spinners (baseball), the Portland Sea Dogs (baseball) and the Portland Pirates (hockey), the Bridgeport Bluefish (baseball) and the Bridgeport Sound Tigers (hockey), the Connecticut Tigers (baseball), the New Britain Rock Cats (baseball), the Vermont Lake Monsters (baseball), the New Hampshire Fisher Cats (baseball) and the Manchester Monarchs (hockey), the Connecticut Whale (hockey), and the Springfield Falcons (hockey).
The NBA Development League fields two teams in New England: the Maine Red Claws, based in Portland, Maine, and the Springfield Armor in Springfield, Massachusetts. The Red Claws are affiliated with the Boston Celtics and the Armor are affiliated with the Brooklyn Nets. New England is also represented in the Premier Basketball League by the Vermont Frost Heaves of Barre, Vermont and, until recently, the Manchester Millrats from Manchester, New Hampshire.
Thanksgiving Day high school football rivalries date back to the 19th century, and the Harvard-Yale rivalry ("The Game") is the oldest active rivalry in college football. The Boston Marathon, run on Patriots' Day every year, is a New England cultural institution and the oldest annual marathon in the world. While the race offers far less prize money than many other marathons, the race's difficulty and long history make it one of the world's most prestigious marathons.
Transportation.
The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) provides rail and subway service within the Boston metropolitan area, bus service in Greater Boston, and commuter rail service throughout Eastern Massachusetts and parts of Rhode Island. The New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority's Metro-North Commuter Railroad provides rail, serving many commuters in Southwestern Connecticut, while the Connecticut Department of Transportation operates the Shore Line East commuter rail service along the Connecticut coastline east of New Haven.
Amtrak provides interstate rail service throughout New England. Boston is the northern terminus of the Northeast Corridor line. The Vermonter connects Vermont to Massachusetts and Connecticut, while the Downeaster links Maine to Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="21531774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531774" title="2009 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship">
2009 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship

The 2009 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship (Canada's men's territorial curling championship) was held February 12–15 at the Yellowknife Curling Club in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories. The winner represents team Yukon/Northwest Territories at the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier in Calgary.
Results.
Draw 1.
"February 12, 1930"
Draw 2.
"February 13, 1000"
Draw 3.
"February 13, 1500"
Draw 4.
"February 14, 1000"
Draw 5.
"February 14, 1500"
Draw 6.
"February 15, 0900"

</doc>
<doc id="21531805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531805" title="Curt Hagman">
Curt Hagman

Curt Hagman (born January 2, 1965) is a Republican assemblyman representing the 55th district.
Assembly career.
He was elected to the state assembly in 2008, winning 55.9% of the vote. He was re-elected in November 2010 with 65.3% of the vote.
Pre-Assembly experience.
Hagman was the Mayor of Chino Hills in 2008 and also served on the city council from 2004 to 2008. He owns Apex Bail Bonds with 3 offices in Southern California.
Education.
He received his bachelor of arts degree from UCLA. He was a member of Phi Gamma Delta. He was also in the Navy ROTC. 
Family.
Curt and his wife Grace met at UCLA and have been married for 13 years; they have two children. They live in Chino Hills and are members of the Inland Hills Church.

</doc>
<doc id="21531816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531816" title="Leigh Lynch">
Leigh Lynch

Leigh Lynch was an American racecar driver, who was active in the years 1906-1910.
Racing Career.
Lynch won the 1909 Wheeler-Schebler Trophy Race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. This race which was shorted to 235 miles from its originally-planned 300, due to deteriorating track conditions. This was the final race of the track's first weekend of automobile races, and was also the last race held before the track's surface of crushed stone was replaced with brick. Lynch also started nine other races at IMS during 1909 and 1910, including a 2nd place finish in the 1910 Wheeler-Schebler Race. Little is known of Lynch's career outside of his appearances at IMS. He is known to have earned victories in two hill climb races at Box Springs Canyon in Riverside, California, and in a 20-mile race at the Mardi Gras Track in New Orleans, Louisiana. 
Sources.
Scott, D. Bruce; "INDY: Racing Before the 500"; Indiana Reflections; 2005; ISBN 0-9766149-0-1.
Galpin, Darren; "A Record of Motorsport Racing Before World War I."

</doc>
<doc id="21531820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531820" title="List of Top 25 singles for 2007 in Australia">
List of Top 25 singles for 2007 in Australia

These are the Top 25 singles of 2007 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Singles Chart.
"Big Girls Don't Cry" by Fergie was the biggest song of the year, peaking at #1 for nine weeks and staying in the top 50 for 32 weeks; it also had the longest stay at #1.

</doc>
<doc id="21531850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531850" title="1925 Detroit Panthers season">
1925 Detroit Panthers season

The 1925 Detroit Panthers season was their third in the league and first season as the Panthers. The team improved on their previous output of 1–5–1, winning eight games. They finished third in the league. The Panthers played in the first Wednesday game in NFL history against the Cleveland Bulldogs, and won 22–13. Future Pro Football Hall of Famer Jimmy Conzelman scored two touchdowns in the first quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="21531905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531905" title="Norman Marjoribanks">
Norman Marjoribanks

Sir Norman Edward Marjoribanks KCIE, CSI (16 October 1872 – 1939) was an Indian magistrate and civil servant of British origin who served as the acting Governor of Madras from 29 June 1929 to 11 November 1929.
Marjoribanks was born in 1872 into a Scottish family and was educated in India and the United Kingdom. In 1891, he passed the Indian Civil Service exam and was allocated to the Madras Presidency. He served as the home member of the Governor's executive council in the 1920s and as the acting Governor of Madras until the arrival of Governor-designate, George Frederick Stanley from England. Marjoribanks also served in the committee which investigated the problems of Tamil indentured labourers in Sri Lanka.
Early life.
Norman Marjoribanks was born in India on 16 October 1872 and received his early education at Bishop Cotton's School and College, Bangalore. He received his higher education from Belfast Royal Academy, Royal University of Ireland and Trinity College, Cambridge. He passed his Indian Civil Service examinations in 1891 and was appointed as Assistant Collector and magistrate.
In the Civil Service.
Marjoribanks served in Madras as Assistant Collector and Magistrate from 29 October 1893 to July 1901. In March 1900, he was appointed Officiating Under-Secretary of the Revenue Department. He served as a member on the Board of Revue and the Commissioner of Salt and Excise, Madras. He also served as the Home member in the executive council of the Governor of Madras, under George Goschen, 2nd Viscount Goschen. When Goschen's tenure came to an end, Marjoribanks was appointed acting Governor until the arrival of George Frederick Stanley.
Commission on the situation of Plantation Tamils of Ceylon.
Following protests against indentured labour by activists of the Indian independence movement, the Government of India aPpointed a commission under Charles George Todhunter to investigate the condition of the plantation Tamils of Ceylon. On 22 October 1916, the Government of Madras overruled the decision of the Indian Government and replaced Todhunter with Marjoribanks. C. E. Low, the Secretary of the Department of Commerce and Industry, Government of India, complained to Sir George Barnes over the "bad behaviour" of the Madras Government. He suspected the abilities of Marjoribanks, saying "he is not quite class enough, socially and from the point of personality, to do us well". Barnes then conveyed his strong opposition to the India Office. However, the Governor of Madras, Lord Pentland gave Marjoribanks his full support:
The Emigration Bench examined his service record and approved his candidature saying that "his record looks as if he is a pretty good man". Eventually, a delegation comprising Marjoribanks and A. K. G. Ahmad Thambi Marakkayar left for Ceylon on 19 November 1916 and spent six months gathering information from the planters and the Government of Ceylon. The team prepared a report which was submitted at a conference held at London in May 1917. In the final report, the team pointed out the defects of the existing "kangani" system. But strangely, the report did not examine indentured labour on the whole. As a result, when the report was made public, it was criticized by Indian nationalists.
As Acting Governor of Madras.
Marjoribanks served as the Home member in the Executive Council of Governor George Goschen. When Goschen's term came to an end in July 1929, Marjoribanks was appointed as acting Governor of Madras until the arrival of governor-designate, George Frederick Stanley from England. Marjoribanks served as Acting Governor of Madras from 29 June 1929 to 11 November 1929.
Later life.
On the expiry of his term, Marjoribanks returned to England. He died in 1939 in Kent at the age of 67.
Honours.
Marjoribanks was made a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire in 1919 and later promoted to a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Star of India in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="21531909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531909" title="Tooth and nail syndrome">
Tooth and nail syndrome

Tooth and nail syndrome (also known as "Hypodontia with nail dysgenesis," and "Witkop syndrome") is a rare disorder, first described in 1965, characterized by nails that are thin, small, and friable, and which may show koilonychia at birth.
It is associated with "MSX1".

</doc>
<doc id="21531924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531924" title="Lucky, Lucky Me">
Lucky, Lucky Me

"Lucky, Lucky Me" is a song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye and produced by Ivy Jo Hunter. Gaye originally recorded the song in 1964 but the song was shelved by Motown staff. When Motown's UK department, Tamla-Motown, issued "The Very Best of Marvin Gaye", the label included the song as the final song in the tracklisting. Following positive buzz from Marvin's fans in England, Tamla-Motown released the song as a single in the UK where it reached number sixty-seven on the UK Singles Chart in 1994 giving Gaye his fourth posthumous hit, a decade after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="21531943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531943" title="Colorado State Highway 116">
Colorado State Highway 116

State Highway 116 (SH 116) is a fairly isolated state highway that runs from the Kansas 
state line (W Road 12) in the southeastern corner of the state.
Route description.
The highway gives service though very rural country in Baca County through Two Buttes to the junction with US 287 and US 385 about 7 miles north of Springfield. The highway's maintenance is served by Two Buttes, the only town on its route. The town is the largest town for many miles in any direction.

</doc>
<doc id="21531952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531952" title="U.S. Route 385 in Colorado">
U.S. Route 385 in Colorado

U.S. Highway 385 (US 385), also known as the High Plains Highway north of Cheyenne Wells, is the easternmost significant north–south state highway in the U.S. state of Colorado. It enters the state from Oklahoma while overlapped with US 287, but splits at Lamar to follow its own route through the Eastern Plains to Nebraska.
Route description.
US 385 is almost entirely a rural two-lane route. It begins at the Oklahoma state line on an overlap with US 287 (and at the west end of Oklahoma State Highway 3) and follows US 287 north through Campo and Springfield to Lamar. In that city it turns east with US 50 through Carlton to Granada, where the route turns north and finally separates from others. Communities along the route include Bristol, Sheridan Lake, Cheyenne Wells, Burlington, Wray, Holyoke, and Julesburg. US 385 turns west with US 138 in Julesburg, splitting west of the city and running northwest to the Nebraska state line.
History.
The corridor along the eastern tier of Colorado was defined as several secondary highways in the 1910s. By 1914, the following were present: Secondary Road No. 2S from Oklahoma north to Holly, No. 9S from Cheyenne Wells north to Burlington, and No. 6S from Burlington north to Wray. No. 24S from Wray north to Julesburg and No. 25S south from Granada were added by 1916, and by 1919 the corridor had been completed with the extension of No. 9S south to near Granada and the connection of No. 25S to No. 2S via No. 33S east of Two Buttes. As part of a renumbering in 1923, State Highway 51 (SH 51) was assigned to the route, with one major difference: SH 51 did not follow No. 2S (which mostly became SH 89), but instead went southeast from Two Buttes to Stonington and continued by replacing No. 30S (Dallas-Canadian-Denver Highway) to the Kansas state line in the direction of Guymon, Oklahoma. (The connection in Kansas would become K-51 several years later, but the rest of the road to US 64 west of Guymon did not become Oklahoma State Highway 95 until 1953–1954.)
In 1932–1934 a short extension from Julesburg north to Nebraska (mostly via present SH 11) was added to the route, taking it from border to border. At the same time, a new State Highway 166 (SH 166) was created, paralleling the Union Pacific Railroad's Overland Route from US 138 west of Julesburg northwesterly to the Nebraska line (where it connected with Nebraska Highway 27). SH 51 spent its early days as an unpaved road, except from Granada north to Road KK near Bristol, which received "oil process surfacing" in 1931–1932 when it was still part of US 50. Otherwise, paving was begun in 1941–1942 between Holyoke and Julesburg, and was completed north of Cheyenne Wells in 1957–1958. Several major realignments were made prior to paving. US 385 was realigned north of Wray in 1937–1939, leaving behind two separate sections of County Road FF and Roads 43 and 10 returning to current US 385 south of Holyoke. Soon thereafter, in 1939–1940, US 395 was realigned to bypass Idalia and Vernon to the east, leaving behind Road 9 to Idalia (now part of US 36), Roads DD and CC between Idalia and Vernon, and Road 26 back east to current US 385. In 1953 the state got rid of a large number of state highways, including the short extension of SH 51 north of Julesburg (still unpaved), all of SH 166 (also unpaved), and the entire length of SH 51 south of Granada. Except for of SH 116 east of Two Buttes, this was given back to the counties, and is now Roads M, 49, X, and 44 from Kansas (where K-51 still exists) to Walsh, Road 45 from Walsh to SH 116, and Roads 38, 21, N, 22, R, and 25 from SH 116 to Granada. All of these roads remain unpaved with the exception of of Road 44 south of Walsh.
US 385 was created nationally in 1958–1959. In Colorado it followed US 287 from Oklahoma to Kit Carson, US 40 east to Cheyenne Wells, SH 51 to Julesburg, and former SH 166 (paved in 1959–1960) was returned to the state highway system for the final bit into Nebraska. The remaining independent section of SH 51 was paved over the next few years and completed in 1963–1964, at which time US 385 was moved off US 287 north of Lamar. SH 51 was dropped along with other redundant state highway designations in late 1968.
In the Eastern Colorado Mobility Study (2002) the Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT) identified US 385 as a potential connection between the Ports-to-Plains Corridor (US 287) and Heartland Expressway (SH 71 and US 385 in Nebraska). In 2004 the Colorado General Assembly defined the High Plains Highway as that part of US 385 from Cheyenne Wells north to Nebraska, along with US 40 connecting US 287 near Kit Carson with Cheyenne Wells. A more detailed study, made in 2007, recommended improving the highway to a "super 2" facility with improved roadway geometry and shoulders. Signs marking the High Plains Highway were posted in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21531957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531957" title="I'm Crazy 'Bout My Baby">
I'm Crazy 'Bout My Baby

"I'm Crazy 'Bout My Baby" is a song recorded by American singer Marvin Gaye, who issued the song in late-1963 as the b-side to the singer's popular hit, "Can I Get a Witness". The single gained minimal buzz and as a result charted as its own independent single in the end of the year before peaking at number seventy-seven on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 1964. The song was among the last released to feature Martha and the Vandellas as background vocalists to Marvin's work.
It shouldn't be confused with the 1931 song written by Alex Hill and Fats Waller.

</doc>
<doc id="21531968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531968" title="Tim Kang">
Tim Kang

Tim Kang (born March 16, 1973) is an American television and film actor. He is best known for his role as Kimball Cho in the TV series "The Mentalist".
Early life and education.
Yila Timothy Kang was born in San Francisco, California. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University of California, Berkeley, and a Master of Fine Arts from the A.R.T. Institute at Harvard University. He also studied acting in Russia at the Moscow Art Theatre School. He got into acting at age 26.
Career.
Kang is a series regular on CBS's "The Mentalist" as Special Agent Kimball Cho. He appeared in "Rambo" (2008) and also on such TV shows as "The Office", "Chappelle's Show", and "Monk".
In 2012, Kang launched a production company named "One Shoot Films" with its first film project focusing on child abduction and sexually abused children. 
Personal life.
Kang is the eldest of three brothers. He has a daughter, Bianca, born in 2009.
Kang has a black belt in Taekwondo.
Kang is a national spokesman and active supporter for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.

</doc>
<doc id="21531982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531982" title="Jane Censoria Cajes Yap">
Jane Censoria Cajes Yap

Jane Censoria Cajes Yap (born January 10, 1990) is a former president of the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) or Youth Council in the Philippines and wife of Tagbilaran City Mayor John Geesnell Lim Yap. After winning the SK presidency in Bohol, Philippines, Cajes was elected President in the National SK Federation and with her position, also earned her a concomitant role as the "Ex Officio" Commissioner of the National Youth Commission (NYC).
Biography.
Cajes is the second child of Trinidad Mayors Roberto Cajes and Judith Cajes. She completed her elementary and secondary education at the Holy Spirit School of Tagbilaran in Tagbilaran City. She studied at the Assumption College for one year before transferring to the Ateneo de Manila University.
Cajes was the first woman to be elected president in the SK National Federation, and was the second president of SK National Federation who hailed from outside the Luzon area (the first being Ryan Culima of Butuan). This made her the President of the federation with the help of former Governor Erico B. Aumentado who convinced all governors to support her as the president of the federation.
She married Tagbilaran City Councilor and businessman John Geesnell "Baba" Yap on February 5, 2011. The wedding was called the "Wedding of the Year" in Bohol.
Yap currently works at her family business in Tagbilaran City called Bohol Tropics Resort.
Term in office.
In her first year of term, Cajes initiated the "Tri-Media Program", said to be the first in SK history in order to provide information about the Filipino youth. The said project composed of three components on the media- the internet, newspaper and radio. Various youth issues, concerns and other youth interest are tackled in the program. The first component is the www.skbohol.com, the first SK website in the Philippines. The second component is the quarterly publication, the SK Today. The maiden issue of SK Today was in Dec. 2005. The SK on Air, the official radio program made its first airing on April 2, 2006.
Cajes attended the Plan International London Incorporated on October 8–9, 2008 in Woking, Surrey, United Kingdom, London to serve as one of the panelists to interview the applicants for the new CEO of the Plan International London.
As mandated by law, the first SK National Congress was held in Cebu City. It was the highest attendance in SK history according to the Malacañang Presidential Management Staff. Cajes also led the Samahang Kabataan Volunteers Club to help the SK Bohol Federation for the implementation of its programs. The first batch, composed of 19 student leaders and SK chairmen from the province, were known as Bolahan. The 2nd batch of SKVC has 26 members.
In December 2008, Cajes led the Sangguniang Kabtaan (SK) Kabataan Awards was created to recognize the SK leaders. Award-winning reporter and documentary host Kara Patria David was the honored guest on the selection of the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) Ten Outstanding Chairmen year 2 on Nov. 29, 2008.
Awards.
Cajes has been honored by numerous award-giving bodies for her outstanding accomplishments as a youth leader. Incredibly attractive, Cajes has been named one of the country's "Twenty-five Hottest Young Personalities Under Twenty-Five" in 2010. She has also been the conferred as one of "The Outstanding Young Men" (TOYM) under the youth leadership category in 2010, a recognition of great prestige given by Junior Chamber International Philippines (formerly Philippine Jaycees). Moreover, Cajes was chosen as one of five recipients of 2009 "Outstanding Youth Leader Award" by the Office of the President in Malacañang.
Corruption charges.
In April 2010, Cajes was charged before the Office of the Ombudsman-Visayas in Cebu City for the lack of transparency in her various financial dealings as SK National President and for supposedly flaunting her wealth. However, Cajes denied the charges, claiming that allegations are part of a black propaganda orchestrated by their political opponents.
During the SK National Congress 2010 held from July 28 to 30, 2010 in Panglao, Bohol, the participants urged Cajes to present financial statements during her term. The local newspapers in Bohol reported that the SK members claimed they already demanded for the financial report which Cajes failed to deliver. Allegedly unaccounted expenses included PhP10 million provided in 2008 by the Presidential Fund, PhP10 million given in 2009 by Department of Environment and Natural Resources, financial statements (FS) in 2008 regarding the hosting of Congress in Cebu, FS of 2009 congress held in Subic Bay, and FS of National Convention and launching of Sama-sama Para sa Kalikasan held in Bohol.
The participants also insisted that Cajes should likewise render her report on the donations coming from the Philippines Charity Sweepstakes Office, Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation, Department of National Defense and other private donors such as The Bar.
Her former staff Manuel Ferdinand De Erio and SK volunteer and publicist Leo Udtohan resigned after they allegedly discovered Cajes failure to present her financial statements for transparency and accountability. De Erio and Udtohan filed a complaint before the Ombudsman against Cajes on October 20, 2010. They sought an immediate investigation leading to the filing of appropriate criminal and administrative charges against Cajes.
In February 2013, the case against Cajes Yap was thrown out of court.

</doc>
<doc id="21531999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21531999" title="Non-democratic">
Non-democratic

The term non-democratic refers to forms of government, or proposed implementations of such, which are diametrically opposed to democracy.
"Non-democratic" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21532000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532000" title="Acrokeratosis verruciformis">
Acrokeratosis verruciformis

Acrokeratosis verruciformis (also known as "Acrokeratosis verruciformis of Hopf") is a rare autosomal dominant disorder appearing at birth or in early childhood, characterized by skin lesions that are small, verrucous, flat papules resembling warts.
Like Darier's disease, it is associated with ATP2A2.

</doc>
<doc id="21532040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532040" title="Stephen Michael Smith">
Stephen Michael Smith

Stephen Michael Smith is an American symphonic and choral conductor. He is Music Director/Conductor of the Danbury Community Orchestra and Founding Music Director of the Orchestra at Shelter Rock. He also serves as Music Director of the Unitarian Universalist Congregation at Shelter Rock, where he conducts a semi-professional chorus, a professional chamber orchestra, and a professional concert series]. He formerly served as Music Director of the Dalton Alumni Chorus in New York City and the of New Jersey, having prepared both institutions for their Carnegie Hall debuts.
He has conducted extensively in the US and Europe, and currently resides in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21532050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532050" title="Isaac J. Wistar">
Isaac J. Wistar

Isaac Jones Wistar (November 14, 1827 – September 18, 1905) was an American lawyer, miner, farmer, soldier, and author. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, in which he was wounded twice, and was noted for his criticized performance during the 1864 Bermuda Hundred Campaign. After the conflict Wistar became a distinguished penologist and a writer.
Early life and career.
Isaac J. Wistar was born in 1827 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He received early his education at Westtown Friends' School, and then attended the Haverford College. Wistar also received a Doctor of Science degree from the University of Pennsylvania. 
After graduating Wistar took up studying law, and then began practicing as a lawyer within Philadelphia. In 1849 he relocated to California in order to participate as a miner in the Gold Rush. From then on until the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Wistar held a great variety of vocations. Among these were: as an animal trapper, a mountaineer, as an Indian fighter, a farmer, and then once again practicing law.
Civil War service.
At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, Wistar chose to follow his home state and the Union cause. He raised a company of men and was elected its captain. Wistar's company was then added to the 71st Pennsylvania Infantry, originally known as the California Regiment. This regiment was organized at Fort Schuyler located in New York. On June 28 Wistar was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel, and on July 1 the 71st left for Fortress Monroe on the Virginia Peninsula. On July 22 Wistar and the 71st was then ordered to Washington, D.C., forming part of the capital's defenses until that fall. Wistar participated in the much-publicized Union defeat in the Battle of Ball's Bluff on October 21. In the fight he temporarily led the regiment and was seriously wounded, hit in his right elbow, his jaw, and thigh.
Following the death of Col. Edward D. Baker at Ball's Bluff, Wistar became the commander of the 71st Pennsylvania, promoted to colonel on November 11, 1861. The 71st participated in the Peninsular Campaign of 1862, although it isn't clear whether Wistar was actually present; at the Battle of Seven Pines (May 31 and June 1) the regiment was led by its major, and during the Seven Days Battles (June 30 and July 1) commanded by its lieutenant colonel. 
Wistar fought in the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862, and was wounded in his left arm. His commander, Oliver O. Howard, reported on Wistar's new injuries, saying "...with his right arm nearly useless from a former wound, had his left disabled." referring to the previous Ball's Bluff wounds. On November 29 Wistar was promoted to brigadier general, and he was assigned to brigade command in the VII Corps beginning on May 16, 1863. 
Beginning on July 18, 1863, Wistar commanded the District of Yorktown in Virginia, and that August the post was re-designated as a subdistrict of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina. In April 1864 he briefly was given divisional command of the XVIII in the Army of the James. On May 7 Wistar resumed leading a brigade and participated in the Bermuda Hundred Campaign, but eleven days later he was relieved of duty and replaced by Col. Griffen Stedman. Military historian Ezra J. Warner surmises Wistar performed poorly during this campaign, saying: 
Wistar's resignation from the Union Army was accepted by the U.S. War Department on September 15, 1864.
Postbellum career.
After resigning, Wistar resumed his law practice in Philadelphia, and he also was a noted penologist. He served as vice president of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, leading its coal and canal components. Wistar founded the Wistar Institute of Anatomy and Biology at the University of Pennsylvania in 1892, and also served as Inspector of the Pennsylvania State Penitentiary, both located in Philadelphia. He also served as president of the following organizations; the Pennsylvania State Board of Charities, the American Philosophical Society, and the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia.
Wistar also authored several works, including an autobiography and writings about war and penology. He retired in 1903 and died two years later at his summer home located in Claymont, New Castle County, Delaware. He was buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="21532052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532052" title="Dinagat Islands creation plebiscite, 2006">
Dinagat Islands creation plebiscite, 2006

The Dinagat Islands creation plebiscite was a plebiscite on the creation of the Province of Dinagat Islands from Surigao del Norte province in the Philippines. The plebiscite was held on December 2, 2006, and the results were announced on December 5, 2006.
Referendum question.
The Dinagat Islands creation plebiscite was supervised and officiated by the COMELEC pursuant to Resolution No. 7743.
The question of the said plebiscite was:
DO YOU APPROVE OF THE CREATION OF THE PROVINCE OF DINAGAT ISLANDS INTO A DISTINCT AND INDEPENDENT PROVINCE COMPRISING THE MUNICIPALITIES OF BASILISA, CAGDIANAO, DINAGAT, LIBJO (ALBOR), LORETO, SAN JOSE AND TUBAJON IN THE PROVINCE OF SURIGAO DEL NORTE, PURSUANT TO REPUBLIC ACT NO. 9355
Results.
San Jose was chosen as the capital of the new province.

</doc>
<doc id="21532056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532056" title="Key 10th Memorial Fes Anniversary CD">
Key 10th Memorial Fes Anniversary CD

Key 10th Memorial Fes Anniversary CD is remix album released on February 28, 2009 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog numbers "KSLC-0004—0005". It was released at Key 10th Memorial Fes, an event hosted by the visual novel development brand Key under Visual Art's and held during February 28 and March 1, 2009 to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the game brand's establishment. The album contains two discs with sixteen tracks, though only the music on the first disc is of new remixes of music from Key's visual novels. The second disc re-uses older remixes previously released by Key Sounds Label on the albums "Recollections" and "Ornithopter"; tracks one through six are from the former, and the remaining tracks are from the latter. The tracks on the album were composed, arranged, and produced by Jun Maeda, Shinji Orito, Magome Togoshi, Takumaru, Manack, Manyo, and PMMK.

</doc>
<doc id="21532065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532065" title="Uri Berenguer">
Uri Berenguer

Uri Berenguer-Ramos (born 1982 in Panama) is the play-by-play announcer for the Boston Red Sox Spanish Beisbol Network.
Berenguer joined the Spanish Beisbol Network in 2002 as a statistician, engineer, pregame and postgame host, and play-by-play announcer. He had previously worked as a statistician for WEEI and in the Red Sox community relations office. In 2003, Berenguer became a full-time announcer upon the departure of Juan Oscar Baez. At 21, he was one of the youngest full-time broadcasters in the history of the major leagues. In May 2005, Berenguer became the lead announcer following the death of broadcast partner Juan Pedro Villamán. In 2009, Berenguer was one of five announcers used by the MLB Network to call the Caribbean Series.
Berenguer was treated for histiocytosis at the Jimmy Fund Clinic at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute from 1985-2001. He is a graduate of the Boston Latin Academy and Northeastern University. He was a member of Latin Academy's baseball, football and track teams. His uncle Juan Berenguer played in the major leagues from 1978-1992.
On August 6, 2010, Uri debuted alongside Jade McCarthy on NESN Daily.
On November 12, 2010, NESN announced that due to the lack of chemistry with Jade McCarthy and the low ratings of the show, Uri Berenguer had been removed as co-host of NESN Daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21532067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532067" title="Experimental Military Unit">
Experimental Military Unit

The Experimental Military Unit (EMU) was a company-sized helicopter assault force which operated during the Vietnam War. The EMU was created by the integration of a contingent of Royal Australian Navy (RAN) aviation personnel (known as the RAN Helicopter Flight Vietnam or RANHFV) into the United States Army's 135th Assault Helicopter Company.
Organisation and role.
The EMU was formed around the US Army's 135th Assault Helicopter Company. The 135th had previously flown Caribou transports as a tactical air transport company, but was reoriented for helicopters following the Johnson-McConnell agreement of 1966, when all fixed-wing aircraft were transferred to the United States Air Force and all rotary-wing aircraft to the United States Army.
The 135th was integrated with the Royal Australian Navy Helicopter Flight Vietnam, an Australian contingent of eight pilots, four observers, four aircrew, twenty-four technical sailors and mechanics, and six administrative personnel, all drawn from 723 Squadron RAN. Four of these contingents were deployed during the Australian participation in the joint unit (RANHFV 1 through 4). The Australian officer in charge of the RAN contingent became the executive officer of the 135th Company, and because of their more extensive training and experience when compared to the American personnel (for example, one US Army flying instructor assigned to the company had only 125 hours flying experience, while each RAN pilot had over 1,000 hours), Australian personnel commonly filled out leadership positions throughout the company.
The collective name for the combined unit was the Experimental Military Unit, or EMU. The name was a backronym for emu, and was selected by the 135th before their deployment for being a large, fast, and highly mobile Australian bird. However, the designation amused Australian members of the company, because emus cannot fly.
The EMU was officially part of 12th Aviation Group, 1st Aviation Brigade, and was part of the US Army chain of command. A separate chain of command for RAN personnel was maintained to the Commander Australian Forces Vietnam. The Australian command chain was rarely used: David Farthing, who led RANHFV 3, claims he only had to use it once during his twelve-month deployment.
The main role of the EMU was to provide transport and support for units of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN), United States Army and Marine Corps, and Australian Army. For this purpose, the company was equipped with UH-1 Iroquois helicopters: thirty UH-1D or UH-1H 'Slick' troop-carrying helicopters (the EMU was the first Assault Helicopter Company to be equipped with the 'H' model), and eight UH-1C gunship helicopters (nicknamed Taipans, after the venomous Australian snake). The company was divided up into five platoons: two troop transport, one gunship, one maintenance, and one headquarters.
A typical daily deployment consisted of ten Slicks (plus a spare), two teams of two gunships, and a Command and Control helicopter (designated 'Charley Charley'). The helicopters would depart base at dawn, collect a unit (typically from the United States 9th Infantry Division, the United States 199th Infantry Brigade, the South Vietnamese III and IV Corps, or the 1st Australian Task Force), perform a combat assault, then return the unit to their base before dark. Other duties performed by the EMU, particularly from 1970 onwards, included dawn and dusk assaults; night hunter-killer patrols, which consisted of one Slick armed with flares, two gunships, and a Charley Charley armed with a high-power searchlight and a twin 0.50 calibre machinegun; and joint operations with the United States Navy SEALs, which typically involved locating and capturing senior Viet Cong personnel.
History.
Creation.
In 1966, the United States requested that Australia send more helicopter pilots to Vietnam, as the increase in the number of US and allied soldiers had increased beyond the capability of helicopter transport and support units. Because of Australian Army and Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) commitments in Vietnam and elsewhere, the only available pilots were from the RAN Fleet Air Arm. It was originally intended to integrate them with the Royal Australian Air Force's No. 9 Squadron, although the United States Army requested that the RAN pilots be integrated with one of their helicopter companies. On 14 July 1967, it was announced that the RAN Helicopter Flight Vietnam (RANHFV) would be created and combined with the US Army's 135th Assault Helicopter Company to form the Experimental Military Unit (EMU).
October 1967 – September 1968.
The components of the EMU arrived in Vung Tau during early October 1967: the 135th during the first week, and the RANHFV contingent during 16–18 October. The company was declared operational on 3 November 1967. The company operated from Vung Tau during November and December, then was relocated to Blackhorse Camp (operating base of the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment) in the Xuân Lộc district on 31 December.
In mid-February, while delivering the 9th Division to a landing zone near Mỹ Tho, the EMU encountered multiple companies of heavily armed North Vietnamese soldiers. One helicopter was shot down by a rocket, killing the American aircrew, and eight other aircraft were damaged. On 22 February 1968, a RAN EMU pilot was killed while leading a mission to extract South Vietnamese soldiers from a Viet Cong assault. He was the first Australian pilot to be killed in the Vietnam War.
A program started in late February, where pilots from No. 9 Squadron RAAF were invited to fly with the EMU for two-week stints: although officially conceived to promote knowledge-sharing between the Royal Australian Navy, Royal Australian Air Force, and the United States Army aviation branch, the plan also helped counteract pilot shortages in the EMU as United States personnel completed their twelve-month draft period and were not immediately replaced.
On 18 May, the EMU was assigned to transport the South Vietnamese 25th Division. During the landing, the force was ambushed by Viet Cong soldiers: ten aircraft were hit and several South Vietnamese were killed or wounded, although the only injury suffered by EMU aircrew was a bullet through the earlobe of an American pilot. It was later found that the attack resulted from an intelligence leak withitn the South Vietnamese unit, resulting in a tightening of procedures and the creation of 'Smoky'; an Iroquois modified to generate a smoke screen during landings.
On 21 August, a gunship was struck by a rocket and crashed, killing the three aircrew.
Starting from 9 September, the second RANHFV contingent was rotated in, with the EMU's Australian Executive Officer relieved on 30 September, and the last members of the first contingent departing on 15 October. During RANHFV 1's deployment, the EMU had flown 30,670 hours, with seven American and three Australian aircrew killed, plus eleven Americans and four Australians seriously injured.
October 1968 – September 1969.
On 23 October, the EMU met heavy resistance near Bến Tre while performing insertions and extractions of the 9th Division. Two helicopters crashed and were destroyed, and another seven damaged, but there were no aircrew casualties.
From November, the EMU was assigned to operate from Bear Cat Camp (operating base of the 222nd Aviation Battalion) near Biên Hòa, at the same time as their duties expanded to include supporting Royal Thai Army forces.
In January 1969, a RAN pilot was killed when his helicopter made contact with power lines during bad weather.
In mid-February, a gunship was shot down in Vĩnh Long by a Viet Cong force. The aircrew survived, and used the gunship's door-mounted M60 machine guns to keep the Viet Cong soldiers at bay until another EMU helicopter could rescue them. The Viet Cong commenced sporadic mortar attacks on Bear Cat on 22 February, forcing the EMU to evacuate their helicopters and support personnel to Blackhorse six times over the next seven days.
On 31 May, an EMU gunship escorting a formation near Đồng Tâm came under heavy fire and crashed, killing all aboard.
On 16 June, an Australian gunner aboard a Slick was wounded while providing covering fire for a medical evacuation of South Vietnamese soldiers near Cái Bè.
Despite the start of the wet season in June, North Vietnamese activity increased. This, combined with the loss of several helicopters and the replacement of the US 9th Infantry Division with the less professional South Vietnamese 7th and 9th Divisions as part of the 'Vietnamization' process, increased the EMU's workload.
RANHFV 3 began to rotate in from 10 September, and was completed by late September.
October 1969 – September 1970.
On 19 December, following a Viet Cong ambush in Bình Đại which killed half of a South Vietnamese unit, the EMU successfully deployed a blocking force in the path of the North Vietnamese withdrawal, which inflicted heavy casualties.
Several helicopters were shot down and crew chiefs killed or wounded during operations in the first months of 1970. Around the same time, the replacement of South Vietnamese commanders with more aggressive officers in the units the EMU operated with, a desire to prevent North Vietnam from launching another Tet Offensive-like attack, and the commencement of nighttime hunter-killer patrols dramatically increased the EMU's workload. This was compounded by shortages in new American personnel to replace those who had completed their draft, spare parts, and aircraft, forcing the EMU to borrow helicopters and aircrew from other units.
In early March, an EMU helicopter landed on a booby trap, seriously wounding the Australian pilot and killing two South Vietnamese passengers. Later that month, an American gunship aircrewman died from wounds received from enemy fire, while in a separate incident, five Slicks were damaged by gunfire.
At the start of May 1970, the EMU was marked to lead operations into Cambodia. However, as Australian personnel were forbidden by their rules of engagement from entering Cambodia, a point reinforced by the Australian Embassy the night before the first operation, the EMU was forced to operate without Australian personnel for several days, until they were reassigned to duties in Vietnam. The commitment of other helicopter units to the Cambodian campaign further increased the EMU workload.
On 18 May, a South Vietnamese outpost was overrun by a Viet Cong battalion. The EMU was called in to drop counterattacking troops into the area; during this the Australian-manned lead helicopter was damaged and had to withdraw. Another EMU helicopter was diverted from other operations to lead the insertions. The second leader received cockpit instrument damage from enemy fire, although the Australian pilot remained on station for several more waves. The pilot was later awarded the United States Silver Star, the South Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry, and was mentioned in despatches. Two days later, an EMU gunship crashed after being fired on by a .50 caliber machine gun, killing the American aircrew, while its companion was heavily damaged.
By the end of May, the shortage of United States personnel had been addressed, with the company brought back to full strength. However, the gunship platoon was down several helicopters, a situation that remained unaddressed as the UH-1C gunship was no longer in production, and the replacement, the AH-1 Cobra, had not been deployed to frontline units.
In August, the EMU was relocated to a base at Đồng Tâm, which also housed elements of the United States Navy SEALs and the Mobile Riverine Force. Although closer to the unit's normal operating areas (an advantage which was negated when the 21st Division, operating in the Mekong Delta began to require EMU support), the base was regularly subjected to mortar and rocket attacks (in the first month, the base was mortared on average once a week). The EMU was required to relocate completely within four days while continuing operations.
The Royal Australian Navy rotation from RANHFV 3 to RANHFV 4 occurred during September, with the EMU executive officer position formally handed over on 17 September.
October 1970 – June 1971.
Attacks on the base continued throughout October and November; five EMU personnel were wounded by mortar shrapnel on 3 November. On 11 November, the EMU was required to drop four waves of South Vietnamese soldiers into an engagement with a Viet Cong battalion near U Minh. During this, five aircraft were damaged, one of which was forced to land, but later recovered.
The vulnerability of the UH-1 Iroquois was demonstrated in late 1970, when five EMU helicopters were shot down in the Kien Hoa province by a single Viet Cong soldier armed with an AK-47 rifle. Nobody was killed in the resulting crashes, but all five helicopters had to be airlifted out by CH-47 Chinooks.
On 4 December, an Australian EMU pilot rescued a South Vietnamese patrol boat, which had been disabled and was drifting towards the Viet Cong force that had attacked it and sunk a companion craft. Despite coming under fire, the pilot achieved this by entangling his Iroquois' landing skids in the boat's superstructure and towing it away; he was later awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his actions.
Operations continued into the new year, and on 16 January 1971 an EMU helicopter was shot down, crashing upside-down. The American pilot was killed, but the other personnel survived the crash, linked up with South Vietnamese troops fighting in the area, and remained with them until helicopters of the 1st Cavalry Regiment drove the North Vietnamese off.
During late February and early March, South Vietnamese and American forces were involved in Operation Lam Son 719, an attempt to cut North Vietnamese supply lines (known as the Ho Chi Minh trail in Laos. Because of the Australian contingent, the EMU did not participate in this operation, but found that American pilots and aircrew intended for the unit to replace draft completers were instead being diverted to helicopter companies supporting the operation.
Early in 1971, it was announced that the RANHFV would be one of several Australian units to withdraw from Vietnam by mid 1971. The Australian personnel of the EMU ceased flying operations on 8 June, and departed on 16 June, marking the end of the joint-force Experimental Military Unit.
Awards and honours.
The Australian personnel received a number of honours and decorations: three were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE), eight received the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC), five the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC), and one received the British Empire Medal (BEM). Twenty four were Mentioned in Despatches, and thirty four received Naval Board Commendations. This was over half of the honours and awards presented to RAN personnel serving in the Vietnam War. Australian personnel were also awarded several Vietnamese and United States decorations.
723 Squadron RAN, the parent unit of the RAN Helicopter Flight Vietnam, was awarded the battle honour "Vietnam 1967–71".
Five RAN personnel assigned to the EMU were killed during the conflict, with another ten seriously injured: the highest casualty rate of any RAN unit in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="21532072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532072" title="Manav Nyaya Shastra">
Manav Nyaya Shastra

The Manab Nyaya Shastra is the first codified law of Nepal. It was written during the Malla Dynasty, which is known to be the 5th dynasty of Nepal. It was written by King Jayasthiti Malla in the 14th century along with the help of five learned persons; Kirtinath Upadhyaya Kanyakubja, Raghunath Jha Maithili, Srinath Bhatta, Mahinath Bhatta, and Ramanath Jha. The Manab Nyaya Shastra was consequently written after the study of Manu Smriti, Yagyawalkya Smriti, Mitachhyara Tika, Brihaspati Smriti, Narad Smriti and other holy texts. It was written concentrating on the practices that prevailed in the society then. The Manab Nyaya Shastra has introduced many legal provisions regarding houses, lands, castes, dead bodies etc. It was the major source of rendering justice during the medieval period. Much influence of religion can be found in the laws then.

</doc>
<doc id="21532083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532083" title="Padai Veetu Amman">
Padai Veetu Amman

Padai Veetu Amman is a 2002 Tamil religious film directed by Pugazhmani. The film features Ramki, Meena, Devayani and Ravali in lead roles. The film, produced by Televista Digitals Limited, had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 4 November 2002.
Plot.
Meena plays the dual role of Goddess Padai Veettu Amman, and the neighbouring deity Muthu Maariamman, cutting a pretty picture in all her finery. Devayani plays Chamundi, a devotee, and the film opens with her being killed brutally on the eve of her marriage by the henchmen of the local bigwig. The latter's daughter was in love with the intended bridegroom Shankar and the fond father had wanted to remove the only hurdle in the way. The bigwig, in order to get his hands on a hidden treasure, had also taken the help of an evil tantrik. The presiding deity Muthu Maariamman is helpless, bound as she was by a vow she had made to Chamundi. That she wouldn't step out of her abode till Chamundi herself asked her to. It is time for the neighbouring deity Padai Veetu Amman to come to the rescue of the distressed village.

</doc>
<doc id="21532097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532097" title="List of Hague Academy of International Law people">
List of Hague Academy of International Law people

List of people affiliated with the Hague Academy of International Law, including notable alumni, faculty, and administration. To be included in this list, persons should have either a Wikipedia article or an independent source verifying their affiliation with the Academy.
Faculty and administration.
This list includes both current or former permanent and visiting faculty members (professors and lecturers).

</doc>
<doc id="21532111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532111" title="I-121-class submarine">
I-121-class submarine

The was a class of submarine in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN), serving from the 1920s to the Second World War. The IJN classed it as a .
Construction.
The Empire of Japan received six U-boats as a reparation payment after World War I. The IJN copied and designed the "I-21" class (later renamed "I-121" class) minelaying submarine. Six boats were ordered, of which four were completed, two were cancelled. All boats were built in the Kawasaki Yard at Kobe.
Service.
When World War II began, they were considered obsolete and used as minelayers and supply submarines for flying boats in the Pacific. Three boats of the class were lost in action. The "I-121" survived the war and was sunk as a target post war.

</doc>
<doc id="21532141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532141" title="Suzuki GT550">
Suzuki GT550

The Suzuki GT550 is a two-stroke, air-cooled, three cylinder 1970s-era motorcycle in Suzuki's "Grand Touring" GT series. Even though total production of the 550 exceeded 60,000 examples spread over a six model year production run, this total was exceeded by both of its three cylinder GT series brothers. Suzuki produced over 80,000 units of the GT750 and over 100, 000 units of the GT380. All three models were originally offered for sale with the beginning of the 1972 model year with the 550 christened "Indy" for the North American market. Production of the 550 was delayed because it was not available to dealers in the U.S. until after April, 1972. In Suzuki's numbering scheme, automobile race tracks identify each of its 3 cylinder GT bikes for the North America market: 380 for Sebring, 550 for Indy, 750 for Le Mans.
Due to poor styling,high weight,poor ground clearance, a relatively low top speed and economical pricing the GT550 was more of a commuting and touring bike than a racer, despite its racetrack-derived name. 
Restoration.
Both the 380 and the 750 are more popular for restoration. Each of these models still commands a large following of enthusiasts when compared to the 550. One drawback to the desirability of the 550, is its lack of a racing heritage. This is due to the 550's unique engine displacement (actually 543cc) which prevented it from competing in the 500cc class. Equally, the 550 could not compete in the 750 class because it would not have been competitive against the 750s of the day. Most collectors/restorers are drawn to bikes with a claim to racing fame. Consequently, there are relatively few nice original or restored examples of the 550 around today, some 30+ years after the last 550 rolled off the assembly line in Hamamatsu.
Unique features.
Ram air system.
A unique feature of the 550 (and the 380 ) was its Ram-air cooling system for the one piece cylinder head. Two-stroke engines lose power quite rapidly after the engine reaches its critical temperature, so Suzuki decided to try out an idea that had been used with some success on its 500cc two stroke twin cylinder racer, the T500.
This system consisted of a two piece aluminum shroud bolted to the cylinder head to duct ambient air over the cylinder head finning. The centre part of the head had an increased fin area and a larger shroud entry area in an effort to keep the centre cylinder running at the same temperature as the naturally more exposed outboard cylinders. In practice, it has been found that the centre cylinder actually runs somewhat cooler at speed than the outboard cylinders, so the system does work as intended.
Visible emissions control.
Another unique feature for its time was the Suzuki Recycle Injection System (SRIS). This was the first attempt by anyone to reduce visible emissions from a two stroke motorcycle. It consisted of a small check valve in the bottom of each crank chamber. The logic behind this arrangement was that two strokes have a tendency to collect unburnt oil and gas in the bottom of the crank chamber at idle. Upon acceleration, after a period of idling, the unburned oil and gas gets sucked up the transfer ports and contributes to an overrich mixture for the first 5 to 10 seconds resulting in a smokescreen from the exhaust. The SRIS plumbing routed the unburned gas and oil to the next cylinder in the firing order thus allowing it to mix more thoroughly with the incoming charge of that cylinder and lowering the production of visible smoke. Overall fuel and oil consumption was unchanged but visible smoke was greatly reduced on sudden acceleration from rest. See the attached illustration for more details.
Exhaust system.
The exhaust itself was unusual for the time in that the centre exhaust header was split in two and exited into two mufflers much smaller than the single mufflers supplied for the two outboard cylinders. This gave a bike a balanced look with two mufflers per side. The header pipes were all joined via balance tubes, known as Exhaust Coupler Tube System (ECTS), to increase low end torque.
This feature was continued through to the end of production for the North American market but was dropped from the M model onwards in some other markets.
Automatic oil/gas mixing.
Suzuki had pioneered its version of automatic lubrication in 1966 to eliminate premixing of oil and gas as had been the norm for all two strokes up until then. This system was launched to eliminate mixtures with far too much oil due to the operator's unnecessary effort to preclude engine seizures. The 550 had the latest version of this multipoint oil injection called Crankcase Cylinder Injection (CCI).
Undersquare engine.
The 550 was considered by some to be well suited as a touring motorcycle with its long wheelbase and unstressed torquey engine. The engine will pull quite easily from ~3,500 RPM. The smaller bore/longer stroke dimensions allow quick burning of the air fuel mixture, allowing the use of regular grade gasoline. This type of undersquare engine configuration has long since been discarded for use in street bikes by most Japanese motorcycle engine designers due to its inherent limitations on power increases and the recent advances in combustion chamber design allowing the use of large bore cylinders and high compression without detonation issues.
Changes Year By Year.
Model Change Info
Sales Figures
1972 Model (Suzuki MY designation “J”).
The GT550 introductory model was Suzuki’s counter to Kawasaki’s 500cc three cylinder street bike designated H1. The H1 produced more powerful and was faster. The 550 had a broader power band with less peak power . With its broader supply of torque lower in the rev range, the 550 would pull away from a stop quite easily from ~3000 RPM. With its longer wheelbase, the 550 was stable in corners and at speed. Suzuki’s conservative design philosophy aimed to create a “gentleman’s tourer” rather than a “dragstrip burner”.
The initial model featured two striking paint schemes in the customer’s choice of Redondo Blue or Aztec Gold with contrasting striping on the tank and matching paint on the side covers.
Mechanical features included a massive four leading shoe double panel drum front brake shared with the GT750. The conventional telescopic front forks featured rubber gaiters covering the fork stanchions giving a dated appearance. Both fenders were chromed steel. Chrome and polished aluminum were used on the rest of the bike. The gas cap was, unusually for the times, lockable and this feature was carried on through to the end of production. The rear turn signal lenses were red . Engine cooling was by the Ram Air system. First year sales were 11,000+ units.
1973 Model (Suzuki MY designation “K”).
Two new paint and stripe schemes in Grace Lime Metallic and Hermosa Blue were featured for the annual model changeover.
A significant upgrade appeared in the form of a single hydraulically operated front disc brake. Otherwise the bike was the same as the previous model.
Both the wheel and the other fork leg are capable of accepting another disc and caliper and a switch to a twin-disc front brake (like the GT750) was not an uncommon modification some owners made (although the larger master cylinder from the 750 was required). The single disc arrangement continued throughout the rest of the GT550's production.
For some reason Suzuki also chose to have the brake light operated only by the rear brake (in the UK market). A switch was available as a spare part to fit onto the front brake master cylinder casting which would also operate the brake light. The necessary wiring was already included on the main wiring harness in the headlamp shell. Thus, the brake light would operate no matter which brake was used.
While the new disc brake was acceptable in dry riding conditions, in the rain, the disc brake was dangerous with an almost total lack of initial stopping power. Suzuki thoughtfully affixed a sticker to one of the fork sliders warning the rider of this fact. Fortunately the rear drum brake was very good.
This marginal braking setup was to plague the 550 (and all the disc braked motorcycles of the period) until the widespread adoption of the sintered brake pad in the mid 1970s. It took this advance in materials to finally make the use of stainless steel discs a less risky proposition on all bikes.
This MY sales were 14,000+.
1974 Model (Suzuki MY designation “L”).
This MY saw significant changes, both mechanical and appearance-wise, to keep the 550 abreast of the competition. Two different paint and stripe schemes were offered with a striking “swoosh” decal on the gas tank. Choice of colours were Hawaii Green or Marble Scarlet. Some markets received a third choice of Stardust Silver Metallic .
Gone was the rubber-gaitered front end, replaced by a cleaned up “Ceriani-style” set of forks. A touted benefit was better engine cooling but, with Ram Air, this was a non-issue for the most part. The three separate carburetors were gone, replaced by three “unitized” rack mounted items with a push-pull cable arrangement. Benefits were less costly carb balancing jobs and more accurate fuel metering. The handlebar mounted cable operated “choke” was gone, replaced by a lever mounted directly on the rack of carbs. The cylinder head and the Ram Air shroud were redesigned to cater for this new carb setup. The Ram Air shroud was now smoother and more modern looking without the cast-in ribs of the previous two models.
Along with the new carburetor arrangement there came a new airbox and filter assembly. It featured bright chrome end caps for an attractive appearance upgrade and easier servicing of the filters. The frame side covers were all new as well to blend in with the lines of the airbox end caps.
The chain guard was now chromed steel instead of black enamel. The shape of the guard was updated. The red turn signal lenses had disappeared, never to return on any of the GT series thereafter.
The instrument cluster still contained the speedometer and tachometer but a new item had been added. In another “first” for the motorcycle industry, Suzuki now supplied a digital gear indicator in the instrument cluster. There was a single digit LED number display in the centre of the instrument panel showing gear numbers 1 through 5 in a bright red colour. The neutral light indicator, however, was retained as a separate item.
This MY sales were 10,000+
1975 Model (Suzuki MY designation “M”).
Once again, two new paint schemes were featured to keep up appearances. Colour choices were Candy Orange or Gloss Black. Some markets received Candy Turquoise in lieu of Gloss Black. A more restrained striping scheme compared to the previous MY was in evidence, however.
The front forks were upgraded once again. However, the changes were mostly invisible to the average customer because the bulk of the changes were to the internal parts of the forks.
The Exhaust Coupler Tube System (ECTS) link between the exhaust pipes disappeared in some markets outside of North America. The North America
marketing area kept the exhaust coupler tubes through to the end of production. Power is now up slightly (53 bhp instead of 48.5 bhp claimed) for some markets outside North America.
All other details were as per the previous MY machine. This MY sales were 14,000+.
1976 Model (Suzuki MY designation “A”).
Again, two new paint and striping schemes were introduced. Colour choices were Forest Green or Targa Red.
One major change to the “A” model was the introduction of composite lined cylinders with iron piston rings for the UK and European markets. This coating was marketed as 'SCEM (Suzuki Composite Electrochemical Material)'. Although not completely accurate, this was more commonly known and referred to as a 'chrome plated bore'. For more information on this composite cylinder lining see the Wiki on Nikasil.
This was touted as a more durable arrangement with less repair costs when major servicing was required. Typical replacement costs were for new rings only rather than pistons, rings and reboring of the cylinder(s). The composite lining was supposed to last for the predicted life of the engine barring, of course, the effects of poor maintenance and/or abuse. Other benefits involved lower ring/cylinder wall friction for better efficiency along with better piston ring sealing capabilities. The GT550 was the only motorcycle in Suzuki's lineup, with the exception of the RE5 and a few RG500 racing machines, to receive this forward thinking feature. Many years would pass before Suzuki again used this type of rather expensive construction on a conventional road-going motorcycle.
The North American market machines carried on with chrome rings in iron linered cylinders.
Otherwise the 550 remained pretty much the same as per the previous MY machine. This MY sales were 9,000+.
1977 Model (Suzuki MY designation “B”).
The final 550 model had two new paint and stripe schemes but the side covers were now only available in a semi-gloss black colour, regardless of the tank colour. The headlamp holders were also finished in black. Tank colours were Spark Silver or Uranos Blue.
The faces of the speedometer and tachometer were changed from a blue background to brown to match the appearance of the instruments on the GS models. There was also a change in the plastic used as the 'glass' because it no longer developed serious opacity and cracks after long exposure to sunlight. 
The instruments did not get the then-unique 'rose coloured' back-lighting that the GS models had.
Trim items such as turn signals and taillight assembly were changed over to the same items as used on the new GS series four stroke bikes. 
The front brake caliper was changed to a pivoting unit made by Asco rather than the fixed Tokico caliper that had been supplied from the introduction of the disc brake system.
The GT and GS series were sold side by side during this one year overlap. This was the last MY for GT550 production. This MY sales were ~6,000+ making this the rarest of all the 550 models.

</doc>
<doc id="21532160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532160" title="José Guadalupe Cruz (footballer)">
José Guadalupe Cruz (footballer)

José Guadalupe Cruz (born Wednesday 22 November 1967 in Acopeo, Michoacán, Mexico) is the manager of Monterrey. He coached Atlante during the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
As a player, Cruz was a member of the Atlante side that won the 1993 Mexican championship. His close association with the club has continued into his coaching career. Two years into his second spell at the club, he has overseen a league title triumph and the Champions League victory that secured their spot in the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup. He generally favours an attacking style of play, although he has neutered this instinct somewhat during the Apertura, where he has typically operated with just one out-and-out striker.
On 26 August 2013, Cruz was appointed as manager of Monterrey after parting company with Víctor Manuel Vucetich.

</doc>
<doc id="21532163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532163" title="Democratic republic">
Democratic republic

A democratic republic is, strictly speaking, a country that is both a republic and a democracy. It is one where ultimate authority and power is derived from the citizens, and the government itself is run through elected officials.
However, in recent practice, countries that have described themselves as democratic republics have not always held free or fair elections. Two examples of this were the German Democratic Republic and the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, communist states commonly known as East Germany and North Vietnam. Another is the Democratic Republic of the Congo which in 2011 was rated by Freedom House as a "not free" country, having a rating of 6.0 (1.0 being completely free and 7.0 being completely unfree).

</doc>
<doc id="21532181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532181" title="Debate between bird and fish">
Debate between bird and fish

The Debate between bird and fish is a literature essay of the Sumerian language, on clay tablets from the mid to late 3rd millennium BC.
Seven ""debate"" topics are known from the Sumerian literature, falling in the category of 'disputations'; some examples are: The Debate between Winter and Summer; Debate between sheep and grain; the Tree and the Reed; bird and fish; and "The Dispute between Silver and Mighty Copper", etc. These topics came some centuries after writing was established in Sumerian Mesopotamia. The debates are philosophical and address humanity's place in the world.
Some of the debates may be from 2100 BC.
The bird and fish debate is a 190-line text of cuneiform script. It begins with a discussion of the gods having given Mesopotamia and dwelling places for humans; for water for the fields, the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, and the marshes, marshland, grazing lands for humans, and the birds of the marshes, and fish are all given.
The debate then begins starting with Fish addressing Bird.
The debate, in short summary.
Fish speaks first.
The initial speech of Fish:
The 2nd and 3rd paragraphs continue:
Bird's initial retort.
Bird replies:
Bird continues:
Šulgi rules in favor of Bird.
After the initial speech and retort, Fish attacks Bird's nest. Battle ensues between the two of them, in more words. Near the end Bird requests that Culgi decide in Bird's favor:
Šulgi proclaims:

</doc>
<doc id="21532189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532189" title="Quezon del Sur creation plebiscite, 2008">
Quezon del Sur creation plebiscite, 2008

The Quezon del Sur creation plebiscite was a plebiscite on the creation of the Province of Quezon del Sur from Quezon; the original Quezon province would have been renamed to "Quezon del Norte" had the plebiscite been approved by the residents of Quezon. The plebiscite was held on December 13, 2008, and the result was a slight majority rejecting the creation of the province. 
Gumaca would have been the capital of Quezon del Sur, while Lucena would have been retained as Quezon del Norte's capital. Both provinces would have remained part of the CALABARZON Region (Southern Tagalog, Region-4A) under their original acronym "ZON" (Quezon).
Referendum question.
The Quezon del Sur creation plebiscite was supervised and officiated by the COMELEC pursuant to Resolution No. 8553.
The question of the said plebiscite was:
DO YOU APPROVE OF THE CREATION OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEZON DEL SUR, WHICH SHALL BE COMPOSED OF THE MUNICIPALITIES OF AGDANGAN, BUENAVISTA, CATANAUAN, GENERAL LUNA, MACALELON, MULANAY, PADRE BURGOS, PITOGO, SAN ANDRES, SAN FRANCISCO, SAN NARCISO, UNISAN, ALABAT, ATIMONAN, CALAUAG, GUINAYANGAN, GUMACA, LOPEZ, PEREZ, PLARIDEL, QUEZON AND TAGKAWAYAN, AND THE RENAMING OF THE MOTHER PROVINCE OF QUEZON INTO QUEZON DEL NORTE, WHICH SHALL BE COMPOSED OF THE MUNICIPALITIES OF BURDEOS, GENERAL NAKAR, INFANTA, JOMALIG, LUCBAN, MAUBAN, PAGBILAO, PANUKULAN, PATNANUNGAN, POLILLO, REAL, SAMPALOC, TAYABAS CITY, CANDELARIA, DOLORES, SAN ANTONIO, SARIAYA, TIAONG AND LUCENA CITY, PURSUANT TO REPUBLIC ACT NO. 9495 DATED SEPTEMBER 7, 2007?
Background.
In 1992, Republic Act No. 9495 [http://www.lawphil.net/statutes/repacts/ra2007/ra_9495_2007.html] was proposed to further divide Quezon into Quezon del Norte and Quezon del Sur. Quezon del Norte was to be composed of the first and second congressional districts of the province (Burdeos, General Nakar, Infanta, Jamalig, Lucban, Mauban, Pagbilao, Panukulan, Patnanungan, Polillo, Real, Sampaloc, Tayabas, Candelaria, Dolores, San Antonio, Sariaya, Tiaong and Lucena City), with Lucena City as its capital. Quezon del Sur, with its capital at Gumaca, would have been composed of the third and fourth congressional districts (Agdangan, Buenavista, Catanauan, General Luna, Macalelon, Mulanay, Padre Burgos, Pitogo, San Andres, San Francisco, San Narciso, Unisan, Alabat, Atimonan, Calauag, Guinayangan, Gumaca, Lopez, Perez, Plaridel, Quezon and Tagkawayan). The act lapsed into law without the signature of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on September 7, 2007.
As required by law, the COMELEC held a plebiscite on December 13, 2008, 60 days after Republic Act No. 9495 took effect. Gov. Rafael Nantes, one of the original authors of the law, and Vice Gov. Carlos Portes, opposed the division of the province. Board member Sonny Pulgar and businessman Hobart Dator Jr. launched the "Save Quezon Province Movement." The Comelec allotted P 50 million for the plebiscite. Academician Prof. Joseph Jadway "JJ" Marasigan provided what he called the "strong theoretical framework" that deemed the said split as a step backward. He instead called for the professionalization of service institutions and the differentiation of functions as the answer to the province's increasingly becoming complex environment. He organized students and fellow academicians to oppose such move. His participation resulted in a grave misunderstanding with Lucena Catholic Bishop Emilio Marquez who strongly supported the idea of splitting the province. Marasigan maintained that bishops have no business in dealing with entirely political matters and should refrain from using their influence over their flock. Gov. Rafael Nantes later softened his stand against the proposed creation of Quezon del Sur. Accordingly, upon request of Comelec Chair Jose Melo, a P38 million "Special Allotment Release Order" was issued by the Department of Budget and Management to the Commission on Elections (Philippines) to fund the holding of the plebiscite.
On November 17, 2008, Save Quezon Province Movement (SQPM) asked the Supreme Court of the Philippines to declare Republic Act 9495 as unconstitutional, and to restrain the implementation of a November 12 COMELEC Resolutions Nos. 8533, 8534, 8535, 8537, 8538 and 8539, setting the plebiscite. Yet the plebiscite proceeded with the majority of votes rejecting the division, therefore the split did not push through.

</doc>
<doc id="21532199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532199" title="So Many Nights (song)">
So Many Nights (song)

"So Many Nights" is the title track from The Cat Empire's 2007 album of the same name. It was the second single released from the album and was released as an EP on the iTunes Store. The second track from the EP is a cover, taken from the Paul Kelly album, "Under the Sun".
"So Many Nights" was ranked number 50 in the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21532217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532217" title="Eladio Jala">
Eladio Jala

Eladio Manligues Jala (born February 18, 1949) is a Philippine lawyer and politician.
Biography.
It is a long way from rural Loboc in Bohol to the congressional halls in Batasan Hills in Quezon City. Starting out a teacher, Jala as a lawyer- lawmaker, representing the 3rd district of Bohol in the Lower House for three consecutive terms.
Jala was born in Loboc to Olegario Jala and Gregoria Manligues and begun his studies at the town's Central Elementary school. He was later sent to the Divine Word College (DWC), now Holy Name University, in Tagbilaran City for his secondary and tertiary education, finishing a Political Science course and predictably, going on to law school. Among the many Bar examinees coming from the DWC School of Law, Eladio came out to be the only one who passed the rigid exams in 1982, an achievement of note attesting to a triumph no one can refute.
Between finishing a Law degree and passing the bar however, Jala was a high school teacher in Quinoguitan in Loboc, and in Bohol School of Arts and Trade, now Central Visayas State College of Agriculture, Forestry and Technology (CVSCAFT), in Tagbilaran City. This stint as an educator was a potent input that consciously influence many of his decisions as a legislator. His concern for the youth is reflected on the bills he had authored or co- authored in Congress.
For a decade starting in 1982, he became a law practitioner and an active member of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines (IBP) Bohol Chapter . Eventually, he was chosen by his peers as a member of the board of Directors of the lawyers' group, and later, as its vice president. He continues to be a member of the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG), IBP, Brotherhood of Christian Businessmen and Professionals, Bohol island Lions International Club, aside from being a human rights lawyer.
He became a provincial lawmaker, winning a seat in the provincial board in 1992. For six years as a Provincial Kagawad, Jala sponsored some 180 resolutions and has authored some 50 ordinances, reflecting innate and selfless dedication to the job.
In 1998, he became representative in the third district of Bohol. Jala was chosen to chair the Committee on Civil Service and Professional Regulation, Senior Vice Chairman of the Higher and Technical Education committee, and a member of some 13 other House Committees.
Jala approved the filing of a measure that touches on the granting of civil service eligibility to government employees who have rendered continuous service for more than 10 years . He also filed a bill seeking to outlaw political turncoatism which has long made a mockery of our political system. Another bill be authored seeks to adopt community service as a human alternative penalty for certain offenses in lieu of imprisonment and fines.
Jala shares martial bliss with Remedios Limbago Jala for the past 24 years. They have two children, Adam Nelson, a neophyte lawyer and succeeded him as representative in the Third District in 2007 elections and Majesty Eve.

</doc>
<doc id="21532222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532222" title="Maida (dog)">
Maida (dog)

Maida was a deerhound belonging to Sir Walter Scott, reported to be his favourite dog. Named after the Battle of Maida, which took place in 1806, he was a gift from Glengarry, a friend of Scott, and whose brother led the 78th Highlanders in the battle, which was a significant win for the British, against the French, in the Napoleonic Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="21532226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532226" title="Hanmi Bank">
Hanmi Bank

The Hanmi Bank is a community bank founded in 1982, and encompasses most of California. As of 2008, it owned and operated approximately twenty-two branches. 
Hanmi Bank, which offers both personal and business financial services, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hanmi Financial Corporation, Inc.
History.
The bank expanded very quickly after its inception; just five years after opening its doors the Hamni Bank conducted its IPO and is listed on NASDAQ. 
Throughout its history the bank has bought and acquired several companies such as the First Global Bank as well as the Pacific Union Bank and the Chun Ha Insurance Agency. In 2001, they listed on the NASDAQ as (symbol: HAFC). More recently, they expanded to include Insurance and Wealth Management services.
In 2005, Hanmi Bank named Korean American economic forecaster Sung Won Sohn as its CEO. He retired from that position in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21532239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532239" title="Badminton at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games">
Badminton at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games

The badminton tournament at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games was held from December 6 to December 12 in Ho Chi Minh City of Vietnam. The men's and women's tournament have no age limit.

</doc>
<doc id="21532244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532244" title="Freaky (2008 TV series)">
Freaky (2008 TV series)

Freaky is a British television series with David Penn (magician) in which a group of magicians perform tricks on common bystanders, featured on Channel 4 in the UK and G4's Duty Free TV (USA).

</doc>
<doc id="21532283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532283" title="List of procellariiformes">
List of procellariiformes

This is a list of the Families, Species and Sub-species belonging to the Procellariiformes Order. 
Conservation status - IUCN Red List of Threatened Species:
Albatrosses.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Diomedeidae
The albatrosses are a family of 21 species of large seabird found across the Southern and North Pacific Oceans. The largest are among the largest flying birds in the world.
Fulmars, petrels, prions and shearwaters.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Procellariidae
The procellariids are the main group of medium-sized "true petrels", characterized by united nostrils with medium nasal septum, and a long outer functional primary flight feather.
Storm-petrels.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Hydrobatidae
The storm-petrels are the smallest of seabirds, relatives of the petrels, feeding on planktonic crustaceans and small fish picked from the surface, typically while hovering. Their flight is fluttering and sometimes bat-like. 
Diving Petrels.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Pelecanoididae
The diving-petrels are relatives of the petrels distinguishable only by small differences in plumage and bill construction. They feed on plankton by pursuit diving.

</doc>
<doc id="21532286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532286" title="Beder Meye Josna">
Beder Meye Josna

Beder Meye Josna (, also known as Beder Meye Jyotsna) is a 1991 Bengali film directed by Motiur Rahman Panu which is the remake of a famous Bangladeshi movie Beder Meye Josna. The film starred Chiranjit, Anju Ghosh. This movie is a first Indo-Bangladesh co-production of Bengali film The original movie is also reputed to be the highest grossing Bangladeshi film of all time.
Plot.
In Bengali language "Bede" means a caste or group of people who make their life by catching 
snakes and entertaining people by making snakes dancing with the tune of there special type of flute. 
Joytsna (Anju Ghose) was a girl from this community. One day a poisonous snake gave a bite at the 
foot of local prince (Chiranjit). A bede was called to cure the prince. He saw and told that it is possible 
only by Jyotsna. Only she can suck the poison from his blood.King called Jyotsna and requested her 
to do so in exchage he is agree to give her everything she wants. Jyotsna cured the prince and herself
became faint. After a long prayer to god by her mother and the queen she got sense and demanded the 
hand of the prince but the king protested. When prince came to know everything he also fell in love with Jyotsna.
Then after a long tug of war they insisted the king to agree and got married.
This story was taken from a very old rural Bengali play of the same name. Tune of the title song "Beder meye Jyotsna amay katha
diyeche" was adopted from the song "Ek pardesi mera dil le gaya" from the film Phagun (1958).

</doc>
<doc id="21532299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532299" title="Welborn">
Welborn

Welborn can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21532316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532316" title="Julius Caesar Herrera">
Julius Caesar Herrera

Julius Caesar Falar Herrera (born April 21, 1953) is a Filipino lawyer and politician. Herrera is the present president of the Vice Governors League of the Philippines.
He was married to Atty. Florenda Leyson Herrera.
Education.
Herrera finished Bachelor of Laws at the University of San Jose Recoletos in Cebu City in 1980 and in 1981 successfully passed the Bar examination. 

</doc>
<doc id="21532317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532317" title="Democratic revolution (disambiguation)">
Democratic revolution (disambiguation)

Democratic revolution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21532318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532318" title="John Miller (author)">
John Miller (author)

John "Jack" Miller is a novelist originally from Newberry, Michigan.
Career.
Military career.
John Miller retired from the Air Force as a Senior Master Sergeant. He was awarded the US Army and Air Force Good Conduct Medal and several Air Force Commendation Medal and Air Force Meritorious Service Awards. He served as an Air Force Office of Special Investigations special agent.
Law enforcement career.
After leaving the Air Force, Miller began his second career with the Clark County District Attorney's Office as a special investigator, working with undercover teams from the local Police and the FBI conducting burglary stings. He then joined the Nevada Gaming Control Board as an enforcement agent.
He was also certified as an expert witness in state and federal courts for gambling cheat trials.
Writing career.
As of 2009, John Miller has written seven books.
Several short stories
four screenplays, one for a movie and three for TV (one hour)

</doc>
<doc id="21532320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532320" title="Konark Express">
Konark Express

The Konark Express is a daily express train of the Indian Railways connecting Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CSTM) to Bhubaneshwar (BBS). The train numbered 11019 leaves Mumbai at 3:10 PM and arrives at Bhubaneshwar three days later by 4:25 AM. The return journey, numbered 11020, leaves Bhubaneshwar at 3:20 PM and arrives at Mumbai by 3:55 AM three days later. It is one of the oldest trains connecting the eastern and western states of the country.
Route.
Major halts on the way are Dadar, Kalyan, Lonavala, Pune, Daund, Solapur, Gulbarga, Secunderabad, Kazipet, Warangal, Mahbubabad, Vijayawada, Rajamundry, Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam, Palasa and Berhampur and Khurda Road.
The total distance traveled is 1932 km. It covers about 1066 km in the state of Andhra Pradesh itself.
Train Halts List.
Source: India Rail Info
The following is the timetable for 11019 Konark Express. For 11020 Konark Express, the timetable is just the reverse of the same.

</doc>
<doc id="21532336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532336" title="Josh Fields">
Josh Fields

Josh Fields is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21532345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532345" title="German–Soviet Axis talks">
German–Soviet Axis talks

In October and November 1940, German–Soviet Axis talks occurred concerning the Soviet Union's potential entry as a fourth Axis Power. The negotiations included a two-day Berlin conference between Soviet Foreign Minister Vyacheslav Molotov, Adolf Hitler and German Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop, followed by both countries trading written proposed agreements. Germany never responded to a November 25, 1940, Soviet proposal, leaving the negotiations unresolved. Germany broke the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact in June 1941 by invading the Soviet Union.
Background.
Soviet-German 1939 agreements and past hostilities.
During the summer of 1939, after conducting negotiations with both a British-French group and Germany regarding potential military and political agreements, the Soviet Union chose Germany, resulting in an August 19 German–Soviet Commercial Agreement providing for the trade of certain German military and civilian equipment in exchange for Soviet raw materials. Four days later, the countries signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, which contained secret protocols dividing the states of Northern and Eastern Europe into German and Soviet "spheres of influence."
Just before the signing of the agreements, the parties had addressed past hostilities, with German Foreign Minister Joachim Ribbentrop telling Soviet diplomats that "there was no problem between the Baltic and the Black Sea that could not be solved between the two of us." Diplomats from the two countries addressed the common ground of anti-capitalism, stating "there is one common element in the ideology of Germany, Italy, and the Soviet Union: opposition to the capitalist democracies," "neither we nor Italy have anything in common with the capitalist west" and "it seems to us rather unnatural that a socialist state would stand on the side of the western democracies."
A German official explained that their prior hostility toward Soviet Bolshevism had subsided with the changes in the Comintern and the Soviet renunciation of a world revolution. A Soviet official characterized the conversation as "extremely important". At the signing, Ribbentrop and Stalin enjoyed warm conversations, exchanging toasts and further discussing the prior hostilities between the countries in the 1930s.
Ribbentrop stated that Britain had always attempted to disrupt Soviet-German relations, was "weak", and "wants to let others fight for her presumptuous claim to world dominion". Stalin concurred, adding, "If England dominated the world, that was due to the stupidity of the other countries that always let themselves be bluffed." Ribbentrop stated that the Anti-Comintern Pact was directed not against the Soviet Union, but against Western democracies, and "frightened principally the City of London British financiers and the English shopkeepers".
He added that Berliners had joked that Stalin would yet join the Anti-Comintern Pact himself. Stalin proposed a toast to Hitler, and Stalin and Soviet Foreign Minister Vyacheslav Molotov repeatedly toasted the German nation, the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, and Soviet-German relations. Ribbentrop countered with a toast to Stalin and a toast the countries' relations. As Ribbentrop left, Stalin took him aside and stated that the Soviet Government took the new pact very seriously, and he would "guarantee his word of honor that the Soviet Union would not betray its partner."
Relations while dividing Poland.
One week after the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact's signing, the partition of Poland commenced with the German invasion of western Poland. The Soviet Comintern suspended all anti-Nazi and anti-fascist propaganda, explaining that the war in Europe was a matter of capitalist states attacking each other for imperialist purposes. When anti-German demonstrations erupted in Prague, Czechoslovakia, the Comintern ordered the Czech Communist Party to employ all of its strength to paralyze "chauvinist elements." Moscow soon forced the French Communist Party and the Communist Party of Great Britain to adopt an anti-war position.
Two weeks after the German invasion, the Soviet Union invaded eastern Poland, coordinating with German forces. On September 21, the Soviets and Germans signed a formal agreement coordinating military movements in Poland, including the "purging" of saboteurs. A joint German-Soviet parade was held in L'vov and Brest. Stalin had decided in August that he was going to liquidate the Polish state, and a German-Soviet meeting in September addressed the future structure of the "Polish region." Despite a warming by the Comintern to Germany, German tensions increased when the Soviet Union stated in September that it must enter Poland to "protect" their ethnic Ukrainian and Belorussian brethren therein from Germany, though Molotov later admitted to German officials that this excuse was necessary because the Soviets could find no other pretext for the Soviet invasion.
Three Baltic States described by the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, were given no choice but to sign a so-called 'Pact of defense and mutual assistance' which permitted the Soviet Union to station troops in them.
Expansion of raw materials and military trading.
Hitler's pressing for a German invasion of Poland in 1939 placed tremendous strain on the German war machine, which had been gradually gearing up for total war in 1942 or 1943. Germany's lack of raw materials meant that it had to seek increased supply from outside. However, a British blockade occurred, leaving it increasingly desperate for materials. The only remaining state capable of supplying Germany with the oil, rubber, manganese, grains, fats and platinum it needed was the Soviet Union. At the same time, the Soviets' demands for manufactured goods, such as German machines, were increasing while its ability to import those goods from outside decreased when many countries ceased trading relations after the Soviet entry into the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact.
Accordingly, Germany and the Soviet Union entered an intricate trade pact on February 11, 1940 that was over four times larger than the one the two countries had signed in August 1939. The trade pact helped Germany to circumvent the British blockade. In the first year, Germany received hundreds of thousands of tons of cereals, oil, and other vital raw materials, transported through Soviet and occupied Polish territories. In addition, the Soviets provided Germany with access to the Northern Sea Route for both cargo ships and raiders (though only the raider "Komet" used the route before June 1941), which forced Britain to protect sea lanes in both the Atlantic and the Pacific.
Deterioration of relations in mid-1940.
Finland, the Baltics and Romania.
In November 1939, the Soviet Union invaded Finland, resulting in stiff losses and the entry of an interim peace treaty in March 1940 granting the Soviet Union the eastern region of Karelia (10% of Finnish territory). In mid-June 1940, when international attention was focused on the German invasion of France, Soviet NKVD troops raided border posts in Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia, replacing each government with pro-Soviet politicians who requested entry for their respective countries into the Soviet Union. In June, the Soviets issued an ultimatum demanding Bessarabia, Bukovina, and the Hertza region from Romania. After the Soviets agreed with Germany that they would limit their claims in Bukovina to northern Bukovina, Germany urged Romania to accept the ultimatum. Two days after the Soviet entry, the Romanians caved to the Soviet demands and the Soviets occupied the territory.
The Soviet invasion of Finland, which had been covertly ceded to it under the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact secret protocols, created domestic problems for Hitler. The German populace did not know about the secret protocols dividing up spheres of influence. Many Germans opposed the Soviet invasion of fellow Nordic peoples, and Finland possessed close ties with Germany. Hitler had to deflect opposition to Germany's pro-Soviet policies, including that by even Nazi party stalwarts. Supporting the Soviet invasion became one of the most ideologically difficult aspect of the countries' relationship.
The secret protocols caused Hitler to be in the humiliating position of having to hurriedly evacuate ethnic German families, the Volksdeutsche, who had lived in Finland and the Baltic countries for centuries, while officially condoning the invasions. While the three Baltic countries, not knowing about the secret protocols, sent letters protesting the Soviet invasions to Berlin, Ribbentrop returned them. In August, Molotov told the Germans that, with the government change, they could close down their Baltic consulates by September 1. The Soviet annexations in Romania caused further strain. While Germany had given the Soviets Bessarabia in the secret protocols, it had not given them Bukovina. Germany wanted the 100,000 tons of grain for which they had previously contracted with Bessarabia, guarantees of German property safety, guarantees for 125,000 Volksdeutsche in Bessarabia and Bukovina, and reassurance that the train tracks carrying Romanian oil would be left alone.
Increasing German raw material dependence.
In the summer of 1940, Germany grew even more dependent on Soviet imports. German occupations of France, the Netherlands, and Belgium created additional demand while decreasing avenues for indirect supply. Compared to 1938 figures, the expanded Greater Germany and its sphere of influence lacked, among other items, 500,000 tons of manganese, 3.3 million tons of raw phosphate, 200,000 tons of rubber and 9.5 million tons of oil. Meanwhile, the Baltic invasions resulted in the Soviet occupation of states on which Germany had relied for 96.7 million Reichsmarks of imports in 1938 at blackmailed favorable economic terms, but from which they now had to pay Soviet prices. An eventual invasion of the Soviet Union increasingly looked like the only way in which Hitler believed that Germany could solve that resource crisis. While no concrete plans were yet made, Hitler told one of his generals in June that the victories in western Europe "finally freed his hands for his important real task: the showdown with Bolshevism", though German generals told Hitler that occupying Western Russia would create "more of a drain than a relief for Germany's economic situation."
Suspension of Soviet raw materials to Germany.
In August 1940, the Soviet Union briefly suspended its deliveries under their commercial agreement after their relations were strained following disagreement over policy in Romania, the Soviets war with Finland, Germany falling behind in its deliveries of goods under the pact, and Stalin being worried that Hitler's war with the West might end quickly after France signed an armistice. The suspension created significant resource problems for Germany.
By the end of August, relations improved again as the countries had redrawn the Hungarian and Romanian borders, settled some Bulgarian claims and Stalin was again convinced that Germany would face a long war in the west with Britain's improvement in its air battle with Germany and the execution of an agreement between the United States and Britain regarding destroyers and bases.
However, in late August, Germany arranged its own annexation of part of Romania, targeting oil fields. The move raised tensions with the Soviets, who responded that Germany was supposed to have consulted with the Soviet Union under Article III of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact.
The Axis Pact.
Before entering a deal with Italy and Japan, German officials had discussed the feasibility of including the Soviet Union as a fourth member to direct Soviet focus southward, to the Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf, both of which were currently in the British sphere of influence. German officials indicated that they would be willing to give the Soviet Union freedom to operate east of the Dardanelles.
Just before the signing of the agreement, Germany informed Molotov that it would enter the pact, and that while it was not explicitly stated, it was effectively directed against "American warmongers" by demonstrating to them the folly of war with three great powers aligned against them. Moscow had actually been aware of the proposed pact terms from Soviet intelligence sources in Japan.
On September 27, 1940, Germany, Italy and Japan signed the Axis Pact, which divided the world into spheres of influence and was implicitly directed at the United States. The pact contained an explicit provision (Article 5) stating that it did not concern relations with the Soviet Union. Molotov, worried that the pact contained a secret codicil pertaining specifically to the Soviet Union, attempted to extract information from the Japanese ambassador in Moscow, Togo.
On a home visit, German Moscow military attache Ernst Köstring stated on October 31 that "the impression is steadily growing in me that the Russians want to avoid any conflict with us."
Meanwhile, from August to October, Germany conducted a massive air campaign against Britain to prepare for "Operation Sea Lion", the invasion of Britain.
War or a higher level pact.
Throughout the summer, Hitler vacillated between plans to attack the Soviet Union, or to offer them part of a deal like the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, except looking south, where the Soviets would receive ports only on the west side of the Black Sea, or they might be given the Bosporus if Germany maintained a friendly third party state with access, such as Bulgaria.
German ambassador to Moscow Friedrich von der Schulenburg had been contemplating a potential four power pact since the collapse of France in June. After he covertly learned about Hitler's potential Soviet invasion plans, which he opposed, von der Schulenburg and others began attempting to sway Hitler and his contingent to at least extend their agreement so long as Russia's claims remained in the areas of Turkey and Iran. He even concealed in his reports to Berlin the Soviets' doubts about Germany's good faith after the annexations in Romania.
Köstring, von der Schulenburg and others drafted a memorandum on the dangers of a German invasion of the Soviet Union, including why the Ukraine, Belorussia and the Baltic States would end up only being a further economic burden for Germany. German Foreign Office State Secretary Ernst von Weizsäcker argued that the Soviets in their current bureaucratic form were harmless, the occupation would not produce a gain for Germany and "why should it not stew next to us in its damp Bolshevism?"
The October Stalin–Ribbentrop exchange.
In October 1940, Stalin requested that Molotov be permitted to discuss with Hitler the countries' future relations. Ribbentrop responded to Stalin in a letter that "in the opinion of the Führer... it appears to be the historical mission of the Four Powers--the Soviet Union, Italy, Japan and Germany -- to adopt a long range-policy and to direct the future development of their peoples into the right channels by delimitation of their interests in a worldwide scale."
The delivery of Ribbentrop's letter was delayed to Stalin, resulting after earlier press stories in the ideas no longer seeming "fresh", causing Ribbentrop to lash out at the German Moscow embassy personnel. When delivering the letter, von Schulenberg stated that the Berlin conference would be a preliminary meeting preceding a convening of the four powers.
Stalin was visibly pleased by the invitation for talks in Berlin. Stalin wrote a letter responding to Ribbentrop about entering an agreement regarding a "permanent basis" for their "mutual interests."
On November 6, Köstring wrote that "since Göring has now put our military deliveries in balance with the Russian deliveries, one may hope that the negotiations will end in peace and friendship." During the first two weeks in November, German and Soviet economic negotiators in Moscow enjoyed moderate success. German military economic negotiators had hoped for success in the negotiations, in part, because they felt this would strengthen their arguments against Hitler's then increasingly anti-Soviet policy.
On November 1, Army General Staff head Franz Halder met with Hitler and wrote, "The Führer hopes he can bring Russia into the anti-British front." After Franklin D. Roosevelt won the presidential election four days later after promising there would be no foreign wars were he elected, Goebbels noted "after his statement, Roosevelt will hardly be able to enter the war in an active capacity." Meetings with Benito Mussolini, Ribbentrop explained the German view of the meetings, that the acid test would be the Soviets' stand on the Balkans. With the Balkans and the Bosporus a potential "dangerous overlapping of interests", if the Soviets backed away from it, it would be a peaceful and even preferable alternative to an invasion.
Hitler revealed to Mussolini that he did not expect to accommodate the Soviets beyond forcing Turkey to yield to some guarantees on the Bosporus. Nor did he want Stalin taking a Romanian entry point to the Bosporus, stating "one Romanian bird in the hand is worth more than two Russians in the bush." But Hitler stated that he was skeptical because he believed that Stalin was obsessed with the Danube and Bulgaria. Germany was aware, however, that the Soviets had attempted to extend guarantees to Bulgaria to become its ally and that Bulgaria had turned them down.
Molotov travels to Berlin.
November 12.
Stalin sent Molotov to Berlin to negotiate the terms for the Soviet Union to join the Axis and potentially enjoy the spoils of the pact. Molotov spent much of the trip to Berlin searching his rail car for listening devices. Molotov's train arrived at 11:05 a.m. on November 12. It was a bad omen for success that von Schulenberg, the architect of the meeting, was excluded. Molotov was greeted by Ribbentrop at the train station decorated with Soviet and Nazi flags above a large basket of flowers, with a band playing "The Internationale" for the first time since 1933. After a brief breakfast, the talks started immediately that day at the Schloss Bellevue Hotel. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, a Moscow journal published certain selected correspondence revealing that Stalin was closely supervising Molotov's talks via telegram, but some of those telegrams remain unpublished.
At the outset, Ribbentrop stated, "England is beaten and it is only a question of time when she will admit her defeat... The beginning of the end has now arrived for the British empire." He further stated that "the entry of the United States into the war is of no consequence at all for Germany. Germany and Italy will never again allow an Anglo-Saxon to land on the European Continent... This is no military problem at all... The Axis Powers are, therefore, not considering how they can win the war, but rather how rapidly they can end the war which is already won." He further stated that Germany and the Soviet Union had together "done some good business."
Accordingly, Ribbentrop concluded that the time had come for the four powers (Germany, the Soviet Union, Italy and Japan) to define their "spheres of interest." He stated that Hitler had concluded that all four countries would naturally expand "in a southerly direction." Ribbentrop said he wondered if the Soviets might turn southward toward the sea, and when Molotov inquired "which sea?", Ribbentrop stated that "in the long run the most advantageous access to the sea for Russia could be found in the direction of the Persian Gulf and the Arabian Sea."
Regarding the division of the world into four spheres of influence, Molotov stated the new idea was "very interesting" and worthy of a discussion in Moscow with Ribbentrop participating. Stalin became annoyed with a telegram to him from Molotov stating that the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact was "exhausted" with the exception of the Finnish issue, with Stalin stating that any future agreements would merely be added to it because it served as a fundamental basis for Soviet-German relations.
In the afternoon, Molotov visited Hitler at the Reichskanzlei. Hitler also spoke of striking that "final blow against England." Hitler stated that "it is time to think about division of the world after our victory." Regarding the "problem of America" he stated that it could not "endanger the freedom of other nations before 1970 or 1980." He and Molotov agreed that the United States had no business in Europe, Africa or Asia. Hitler stated that there were no fundamental differences between the two countries in their pursuit of aspiring for "access to the ocean." Molotov expressed his agreement with Hitler about the role of America and Britain and Soviet participation in the Axis Pact in principle but only if the Soviets could participate as an active partner. That same day, Germany also postponed until the following year its plans to invade Britain because of failures in the air campaign against Britain.
Molotov agreed with Hitler that there were no unresolved problems between the countries, except about Finland. When Molotov returned to his hotel, he stated that he was "relieved at Hitler's amiability." In a telegram to Molotov that night, Stalin insisted that the security of the USSR cannot be ensured "without securing tranquility in the area of the Straits", referring the Bosporus straits for entry into the Black Sea. That was linked directly with the Soviet-Bulgarian agreement for passage of Soviet troops for "the defense of entry into the Black Sea." Stalin added that "this question still bears current importance and does not allow any procrastination."
November 13.
Molotov and Hitler resumed their discussions the next morning. Molotov demanded to know why German troops were occupying Finland, while Hitler replied that they were traveling through Finland to Norway and wondered whether the Soviets intended to go to war over Finland. While Hitler agreed that Finland was within the Soviets' sphere of influence, he also stressed that Germany had a legitimate wartime interest in Finland's nickel and wood supply and that any new conflict in the Baltics would lead to a severe strain in relations. Molotov concluded that nothing good could come from further talks about Finland and stated that he saw no signs of any resumption of a Soviet-Finland conflict.
Molotov conveyed Stalin's interest in reviewing the status of the Bosporus, and pressed for a guarantee for Bulgaria, at least in principle. Molotov later noted that Hitler became "markedly agitated" at the request to revoke guarantees to Romania. Molotov stated Stalin's wish to grant a guarantee to Bulgaria similar to the one that Germany and Italy had granted to Romania. Hitler pointed out that the Soviets had entered Bukovina in Romania, which went beyond the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. Hitler stated the parties had prior made an oral agreement that the former Austrian territories, such as the Balkan states within the Austro-Hungarian empire, were to fall within the German sphere of influence. Hitler pointed out that a primary goal of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was to restore the old empires of the countries. Stalin, still hopeful to get a draft agreement, was monitoring the conversations by telegram and sent a telegram to Molotov to remind Hitler of the importance of securing the Bosporus, explaining the events of the Crimean War. Hitler stated that he could not make decisions regarding Bulgaria without conversing first with Italian leader Benito Mussolini.
Hitler changed the subject to the larger matter of the opportunities available after the conquest of England. Hitler told Molotov that: 
Molotov told Hitler that "the time has now come to discuss a broader agreement between the USSR and Germany", but first the Soviets wanted to know the precise meaning of "the New Order in Europe" regarding participating countries and the basic ideas of the pact. Molotov then was scheduled to meet with Ribbentrop that afternoon.
A telegram Molotov sent to Stalin on the meeting with Hitler underscored "Hitler's great interest in reaching an agreement and strengthening friendly relations with the USSR with respect to spheres of influence." Molotov stated that his talk with neither Hitler nor Ribbentrop produced the desired results, as the issues with Turkey and the Balkans had not been answered.
Because of British aerial bombardment, Ribbentrop and Molotov conducted talks that night in an air raid shelter. Ribbentrop reiterated that the chief goal was to define the four powers' interests and reach an agreement with Turkey on Bosporus issue. Ribbentrop proposed several parallel steps the parties should then take including that Molotov should discuss the issues raised in Berlin with Stalin while Ribbentrop discussed them with Japan. Germany, Italy and the USSR would also pressure Turkey to acquiesce to Soviet demands on the Bosporus. Thereafter, the parties would negotiate and draft confidential documents bearing mind that the final accord would be a Soviet entry into the Axis pact. What Molotov did not know is that, that night, Hitler issued secret "Instruction No. 18", directing his forces to continue to prepare for war in the east "irrespective of the results yielded by these discussions."
German proposed draft agreement.
In the air raid shelter, Ribbentrop gave Molotov a draft agreement with two parts. As had become the practice between the parties, one part was of the agreement that would eventually be made public, while the other contained the secret agreement. The public portion contained an agreement with a ten year term whereby the parties would respect each other's natural spheres of interests, while Germany, Italy and Japan would affirm their recognition of existing Soviet borders.
The draft of the secret agreement included the obligation not to join any alliance directed at the four signatories and to assist each other in economic matters. The secret agreement contained a protocol defining the territorial objectives of the four signatories, with Germany laying claims to central Africa, Italy in northern and northeast Africa, Japan in southeast Asia and the Soviet zone to the to ”center south of the national territory of the Soviet Union in the direction of the Indian Ocean.” A second secret protocol provided that Germany, Italy and the Soviet Union would "liberate" Turkey from its international obligations with Britain to guarantee its borders.
Molotov stated that the Soviet Union was concerned with several European issues, such as Turkey and Bulgaria, but also the fates of Hungary, Romania, Yugoslavia and Greece. In addition, the Soviets were also interested in the question of Swedish neutrality and passage out of the Baltic sea. Molotov also sarcastically remarked about why, if England's fate was sealed, they were talking in an air raid shelter.
Reaction to Molotov trip.
The news that Molotov held talks in Berlin initially stunned world media, with the British press endeavoring to determine whether the Soviets were preparing to join the Axis pact. When Molotov returned, he noted that the meeting produced "nothing to boast about", that Ribbentrop's projected trip to Moscow was no longer mentioned but that the German draft proposal led to a complacent, rather than crisis, approach of continuing negotiations through "diplomatic channels."
The pro-"Continental Bloc" Germans in Ribbentrop's entourage expected that Stalin would eventually yield given the weakness of the Red Army. Weizsäcker commented that "we can continue for a long time" and that "war with Russia is impossible as long as we are busy with England, and afterwards it will be unnecessary." On November 14 Köstring reiterated his conviction that the Soviet Union had no aggressive designs indeed, just the contrary: "Molotov's trip (to Berlin) is for me just further proof of an idea that I have long held namely, that the Soviet Union wants to have peace with us, since it cannot expect any advantage from a conflict with us . . . The decisive factor in the Soviet desire for peace is and remains the demonstrated strength of our army."
Bulgarian pressure and a surprise.
Hitler had already issued a secret directive on the eventual attempts to invade the Soviet Union. However, he had not abandoned hopes, talking still of a "great worldwide coalition that stretched from Yokohama to Spain", but he had resolved to not give up the Balkans.
In the meantime, the Soviets immediately summoned the Bulgarian ambassador to the Foreign Ministry, stating that the Soviets needed to do a deal with the Bulgarians before they joined the Axis and that Germany was attempting to make them a puppet state. The Bulgarians turned down the offer and leaked it to Germany. Hitler still hoped to dissuade Stalin from giving guarantees to Bulgaria if they could solve the Bosporus issue and pressed the Bulgarian ambassador that the Soviets could be persuaded against resistance if the Bulgarians joined the pact, while warning about the horrors of a Soviet occupation.
The Soviets meanwhile produced the biggest surprise. In an unannounced November 25 visit in Sofia, the Soviets told the Bulgarian Prime Minister that, if Bulgaria permitted the Soviets troop transfer access, the Soviets were prepared to drop their objections to Bulgaria's entry into the Axis and, most surprisingly, stated that it likely would not be an issue as it would "very probably, almost certainly" lead to the Soviets' own entry into the Axis. The stunned Bulgarian Prime Minister stated that this required further contemplation. The Soviet negotiators had concluded that the Bulgarian government "is already committed to Germany to the hilt."
Soviet counterproposal agreement.
Stalin told the head of the Comintern (Georgi Dimitrov, a Bulgarian) that, while Germany wants Italy in the Balkans, at the end of the day, it has no choice but to recognize that the Soviets have interests in maintaining Black Sea access and to assure that the Bosporus would not be used against them.
Stalin directed Molotov to draft a new pact with a much greater scope, including the division of Europe, Asia and Africa among the four powers. On November 25, the same day as the surprise statement of Soviet non-resistance to Bulgaria's joining the Axis and a potential Soviet joining of the Pact, the Soviets offered a counterproposal to Ribbentrop's draft agreement. It began with "The Soviet government is prepared to accept the draft of the Pact of Four Powers on political cooperation and economic mutual assistance." Instead of two secret protocols, Stalin proposed five: 
The offer came concurrently with massive German-favorable economic offers. The Soviets promised, by May 11, 1941 the delivery of 2.5 million tons of grain—1 million tons above its current obligations. They also promised full compensation for the Volksdeutsche property claims.
German reaction.
Schnurre, who could not conceal his delight over the offer, immediately telegrammed Berlin that "in view of the present status of the negotiations here, Molotov's statements today must be viewed as a surprising indication of good will on the part of the Soviet Government. Molotov's proposal regarding compensation for property claims in the Baltic states considerably exceeds our expectations."
Hitler, however, saw the Soviet territorial ambitions in the Balkans as a challenge to German interests and saw its plan as effectively making Bulgaria into an adjunct of the Axis pact. On several occasions, Molotov asked German officials for their response to Moscow's counterproposals, but Germany never answered them. Germany's refusal to respond to the counterproposal worsened relations between the countries. Regarding the counterproposal, Hitler remarked to his top military chiefs that Stalin "demands more and more", "he's a cold-blooded blackmailer" and that "a German victory has become unbearable for Russia" so that "she must be brought to her knees as soon as possible."
On December 5, Hitler received military plans for the possible invasion, and approved them all, with a schedule to begin in May 1941. On December 18, 1940, Hitler signed War Directive No. 21 to the German high command for an operation now codenamed Operation Barbarossa stating: "The German Wehrmacht must be prepared to crush Soviet Russia in a quick campaign." The date for the invasion was set for May 15, 1941.
In speaking to his generals in December, Stalin referenced Hitler's references to a Soviet attack in "Mein Kampf", stated that they must always be ready to repulse a German attack, stated that Hitler thought that the Red Army would require four years to ready itself such that "we must be ready much earlier" and "we will try to delay the war for another two years."
On January 17, 1941, seven days after the German–Soviet Border and Commercial Agreement, Molotov asked German officials whether the parties could then work out an agreement for entry into the Axis pact. Molotov expressed astonishment at the absence of any answer to the Soviets' November 25 offer to join the Pact. They never received an answer. On March 1, 1941, Bulgaria joined the Axis, which further unsettled Stalin when combined with Germany's continued ignoring of Stalin's November 25, 1940 Axis entry proposal.
Three years later, Friedrich Werner von der Schulenburg was executed as one of the conspirators in the July 20, 1944 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
"Falsifiers of History".
In 1948, one month after Nazi government foreign ministry documents describing the negotiations were publicly released by the United States, the Soviet Foreign Information Bureau wrote a response in a book titled "Falsifiers of History". After receiving translations of the newly released documents, Stalin personally edited, struck and re-wrote entire sections by hand drafts he had been given of "Falsifiers" before its release in February 1948.
In "Falsifiers", Stalin claimed that he was merely "probing out" Germany in Axis negotiations and to have outright rejected Hitler's proposal to share a division of the world. That version persisted, without exception, in all historical studies, official accounts, memoirs and textbooks published in the USSR until 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21532346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532346" title="Cognitive phonology">
Cognitive phonology

Cognitive phonology is usually thought of as the study of the ‘sound systems’ of languages. It is an attempt to classify various correspondences between morphemes and phonetic sequences and is a part of cognitive grammar. One attractive feature of cognitive phonology is that other aspects of grammar are directly accessible due to its subordinate relationship with cognitive grammar; thus making relationships between phonology and various aspects of syntax, semantics and pragmatics feasible.

</doc>
<doc id="21532351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532351" title="End of empire">
End of empire

End of empire is a phrase that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21532353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532353" title="Peterson Avenue Hill">
Peterson Avenue Hill

Peterson Avenue Hill is one of the few remaining brick streets in Louisville, Kentucky. It is Louisville's best known brick street or alley.
Description.
The brick portion of the street covers a steep hill with a mean slope of approximately 15 degrees. The brick portion originally extended for approximately 740 feet but asphalt paving has already been applied to about 137 feet at the top of the hill, leaving an area, of brick paving 603 feet by 30 feet wide.
The hill is paved with vitrified bricks which are laid at angles in a sand base. The angling is not found in any other remaining brick alley street in the city. This method helps to create traction on the surface in wet weather. The hill is edged by a stone curb. 
sides.
History.
Peterson Avenue was created when the Peterson-Dumesnil House's estate was carved up in the late 19th century and Crescent Hill became a subdivided residential neighborhood. The Peterson-Dumesnil estate was carved into property for Barrett Middle School and four residences, all on the east side of the hill. In 1902, Louisville passed an ordinance calling for the avenue to be paved. The street takes its name from Joseph Peterson, a wealthy tobacco merchant who built the Peterson-Dumesnil house in 1869 or 1870. 
Bricks were a popular choice at the time, as Louisville had several brickyards and bricks were cheap and an improvement over previous paving surfaces such as clay, clay-sand, and gravel or macadam.
There is an oral tradition associating the hill with the early history of the automobile in Louisville. Car dealers would boast that their cars could pull Peterson Hill in high gear,
and many cars were put to just such a test. The fire department also used Peterson Hill to test its new fire engines.
In June 1979, Peterson Avenue Hill was designated a local landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21532355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532355" title="High Altitude Warfare School">
High Altitude Warfare School

The High Altitude Warfare School (HAWS) is a training and research establishment of the Indian Army. It trains Indian Army personnel in high altitude mountain warfare and develops ideas and techniques for fighting in such difficult terrain. It is the one of the best mountain warfare training schools in the world.
History.
The school was established in December 1948 by General Kodendera Subayya Thimayya, then holding the rank of Brigadier. It was initially known as the "19 Infantry Division Ski School". During the winter of 1949-50, the school was redesignated as a Command Establishment and renamed as the "Winter Warfare School". On 8 April 1962, it was upgraded to a Category A Training Establishment and adopted its current name.
Training.
HAWS offers two training programs, the "Mountain Warfare course" and the "Winter Warfare course". The Mountain Warfare course is conducted in Sonamarg between May and October each year. The Winter Warfare course is conducted in Gulmarg between January and April. The two courses train personnel in High Altitude warfare, counter intelligence and survival skills. Army personnel deployed to the Siachen Glacier and to other high altitude forward posts on the Himalayan borders go through the courses.
HAWS is the nodal instructional facility for specialized training and dissemination of approved doctrines in mountain, high altitude and snow warfare. The training programs at HAWS are open to personnel of the armed forces of friendly countries.

</doc>
<doc id="21532357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532357" title="Gilman Rankin">
Gilman Rankin

Gilman Warren Rankin (April 17, 1911–October 31, 1993) was a Boston-born actor who appeared primarily in television westerns between 1956 and 1975.
Between 1957 and 1959, he had a supporting role as Deputy Charlie Riggs in seven episodes of the series "Tombstone Territory". Rankin further guest starred nine times between 1960 and 1975 in various roles on CBS's "Gunsmoke" with James Arness.
His first western role was as the Reverend Simon Peter Wheedle in the 1956 film "Ghost Town", which also starred character actor John Doucette. Other western roles followed: as Jed in the 1956 episode "Patrol" of NBC's "Frontier", as Tawanga in the 1957 episode "The Doctor" of 
ABC's "Broken Arrow", as Judge Parnell in the 1957 film "Black Patch", and as Cy Conway in the 1957 episode "Death on the Rock" of Rod Cameron's syndicated series, "State Trooper".
Rankin guest starred in numerous drama programs, including his first television appearance as Vince in the 1955 episode "Prison Break" of Broderick Crawford's syndicated crime drama "Highway Patrol". He appeared twice on CBS's "The Millionaire" fantasy drama in 1955 and 1957 and as an announcer in the 1957 episode "Blizzard" of NBC's "The Loretta Young Show". He also appeared on NBC's "Jane Wyman Presents", CBS's "Lassie", NBC's "Dragnet", CBS's "Perry Mason", ABC's "The Untouchables", and the syndicated "Border Patrol" in the 1959 episode "The Logmen".
Other western roles included that of a foreman in the episode "Tom Horn" of Dale Robertson's then NBC series "Tales of Wells Fargo" and twice on NBC's "Laramie" in 1959 episodes "Stage Stop" and "The General Must Die", in which he appears briefly as Union Army General William Tecumseh Sherman.
Rankin also appeared on Richard Boone's CBS western "Have Gun - Will Travel", and the short-lived NBC "Overland Trail" series in the episode "Daughter of the Sioux". He appeared as Tully in the 1960 episode "Disaster at Gold Hill" of ABC's "The Alaskans". He portrayed the character Thornlee in the 1960 episode "Incident at Tupelo" of ABC's "The Man From Blackhawk". In 1960-1961, he appeared on CBS's "The Texan", starring Rory Calhoun, and NBC's "Riverboat", with Darren McGavin.
Rankin's later appearances were on NBC's "Grindl" and "Empire" (1963), ABC's "The Long, Hot Summer" (1965), the film "Midnight Cowboy" (1969), Raymond Burr's NBC series, "Ironside" (1971), and as Henry Cottle in the 1974 episode "The Graduation" of CBS's "The Waltons".
Rankin's final appearance was as a bus driver in the 1976 film "Assault on Precinct 13".
Rankin died at the age of eighty-two in Huntington Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21532366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532366" title="Buyong Adil">
Buyong Adil

Buyong Adil (born Mohd Yusuf bin Adil in 1907) was a National Historian of Malaysia. At that time, Buyong was a nickname given by parents to their favourite child.
Biography.
Education and Career.
Yusuf bin Adil, better known as Buyong Adil, was born in January 1907 at Teluk Intan, Perak. He received his early education at Sekolah Melayu Teluk Anson and later entered the Kolej Latihan Sultan Idris (SITC), Tanjung Malim in 1924. He was the best student at SITC and became a lecturer there after graduating. He began to write on history after his teacher, Cikgu Abdul Hadi Hassan, shifted to Kelantan. In 1939, Buyong Adil wrote Sejarah Alam Melayu Penggal IV and Sejarah Melayu V. 
During the Japanese occupation, he was selected to undergo Japanese teacher training at the Tokyo Shihan Gakko which is located in Kajang, Selangor. 
After the Japanese occupation ended, he was appointed as a headmaster in a school in Ipoh. During this time, he started being actively involved in the Perak Malay Coalition (Perikatan Melayu Perak). This led to the British appointing him as the head for the radio station for all the Malay schools in Singapore (which was at that time still a part of Malaysia). He also directed his first play after the Japanese occupation. 'Megat Terawis' was staged mainly for the teachers and their family members. Later, he became the historical advisor for Tan Sri P Ramlee's first movie to be shown in colour: 'Hang Tuah'.
After retiring from the government in 1962, he was chosen as a member of Singapore's Public Services Commission (Perkhidmatan Awam Singapura) from 1963 until 1969. During that time, he managed to write Sejarah Johor, Sejarah Selangor, Sejarah Perak and Sejarah Pahang. He also assisted Tan Sri Senu Abdul Rahman in collecting materials for the book Revolusi Mental in 1970.
In 1971, he started work at Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka (DBP) as a research officer for history. This was when he began to write his other books such as Sejarak Sarawak, Sejarah Perlis, Sejarah Negeri Sembilan, Sejarah Melaka, Sejarah Kedah, Sejarah Terengganu and Sejarah Kelantan which were published by DBP. He died on the 31st of August 1976.
The Government English Secondary School (GESS) in Tapah was renamed as SM Buyong Adil Tapah in 1977.
Marriage and Family.
Buyong Adil married at the age of 22. His wife, Halimah binti Mohd Daim, was from Gopeng, Perak. She died in April 2005. They had 2 sons and 3 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21532367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532367" title="Beatrice M. Hinkle">
Beatrice M. Hinkle

Beatrice Moses Hinkle (1874–1953) was a pioneering American feminist, psychoanalyst, writer, and translator.
Early life and marriage.
Hinkle was born in San Francisco, California, to physician B. Frederick Moses and Elizabeth Benchley Van Geisen. In 1892 she married Walter Scott Hinkle, an assistant district attorney. Hinkle had considered studying law, but after being discouraged by her husband "with a good hardy laugh", she entered Cooper Medical College (now part of Stanford University) in 1895.
Writing.
In 1905 Hinkle became the first woman physician in the country to hold a public health position (McHenry, 1980). She was appointed as San Francisco's city physician. This particular fact was very important in her career because this was the very first time a female doctor was given such a responsibility. In 1908 she moved East to New York City and (along with Dr. Charles R. Dana) founded the country's first therapeutic clinic in the United States in 1908 at Cornell Medical School (McHenry 1980). In 1909 she decided to study with Freud and left for Vienna. While she admired Freud's contributions to psychoanalysis, she later broke with his teachings finding herself at odds with the rigid sexual hypotheses of the strictly Freudian analysts (Karier, 1986). Freud's lack of recognition to women's psychological autonomy led her to change her mind about Freud's understanding of the human psyche. Thus Freud's thinking pushed her to aligned herself with the psychoanalytic group that supported Carl Jung's theories. Tired of hearing Freud's assertion that female psyche was a derivation of the male's, Dr. Hinkle returned to New York in 1915 determined to spread Jung's words in America.
One of Dr. Beatrice Moses Hinkle's major distinction is that she was the first to present Carl Jung's writing to the English-speaking world. Jung's consideration of the female psyche as independent from males, attracted the admiration of Dr. Hinkle in such degree that she became the official translator of his work in America. In 1916 she translated "Psychology of the Unconscious: A Study of the Transformations and Symbolisms of the Libido". She was a fundamental part of the book since her own ideas were included in this work. She renewed these theories and remained a constant contributor. Dr. Hinkle added several theories of her own that were constructed through her personal experience with both Freud and Jung. She broadened the context of terms such as "complex" and "repression." She explained that " This important group of ideas or impressions, those that come out from the patient's mind while being psychoanalyzed, with the feelings and emotions clustered around them which are betrayed through this painful process, was called by Jung a complex" (Hinkle, 1916, p. 14).
Dr. Hinkle thought that one of the most attractive parts of Jung's theories was referred to the relief for those in revolt against the repressive character of the patriarchal society that under girded Freud's worldview (Karier, 1986). In this aspect, Jung proposed that the mother is the real dominant figure in the child's life and not the father as proposed by Freud. This also allowed for a break with the masculine dominance of Freudian psychology without blurring the traditional distinctions between masculine and feminine psychosexual roles. About this particular Jung's assertion, Dr. Hinkle expressed: "Jung's development of this point of view shows very clearly that, just as the problem of the father is the great fact of Freud's psychology, the problem of the mother is the essence of Jung's, with the struggle carried on between the two great forces of love and power" (Karier, 1986, p. 291). Thus Jung's consideration of the female psyche as independent from males, attracted the admiration of Dr. Hinkle in such degree that she became the official translator of his work in America.
Hinkle was a member of the Greenwich Village based feminist network, the Heterodoxy Club, lending credence to the group by being the only professionally trained and practicing psychoanalyst. It was as a member of this group that she began writing, including occasional contributions to Progressive Education Survey and Harper's Magazine. Her themes included women's rights, women's suffrage, and issues of divorce, individualism, and legal status. She wrote often of the need for women to liberate themselves from what she called the "psychic bondage" of women to men.
Her book, "The Re-Creating of the Individual: A Study of Psychological Types and Their Relation to Psychoanalysis", was favorably reviewed in the New York Times in 1923. In addition to her own writing and Jung translations, she also contributed to the books "The Book of Marriage" by Herman Keyserling, and "Our Changing Morality" by Freda Kirchwey.
Her autobiographical essay was published in 2003 in "These Modern Women: Autobiographical Essays from the Twenties", edited by Elaine Showalter.

</doc>
<doc id="21532377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532377" title="Lithuanian partisans (disambiguation)">
Lithuanian partisans (disambiguation)

The Lithuanian partisans can refer to various irregular military units in different historical periods active in Lithuania against foreign invaders and occupiers:

</doc>
<doc id="21532395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532395" title="John S. O'Connor">
John S. O'Connor

John S. O'Connor (27 December 1896 – 2 November 1967) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A solicitor, he was elected on his second attempt, to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency at the 1944 general election. He lost his seat at the 1948 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21532400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532400" title="Manic Hispanic">
Manic Hispanic

Manic Hispanic is a punk rock/Chicano rock band from Orange County and Los Angeles, California. They are a semi-parodic act that plays cover versions of punk rock and hardcore punk "standards" by slightly renaming songs and adjusting lyrics to address Chicano culture. The band's members are all Mexican or part Mexican and use stage names further marking the Mexican/Chicano image of the band. Manic Hispanic is a punk supergroup made up of former and/or current members of The Adolescents, The Grabbers, Punk Rock Karaoke, The X-Members, 22 Jacks, Final Conflict, Agent Orange, Death by Stereo and The Cadillac Tramps.
Band Formation.
Manic Hispanic was originally started in 1992 by Mike "Gabby" Gaborno (aka Jefe) from The Cadillac Tramps and Steve Soto (aka El Hoakie Loco) from The Adolescents/22 Jacks, originally with the intent to perform doo-wop versions of punk songs. Members later recruited are: Chino and Mo Grease (members of The Grabbers), Oso (from The Cadillac Tramps), Mad Ralphie (aka Steve"Ace" Acevedo a Sound Engineer and tour manager), and Sonny (aka Tio). According to their Myspace page, the band members have changed since their first album.
The name of the band keeps with their habit of mashing up Latin/Cholo culture with punk culture, the name being a play on Manic Panic a brand of hair dye popular in the punk scene.
Recorded Material.
Their first album was released in 1992 on Doctor Dream records. Entitled "The Menudo Incident", a reference to Guns N' Roses' "The Spaghetti Incident", it featured cover versions of songs by The Buzzcocks, The Damned, X, Black Flag, Wire, The Clash, and others. These cover versions featured rewritten lyrics humorously reflecting the Chicano identity of the band and Chicano/Mexican culture as a whole. Tracks commonly include lyrics sung in Spanish, English, and Chicano "slang" aka Caló. Examples include songs such as The Damned's "New Rose" retitled "New Rosa", and Eddie and the Subtitles' "American Society" retitled "Mexican Society." "The Menudo Incident" also contains a version of Tejano/country musician Freddy Fender's "Before the Next Teardrop Falls", a bilingual hit when released by Fender in the 1970s. The cover art mimicked the Guns N' Roses release, showing a bowl of menudo, the traditional Mexican tripe specialty.
The band returned with a second album in 2001, "The Recline of Mexican Civilization" (spoofing the punk film "The Decline of Western Civilization") for BYO Records. BYO also released "Mijo Goes to Jr. College" (aping The Descendents' "Milo Goes To College") in 2003, and "Grupo Sexo" (spoofing the Circle Jerks' "Group Sex") in 2005. These albums modify the original cover art of the albums they are playing off of. The band's out-of-print debut album, "The Menudo Incident", was reissued by BYO in 2003.
The band has also released t-shirts based on the Ramones logo, Dead Kennedys' graphics, and the Social Distortion logo.
Chicano Identity.
The band's biography information from BYO Records is written in a humorous style, alleging in jest that forming the band was suggestion by one of their parole officers. Although this may be interpreted as tongue-in-cheek, the band has declared in an interview for InMusicWeTrust.com that, "we're not cholos or gangsters, but we come from that heritage and we're proud of it."
While most of the band's material is delivered with a sense of humor, political undertones do occasionally appear in their music, such as "Get Them Immigrated", a reworking of The Offspring's "Come Out and Play". The track lampoons US border officials and urges immigration from Mexico into the US. Another track, "Poem" from "The Menudo Incident", tells a first-hand account of fearing a potential drive-by shooting, told over a doo-wop backing. In addition, their cover of Iggy & The Stooges' "I Got A Right" includes the lyric, "I got a right, got a right to speak/any language I want, yeah." The band also traditionally plays live in California on Cinco de Mayo.

</doc>
<doc id="21532402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532402" title="2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup">
2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup

The 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup was the 5th edition of the tournament. It was held in Germany from July 13 to August 1, 2010. Sixteen teams, comprising representatives from all six confederations, were taking part in the final competition, in which Germany had a guaranteed place as the host nation.
Qualified teams.
Nigerian team ban.
On June 30, 2010, President of Nigeria Goodluck Jonathan announced he would suspend the Nigeria Football Federation from FIFA competition for 2 years. This put the Falconets place at the competition in jeopardy. On July 5, 2010, the ban was lifted.
Final draw.
No two teams from the same confederation were to be drawn in the same group, with the exception of Group A, which would include two European teams.
Group stage.
The ranking of each team in each group was determined as follows:
If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows:
It has been decided by FIFA to remove the use of the fair play point system as an option to determine the ranking
of teams at the conclusion of the group phase (art. 25 par. 5g).
Knockout stage.
Final.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21532410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532410" title="Anna Donald">
Anna Donald

Anastasia Katherine "Anna" Donald (née Courtice; 1966 – 1 February 2009) was an Australian pioneer in the field of evidence-based medicine as well as an epidemiologist and company director.
Early life and early education.
Anastasia Katherine "Anna" Courtice is the child of biologist Tony Courtice and Janet, then an honours student in Classics at the University of Sydney, in 1966. Via Janet, Anna is of Anglo-Chinese descent; Anna's maternal grandmother's surname is Dong.
At age 2 years, Anna's parents separated. Following her parents' separation, Anna and her mother lived with Anna's maternal grandparents for a year. Later, Courtice's mother divorced Courtice and married lawyer Bruce Donald, with whom she would rear Anna Donald.
Donald undertook her secondary education at North Sydney Girls High School in Crows Nest, New South Wales and Narrabundah College in Canberra. During this time, Donald distinguished herself from her peers by winning state and national prizes in mathematics and French. Further, she represented Australia in the International Mathematical Olympiad. However, her education at North Sydney Girls was not without issue. In 1981, after Bruce Donald and Janet separated, Anna experienced emotional symptoms and developed anorexia nervosa.
In Year 10, Donald attended school in France for several months. Depressed and disenchanted with her old school when she returned to Australia, Donald then moved Narrabundah College in Canberra, where she completed Years 11 and 12.
Tertiary education and training.
After completing Year 12 at Narrabundah College, Donald gained entrance to the University of Sydney in 1985, where she resided in Wesley College, University of Sydney and the Women's College, University of Sydney and earned a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in History and Pre-Clinical Medical Studies, in 1989.
During her collegiate education, Donald won the Henry Lawson Prize for a collection of short stories. In addition to this, Anastasia also presided over the 1988 World Universities Debating Championship held in Sydney, at which she met her future husband, Michael Roland Hill, a member of the winning debating team from the University of Oxford. Donald was elected to the University Senate (1989), President of the University of Sydney Union (1987–88), and Honorary Treasurer of the University of Sydney Union (1986–87) during this time.
Donald later won the 1989 Rhodes Scholarship for New South Wales, becoming the second woman from the state to win the award. Donald's paternal grandfather was also a recipient of a Rhodes Scholarship in the 1930s. Donald attended the University of Oxford in Oxford, Oxfordshire, United Kingdom, as a member of St Hilda's College, Oxford, where she read for a Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery (B.M.B.Ch.) degree. After her medical studies, Donald interned in Oxford and did residencies in other parts of Oxfordshire, England; Glasgow, Scotland; and Kenya.
Following her residencies, Donald attended Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, during which time she was sponsored by a Menzies Scholarship, a Kennedy Fellowship, and a Caltex Award and where she earned a Master's in Public Policy (M.P.P.).
Career.
Donald worked as a doctor and lecturer in epidemiology and public policy at University College London, and on the Whitehall Study on public health.
In 1988, with Dr Vivek Muthu, she founded Bazian, a company which, according to its website, "provides evidence-based consulting and analysis to support the rational assessment, configuration and commissioning of healthcare services".
Medical publishing.
Donald was a founding editor of the British Medical Journal's "Clinical Evidence", the "Journal Of Evidence-Based Healthcare" and "Evidence Based Health Policy"; and the author or co-author of "The Hands-on Guide for Junior Doctors" and "House Officers Guide To Survival".
Personal life.
In 2003, while living in the United Kingdom, Donald was reunited with Michael Hall, who had become a lawyer. Shortly after this, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. They married in 2005 in St. James Church, Sydney. In February 2007, she learned that her cancer had metastasised. Later that year she and her husband returned to Sydney.
Health and illness.
On 27 February 2007, Donald was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer.
In April 2008, she began writing a blog for the online version of the "British Medical Journal". It was called "From the Other Side" and chronicled her living with cancer. Her last post was on 22 December 2008.
Death.
Donald died of breast cancer on 1 February 2009, aged 42, at Mater Hospital in Crows Nest, a suburb on the lower North Shore of Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="21532471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532471" title="Quirino Highway">
Quirino Highway

Quirino Highway, formerly called the Manila-del Monte Garay Road or Ipo Road, is a highway located in Quezon City, Philippines which spans from 4 to 8 lanes. It is one of the major roads in Metro Manila and is part of Radial Road 7 (R-7), Radial Road 8 (R-8).
The Quirino Highway starts from Norzagaray, Bulacan and passes through the areas of San Jose del Monte City, Malaria, Pangarap, and Lagro in Caloocan, Novaliches, C5-Road, Tandang Sora and ends Balintawak Cloverleaf in North Luzon Expressway in Quezon City. It is also the alternate route for going to Baliuag and up to Cagayan Valley via Cagayan Valley Road.
Shopping centers.
Currently there are a few shopping centers spanning the highway, the famous mall in the avenue is the SM City Fairview, Robinson's Nova Market (formerly Robinson's Place Novaliches), and Ayala Fairview Terraces where it services people along Novaliches, Caloocan and San Jose del Monte, Bulacan areas. Also there are malls serving the Novaliches area namely Novaliches Plaza Mall NovaMall in short, and the SM City Novaliches at Brgy. San Bartolome and Starmall San Jose Del Monte serving the SJDM Area.
Other buildings and structures.
There are a lot of schools located along the highway. Among these are the Our Lady of Fatima University - Quezon City campus, Mater Carmeli School - Novaliches campus and the Main Campus of the Local University of Quezon City, the Quezon City Polytechnic University - San Bartolome. 
There are also wet and dry markets located along the road like the Novaliches Bayan in Barangay Novaliches Proper and the Tungkong Mangga Market in the San Jose del Monte, Bulacan. Also along the La Mesa Watershed Gate area is the La Mesa Dam which supplies water to Metro Manila. The studios and headquarters of TV5 also lies along the highway.
Affordable priced salons also line the road of Quirino Highway. One of which is Fab Forever Salon, near Novaliches Bayan.
Future MRT line.
Currently there are no train lines in Quirino Highway, but plans to build one along the highway are there. The MRT 7 is expected to begin construction by 2013. This will also help decongest the highway from further traffic.
Three of the line's proposed stations will lie on the highway. They are Quirino, Sacred Heart, and Tala.
Linking to Commonwealth Avenue.
On October 1, 2009, Quezon City Mayor Feliciano Belmonte, Jr. announce 15-year old dream to link Commonwealth Avenue and Quirino Highway at the cost of P20 million to P140 million, near at Zabarte Road and Metro Manila Assembly Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses. The project was completed in May 2011 and was already operational to private vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="21532498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532498" title="Pavlos Valdaseridis">
Pavlos Valdaseridis

Pavlos Valdaseridis was a poet, prose writer, translator and playwright. He was born in Larnaca, Cyprus in 1892 and lived many years in France. His poetry is lyrical, with intense religious elements and a philosophical mood. Valdaseridis died in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="21532501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532501" title="Mel Wakabayashi">
Mel Wakabayashi

Hitoshi "Mel" Wakabayashi (born April 23, 1943, in Slocan City, British Columbia) is a former All-American ice hockey player, a right-handed center, who played for the 1964 NCAA champion Michigan Wolverines hockey team. He was also named Player of the Year in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association in 1966. He went on to play 11 season in the Japan Ice Hockey League and to coach the Japan men's national ice hockey team at international competitions, including the 1980 Winter Olympics. After his hockey career ended, Wakabayashi became the President of Seibu Canada. In 2001, Wakabayashi was selected by the WCHA as one of the Top 50 Players in 50-year history of the conference. He was also inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 2006.
Youth in Canada.
Wakabayashi was the son of Japanese-born parents who lived in Vancouver, British Columbia. During World War II, his parents were placed in a Japanese-Canadian internment camp at Slocan City, British Columbia. It was at the barren internment camp at Slocan City that Mel was born. Along with thousands of other Japanese-Canadian families, the Wakabayashi family was moved to a second internment camp in Northern Ontario shortly after Mel was born. When Mel's brother, Osamu "Herb" Wakabayashi, was born in December 1944, the family was living in the Neys, Ontario internment camp on the northern shore of Lake Superior. In 1950, the family moved to Chatham, Ontario, where Mel grew up with his seven siblings. He excelled in both hockey and baseball, playing junior hockey with the Chatham Maroons and baseball for the Ontario Baseball Association championship team. As a youth, Wakabayashi was a baseball teammate of Chatham native and future Baseball Hall of Famer Ferguson Jenkins.
University of Michigan.
University of Michigan hockey coach Al Renfrew visited Chatham to watch Wakabayashi play, and invited him to play hockey for the Wolverines. In January 1963, Wakabayashi enrolled at Michigan, but due to the freshman eligibility rule, Wakabayashi had to wait until January 1964 to play for the hockey team. Wakabayashi made an immediate impact, scoring 21 goals and 17 assists in 1964. He helped the Wolverines win the 1964 NCAA championship and scored two goals in the championship game against the University of Denver. As a junior in 1965, he was the leading scorer for Michigan and in the WCHA. He was awarded the Hall Downes Award as the team's Most Valuable Player and was named a first-team All-American. As a senior in 1966, he was the leading scorer in the WCHA and was named the league's Player of the Year.
Wakabayashi was known for his ability to avoid penalties. In three years of collegiate hockey, Wakabayashi received only one penalty, a tripping call in his sophomore season. He later recalled, "Since I started playing hockey in pee wees, my coaches really banged it into my head that I was supposed to score the goals, not try to knock the big guys around and end up getting hurt or getting a penalty. I remember very clearly the feeling of sitting in that penalty box-and how much I realized I didn't like sitting in that box!"
In a 2002 profile, writer John U. Bacon wrote that Wakayabayashi "is perhaps the most unlikely star in the long history of Michigan sports, and surely one of the most inspirational." Former teammate Dean Lucier said, "The college game was made for him. He's the best player I've ever stepped on the ice with, for or against, and that includes Tony Esposito and Keith Magnuson."
Wakabayashi also played baseball at the University of Michigan and was named to the All-Big Ten Conference team as a second baseman.
Japanese hockey.
In January 1967, Wakabayashi signed with the Detroit Red Wings and was assigned to play with the Red Wings' farm club in Memphis, Tennessee. He played in 1967 for the Memphis Red Wings and the Johnstown Jets. However, as one columnist later observed, "5-6, 150 pound Japanese forwards were not in great demand in the National Hockey League." In 1968, Wakabayashi moved to Japan where he played 11 years in the Japan Ice Hockey League, mostly for the Kokudo Bunnies. He was regularly among the league's leading scorers and played seven consecutive seasons without a penalty. While still playing, Wakabayashi also became the team's head coach in 1978. Wakabayashi also coached the Japan men's national ice hockey team at several international events, including the 1980 Winter Olympics. He continued to coach in the Japanese Hockey League until 1994.
Career with Seibu Canada.
The owner of the Kokudo Bunnies, Yoshiaki Tsutsumi, owned the Seibu department store chain, the Seibu railroads and was Japan’s largest landowner. After Wakabayashi’s hockey career ended, Tsutsumi hired him as President of Seibu Canada, owner of the Westin Prince Hotel in Toronto. In a 2002 interview, Wakabayashi credited his Michigan experience as the key to his success: "If not for Al Renfrew and the Michigan hockey team, I would probably be working with my dad in the factory in Chatham. I don't even want to think about that one."
Honors.
In 2001, Wakabayashi was one of three University of Michigan players (along with Red Berenson and John Matchefts) selected by the WCHA as one of the Top 50 Players in 50-year history of the conference. He was inducted into the Chatham Sports Hall of Fame in 2004 and the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 2006.
Wakabayashi's younger brother, Osamu "Herb" Wakabayashi, has also been inducted into the Chatham Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21532507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532507" title="Sanawan">
Sanawan

thumbnail
</gallery>
Sanawan is a town in southwestern Punjab, Pakistan located on the bank of the Sind River. It is a beautiful city. it has its own railway station.Two sugar mills Fatima sugar and sheikho sugar mill are located near by it. On the other hand this city is located in the center of two important units of PAKISTAN, PARCO and KAPCO . Natives of this town speak SARAIKI language.(information provided by Sheikh Muhammad Yousouf Iqbal on 1 June 2013)
Notable Personalities are...Ghulam Mustafa Khar,Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar,Hina Rabbani Khar,Mian Zeeshan Gurmani,

</doc>
<doc id="21532522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532522" title="Two (Utah Saints album)">
Two (Utah Saints album)

Two is the second album by British electronic band Utah Saints. The album features guest vocalists Michael Stipe ("Sun", "Punk Club", "Rhinoceros", "Wiggedy Wack"), Chuck D ("Power to the Beats"), Edwin Starr ("Funky Music") and Guy Leger ("Sick").

</doc>
<doc id="21532541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532541" title="Ayşe Kulin">
Ayşe Kulin

Ayşe Kulin (born 1941 in İstanbul) is a Turkish contemporary novelist and columnist.
Biography.
Kulin graduated in literature from the American College for Girls in Arnavutköy. She released a collection of short stories titled "Güneşe Dön Yüzünü" in 1984. A short story from this called "Gülizar" was made into a film titled "Kırık Bebek" in 1986, for which she won a screenplay award from the Turkish culture ministry. Kulin worked as a screen writer, cinematographer and producer for many films, television series and advertisements. In 1986, she won the Best Cinematographer Award from the Theatre Writers association for her work in the television series "Ayaşlı ve Kiracıları".
In 1996, she wrote a biography of Münir Nureddin Selçuk titled "Bir Tatlı Huzur". With a short story called "Foto Sabah Resimleri" she won the Haldun Taner Short Story Award the same year and the Sait Faik Story Prize the next year. In 1997, she was chosen as the "Writer of the year" by the İstanbul Communication Faculty for her biographical novel "Adı Aylin", She won the same award the next year for her short story "Geniş Zamanlar". In November 1999, she wrote a novel called "Sevdalinka" about the Bosnian War and in 2000, a biographical novel called "Füreyya". In June 2001, she put out a novel titled "Köprü" about drama in Turkey's eastern provinces and how they shaped the republic's early history.
In May 2002, Kulin wrote a novel titled "Nefes Nefes'e" about the Turkish diplomats who saved in the lives of Jews during the holocaust in World War 2.
She has married twice, her latest novels Hayat and Huzun describe her life with her spouses, Mehmet Sarper and Eren Kemahli. Both ended in divorce but she bore 4 sons from the marriages.
Armenian Genocide controversy.
In an interview Kulin stated, that the Armenian Genocide can not be compared with the Holocaust because the Turks had a reason to "butcher" the Armenians and that such things may occur in times of war. Following her remarks a petition was created which called upon to boycott her books.Later she disclaimed her statement about Armenian genocide and apologized from Turkish Armenian society if she is misunderstood.
English language bibliography.
Four of Kulin's novels and one short story collection have been published in English language translation.
Photo "Sabah" Pictures.
Photo "Sabah" Pictures (Turkish title: "Foto Sabah Resimleri") is a 1998 collection of three inter-connected short stories by Turkish writer Ayşe Kulin, which was awarded the 1998 Haldun Taner Short Story Award, the 1999 Sait Faik Story Prize, and was republished in 2004 by Epsilon Yayınevi in English language translation by Martina Keskintepe.
Last Train to Istanbul.
Last Train to Istanbul (Turkish title: "Nefes Nefese") is a 2002 novel by Turkish writer Ayşe Kulin, which was republished in 2006 by Everest Yayınları in English language translation by John W. Baker.
Aylin.
Aylin (Turkish title: "Adı: Aylin") is a 1997 novel by Turkish writer Ayşe Kulin, which was republished in 2007 by Remzi Kitabevi in English language translation by Dara Çolakoğlu.
Face to Face.
Face to Face (Turkish title: "Bir Gün") is a 2005 novel by Turkish writer Ayşe Kulin, which was republished in 2008 by Everest Yayınları in English language translation by John W. Baker.
Farewell.
Farewell (Turkish title: "Veda") is a 2008 novel by Turkish writer Ayşe Kulin, which was republished in 2009 by Everest Yayınları in English language translation by Kenneth J. Dakan.

</doc>
<doc id="21532551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532551" title="OJ Mariano">
OJ Mariano

OJ Mariano is a Filipino singer. He is the second runner-up of the second season of ABS-CBN's reality singing competition "Star in a Million". After the competition, he released an album under Star Records entitled "One Dream Come True". For his first album, he received Awit Awards' 2006 "Best New Male Recording Artist". He is currently performing as a singer in ABS-CBN's "The Singing Bee".

</doc>
<doc id="21532561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532561" title="Stasimopus mandelai">
Stasimopus mandelai

Stasimopus mandelai is a species of ctenizid trapdoor spider from the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. This species occurs syntopically with "S. schoenlandi" and a number of other mygalomorph spiders at the Great Fish River Nature Reserve. The species was named in 2004 by zoologists Brent E Hendrixson and Jason E Bond "honoring Nelson Mandela, the former president of South Africa and one of the great moral leaders of our time."

</doc>
<doc id="21532566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532566" title="Joe Hewitt (RAAF officer)">
Joe Hewitt (RAAF officer)

Air Vice Marshal Joseph Eric (Joe) Hewitt, CBE (13 April 1901 – 1 November 1985) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). A Royal Australian Navy officer who transferred permanently to the Air Force in 1928, he commanded No. 101 (Fleet Cooperation) Flight in the early 1930s, and No. 104 (Bomber) Squadron RAF on exchange in Britain shortly before World War II. Appointed the RAAF's Assistant Chief of the Air Staff in 1941, Hewitt was posted the following year to Allied Air Forces Headquarters, South West Pacific Area, as Director of Intelligence. In 1943, he took command of No. 9 Operational Group, the RAAF's main mobile strike force, but was controversially sacked by the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal George Jones, less than a year later over alleged morale and disciplinary issues.
Described as a "small, dapper man" who was "outspoken, even 'cocky'", Hewitt overcame the setback to his career during the war and made his most significant contributions afterwards, as Air Member for Personnel from 1945 to 1948. Directly responsible for the demobilisation of thousands of wartime staff and the consolidation of what was then the world's fourth largest air force into a much smaller peacetime service, he also modernised education and training within the RAAF. Hewitt was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1951, the same year he became Air Member for Supply and Equipment. Retiring from the military in 1956, he went into business and later managed his own publishing house. He wrote two books including "Adversity in Success", a first-hand account of the South West Pacific air war, before his death in 1985 at the age of 84.
Early career.
Born in Tylden, Victoria, Joe Hewitt was the son of Reverend J.H. Hewitt. He attended Scotch College, Melbourne, before entering the Royal Australian Naval College at Jervis Bay in 1915, aged 13. Graduating in 1919, Hewitt rose to lieutenant in the RAN before volunteering for secondment to the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) as a flight lieutenant in January 1923. He undertook the pilots' course at No. 1 Flying Training School, Point Cook, and graduated at the end of the year. Hewitt was further seconded to the Royal Air Force on 4 May 1925, holding a temporary commission as a flying officer; this commission was cancelled on 25 September. He married Lorna Bishop on 10 November; they had three daughters.
Hewitt joined the newly formed No. 101 (Fleet Cooperation) Flight, operating Seagull III amphibians, in August 1926. Prior to the unit deploying to Queensland to survey the Great Barrier Reef with HMAS "Moresby", he practiced manoeuvres around the centre of Melbourne, landing in the Yarra River near Flinders Street Station. Media criticism of the escapade led to him being brought before the Chief of the Air Staff, Group Captain Richard Williams, who rather than upbraiding Hewitt expressed himself "reservedly pleased about the publicity". After completing its survey work in November 1928, the unit served aboard the seaplane carrier HMAS "Albatross".
Hewitt's transfer to the Air Force had been made permanent in 1928. He became commanding officer of No. 101 Flight in February 1931, and supervised embarkation of the Seagull aboard the cruiser HMAS "Australia" in September–October 1932, by which time he had been promoted to squadron leader. Finishing his tour with No. 101 Flight the following year, Hewitt was posted to Britain in 1934. He attended RAF Staff College, Andover, in his first year abroad, and served as Assistant Liaison Officer at Australia House, London, in 1935. Although a specialist seaplane pilot, he converted to bombers while in England, flying Hawker Hinds and Bristol Blenheims as the commanding officer of No. 104 Squadron RAF from 1936.
Returning to Australia in 1938, Hewitt was appointed senior air staff officer at RAAF Station Richmond, New South Wales, and by July that year had been promoted wing commander. In May 1939, he was chosen to lead No. 10 Squadron, due to be formed on 1 July at the recently established RAAF Station Rathmines, near Lake Macquarie. Hewitt was preparing to depart for England to take delivery of the unit's planned complement of Short Sunderland flying boats when he broke his neck riding his motor cycle near Richmond, and had to forgo the assignment while he recovered. Fit for duty by August, he was given command of the Rathmines base to manage the deployment of No. 10 Squadron and its aircraft, but this was suspended due to the outbreak of World War II in September, and the Sunderlands and their RAAF crews remained in Britain for service alongside the RAF.
World War II.
Director of Personnel Services to AOC No. 9 Operational Group.
On 20 November 1939, the RAAF formed No. 1 Group in Melbourne, which evolved into Southern Area Command early in 1940 with Hewitt as senior administration staff officer. Having been promoted group captain, he was made Director of Personnel Services (DPS) after completing his posting to Southern Area, and was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire on 11 July. Described as having "a Calvinist background and rigid ideas on women's place in society", as DPS he opposed the creation of the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force (WAAAF) and later advocated that its members be enrolled on a contractual basis rather than enlisted or commissioned as Permanent Air Force staff. In 1941, Hewitt became Assistant Chief of the Air Staff, before being assigned in April the following year to the newly formed Allied Air Forces Headquarters (AAF HQ), South West Pacific Area (SWPA), as Director of Intelligence. He established cordial working relations with his American peers at AAF HQ, becoming a confidant of its commander, Major General George Kenney.
Promoted air commodore, in February 1943 Hewitt was appointed Air Officer Commanding (AOC) No. 9 Operational Group (No. 9 OG). The RAAF's premier mobile strike force, No. 9 OG initially comprised seven Australian combat squadrons and came under the control of the US Fifth Air Force. The month he took over, Hewitt's squadrons were reorganised into two wings based in New Guinea: No. 71 Wing, comprising units at Milne Bay, New Guinea, and No. 73 Wing, comprising those at Port Moresby. In March, No. 9 OG led the RAAF's contribution to the Battle of the Bismarck Sea, "the decisive aerial engagement" in the SWPA according to General Douglas MacArthur, resulting in 12 Japanese ships being sunk.
By April 1943, Hewitt had been dragged into the divisive personal conflict between the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal George Jones, and the AOC of RAAF Command, Air Vice Marshal Bill Bostock. RAAF Command was the Air Force's main operational formation in the Pacific, controlling 24 Australian squadrons. Jones, administrative and "de jure" head of the RAAF, sought to extend his authority into the sphere of operations by posting a "more accountable" officer into Bostock's position, namely Hewitt. The Minister for Air, Arthur Drakeford, backed Jones' manoeuvre but was informed by Prime Minister John Curtin that General MacArthur, as Supreme Commander SWPA, "would insist on the replacement of AVM Bostock by an equally able officer", and that "Air Commodore Hewitt ... was not considered an adequate replacement."
No changes were made to command arrangements in the South West Pacific following this episode, and Hewitt continued to lead No. 9 OG in its bombing and strafing campaign against Japanese airfields and lines of communication in New Britain, north-east of New Guinea. By mid-June 1943, he had set up Group Headquarters at Milne Bay, and No. 73 Wing HQ at Goodenough Island. On 22 July, he mounted an operation against Gasmata airfield using 62 aircraft from five of his squadrons, the largest strike undertaken by the Australians to that date. No. 9 OG would take most of the credit for the RAAF reaching a peak of 254 tons of bombs dropped in October, as against 137 tons delivered the previous month. On 8 November, Hewitt sent out a formation of three Bristol Beauforts in a severe electrical storm to attack the heavily defended harbour at Rabaul. This was conceived as a "make or break" effort to prove the worth or otherwise of the Beaufort as a torpedo bomber, in which role it had so far been a disappointment; in what the official history of the RAAF in World War II described as "an heroic attack", at least one enemy tanker was struck, for the loss of one Beaufort.
AOC No. 9 Operational Group to Air Member for Personnel.
Although Hewitt was performing an "excellent job" according to Fifth Air Force commander Major General Ennis Whitehead, he was controversially removed from his post in mid-November 1943 by Air Vice Marshal Jones, over accusations of poor discipline and morale within No. 9 OG. RAAF historian Alan Stephens later described the circumstances of Hewitt's dismissal as "murky", and the allegations leading to it as unofficial. Drakeford defended Hewitt's service record, informing the Prime Minister that "the present position may be largely, if not entirely, due to some temporary physical stress brought about by the strain of his important duties as A.O.C. of No. 9 Group." Hewitt himself believed that he had been smeared by a disgruntled former staff officer; historian Kristen Alexander identified Wing Commander Kenneth Ranger, who would play a leading part in the "Morotai Mutiny" of 1945, as having made allegations regarding Hewitt's supposed "lack of balance, vanity and lack of purpose in the prosecution of the war". As a result, Hewitt returned to his previous position as Director of Intelligence at Allied Air Headquarters, while the Air Member of Personnel, Air Commodore Frank Lukis, took over as AOC No. 9 OG in December. General Kenney considered Hewitt's removal "bad news".
After completing his tour as Director of Intelligence at AAF HQ at the end of 1944, Hewitt became acting Air Member for Personnel (AMP) in 1945. As AMP, Hewitt sat on the Air Board, the RAAF's controlling body that consisted of its most senior officers and was chaired by the Chief of the Air Staff. Along with the other members of the board, he reviewed the findings of the inquiry by Justice John Vincent Barry into the "Morotai Mutiny", which had involved senior pilots of the Australian First Tactical Air Force (No. 1 TAF) attempting to resign their commissions to protest the relegation of RAAF fighter squadrons to strategically unimportant ground attack missions. Hewitt recommended that the AOC No. 1 TAF, Air Commodore Harry Cobby, be removed from command, along with his two senior staff officers. The majority of the Air Board saw no reason to take such action, leaving Hewitt to append a dissenting note to its decision. Drakeford supported Hewitt's position, and the three senior No. 1 TAF officers were later dismissed from their posts by Air Vice Marshal Jones.
Post-war career.
Demobilisation and rationalisation.
Hewitt's appointment as Air Member for Personnel was made permanent following the end of World War II in August 1945. In this role he was directly responsible for the demobilisation of what had become the world's fourth largest air force, and its transition to a much smaller peacetime service. Hewitt considered that the RAAF was in danger of losing some of its best staff through rapid, unplanned demobilisation, and recommended that its workforce be stabilised for two years at a strength of 20,000 while it reviewed its post-war requirements. Although the Air Board supported Hewitt's proposal, government cost-cutting resulted in the strength of the so-called Interim Air Force remaining lower than planned, being reduced to some 13,000 by October 1946 and under 8,000 by the end of 1948. Despite claiming that employing women in the Air Force was an important factor in reducing "antagonism and prejudice" against them in the work force in general, Hewitt also recommended that the WAAAF be disbanded after the war.
As AMP, Hewitt was responsible for reviewing the potential employment of senior officers in the post-war Air Force. This review led to the early retirement of such figures as Air Marshal Richard Williams and Air Vice Marshals Stanley Goble, Bill Bostock, Frank McNamara, Bill Anderson, Henry Wrigley and Adrian Cole, ostensibly to make way for the advancement of younger and equally capable officers. Hewitt helped draft the letters to each of the retirees, explaining the reasons for the decision and redundancy payments involved. He also had the "thankless task" of rationalising the "Air Force List" of officers and their seniority, which had become a source of numerous irregularities due to the temporary and acting promotions granted during wartime. This resulted in many officers of senior rank being 'demoted' as many as three levels, such as group captain to flight lieutenant, in the first post-war "List" released in June 1947.
RAAF education and other work.
Hewitt was responsible for initiating major improvements in Air Force education that took place between 1945 and 1953, playing a key role in the establishment of RAAF College and the introduction of an apprenticeship training programme. The purpose of the College was, in Hewitt's words, to "sow the seeds of service" for future leaders, helping create a special RAAF "esprit de corps". He added that it was "almost a truism that the future RAAF can be no better than the Air Force College". Founded at Point Cook in January 1948, RAAF College's inaugural commandant was Air Commodore Val Hancock, who also drafted its first charter. With the support of the Air Member for Engineering and Maintenance, Air Vice Marshal Ellis Wackett, Hewitt developed the Apprenticeship Training Scheme to raise the standard of technical roles in the Air Force, introducing it with a nationwide publicity campaign to attract recruits. Its base was the Ground Training School, which opened at Wagga, New South Wales, in early 1948 to provide education and technical training for youths aged 15 to 17. It was renamed RAAF Technical College in 1950 and then the RAAF School of Technical Training in 1952.
Parallel to his initiatives in Air Force education and training, Hewitt introduced a revised aircrew ranking scheme that consisted of skill categories with various levels, such as navigator level 4 or pilot level 1, rather than the regular military ranks such as sergeant or flight lieutenant. This was abandoned in 1950 due to dissatisfaction caused by the lack of obvious equivalence between these specialist 'ranks' and the traditional ranking system common to the rest of the RAAF and other defence forces. After completing his term as Air Member for Personnel in 1948, he was posted to London as the Australian Defence Representative. By now promoted air vice marshal, Hewitt was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1951 New Year Honours. Returning from Britain the same year, he took over as Air Member for Supply and Equipment (AMSE) from Air Vice Marshal George Mackinolty, who had died suddenly of cancer. Hewitt served as AMSE until his retirement from the RAAF in April 1956. In this role, he again cooperated with Air Vice Marshal Wackett—now the Air Member for Technical Services—to introduce the concept of acquiring spare parts based on 'life-of-type', whereby the forecast number and type of spares necessary for an aircraft's projected service life would be ordered when it was first deployed operationally, to reduce support costs and delivery times.
Later life and legacy.
Following his retirement from the Air Force in 1956, Hewitt joined International Harvester Co. Australia as Manager of Education and Training. He became a trustee of the Services Canteen Trust the same year, serving in this position until 1977. Having retired from International Harvester in 1966, Hewitt became an author in later life and wrote two books on his experiences in the military. The first, "Adversity in Success", was published in 1980 and gave his account of the air war in the South West Pacific. He followed it in 1984 with "The Black One". Hewitt also acted as chairman and managing director of his own publishing house, Langate Publishing. Predeceased by his wife Lorna, he died on 1 November 1985.
Hewitt is credited with being primarily responsible for the "education revolution" that took place in the RAAF between 1945 and 1953, his initiatives while Air Member for Personnel being carried on by his successor in the position, Air Vice Marshal Frank Bladin. According to Air Force historians Alan Stephens and Keith Isaacs, the importance of RAAF College and the Apprenticeship Training Scheme in contributing to the professionalism of the post-war service "cannot be over-stated". Air Vice Marshal Ernie Hey, the Air Member for Technical Services from 1960 through 1972, declared that the apprenticeship programme was "one of the best things" the RAAF ever established and its graduates—numbering some 5,500 from 1952 to 1993—as "absolutely outstanding". Joe Hewitt is commemorated by Hewitt Reef in Great Barrier Reef Marine Park, named in his honour by the survey team on HMAS "Moresby", with whom he worked as a member of No. 101 Flight in 1926–28.

</doc>
<doc id="21532584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532584" title="Anhui University of Chinese Medicine">
Anhui University of Chinese Medicine

Anhui University of Chinese Medicine (AHUTCM, ) is a comprehensive public university based in Hefei, Anhui province, China. The university provides programmes in traditional Chinese medicine as well as in the fields of technology, engineering, management and economics.
History.
The university was founded 1959. The university inherited two Chinese medical traditions within the province. The first tradition originates from southern Anhui which is called Xin’an. The other tradition originates from northern Anhui and is called Huatuo. These traditions have formed the basis of the university's traditional Chinese medicine offerings.
In 1996 Anhui University of Traditional Chinese Medicine was approved by the state council to enroll foreign students. In 1997 approval was also given to receive students from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. In 2013, it has been given the name as Anhui University of Chinese Medicine while before it holds Anhui College of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Administration.
Schools and Departments.
The university faculty structure is organized into the following divisions: 

</doc>
<doc id="21532593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532593" title="Sir Richard Beaumont, 1st Baronet">
Sir Richard Beaumont, 1st Baronet

Sir Richard Beaumont, 1st Baronet JP (2 August 1574 – 28 October 1631) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625.
Beaumont was a son of Edmund Beaumont and Elizabeth Ramsden, daughter of John Ramsden. He was knighted by James I of England in 1609. In 1613, he commanded two hundred train-band soldiers per commission. Two years later he was a Justice of the Peace of the County of York. In 1625 Beaumont was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Pontefract in the Useless Parliament. On 15 August 1628 Charles I created him a baronet, of Whitley, in the County of York.
Beaumont died unmarried and with his death the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="21532622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532622" title="Stasimopus schoenlandi">
Stasimopus schoenlandi

Stasimopus schoenlandi is a species of ctenizid trapdoor spider from South Africa. This species occurs syntopically with "S. mandelai" and a number of other mygalomorph spiders at the Great Fish River Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="21532624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532624" title="Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure">
Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure

Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure is a Nintendo DS action-adventure and puzzle game developed by EA Tiburon. It involves a British adventurer, the eponymous Henry Hatsworth, who is on a mission to find the "Golden Suit", garb that allows the wearer to control the "Puzzle Realm". The player must solve puzzles on the touch screen to destroy fallen enemies on the top screen.
Gameplay.
While the game is an action-platformer on the top screen, once enemies are defeated by Hatsworth, they are sent to the bottom screen as puzzle blocks. The puzzle game on the bottom screen plays much like Nintendo's "Puzzle League", as blocks need to be linked in a chain of three or more of the same color to be cleared, and any blocks resting on top of the cleared ones will fall into their place, potentially leading to a chain reaction of blocks being cleared if they fall into place and end up touching more of the same colors.
As the blocks on the puzzle screen rise, the enemy blocks that touch the upper edge of the screen are revived and can attack Hatsworth again on the top screen. The player can prevent this by swapping blocks to form groups of three or more, causing them to be destroyed, and their energy to add to the "Super Meter". Certain blocks may also power up Hatsworth's attacks, or restore his health, while others may hinder the player. If the Super Meter is filled, Hatsworth becomes younger, and his health increases. If it is then filled to double its capacity, the player can activate a mode called "Tea Time", causing Hatsworth to pilot a mecha (called his Robot Suit) and become invincible until the Super Meter depletes. Using the money earned by defeating enemies or collecting treasure, the player can return to Hatsworth's assistant's shop periodically to buy various upgrades.
Plot.
Story.
Henry Hatsworth, the game's protagonist, is on a mission to find the lost pieces of the Gentleman's Suit, a suit of armour that allows the wearer to control a parallel world known as the Puzzle Realm, in order to obtain the valuable treasures inside this world. The Suit was created by an ancient ruler called "The Gentleman", but hidden after no one else was capable of wielding its power. After finding a golden bowler hat that allows him to manipulate this realm, Henry causes an imbalance, and resolves to find the rest of the pieces to stop monsters from entering his world and claim their world's riches for himself. Each piece of the Suit gives him different special techniques. Later, he and Cole finds out that masterpiece of the golden suit is strong enough to seal puzzle realm and it's hidden into a puzzle realm. But Weasleby gets it first and claims it has made him as god, but Henry defeats him. Afterwards, the nefarious Weasleby gets away and kidnaps Cole. Henry travels to the tea land, final world of the game, to find Weasleby. Henry defeats Weasleby, but finds out that Weasleby was a robot controlled by Cole, who reveals that he was Henry's archenemy all along because never get the credit, and so, Henry faces Cole's masterpiece, The Machine, a giant robot in final battle. Henry is able to defeat him and obtains the masterpiece to seal the puzzle realm. After that he returns to place the golden hat to its original place. while credits roll it is shown that Cole puts on the hat which, unfortunately for him since he is a kid, causes him to turn into a baby. Meanwhile Lance becomes popular with the women despite his baldness, the Captain travels to the Himalayas and LadyD marries the Weasleby robot.
Characters.
The game's characters include:
Henry Hatsworth - A "quirky, light-hearted character" who "occupies the #1 position in the Pompous Adventurers' Club,". Main protagonist of the game.
Leopold Charles Anthony Weasleby the Third - An underhanded villain who occupies the #2 spot, and is the main antagonist of the game. Appears in every world as mini-boss and is the main boss of the Puzzle Realm.
Cole - A young boy who assists Henry throughout the game and runs the in-game shop.
Lance Banson - A womanizer who is captain of a fleet of airships and battles using singing. He is the boss of the Skylands.
Lady D - A widow of many husbands who talks in hacks and coughs in a rather morbid masculine tone. She uses gigantic wedding cake as her weapon. She is the boss of the Mysteria.
Captain - An old retired man who has bad hearing and memory and uses hearing horn while sitting on wheel chair. He is taking care by huge, obese, hulking nurse. He is the boss of the Atlantia.
Worlds.
Mysteria - 1st world, which is jungle, swamp, graveyard - themed.
Skyland - 2nd world, which is a combination of floating islands, temple ruins and airships.
Atlantia - 3rd world, ocean with volcanoes and underwater city, hydropolis.
Puzzle Realm - 4th world, filled with treasures and monsters.
Tealand - 5th and final world, which has old-London style. stages are sewers, clock tower, city and Weasleby's mansion.
Development.
The concept for Henry Hatsworth started as a prototype in Adobe Flash and was initially called Monkey Business. In a 2009 interview at Nintendo Life with Kyle Gray, where Kyle was asked if it was difficult to get Henry Hatsworth made at EA, Kyle had this to say. "Surprisingly, it wasn’t too bad! I initially pitched the swell gents at Tiburon with a project idea which basically involved me doing some crazy stuff in Flash on my own. Luckily, they totally approved it, so I started making little DS game prototypes– which gradually led to the Monkey Business prototype, which ultimately became Hatsworth." 
"Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure" was created by Kyle Gray, who founded the Experimental Gameplay Project with Kyle Gabler, the creator of "World of Goo", in 2005. Gray led a seven-man team at EA Tiburon to develop the game. The seven man team included; Kyle Gray as Director, Peter Ong as Lead Designer, Ryan Pijai as Lead Programmer, Bob Nystrom as Tools Programmer, Andrew Malesky as Animator, Jay Epperson as Art Director and Loel Phelps as Level Designer and Tileset Artist.
The art of the game was envisioned by art director Jay Epperson, using a mix of wood grain and paper-cut themes.
Soundtrack.
The original soundtrack of the game, composed by Gene Rozenberg, was released by EA Games for free download on its website. It has since been removed after EA's redesign of the game's website.
Reception.
"Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure" was mostly well received by reviewers, obtaining an average score of 82% in Metacritic.
IGN's Mark Bozon commented that the game was "completely old school in design and execution", featuring "pop-up brawling, a wall jump that feels like "Mega Man X", "Mario"-like platforming, and a great blend with the puzzle aspects". He commended the game's "beautiful" art style, but criticized the game for technical issues, and called the gameplay "unforgiving at times". GameSpot's Tom McShea also called both platforming and puzzle aspects "first-class" and "an absolute blast", with "tight controls and varied environments" as well as "fast and frantic" puzzle gameplay, but was frustrated by "the high difficulty in the later stages". DigitalSomething.com gave the game a 9 out of 10, stating that the game "is one of the best that has ever been released for the Nintendo DS". [http://www.digitalsomething.com/news/2096.html]
"Herny Hatsworth" has been nominated for the "Outstanding Achievement in Portable Game Design" Interactive Achievement Award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21532630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532630" title="Jung Tae Park">
Jung Tae Park

__NOTOC__
Park Jung Tae (c. 1943 – 11 April 2002) was a South Korean master of taekwondo and a pioneer of that martial art in Canada. He was one of the twelve original masters of taekwondo of the Korea Taekwon-Do Association. Following a career in the South Korean military, Park emigrated to Canada in 1970. He was a key leader in the International Taekwon-Do Federation (ITF) under Choi Hong Hi, but founded the Global Taekwon-Do Federation in 1990 after leaving the ITF. After teaching taekwondo for many years, Park died in 2002.
Early life.
Park was born in 1943 or 1944 in Korea, during the period of Japanese occupation. He began training in the martial arts as a child, starting with boxing before moving on to judo and then taekwondo. Park was one of the twelve original masters of taekwondo of theKorea Taekwon-Do Association. In 1964, he was the second President of the Korean Tae Soo Do Association. From 1965 to 1967, he was ranked 4th "dan" and directed instruction of soldiers in Vietnam.
Canada.
Park moved to Canada where he met his future wife, Linda, in Toronto in 1970. During the 1970s, Park established the Manitoba Tae Kwon-Do Association. In 1975, he was ranked 6th "dan". In 1978 and 1979, he accompanied Choi on taekwondo demonstration tours in Europe. In 1984, he conducted a seminar in Brisbane, Australia. At the time, he was ranked 8th "dan" in the ITF. In November 1984, Park was elected Secretary-General of the ITF. He also held the position of Technical Chairman of the ITF.
Park founded the Global Taekwon-Do Federation (GTF) on 14 June 1990, the year after his departure from the ITF due to North–South Korean political issues. He created six additional "hyung" to be practised along with the earlier ITF patterns. Amongst those who affiliated with the GTF was Sabree Salleh in 1998. Shortly before he died, Park promoted Salleh to 9th "dan" (GTF).
Later life.
Park died on 11 April 2002 due to poor health, and is survived by his wife and their children: Juliann, Heather, and Christopher. Linda Park succeeded her husband as President of the GTF, and holds honorary 9th "dan" ranking.
Park is listed as a pioneer in Canada (1970s) in Chang Keun Choi's list of taekwondo pioneers.

</doc>
<doc id="21532646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532646" title="Lysiosquillina maculata">
Lysiosquillina maculata

Lysiosquillina maculata, the zebra mantis shrimp or striped mantis shrimp, is a species of mantis shrimp found across the Indo-Pacific region from East Africa to the Galápagos and Hawaiian Islands. At a length of up to 40 cm, "L. maculata" is the largest mantis shrimp in the world. "L. maculata" may be distinguished from its congener "L. sulcata" by the greater number of teeth on the last segment of its raptorial claw, and by the colouration of the uropodal endopod, the distal half of which is dark in "L. maculata" but not in "L. sulcata". There is a small artisanal fishery for this species.

</doc>
<doc id="21532661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532661" title="Stripweave">
Stripweave

Stripweave is a textile technique in which large numbers of thin strips of cloth are sewn together to produce a finished fabric. Most stripweave is produced in West Africa from handwoven fabric, of which the example best known internationally is the kente cloth of Ghana.
The earliest evidence of this traditional technique dates to the eleventh century among the Tellem people of Mali.
Materials.
Cotton, silk, and rayon are the usual fibers for stripweave garment production. Traditionally these were hand spun, although machine spun synthetics are coming into increasing use. Wool is also in use for stripweave blankets by the Fulani people in Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21532675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532675" title="Nudivirus">
Nudivirus

Nudivirus are large, rod-shaped viruses with a circular, double stranded DNA genome of 96–231 kb. The genome encode for 98 to 154 open reading frames.
Virions are rod-shaped and when enveloped are up to 400×100nm.
The word "nudivirus" comes from the Latin "nudus", which mean naked and "virus", poison.
Taxonomy.
In 2007, the genus "Nudivirus" has been proposed to include viruses similar to the "Oryctes rhinoceros" virus (Wang "et al.", 2007b).
Phylogeny.
All 3 sequenced nudivirus have 33 open reading frames in common.
Gene content comparaison and phylogenetic analyses show that Nudivirus share 15 cores genes with baculovirus and form a monophyletic sister group with them. It seems that Baculovirues evolved from the Nudiviruses, 310 millions years ago. Baculoviruses and nudiviruses differ in gene content, genome organization, cytopathology, infection of adults and most likely in host range.
The 15 cores genes common in both Baculovirus and Nudivirus are involved in RNA transcription, DNA replication, virion structural components and many other functions.
Gene content and sequence similarity suggest that the nudiviruses GbNV, HzNV-1, and OrNV form a monophyletic group of nonoccluded double-stranded DNA viruses, which separated from the baculovirus lineage before this radiated into dipteran-, hymenopteran-, and lepidopteran-specific clades of occluded nucleopolyhedroviruses and granuloviruses.
Virology.
This genus is characterized by rod-shaped and enveloped nucleocapsids and its members replicate in the nucleus of infected host cells. However, the viruses are not embedded in inclusion bodies (crystallized proteins) like the baculoviruses.
Nudivirus are known to infect preferentially insects and marine arthropods.
The transmission occurred generally by feeding and/or mating. Infections can be lethal for the larvae and can possibly reduce the fitness of the host by reducing offspring production and survival among adults.
Defense Mechanisms.
In many organisms, apoptosis can be regarded as an early cellular defense mechanism against a strong viral infection. Although, "Heliothis zea" Nudivirus 1 (HzNV-1 or Hz-1 virus), a relatively broad host range nudivirus, has been shown to block an induced-apoptosis gene ("hhi1"), and so, prevent his own death. A functional antiapoptosis gene, (Hz-iap2), has been highlighted to suppress the "hhi1" gene which can either activate the expression of prodeath gene or alter the cell cycle within the host, resulting in the death of the cell. A second inihibitor gene (Ac-iap2) to the "hhi1" gene has been also discovered, interestingly, Ac-iap2 was speculated to be a nonfunctional iap, raising many questions regarding its functionnality.
Relation to polydnaviruses in parasitic wasps.
The parts of the cycle that relate to the transmission of wasp genomic DNA and therefore to proviral DNA are shown by the claret arrows. Those parts of the cycle that apply only to virus replication and assembly/transmission are shown by the green arrows. Polydnavirus (PDVs) are associated to endoparasitic wasps from the Ichneumoninae family (Hymenoptera). There are two genera of PDVs: The ichnoviruses occur in ichneumonid wasps species and bracoviruses in braconid wasps. The polydnaviridae appear to replicate and accumulate in the ovarian calyx epithelial cells and calyx fluid of the wasps and do not replicate in the lepidopteran hosts of the wasps, although their gene products are expressed there. The packaged Virus is injected along with the wasp egg into the body cavity of a lepidopteran host caterpillar and infects cells of the caterpillar ("Whitfield", 1990). The infection does not lead to replication of new viruses, rather it affects the caterpillar's Immune system. Without the virus infection, Phagocyte Hemocyte (blood cells) will encapsulate and kill the wasp egg but the immune suppression caused by the virus allows for survival of the wasp egg, leading to hatching and complete development of the immature wasp in the caterpillar. Additionally, genes expressed from the polydnavirus in the parasitised host alter host development and metabolism to be beneficial for the growth and survival of the parasitoid larva ("Fleming et Summers", 1991). Thus the virus and wasp have a Symbiosis (mutualistic) relationship. It appears in most cases that the PDVs DNA is required for successful Parasitism of Lepidoptera by the wasps. So, the full genome of the virus is integrated into the genome of the wasp and the virus only replicates in specific cells in the female wasp's reproductive system.. As a result, the polydnaviral DNA has experienced spectacular reproductive success; it is now thought to be represented in species of many ichneumonoid wasps.
The conservation of this viral machinery in different braconid wasp lineages sharing polydnaviruses suggests that parasitoid wasps incorporated a nudivirus-related genome into their own genetic material (Bézier "et al.", 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="21532686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532686" title="Great Fish River Nature Reserve">
Great Fish River Nature Reserve

Great Fish River Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks.
The park has a total area of 45,000 ha, and has been operational since 1994. It comprises three historical nature reserves that have been combined into a single reserve: 
The reserves are linked by a circular route, and the Great Fish River runs through the park. 

</doc>
<doc id="21532687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532687" title="European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology">
European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology

The European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EA-OHP) is a pan-European organization that was established in 1999. It is the first organization of its kind in the world that is devoted to occupational health psychology.
The activities of the EA-OHP are centered on research, practice, and education. The Academy organizes a major international conference on OHP every two years. The EA-OHP is also associated with the journal "Work & Stress". The Academy publishes a newsletter, "The Occupational Health Psychologist", three times per year to keep the membership abreast of developments in the field The EA-OHP runs regional workshops to benefit its members and other professionals. Beginning with an agreement in 2008, the Academy coordinates member benefits and international conferences with the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), a U. S. organization.
Historical development.
In 1997 representatives from the University of Nottingham and the departments of Occupational Medicine at two Danish universities, Skive Syghus and Herning Syghus, wrote an enabling document that laid the foundation for an organizing committee, the purpose of which was to create a European organization dedicated to supporting “research, teaching and practice” in OHP. The EA-OHP came into existence in 1999. The organization operated out of the Institute of Work, Health & Organisations, at the University of Nottingham, under Tom Cox's leadership and "actively supported by a pan-European team of individuals and institutions." The organization developed working groups in research, teaching, and practice. 
The EA-OHP’s leading activity was organizing annual conferences that facilitated the sharing of research findings and educational and practice information. Attendance at the Academy’s conferences increased steadily. By 2006, the EA-OHP conference series became biennial. By way of an agreement reached in 2008 with their U.S. counterparts in the SOHP, the EA-OHP now coordinates its conference series with the APA/NIOSH/SOHP Work, Stress, and Health conference series. The first EA-OHP conference was attended mainly by academics, but the conference series increasingly attracted practitioners and graduate students as well as occupational safety and health practitioners. In 2000, the journal "Work & Stress", which was founded in 1987 by Tom Cox, became associated with the Academy. Other publishing activities include the publication of conference proceedings and a book series. A more detailed history of the EA-OHP was published in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21532705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532705" title="Baviaanskloof Mega Reserve">
Baviaanskloof Mega Reserve

Baviaanskloof Mega Reserve is a protected area in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.
Characteristics.
The Baviaanskloof - (Dutch for “Valley of Baboons”) - lies between the Baviaanskloof and Kouga mountain ranges. The easternmost point of the valley is some 95 km NW of the coastal city of Port Elizabeth. 
The Baviaanskloof area includes a cluster of formal protected areas managed by the Eastern Cape Parks Board totalling around , of which the most well-known is the 184 385 ha Baviaanskloof Nature Reserve - the third
largest protected area in South Africa. It also includes the Groendal Nature Reserve and Formosa Nature Reserve, and encompasses private land mostly used for stock farming. 
The Baviaanskloof area is one of outstanding natural beauty, owing to its spectacular land forms, a diverse array of plants and wide variety of animals. The area is part of the Cape Floristic Region World Heritage Site as of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21532709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532709" title="Commando Drift Nature Reserve">
Commando Drift Nature Reserve

Commando Drift Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks, the park has an area of . The Kommandodrif Dam is included in the reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="21532722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532722" title="Dwesa Nature Reserve">
Dwesa Nature Reserve

Dwesa Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks, the park has an area of . The Dwesa-Cwebe Marine Protected Area, that has been added to the park has an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="21532725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532725" title="East London Coast Nature Reserve">
East London Coast Nature Reserve

East London Coast Nature Reserve is a protected area in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks. 
Parks.
The nature reserve is built up from various smaller parks, and has a total area of 3,424 Ha. It extends from the Great Kei River in the east to the Tyolomnqa River (Chalumna) in the west along about 250 km of coastline. The parks are the following:
Inland parks.
Among the parks located a little inland are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21532726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532726" title="Enumclaw School District">
Enumclaw School District

Enumclaw School District has its headquarters in Enumclaw, Washington, U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="21532728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532728" title="Fort Fordyce Nature Reserve">
Fort Fordyce Nature Reserve

Fort Fordyce Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks, and has an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="21532729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532729" title="Hluleka Nature Reserve">
Hluleka Nature Reserve

The Hluleka Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks, it is about 90 km to the south-east of Mthatha.
The size of the reserve is 772 ha

</doc>
<doc id="21532730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21532730" title="Mpofu Nature Reserve">
Mpofu Nature Reserve

Mpofu Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks.
The reserve is situated roughly northwest of Fort Beaufort and west of Balfour. It lies on the escarpment and lower valleys of the Katberg Mountains and covers with altitudes varying from .

</doc>
