<doc id="21581218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581218" title="Andy Stamets">
Andy Stamets

Andy Stamets (also known by the pseudonyms ND, The Flame, and Black Flame) is an American guitarist notable as a member of Rocket from the Crypt, Beehive & the Barracudas, and the Sultans.
Musical career.
Stamets was a founding member of Rocket from the Crypt (under the pseudonym "ND"), who formed in 1990 and released their debut album "Paint as a Fragrance" in 1991. "" followed in 1992, attracting the attention of major record labels, and the band signed to Interscope Records. In 1995 the band had a trio of releases: "The State of Art is on Fire", "Hot Charity", and "Scream, Dracula, Scream!" They filmed several music videos, toured internationally, and experienced a surge of popularity in the United Kingdom. They released "RFTC" in 1998, but Interscope turned their attention to higher-grossing acts and the band soon left the label. This was followed by the departure of longtime drummer Adam Willard from the group in early 2000. Sessions with drummer Tony Di Prima led to the formation of the Sultans, consisting of Stamets (as "Black Flame"), Di Prima, and Rocket from the Crypt singer/guitarist John Reis. They released the EP "Sultans" and the album "Ghost Ship" in 2000.
Rocket from the Crypt regrouped in 2000, signing to Vagrant Records and bringing in new drummer Mario Rubalcaba. Stamets continued to record and perform with Rocket from the Crypt, who released "Group Sounds" in 2001 and "Live from Camp X-Ray" in 2002. He left the Sultans, however, and was replaced by Reis' younger brother Dean. Rocket from the Crypt disbanded after playing their final performance on Halloween 2005, which was recorded and later released as "R.I.P."
Discography.
This section lists albums and EPs on which Stamets has performed. For complete listings of releases by each act, see their individual articles. 

</doc>
<doc id="21581221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581221" title="Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Documentary Film">
Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Documentary Film

The Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Documentary Film is one of the annual film awards given by the Boston Society of Film Critics.

</doc>
<doc id="21581232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581232" title="Renzo">
Renzo

Renzo is an Italian masculine given name. It is a short form of Lorenzo which means "a man from Laurentum who is "wreathed or crowned with laurel"." Notable people named Renzo include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21581300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581300" title="Florian Lechner">
Florian Lechner

Florian "Flo" Lechner (born 3 March 1981 in Ellwangen) is a German footballer.
Career.
Bundesliga career.
Lechner began his career in the youth ranks of VfB Stuttgart. In 2001, he debuted for VfB Stuttgart II and was a regular starter for the club's reserve side for three seasons. In 2004 he joined FC St. Pauli. Lechner made his professional debut in the 2. Bundesliga with St. Pauli on 8 February 2009 when he came on as a substitute in the 42nd minute against SpVgg Greuther Fürth. On 11 May 2011, FC St. Pauli announced that Lechner's expiring contract would not be renewed. While with St. Pauli he appeared in 117 league games and scored two goals. In 2011 he joined Karlsruher SC and made 12 league appearances for the club.
New England Revolution.
For the 2012 season, Lechner signed for New England Revolution in Major League Soccer. He made his debut for the Revolution on 31 March 2012 in a league match against the Los Angeles Galaxy coming on as a substitute in the 46th minute for Kevin Alston. The Revolution went on to win 3–1.
Lechner was released by New England on 19 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21581326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581326" title="Erol Evgin">
Erol Evgin

Erol Evgin (born 1947 in Istanbul), is a Turkish pop singer, composer, and film actor.
Biography.
Erol Evgin was born in Istanbul, Turkey in 1947. He finished his high school education in Istanbul High School in 1965. He then studied architecture in Mimar Sinan University of Fine Arts. In his musical career, he generally worked in collaboration with the composers Çiğdem Talu and Melih Kibar.

</doc>
<doc id="21581341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581341" title="Bank on California">
Bank on California

Bank on California is an initiative started by California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on December 12, 2008, to help Californians open a bank account. The program seeks to encourage financial institutions to relax identification requirements when opening a bank account to include Mexican CID cards and Guatemalan CID cards as well as other CID cards. California mayors are being enlisted to promote the program which currently includes San Francisco with Fresno, Los Angeles, Oakland and San Jose coming soon.
The program was first announced by Governor Schwarzenegger and former President Bill Clinton in the "Wall Street Journal" on January 24, 2008. California was lauded as the first state in the nation to start such an initiative and would be coordinated with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. It seeks to draw the "unbanked" into financial institutions with starter accounts whereby it's hoped that bringing more money into the financial system will grow the economy and help the unbanked build wealth.
Criticism.
Clinton and Schwarzenegger claim that "it won't cost taxpayers a dime;" however, involving the FDIC and lobbying mayors to rally institutions in their communities translate to utilizing government resources, and someone had to coordinate to get the Bank on California website developed. Others argue it will help California banks to "launder the illicit earnings of millions of illegal aliens," and that "Californians don´t need help opening bank accounts, illegal aliens do."

</doc>
<doc id="21581343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581343" title="Sideways (Dierks Bentley song)">
Sideways (Dierks Bentley song)

"Sideways" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Dierks Bentley. The twelfth single of his career, it is also the second one from his fourth studio album, "Feel That Fire". The song was released to country radio on March 2, 2009. On the chart week of July 11, 2009, the song became his seventh Number One single on the Hot Country Songs chart. 
The song is part of the tracklist for "Now That's What I Call Country Volume 2".
Content.
"Sideways" was co-written by Bentley himself, along with Jim Beavers, the brother of Bentley's producer, Brett Beavers. This song is uptempo that is backed mainly by electric guitar and banjo. Its final chorus features the ambient noise of a bar, along with a chanted chorus by backing vocalists. This song talks about where the male character is attempting to talk to a female in a bar. Despite being unable to hear her name, he still tries to come on to her saying that he wants to "get a little sideways" with her.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Michael Salomon, and features Bentley singing in front of a large party crowd. The video was #50 on the GAC's Top 50 Videos of the Year list. It was shot inside the Fuse nightclub, located inside the Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center.
A second video, containing live performance footage, was released in August 2009. This is the most commonly used version on TV.
Critical reception.
CM Wilcox of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs-down rating, calling it "cheap and gimmicky" and saying that it sounded more suited for a debut artist than an established artist such as Bentley. Kevin J. Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a C rating and thought that Bentley sounded uncomfortable singing the song, making it sound "dull and lifeless" as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="21581378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581378" title="Royal Parker">
Royal Parker

Royal Pollokoff (born April 8, 1929), better known by the stage name Royal Parker, is an American television personality. In a broadcasting career spanning the 1940s–1990s, he appeared in various roles, becoming a staple on television screens in the Baltimore, Maryland, area.
Early years.
Born in Baltimore, Maryland, on April 8, 1929, Parker graduated from Baltimore City College in 1946. He began his broadcasting career in the late 1940s on WASA (now WJSS), an AM radio station in Havre de Grace, Maryland, hosting a music program called the "Royal Record Review". He moved to television when the medium was in its infancy, joining WAAM-TV (now WJZ-TV) in Baltimore in 1951.
Television career.
Parker served in diverse roles during his more than four decade career in television (1951–1994), including newscasts, sports events, children's programs, announcing duties, and commercials. As a television newscaster with WAAM-TV in Baltimore, Parker covered the 1952 elections, when Dwight D. Eisenhower was elected U. S. President and J. Glenn Beall was elected U.S. Senator from Maryland. He created a children's television character, "Mister Poplolly", in which he would don an oversized hat and glasses, along with a clown's nose, for a daily show. Later, he portrayed a Popeye-like sailor hosting a daily cartoon show. Parker also did commercials, including the "Buddy Deane Show" between 1957–1962 (by then, WAAM had been sold to Westinghouse and its call letters changed to WJZ-TV). 
In 1962, Parker moved to WBAL-TV, where he hosted such popular televised bowling programs as "Pinbusters" and "Bowling for Dollars" in the 1970s. While at WBAL, he played "P. W. Doodle", a newsboy character he created based on his own experience selling newspapers in Baltimore as a youth. On November 22, 1963, he was called upon to broadcast the news flash of U.S. President John F. Kennedy's assassination.
Parker remained at WBAL-TV until his retirement in 1994. Reflecting on his varied roles in the early pioneering years of commercial television, Parker recalled in 2008 that when he started at WAAM in 1951, earning $45 per week, "We just figured things out as we went along. In six months, you did everything. I could run a control board, or put on a cooking show".
Later years and personal life.
After leaving broadcasting, Parker ran for a seat in the Maryland House of Delegates in 1994, but lost in the primary election. Parker and his wife, Phyllis, have three sons and live in the Baltimore suburb of Pikesville. He remains active in local charitable work, including frequent benefit appearances for the Mount Washington Pediatric Hospital.
References.
royal Parker now lives in Roland Park, a historic Baltimore neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="21581408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581408" title="Joseph Laban">
Joseph Laban

Joseph Israel Laban is an award-winning Filipino journalist and independent filmmaker. He worked for the Philippine television programs The Probe Team, Front Row and Reporter's Notebook of GMA News and Public Affairs. He directed the short film "Antipo" and the full-length feature film "Cuchera".
Awards.
Laban produced the documentary "Batang Kalakal" which was awarded with the Gold World Medal for Best Human Interest Story by the 2008 New York Festivals for Television, a Silver Screen Award at the 2008 US International Film and Video Festival and an "Ani ng Dangal" Award from the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA). He also directed and produced the documentary "Bente Dos" (Twenty-Two ) which won the Silver World Medal (Profiles) at the 2012 New York Festivals for Television and a citation as Best Documentary at the 2011 PopDev Television Awards. Laban was also the Head Writer of "Mga Yaman sa Basura" (Child Urban Miner) which won a Silver World Medal at NYF (Social Issues) and a the sole Finalist from the Philippines for the 2012 UNICEF Child Rights Awards.
Films.
"Antipo".
His short film "Antipo", about a young man who seeks absolution and forgiveness through the ancient tradition of "antipo" or self-flagellation, was an Official Selection at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival Short Film Corner.
"Cuchera".
"Cuchera" was Laban's first feature film. It deals with the grim fate of low-rent drug mules and their recruiters. The film was a Finalist at the 7th Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival and it had its International Premiere at the Discovery Section of the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF). It was also screened at the Stockholm International Film Festival (Main Competition), Cleveland International Film Festival, Belgrade International Film Festival and Fribourg International Film Festival.
TIFF film programmer Steve Gravestock described it as "One of the most shocking debuts in recent Filipino cinema... Cuchera may turn out to be a watershed in Filipino film history — directly linking the melodramatic ferocity of the politically charged works of veteran directors like Joel Lamangan and Carlos Siguion-Reyna with the more intimate style of what some have dubbed the Filipino New Wave." 
Literature.
In 2002, Laban wrote a one-act play on domestic violence which received recognition from the Don Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature.
Book.
As a Fellow of the Southeast Asian Press Alliance (SEAPA) in 2007, Laban was also a contributing writer of the book Wrong Against Rights: Impunity Across Southeast Asia, where he wrote about the challenges faced by the fledgling East Timor press and the country’s quest to find justice to human rights violations under the 25 years of Indonesian occupation.
Education.
Laban obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Creative Writing from the University of the Philippines at Diliman. He also attended New York University on a Fulbright Scholarship for his Master’s degree in Journalism with a concentration in News and Documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="21581412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581412" title="Commission on National Goals">
Commission on National Goals

The U.S. President’s Commission on National Goals was organized in February 1960 as a non-official body whose purpose was to develop a broad outline of national objectives and programs for the next decade and longer. It operated under the auspices of the American Assembly (established by Dwight D. Eisenhower at Columbia University in 1950 as a non-partisan educational organization) and was financed by private sources through the Assembly. The Commission was headed by Dr. Henry Wriston, who was appointed by President Eisenhower on February 3, 1960. The other members of the Commission were Vice Chairman Frank Pace, Erwin D. Canham, James B. Conant, Colgate W. Darden, Jr., Crawford H. Greenewalt, Alfred M. Gruenther, Learned Hand, Clark Kerr, James R. Killian, Jr., William P. Bundy and George Meany.
Of the numerous topics first visualized, fifteen were defined in the final report of the Commission. A writer was selected for each topic (i.e., goal) and was assisted by an ad hoc panel selected to counsel and criticize. And, as a general rule, one or more members of the Commission participated with each ad hoc panel. The Commission commented upon, approved or disapproved, the papers being written on the chosen topics.
The completed report of the Commission (respecting President Eisenhower’s request that its efforts be non-partisan) was sent to the president on November 16, 1960. The Report was published by Prentice Hall on December 12, 1960 in both paperback and hardbound editions.
The Commission ceased activity with the submission of its report to the president, but its offices remained open until approximately May 1961, so as to make further arrangements for publicizing the Commission’s report through the use of the communications media and the establishment of numerous discussion groups. The Commission also heavily influenced political elections because of the private funds flowing through the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21581480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581480" title="Elli Köngäs-Maranda">
Elli Köngäs-Maranda

Elli-Kaija Köngäs-Maranda (11 January 1932, Tervola, Finland – 1 November 1982, Québec City, Canada) was an internationally renowned anthropologist and feminist folklorist. She studied Finnish folklore at the University of Helsinki, and did her doctoral dissertation in 1963 at Indiana University. 
Köngäs-Maranda was elected a Fellow of the American Folklore Society. The Society's Women's section inaugurated 1983 two prizes in her memory.
The Canadian anthropologist Pierre Maranda is her husband with whom she had two sons: the oldest is Erik and youngest is musician Nicolas Maranda.

</doc>
<doc id="21581489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581489" title="Johnson Tam">
Johnson Tam

Johnson Tam is the Executive Producer of the Philippine television program Reporter's Notebook. He is an award-winning Filipino documentary producer who works for the Philippine television network GMA News and Public Affairs. He produced the documentary "Pinoy Exodus sa Lebanon" which was awarded the Best Current Affairs Program at the 2008 Asian Television Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21581514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581514" title="New Yorker Volkszeitung">
New Yorker Volkszeitung

New Yorker Volkszeitung was a German language labor daily newspaper which suspended publishing during the Great Depression, in October 1932. At the time it was the only German language daily in the United States and one of the oldest radical left newspapers in the nation. Its publisher was the Socialist Cooperative Publishing Association which had offices at 47 Walker Street in New York City.
History.
The "New Yorker Volkszeitung" began as a daily in 1878. It was edited by Sergei Shevitch from 1879 to 1890. It was later reorganized by Dr. Siegfried Lipschitz, an American correspondent of the "Sozialistischer Pressedienst" of Berlin, Germany. He succeeded Ludwig Lore as the newspaper's editor. Afterwards the publication was endorsed by the Socialist Party of the United States and the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
The financial crisis of the 1930s prevented members of the Socialist Cooperative Publishing Association from meeting regularly, which made it necessary to shut down printing. Its thirty employees were not released. Two months after the closure of "New Yorker Volkszeitung", a new publication, "Neue Volkszeitung", was launched as its successor.

</doc>
<doc id="21581530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581530" title="Innerbelt Bridge">
Innerbelt Bridge

The Innerbelt Bridge is a truss arch bridge in Cleveland, Ohio formerly carrying Interstate 90/Innerbelt Freeway over the Cuyahoga River.
History.
The bridge, completed in 1959, is in length and in width, built as the widest bridge in Ohio. The Innerbelt Bridge replaced the Central Viaduct.
The bridge was intended to carry Interstate 71, but due to the lack of completion of a highway, carried Interstate 90 instead.
On November 13, 2008, all commercial truck traffic was banned from the bridge because it was deemed structurally insufficient after a review of a computer analysis. Trucks were directed to follow Interstate 490 and Interstate 77 to detour around the bridge. Two bridge lanes of four in each direction were closed from September 1 until November 13, when an additional lane was reopened each way. On November 25, 2009, the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) reopened the fourth lane in each direction and permitted trucks to use the southwestbound roadway again; trucks were permitted northeastbound again in mid-2010, although detour signage was retained to discourage trucks in that direction from using the bridge due to engineering and traffic flow concerns.
Replacement bridges.
As part of the Innerbelt Freeway rebuild, the bridge is being replaced by the George V. Voinovich Bridges. The new westbound bridge opened and the Innerbelt Bridge was vacated in 2013, and the eastbound bridge, projected to be built in the location of the Innerbelt Bridge, is planned to open in 2016. Dismantling of the Innerbelt Bridge began January 13, 2014, with expected implosion of the remainder in mid-July 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21581550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581550" title="Channel letters">
Channel letters

Channel letters are custom-made metal or plastic letters that are commonly used on the buildings of business, churches, and other organizations for exterior signage.
Channel letter types.
Standard channel letter.
A standard channel letter is a three-dimensional graphic sign element. Its channel is fabricated from sheet metal, most often aluminum since it will not rust. A flat sheet of aluminum is typically cut on a table by a computer-controlled router. This creates the back of the channel and is the basis for the letter shape. The sides of the channel letter, called the "returns", are then formed by bending a 3 to strip of aluminum sheet around the aluminum back. This return can be welded at the seam or flanged and riveted or, with a metal stitcher, can be fastened with galvanized or stainless wire to the back to create a solid "can" in the shape of the letter. The letter can is painted and fitted with any lighting components necessary such as neon gas tubes or light-emitting diode (LED) modules. A translucent plastic face usually of 3/16" thick sheet acrylic fiber or polycarbonate is cut to fit the open face of the letter can. A trim cap border is applied to its edges which gives the letter face a finished appearance and creates a fastening surface to attach it to the letter can. When illuminated at night, channel letters draw the eye of passers-by.
Exposed neon channel letter.
These resemble standard letters, but the neon is covered with a clear acrylic face to keep birds from making a nest in a channel letter.
Reverse lit channel letter.
In this letter type, the face of the letter is constructed from aluminum and the lighting is directed to the back. This light floods the wall that the letter is mounted to and creates a negative space at night. Letters in this style are also called "halo letters". It is usually the most expensive form to manufacture.

</doc>
<doc id="21581594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581594" title="Sebastian Albert">
Sebastian Albert

Sebastian Albert (born 26 February 1987 in Leipzig) is a German footballer who currently plays for ZFC Meuselwitz.
Career.
He made his professional debut in the 2. Bundesliga with Hansa Rostock on 16 February 2009 when he started a game against SC Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21581602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581602" title="Michael del Rosario">
Michael del Rosario

Michael "Mike" Gorre del Rosario is an award-winning Filipino documentary producer who works for the Philippine television network GMA News and Public Affairs. He produced the documentary "Pinays for Export" which was awarded with the Bronze World Medal for Best Public Affairs Program by the New York Festivals for Television.
Pinays for Export
In "Pinays for Export", Maki Pulido and Jiggy Manicad with award-winning documentary producers Derick Cabrido and Michael del Rosario trace the path of trafficked women from the Philippines to neighboring Asian countries. The coverage results in an actual rescue. From the pier in Zamboanga City, Maki and her team take the route that traffickers allegedly use to sneak women into Sabah, Malaysia, to force them into prostitution while Jiggy and his team take the human trafficking route by air - from the airport in Manila to Hong Kong and Macau.
He is the Associate Producer of Reporter's Notebook, an investigative documentary that airs every Tuesday 11:30PM at GMA Channel 7. He is also the Executive Producer of Motorcycle Diaries (http://www.facebook.com/motorcyclediaries, http://www.twitter.com/mdiariesnewstv), a travel documentary hosted by Peabody Award winner veteran journalist Jay Taruc that airs every Thursday 10PM at GMA News TV Channel 11.
'"Asian Television Awards
New York Festivals for Television
US International Film and Video Festival (USIFVF)

</doc>
<doc id="21581607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581607" title="Mike Lebowitz">
Mike Lebowitz

Michael J. Lebowitz (born August 21, 1977 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a Washington, D.C., attorney and expert in the field of military law and Military Expression. Along with being an advocate for veterans' issues, he has published a number of legal articles on First Amendment issues pertaining to the military, as well as the field of national security and war crimes. In 2009, he became a prosecutor in the Military Commission for the terrorism and war crimes suspects detained in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Background.
Lebowitz has a journalism degree from Kent State University (1999) and a law degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Law (2003). In 2005–2006, he served in Iraq as a Pathfinder with the 101st Airborne Division, where he helped capture foreign fighters. After returning from Iraq, he began advocating on behalf of military families and veterans. Lebowitz continues to serve as a JAG officer in the National Guard.
Military law.
Lebowitz is an attorney in the field of military law and specializes in military free speech where he served as defense counsel in a number of cases where uniformed personnel faced discipline for speech-related activities. Lebowitz has worked on trials involving military freedom and expression. He lectures on the subject and is asked to serve as a media resource on the impact technology continues to play in the field of military free speech. More recently, he has written on the subject of war crimes and national security, and has served as a war crimes prosecutor at Guantanamo Bay.
Political activities.
Lebowitz is a founder of the Modern Whig Party, an organization originally created in 2008 as an advocacy forum for military families and veterans. This centrist organization professes to offer common-sense approaches to government, rather than ideology. In March 2010, the Modern Whig Party was named by "TIME" Magazine as among the "top 10 most popular political movements worldwide." Since 2009, upon entering government service, Lebowitz ceased activity with the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21581609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581609" title="1991–92 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup">
1991–92 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup

The 1991-92 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup was the 34th edition of the competition. It was won by Popular Basquet Godella, today known as Ciudad Ros Casares Valencia, beating Dynamo Kiev (representing the CIS following the breakup of the Soviet Union) in the final. Godella became the first Spanish team to win the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21581666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581666" title="Derick Cabrido">
Derick Cabrido

Roderick "Derick" Cabrido is an award-winning Filipino documentary producer who works for the Philippine television network GMA News and Public Affairs.
Career.
He was awarded with the Bronze World Medal at the 2009 New York Television Festival, for the documentary "Pinays for Export", Silver Screen Award at the 2010 New York International Independent Film and Video Festival for the documentary "Tasaday", he also won the 2012 Silver World Medal Award at the New York Festivals for his documentary "Yaman sa Basura" which is also a finalist for the 2011 UNICEF Asia-Pacific Child Rights Awards. 
He worked as Producer and Writer of various specials of GMA Network including: "Koneksyon: Anatomy of a Political Scandal" hosted by Mike Enriquez and Mel Tiangco; "Kandidato", hosted by Howie Severino, Arnold Clavio and Malou Mangahas; "Walang Pera" hosted by Mike Enriquez and Marian Rivera; "Strong Words" hosted by Mike Enriquez; "Versus" hosted by Mike Enriquez; "Biyaheng 2010" hosted by Jessica Soho and Arnold Clavio; "Si Pinoy at ang Pinoy" hosted by Jessica Soho and Trending 2011 hosted by Mike Enriquez and Dingdong Dantes.
For now he is one of the Executive Producers of the "Front Row", a flagship documentary program which airs every Saturday at GMA News TV in the Philippines.
He recently ventured into film directing and producing. He is the cinematographer of the film, "Antipo" which premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival Short Film Corner and produced the film "Cuchera", a finalist at the 2011 Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival which premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival under Discovery Section. Main Competition, 2011 Stockholm International Film Festival, Official Selection, 2011 Belgrade International Film Festival and Official Selection, 2011 Cleveland Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21581678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581678" title="List of lakes in Bucharest">
List of lakes in Bucharest

The Lakes, Parks and Leisure Administration in Bucharest () has under its upkeep nine lakes and nine dams, from the total of 15 located on the Colentina River, that started to be built since 1936 and that cover a total area of and have a combined volume of . The largest lake inside Bucharest, in terms of surface area, is the Lake Morii, other large lakes with banks in Bucharest or parts in Bucharest are the Lake Cernica that has an area of ; and the largest in terms of volume is Lake Pantelimon with a volume of . The oldest manmade lake in Bucharest is the Herăstrău Lake completed in 1936 that also has the oldest sluice in the city built between 1933 and 1936 that was finalised in 2007.
List of lakes.
Lake Băneasa is located in Sectorul 1, it has a length of , a width between and , a surface area of , a depth between and , a volume of and a debit of 2.5 m/s.
Lake Cișmigiu is located in Sectorul 1, it has a length of , a width of , a surface area of , a depth between and , and a volume of . 
Lake Dâmbovița is located in Sectorul 6 and coveres a surface of .
Lake Fundeni is located in Sectorul 2
Lake Floreasca is located in Sectorul 1, it has a length of , a width between and , a surface area of , a depth between and , a volume of and a debit of 2.5 m/s.
Lake Grivița is located in Sectorul 1, it has a length of , a width between and , a surface area of , a depth between and , a volume of and a debit of 2.5 m/s.
Lake Herăstrău is located in Sectorul 1 and coveres a surface of .
Lacul Morii ("Morii Lake") is the largest lake in Bucharest, located in Sectorul 6, it has a length of , a surface area of , a depth between of and a volume of . 
Lake Pantelimon is located in Sectorul 2 and covers a surface of , but most of the lake is outside Bucharest, in Pantelimon.
Lake Plumbuita is located in Sectorul 2.
Lake Străulești is located in Sectorul 1, it has a length of , a width between and , a surface area of , a depth between and , and a volume of .
Lake Tineretului is located in Tineretului Park.
'"Lake Tei is in Tei Park.
"'Lake Titan is in Titan Park.
Lake Văcărești is located in Sectorul 4 and coveres a surface of .
Other lakes include Dobroești, the lake from Drumul Taberei Park, the lake from Carol Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21581762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581762" title="Herbert Van de Sompel">
Herbert Van de Sompel

Herbert Van de Sompel is a Belgian librarian and computer scientist, most known for his role in the development of the Open Archives Initiative (OAI) and standards such as OpenURL, Object Reuse and Exchange, and the OAI Protocol for Metadata Harvesting.
Van de Sompel was born March 20, 1957 in Ghent, Belgium. His Ph.D dissertation in 2000 developed the idea of context-sensitive and dynamic linking of scholarly information resources. In this work, he developed the "concepts underlying the OpenURL framework for open reference linking in the web-based scholarly information environment." Van de Sompel's OpenURL framework allowed for the development of software known as link resolvers which take metadata about a source and attempt to find its full text. Link resolver web services have become widely used within academic libraries. His Ph.D dissertation and later development of the OpenURL standard led to the development and commercialization of the SFX link resolver and a series of products for libraries using this approach pioneered by Van de Sompel.
Van de Sompel currently works at the Los Alamos National Laboratory Research Library as the Lead of the Digital Library Research and Prototyping Team. His most recent work includes the Memento Project, which aims to make accessing archived web content as easy as visiting current web pages.

</doc>
<doc id="21581776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581776" title="Patrick Ouchène">
Patrick Ouchène

Patrick Ouchène is a Belgian singer, best known for being the lead singer of the rockabilly band Runnin' Wild.
Eurovision 2009.
On 17 February he was chosen to represent Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia, with the song ""Copycat"". And on 10 March he was officially revealed as the choice for Belgium in Moscow, Patricks entry was also for the first time released. The song missed out on the final, finishing second-last with only one point.

</doc>
<doc id="21581782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581782" title="Bear Mountain Inn">
Bear Mountain Inn

The Bear Mountain Inn is a 1915 hotel and restaurant owned by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission and located on Route 9W at the northern end of Seven Lakes Drive, just south of the Bear Mountain Bridge in Rockland County, New York. It is now called the Bear Mountain Inn & Conference Center. As of fall 2011, the first floor is now open and features the 1915 Cafe and Bear Mountain Trading Company gift store. Renovation of the upper levels was finished in April 2012.
It was added to The National Register of Historic Places on September 20, 2002.
History.
The building has been called "among the earliest examples of a monumental rustic park lodge of a type that became common in state and national parks". Construction required two years at a cost variously reported as $100,000 and $150,000. It was designed by the New York City firm of Tooker & Marsh, in a style strongly influenced by that of Adirondack Great Camps.
Stone used in the foundations, wall facades and the two remarkably large fireplaces, was obtained from old walls on the properties acquired for Bear Mountain State Park. Chestnut timber used for framing, certain trim, siding and floor-covering, was also obtained from local parklands and milled on site. Despite appearances to the contrary, the building's basic framework is constructed of steel.
In the 1915 cellar was an electric lighting plant that was also planned to furnish power for an escalator from the excursion boat landing to the plateau on which the inn stands. The ground floor included a “luncheon counter” while on the second floor veranda, “moderately priced Table d'hote” meals were sold. The main dining room offered “service equal to any metropolitan restaurant.” According to a New York Times article published in June 1915, “There are no windows or doors. When cool weather comes, the upper floor is to be inclosed in glass.” [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=9E06E5D91631E733A05754C2A9609C946496D6CF&scp=2&sq=%22Bear+Mountain+Inn%22&st=p
In 1922-23 the building became a year-round facility with steam heat and enclosed windows. The aim was in part to make it a center for winter sports. Between the 1930s and 1980s changes to the floor plan were made and some historic details and decorative motifs were concealed or lost, and much of the original, rustic furniture was removed. A current renovation aims to restore some of these details.
When it became used for overnight accommodations, the third floor was initially remodeled as a dormitory. Later, individual guest rooms were installed with shared bath facilities. In 1975, individual bathrooms were installed as part of a larger renovation.
At various times during the 1930s and 40s, the Brooklyn Dodgers baseball team, the New York Giants football team and the New York Knickerbockers basketball team made the inn and adjacent athletic facilities their training headquarters. Also during this period, entertainment headliners included Harry James and Tommy Dorsey, and some believe Kate Smith wrote her 1931 theme song “When the Moon Comes Over the Mountain” while at the inn. If so, the mountain in question might be Anthony's Nose which lies to the east across the Hudson River.
Madame Chiang Kai-shek spent two weeks “in seclusion” at one of the outlying lodges of the Bear Mountain Inn in the spring of 1943, meeting with Wendell L. Wilkie there April 25 before proceeding to the White House for a brief stay.
Following the outbreak of World War II, the park commission gave up direct management of the hotel and it was offered as a concession. [http://books.google.com/books?id=EaQA-hHDIg4C&printsec=frontcover&dq=Palisades+Interstate+Park&lr=]
Terminal Operating Corp. operated the hotel from 1941 until 1965, when it was taken over by Restaurant Associates Inc. As of 1991, ARA Leisure Services operated the inn. A similar contract was announced in December 2008 with Guest Services Inc. of Fairfax, Virginia. [http://www.guestservices.com/files/Press_BMI_Release_Final.pdf
Renovation project.
Bear Mountain Inn had been closed for renovations since about 2005, and remained so as of late 2010. Media reports on this topic from time to time were somewhat contradictory. A brief note in the New York Times on Nov. 29, 2009, concerned a high-end charity fund-rasing event for the project, and said renovation was to begin in 2010, though given earlier reports (see below), the accuracy of this report may seem unclear [http://www.nytimes.com/2001/12/02/nyregion/benefits-445720.html?pagewanted=2].
A $12 million renovation by H3. HardyCorp to restore the inn's “original rustic splendor” announced by the park commission in 2005 was to require closing the building to the public for 18 months. As of 2009, no further timetable had been disclosed. [http://www.palisadesparksconservancy.org/news/72/
Reports since then have put the expected cost across a fairly wide range, while accounts of certain other details have also varied. On April, 2009, a comparatively detailed report in a local Orange County media outlet put costs at $15 million, and also said work had been ongoing [http://www.recordonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20090416/NEWS/904160326. When completed at an uncertain date, Bear Mountain Inn may include 15 "suites" for guest accommodations, and much of the building (20,000 square feet) would be available (as previously) only for private "catering" for local weddings and other events.[http://www.foxbusiness.com/story/overlook-lodge-stone-cottages-cliff-house-undergo-million-dollar-renovations/]
[http://www.visitbearmountain.com/accommodations/bear-mountain-inn]
The entire Bear Mountain Inn is now open. This includes the Bear Mountain Trading Company gift store, the 1915 Cafe, the Blue Roof Tapas Bar, and the Bear Mountain Inn Spa.
On February 18, 2012 the Bear Mountain reopened, after a six-year closure 
References.
Sources currently include various historical and recent NYT articles, PIPC press release, local press accounts and [http://www.oprhp.state.ny.us/hpimaging/hp_view.asp?GroupView=9902

</doc>
<doc id="21581787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581787" title="Bank of Georgia headquarters">
Bank of Georgia headquarters

The Bank of Georgia headquarters () is a building in Tbilisi, Georgia. It was designed by architects George Chakhava and Zurab Jalaghania for the Ministry of Highway Construction of the Georgian SSR and finished in 1975. The engineer was Temur Tkhilava. This 18-storey building with the total area of 13,500 sq. was acquired by the Bank of Georgia in 2007. Its interior was completely renovated and a new main entrance an underground lobby were constructed from 2010 to 2011. 
History.
George Chakhava was the Deputy Minister of highway construction in the 1970s. Therefore, he was both the client and the lead architect of this project. He could choose the site location best suited for the design himself. The building costs were 6 million rubles.
In 2007 the building was conferred "an Immovable Monument" status under the National Monuments Acts. For 2009 a renovation and extension to 15.600 m2 was planned but not implemented.
Architect.
George Chakhava (გიორგი ჩახავა) studied architecture at the State Polytechnical University in Tbilisi and graduated in 1949. Since then he has worked as an architect with his own studio and realized projects in Georgia as well as in Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Latvia. He claims that his main inspiration "is the unique nature of my country with its individuality and beauty of each region in harmony with mountain villages. I was always amazed by the ordinary Georgian peasant's ability to build the house where the most expressive landscape was opened, sometimes preferring the nature's beauty to the living convenience. That is why the mastering of complicated relief became the defined moment of my creative work. In my view, the more relief is complicated, the more possibilities has the architect." Chakhava received several honors and awards. He was honored by the "Union of the Architects of USSR", when in 1983 he received the "State Prize of the USSR Council of Ministers". The Georgian Union of Architects awarded him with a medal for "The Special honor in Architecture". In 1991 he became "Honored Member of the International Academy of the Architecture of the Oriental countries". Chakhava died on 25 August 2007.
Description.
The wooded site lies in the outskirts of Tbilisi at the river Kura River. It has a steep slope, declining from West to East. Big parts of the building are lifted off the ground, the landscape runs through beneath. The structure is visible from far, three major roads leading from Tbilisi to the north pass the site. The building can be entered from both sites, at the higher and lower end.
The structure consists of a monumental grid of interlocking concrete forms. Five horizontal parts with two storeys each seem to be stapled on top of each other. Three parts are oriented at an east-west axis, at a right angle to the slope, two are north-south oriented, along the slope. The structure rests on and hangs from three cores. They contain the vertical circulation elements like stairs and elevators. The highest core has 18 storeys. The building has a floor area of 10.960 sqm.
Architecture.
The design is based on a concept named "Space City method" (Georgian patent certificate # 1538). The idea is to use and cover less ground and give the space below the building back to nature. The architect's reference was a forest: the cores are like the trunk, the horizontal parts the crowns. Between the earth and crowns there is a lot of free space for other living beings, which create one harmonious world with the forest. The "Space City method" is based on the same principle. This is supposed to create "experience of psychological comfort and well being in the people".
The concept that the landscape or nature "flows" through under the building was used by other architects, too. Le Corbusier worked theoretically on the "house on pilotis" and realized this idea for example from 1947 on in the Unité d'Habitation. Frank Lloyd Wright used a similar idea at Fallingwater in 1935. Glenn Murcutt used the proverb "Touch This Earth Lightly" literally in some of his designs. A current example is the Musée du quai Branly by Jean Nouvel in Paris, where a garden lies beneath a building.
The design goes back to ideas of the Russian constructivists from the 1920s. The architect El Lissitzky designed with his "horizontal skyscrapers" (Wolkenbügel) 1924 a structure that looks very similar. He also divided the cores and office areas in vertical and horizontal elements as an antithesis to the American concept of the skyscraper.
The style can be called "post-constructivist" and it is one of the best examples of this architectural concept in the city. Based on the use of fairfaced concrete and the sharp, geometrical volumes, the building can also be considered as part of the Brutalism movement. The concept of the "space city" has strong connections to Structuralism. Between Brutalism and Structuralism similar buildings were also built in other countries, for example the Yamanashi communication centre in Kofu by Kenzo Tange or Habitat 67 by Moshe Safdie, both finished in 1967.
Udo Kultermann, a German author, sees also a formal connection to the user of the building. The structure represents in his opinion the internal use by the formal reference to streets and bridges. Describing the building, Nikolai Ouroussoff, a New York Times's architecture critic, said: "Rising on an incline between two highways, the building’s heavy cantilevered forms reflect the Soviet-era penchant for heroic scale. Yet they also relate sensitively to their context, celebrating the natural landscape that flows directly underneath the building. The composition of interlocking forms, conceived as a series of bridges, brings to mind the work of the Japanese Metabolists of the late ’60s and early ’70s, proof that Soviet architects weren’t working in an intellectual vacuum."
Frozen Moments.
It was the site of a contemporary art exhibition, "Frozen Moments: Architecture Speaks Back" in July 2010.
Frozen moments: Architecture Speaks Back was a project organized by the Other Space Foundation in cooperation with the Laura Palmer Foundation in Poland addressing and taking place in the enigmatic Ministry of Transportation building in Tbilisi, Georgia. The Ministry of Transportation building is viewed by many Georgians as an eyesore and relic of the Soviet era, although many young Georgian artists admire the building. Recently bought by the Bank of Georgia, the building has somehow been turned over to a week of cross platform installations, performances, talks and activities that address the building and a constellation of political, economic, aesthetic and architectural associations. The project was financed by the Polish Ministry of Culture, the City of Warsaw and the Culture Program of the EC.
Controversy over design.
The design is alleged to be stolen from a building that was planned but not built in the Prague district of Košíře, by Czech architect Karel Prager, who also designed the former Federal Assembly building in Prague.
There is a version of some of the structural ideas of this project in the "Tree of Life" (Árbol de la vida) building in Lecherias, Venezuela, by Venezuelan architect Fruto Vivas.

</doc>
<doc id="21581855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581855" title="Udabarri (dance group)">
Udabarri (dance group)

The Udabarri Euskal Dantzari Taldea (Basque for "Spingtime Basque Dance Group") is a dance group from Amorebieta-Etxano in the Basque Country.
The group was founded in 1966 and performs in conjunction with the Udazken Txistu Taldea ("Autumn Txistu Group"), performing traditional Basque dances, in particular dances from Biscay.
The group has won several prizes in the past and in 2009 had more than 200 members, approximately 120 adults and some 85 children.
Repertoire.
Some of the following dances form part of the groupe's repertoire:
Performances.
The group has performed at the following events to date:

</doc>
<doc id="21581858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581858" title="Love and Responsibility">
Love and Responsibility

Love and Responsibility is a book written by Karol Wojtyła before he became Pope John Paul II and was originally published in Polish in 1960 and in English in 1981. A new, completely updated and original translation was published in 2013.
The work consists of five chapters; "One: The Person and the Sexual Urge; Two: The Person and Love; Three: The Person and Chastity; Four: Justice to the Creator; and Five: Sexology and Ethics".
It is described as 'a defence of the traditional Church teachings on marriage from a new philosophical standpoint'. In his introduction to the first edition, Fr. Wojtyla describes his reasons for writing the book as being '"born principally of the need to put the norms of Catholic sexual morality on a firm basis, a basis as definitive as possible, relying on the most elementary and incontrovertible moral truths and the most fundamental values or goods".' Fr. Wojtyła was originally inspired to write the book while being a professor at the Catholic University of Lublin, through the experiences he had in teaching young Catholics.
While at the university, Fr. Wojtyła gathered a group of about 20 young people, who began to call themselves "‘Rodzinka’", the "little family". They met for prayers, philosophical discussions, and helping the blind and sick. The group eventually grew to approximately 200 participants, and their activities expanded to include annual skiing and kayaking trips. The insight he gained from these meetings and discussions helped him develop the raw material for the text.
Fr. Wojtyła writes that marital sexual intercourse is the best image of God who is love, for he sees the human body as the only one capable of making the invisible — the spiritual and the divine — visible. He says that human beings were created by God for a purpose: to be persons who freely choose to love, to give themselves as persons who express their self-giving through their bodies. Thus, sexual intercourse between husband and wife is a symbol of their total mutual self-donation, and further fosters, strengthens and enriches it not just for the present but also for the future. For Fr. Wojtyła, "The body, and it alone, is capable of making visible what is invisible: the spiritual and divine."

</doc>
<doc id="21581860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581860" title="Shanks transformation">
Shanks transformation

In numerical analysis, the Shanks transformation is a non-linear series acceleration method to increase the rate of convergence of a sequence. This method is named after Daniel Shanks, who rediscovered this sequence transformation in 1955. It was first derived and published by R. Schmidt in 1941.
Formulation.
For a sequence formula_1 the series
is to be determined. First, the partial sum formula_3 is defined as:
and forms a new sequence formula_5. Provided the series converges, formula_3 will approach in the limit to formula_7 as formula_8
The Shanks transformation formula_9 of the sequence formula_3 is defined as
and forms a new sequence. The sequence formula_9 often converges more rapidly than the sequence formula_13 
Further speed-up may be obtained by repeated use of the Shanks transformation, by computing formula_14 formula_15 etc.
Note that the non-linear transformation as used in the Shanks transformation is of similar form as used in Aitken's delta-squared process. But while Aitken's method operates on the coefficients formula_16 of the original sequence, the Shanks transformation operates on the partial sums formula_13
Example.
As an example, consider the slowly convergent series
which has the exact sum "π" ≈ 3.14159265. The partial sum formula_19 has only one digit accuracy, while six-figure accuracy requires summing about 400,000 terms.
In the table below, the partial sums formula_3, the Shanks transformation formula_9 on them, as well as the repeated Shanks transformations formula_22 and formula_23 are given for formula_24 up to 12. The figure to the right shows the absolute error for the partial sums and Shanks transformation results, clearly showing the improved accuracy and convergence rate.
The Shanks transformation formula_25 already has two-digit accuracy, while the original partial sums only establish the same accuracy at formula_26 Remarkably, formula_27 has six digits accuracy, obtained from repeated Shank transformations applied to the first seven terms formula_28, ... , formula_29 As said before, formula_3 only obtains 6-digit accuracy after about summing 400,000 terms.
Motivation.
The Shanks transformation is motivated by the observation that — for larger formula_24 — the partial sum formula_3 quite often behaves approximately as
with formula_34 so that the sequence converges transiently to the series result formula_7 for formula_8
So for formula_37 formula_24 and formula_39 the respective partial sums are:
These three equations contain three unknowns: formula_41 formula_42 and formula_43 Solving for formula_7 gives
In the (exceptional) case that the denominator is equal to zero: then formula_46 for all formula_47
Generalized Shanks transformation.
The generalized "k"th-order Shanks transformation is given as the ratio of the determinants:
with formula_49 It is the solution of a model for the convergence behaviour of the partial sums formula_3 with formula_51 distinct transients:
This model for the convergence behaviour contains formula_53 unknowns. By evaluating the above equation at the elements formula_54 and solving for formula_41 the above expression for the "k"th-order Shanks transformation is obtained. The first-order generalized Shanks transformation is equal to the ordinary Shanks transformation: formula_56
The generalized Shanks transformation is closely related to Padé approximants and Padé tables.

</doc>
<doc id="21581881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581881" title="Pharynx">
Pharynx

The pharynx (plural: "pharynges") is an organ found in vertebrates and invertebrates 
, though the structure is not universally the same across the species. In humans the pharynx is part of the digestive system and also of the conducting zone of the respiratory system. The conducting zone also includes the nose, larynx, trachea, bronchi, and bronchioles, and their function is to filter, warm, and moisten air and conduct it into the lungs. It makes up the part of the throat situated immediately posterior to the nasal cavity, posterior to the mouth and superior to the esophagus and larynx. The human pharynx is conventionally divided into three sections: the nasopharynx, the oropharynx and the laryngopharynx. It is also important in vocalization.
Structure.
Nasopharynx.
The upper portion of the pharynx, the nasopharynx, extends from the base of the skull to the upper surface of the soft palate. It includes the space between the internal nares and the soft palate and lies above the oral cavity. The adenoids, also known as the pharyngeal tonsils, are lymphoid tissue structures located in the posterior wall of the nasopharynx.
Polyps or mucus can obstruct the nasopharynx, as can congestion due to an upper respiratory infection. The eustachian tubes, which connect the middle ear to the pharynx, open into the nasopharynx. The opening and closing of the eustachian tubes serves to equalize the barometric pressure in the middle ear with that of the ambient atmosphere.
The anterior aspect of the nasopharynx communicates through the choanae with the nasal cavities. On its lateral walls are the pharyngeal ostia of the auditory tube, somewhat triangular in shape, and bounded behind by a firm prominence, the torus tubarius or cushion, caused by the medial end of the cartilage of the tube that elevates the mucous membrane. Two folds arise from the cartilaginous opening:
Behind the opening of the auditory tube is a deep recess, the pharyngeal recess (also referred to as the "fossa of Rosenmüller"). On the posterior wall is a prominence, best marked in childhood, produced by a mass of lymphoid tissue, which is known as the pharyngeal tonsil. Superior to the pharyngeal tonsil, in the midline, an irregular flask-shaped depression of the mucous membrane sometimes extends up as far as the basilar process of the occipital bone, this is known as the "pharyngeal bursa".
Oropharynx.
The oropharynx lies behind the oral cavity, extending from the uvula to the level of the hyoid bone. It opens anteriorly, through the isthmus faucium, into the mouth, while in its lateral wall, between the Palatoglossal arch and the Palatopharyngeal arch, is the palatine tonsil. The anterior wall consists of the base of the tongue and the epiglottic vallecula; the lateral wall is made up of the tonsil, tonsillar fossa, and tonsillar (faucial) pillars; the superior wall consists of the inferior surface of the soft palate and the uvula. Because both food and air pass through the pharynx, a flap of connective tissue called the epiglottis closes over the glottis when food is swallowed to prevent aspiration. The oropharynx is lined by non-keratinised squamous stratified epithelium.
The "HACEK" organisms ("Haemophilus", "Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans", "Cardiobacterium hominis, "Eikenella corrodens", "Kingella") are part of the normal oropharyngeal flora, which grow slowly, prefer a carbon dioxide-enriched atmosphere, and share an enhanced capacity to produce endocardial infections, especially in young children. "Fusobacterium" is a pathogen.
Laryngopharynx.
The laryngopharynx, (Latin: "pars laryngea pharyngis"), is the caudal part of the pharynx; it is the part of the throat that connects to the esophagus. It lies inferior to the epiglottis and extends to the location where this common pathway diverges into the respiratory (larynx) and digestive (esophagus) pathways. At that point, the laryngopharynx is continuous with the esophagus posteriorly. The esophagus conducts food and fluids to the stomach; air enters the larynx anteriorly. During swallowing, food has the "right of way", and air passage temporarily stops. Corresponding roughly to the area located between the 4th and 6th cervical vertebrae, the superior boundary of the laryngopharynx is at the level of the hyoid bone. The laryngopharynx includes three major sites: the pyriform sinus, postcricoid area, and the posterior pharyngeal wall. Like the oropharynx above it, the laryngopharynx serves as a passageway for food and air and is lined with a stratified squamous epithelium. It is innervated by the pharyngeal plexus.
The vascular supply to the hypopharynx includes the superior thyroid artery, the lingual artery and the ascending pharyngeal artery. The primary neural supply is from both the vagus and glossopharyngeal nerves. The vagus nerve provides a branch termed "Arnolds Nerve" which also supplies the external auditory canal, thus hypophayrngeal cancer can result in referred otalgia. This nerve is also responsible for the ear-cough reflex in which stimulation of the ear canal results in a person coughing.
History.
Etymology.
The word "pharynx" (pronounced ) is derived from the Greek "phárynx", meaning "throat". Its plural form is "pharynges" or "pharynxes" , and its adjective form is "pharyngeal" ( or ).
Other animals.
Vertebrates.
All vertebrates have a pharynx, used in both feeding and respiration. The pharynx arises during development in all vertebrates through a series of six or more outpocketings on the lateral sides of the head. These outpocketings are pharyngeal arches, and they give rise to a number of different structures in the skeletal, muscular and circulatory systems. The structure of the pharynx varies across the vertebrates. It differs in dogs, horses and ruminants. In dogs a single duct connects the nasopharynx to the nasal cavity. The tonsils are a compact mass which point away from the lumen of the pharynx.
In the horse the auditory tube opens into the guttural pouch and the tonsils are diffuse and raised slightly. Horses are unable to breathe through the mouth as the free apex of the rostral epiglottis lies dorsal to the soft palate in a normal horse. In ruminants the tonsils are a compact mass which point towards the lumen of the pharynx.
Pharyngeal arches are characteristic features of vertebrates whose origin can be traced back through chordates to basal deuterostomes who also share endodermal outpocketings of the pharyngeal apparatus. Similar patterns of gene expression can be detected in the developing pharynx of amphioxus and hemichordates. However, the vertebrate pharynx is unique in that it gives rise to endoskeletal support through the contribution of neural crest cells.
Pharyngeal jaws are a "second set" of jaws contained within the pharynx of many species of fish, distinct from the primary (oral) jaws. Pharyngeal jaws have been studied in moray eels where their specific action is noted. When the moray bites prey, it first bites normally with its oral jaws, capturing the prey. Immediately thereafter, the pharyngeal jaws are brought forward and bite down on the prey to grip it; they then retract, pulling the prey down the eel's esophagus, allowing it to be swallowed.
Invertebrates.
Invertebrates also have a pharynx. Invertebrates with a pharynx include the Tardigrades, Annelids and Arthropods and the priapulids (which have an eversible pharynx).
The term 'pharynx' is used loosely across the animal kingdom for the portion of the digestive tract loosely analogous to the vertebrate pharynx, but this need not imply deep structural or developmental similarities, or that the structures are homologous.
The "pharynx" of the nematode worm is a muscular food pump in the head, triangular in cross-section, that grinds food and transports it directly to the intestines. A one-way valve connects the pharynx to the excretory canal.

</doc>
<doc id="21581889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581889" title="The Inner Reaches of Outer Space">
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space

The Inner Reaches of Outer Space was the last book completed by mythologist Joseph Campbell before his death in 1987. In it, he explores the intersections of art, psychology and religion, and discusses the ways in which new myths are born. In creating the book, Campbell drew on transcripts of a series of lectures and conversations that he gave in San Francisco in the early 1980s, including legendary symposiums with astronaut Rusty Schweickart and with members of the Grateful Dead.
Originally published by Alfred van der Mark in 1986, the book was rereleased by Harper & Row in 1988. With the publication of the third edition by New World Library in 2002, "The Inner Reaches of Outer Space" became the second title in the Joseph Campbell Foundation's Collected Works of Joseph Campbell series.

</doc>
<doc id="21581891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581891" title="Além do que os Olhos Podem Ver">
Além do que os Olhos Podem Ver

Além do que os Olhos Podem Ver is the eighth studio album by Oficina G3.

</doc>
<doc id="21581905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581905" title="Pima Arizala">
Pima Arizala

Pima Arizala is an award-winning Filipino documentary producer.
She previously worked for the Philippine television program Reporter's Notebook of GMA News and Public Affairs. She produced the documentary "Engkuwentro" which was awarded with the Bronze World Medal for Coverage of an On-going Story by the 2008 New York Festivals for Television.

</doc>
<doc id="21581912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581912" title="Michał Zadara">
Michał Zadara

Michał Zadara (Warsaw, 19 October 1976) is a Polish theatre director and set designer. He has worked primarily in Warsaw and Krakow, but he also staged several plays abroad, in Germany, Israel and the United States. He studied at the American International School of Vienna, and at Swarthmore College.
Early years and education.
Born in Warsaw, Zadara left Poland with his parents when he was three years old and moved to Austria, and then to West Germany. He attended English-language schools. In 1994 he began studying Political Science at Swarthmore College, near Philadelphia. After two years of study, he took a leave of absence from Swarthmore, and studied directing at the Theatre Academy in Warsaw, and then oceanography at Sea Education Association in Massachusetts. Upon returning to Swarthmore he changed his major to Theatre Studies, and earned his B.A. with honors with a minor in Political Science in 1999. After his studies, he moved to New York, where he worked as a publicity assistant, theatrical carpenter and computerized-banking assistant. He also directed one show at the no longer existing off-off-broadway stage Collective Unconscious.
In the year 2000 he returned to Poland. After being rejected from the Krakow Theatre School, he worked as an assistant and collaborator of set designer Małgorzata Szczęśniak at Warsaw's Rozmaitości Theatre. In 2001 he was accepted and began studying at the Directing Department of the Krakow Theatre School.
Theatre career.
Since 2004 Zadara has directed more than twenty plays and performance art pieces at The Wybrzeże Theatre in Gdansk, Stary National Theatre in Krakow, Współczesny Theatre in Wrocław, National Theatre in Warsaw, Współczesny Theatre in Szczecin, the Maxim Gorki Theatre in Berlin, the HaBima National Theatre in Tel Aviv, the Schauspielhaus Wien and a staging of Iannis Xenakis's opera "Oresteia" at the National Opera in Warsaw.
He was nominated for the Political Passport prize in 2006 and 2007, and was awarded this prize - the Polish equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize - in 2007. His 2007 production of Witold Gombrowicz's "Operetta" was presented in the 2009 Philadelphia Live Arts Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21581913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581913" title="Inmortal (La Oreja De Van Gogh song)">
Inmortal (La Oreja De Van Gogh song)

"Inmortal" is the second single from the fifth studio album A las cinco en el Astoria by the Spanish pop/rock group La Oreja de Van Gogh. It was confirmed to be the second single by the group on October, 16. It was officially released on early November.
Music video.
The videoclip was filmed in Valparaíso, Chile. It begins with Leire singing under a colourful house with a red umbrella. Later the other members of the band appears with black umbrellas, and they start to play the song together. At the end of the video they appear on a Pacific beach with their umbrellas again. It's a very naive video that shows beautiful places of Chile.
It was released on November 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21581918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581918" title="Copycat (Patrick Ouchène song)">
Copycat (Patrick Ouchène song)

"Copycat" is a song by Belgian singer Patrick Ouchène and was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow, Russia. It failed to win a place in the Eurovision final, finishing second last in the first semi final with just one point.

</doc>
<doc id="21581924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581924" title="Merrill Brown">
Merrill Brown

Merrill Brown, a veteran journalist, media executive and consultant, has worked for print, broadcast and Internet outlets. He also was a pioneer in the delivery of online news, having been the first editor-in-chief of MSNBC.com, the largest news site in the U.S. In addition to reporting on Wall Street as a correspondent for the "Washington Post", he was the editor of "Channels", a magazine about television, during the 1980s. He was later hired to help create Court TV, where he was a founder and served as senior vice president. Following consulting work with "Time", NBC, US West, and others, he was named MSNBC.com’s first editor-in-chief, stepping into that role in August 1996 after serving as acting manager for the July launch of the service. Brown was also a founder of News21, an educational effort involving journalism grad students from five major universities— Columbia, Berkeley, USC Annenberg, Northwestern, and Harvard— a program that was guided by a support team of faculty and professional journalists. Brown served as National Editorial Director of the project from June 2005 until January 2008. He was brought on board at NowPublic, the citizen journalism news network with contributors from around the globe, in the spring of 2006 and his relationship with the organization grew until he was part of the board and eventually elected chairman. 
Building MSNBC's Reputation:
As the Web site’s first editor-in-chief, he was responsible “forging connections” between Microsoft’s “technology wizards” and NBC’s “news hounds,” between MSNBC on the Internet based in Redmond, Washington, and MSNBC Cable, based in New Jersey. The New York Times also remarked that his responsibilities, which included “raising the bar for people working on the online side so that their skills and experience and journalistic sensibilities match those on the NBC side” had made “New York-to-Seattle into a shuttle flight.” He went on to become Senior Vice President in August 2000 and during his tenure, the fledgling company grew to become one of the most visited news offerings on the Internet, maintaining a position as the No. 1 online news provider since 1999.
Journalism Background:
Brown was associated with The Washington Post from 1979 to 1985, serving as a financial reporter (1979–1982), New York financial correspondent (1982–1984) and director of business development, Washington Post Company (1984–1985). Prior to that, Brown was a financial reporter at the "Washington Star" (1978–1979), Washington correspondent for Media General Newspapers (1975–1978), a reporter at the Winston-Salem Sentinel (1974–1975) and reporter and freelance critic at the St. Louis Post Dispatch (1973–1974).
As a founder of the cable network Court TV, Brown worked on all facets of the network's operation leading up to its July 1991 launch. As senior vice president, corporate & program development, he oversaw program planning, advertising, promotion, marketing, public relations and development of day-to-day management of the cable network (1990–1994).
While at Time, he served as consulting senior editor of Money magazine, developing online and Internet services for the publication. He also served as acting editor for Time Magazine Daily (the periodical's daily online news operation) and as a consulting editor for Time magazine. During that time, Brown also served as a launch consultant for NBC Desktop Video, designing the network program plan and creating the network's on-air look for NBC's business news service delivered to personal computers.
In Spring 2005, he prepared a report for the Carnegie Corporation of New York which was published in the organization's Carnegie Reporter and examined young peoples' changing media consumption habits. The report was widely read and referenced in a speech later that year by News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch in a speech to the American Society of Magazine Editors in addition to other domestic and international outlets.
Current Activities:
Brown is the founder and principal of MMB Media LLC, which provides clients with management and strategy consulting, corporate, editorial and program development, business analysis and marketing services and is also a partner in Propeller LLC, a New York consultancy. Since the founding of the MMB Media, clients have ranged from companies in the news, information and wireless businesses to a large foundation.
Brown also serves on the Board of Directors of Smashing Ideas, Inc. and the board of the International Women's Media Foundation. He is an adviser to the Center for Citizen Media, New West Publishing, iFocus, the Institute for the Connected Society, Project Agape, and the City University of New York Graduate School of Journalism. Brown is a member of the advisory boards of two advertising firms, Media 6 Degrees and TRA Global, where he recently became Advisory Board Chairman. Brown is also an advisor to Evri.com, a content discovery company funded by Vulcan Capital.
Brown is a Board Member at the IWMF (International Women's Media Foundation).
In September 2012 he starts as the inaugural director of the School of Communication and Media at Montclair State University, to which Brown states “I am proud to be associated with the strong team within the new school and with an administration that’s committed to making the school a recognized leader in a field that’s critically important to the future of the state and the region.” His extensive knowledge and participation in the creation of the new School of Communication and Media represent a strong opportunity of growth to the renovated curriculum as well as the establishment of new partnerships with media networking agencies. 
References:

</doc>
<doc id="21581927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581927" title="The Steel Bayonet">
The Steel Bayonet

The Steel Bayonet is a 1957 British war film directed by Michael Carreras and starring Leo Genn, Kieron Moore and Michael Medwin. Michael Caine also had a small role in the film, early in his career. It is set during the Second World War, in the Tunisian desert when a small British observation force are surrounded in a farm by overwhelming forces of the Afrika Korps. Filming took place on Salisbury Plain, which doubled for North Africa.
Plot.
"Tunisia 1943"
As the end of the North African Campaign draws to a close, and the German and Italian forces are being pushed back on Tunis. A company of British Infantry are tasked with holding a small Arab farm against an expected last-ditch counter-attack; the farm's water tower will be used as an observation point by a few Royal Artillery spotters. To defend the farm British Lt. Colonel Derry picks a company led by Major Alan Gerrard; these men have been in the thick of the fighting around Tunis and are greatly reduced in number (described by the narrator as down to barely two platoons). So Gerrard's company set out on foot for the farm; on the way they are joined by Captain Dickie Mead and his signaller, Ames. Arriving at the farm, Gerrard's men chase out the occupants and dig slit trenches out in front of the farm. With the water tower and its ladder in clear view, Mead decides to wait until just before dawn to climb the tower while it is still dark. The next day Mead uses the his position to target the artillery onto the German forces, all is going well until the Germans send out a reconnaissance patrol to pin point the observation post, which Gerrard's men dispose of. With the Germans sure of their position, it becomes a test of nerve for Gerrard's men, seasoned troops and new boys alike. All of them stick it out until they are finally ordered to retreat with their job done. Mead decides to stay behind and cover their escape with artillery fire, leading to the death of Sergeant Major Gill and Private Middleditch. And when Mead finally succumbs to German fire, only the wounded Gerrard is left. With the Germans in the farm and his surviving men well on their way to safety, the mortally wounded Gerrard radios for the artillery to totally destroy the farm, killing Gerrard and the Germans' last chance at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="21581934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581934" title="Jack Finlay (American football)">
Jack Finlay (American football)

Jack Alexander Finlay (born September 8, 1921) is a former professional American football player who played guard for five seasons for the Los Angeles Rams. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21581936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581936" title="Official Payments Corporation">
Official Payments Corporation

Official Payments Corporation, or OPC for short, is a source for electronic payment options to the United States government and other organizations. Tier Technologies Inc. wholly owns Official Payments Corporation as a subsidiary. Tier Technologies Inc. is a publicly traded company (). Official Payments Corporation enables citizens to use their credit card or debit card to make payments such as parking fines and tax bills to governments and other institutions.
Contracts with federal, state and local governments enable Official Payments Incorporated to collect and process payments from citizens. Official Payments Corporation is a licensee of the TRUSTe® Privacy Seal Program.
Company description.
Official Payments offers "last minute" tax payment options. People located in the U.S. can use their telephone or the web to charge payments to various government entities including federal, state, and local branches. Customers have to choose a payment category and payment type. Various types of bills account for Official Payments Sales. The most popular include: traffic fines, gas bills, electricity bills, water bills, tuition payments, and property tax bills. The IRS also accounts for a large portion of sales for Official Payments Incorporated.
Company history.
Tier Technologies, a California based consulting firm, acquired Official Payments in 2002. Official Payments has been around since 1996. The company has been an IRS payment provider since 1999. Official Payments is a partner with the United States Internal Revenue Services, the District of Columbia, over four hundred colleges and universities, twenty-five state governments, over 2,500 municipal and local government agencies, and public and private interests in all fifty states.
Official Payments was acquired by ACI Worldwide in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21581952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581952" title="Belém do Brejo do Cruz">
Belém do Brejo do Cruz

Belém do Brejo do Cruz is the northernmost town in the Brazilian state of Paraíba.

</doc>
<doc id="21581960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581960" title="Chaim Pinto">
Chaim Pinto

Rabbi Ḥaim Pinto (1748–1845) was the leading rabbi in the seaport city of Essaouira, Morocco, known in his lifetime as Mogador, Morocco. Rabbi Pinto, himself born into a distinguished rabbinic family, had four sons, Rabbi Yehouda also known as Rabbi Haddan, Rabbi Yossef, Rabbi Yehoshiya and Rabbi Yaacov.
Annually, on the anniversary of Rabbi Pinto's death, ( 26 Elloul 5605, in the Jewish calendar) Jews from around the world come on pilgrimage to pray at the rabbi's grave in the Jewish Cemetery of Essaouira.
Rabbi Pinto is remembered as a man whose prayers were received in heaven in such a way that miracles resulted.
The Chaim Pinto Synagogue, the building that was Rabbi Pinto's home, office and synagogue is preserved as an historic site.
Rabbi Pinto's followers and descendants have a number of synagogues worldwide, including the Pinto Center synagogue on Pico Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, which was founded by Rabbi Yaacov Pinto.
Contemporary descendants include Rabbi Yishayahu Yosef Pinto, Rabbi Ḥaim Pinto of Ashdod, Israel, Rabbi David Pinto

</doc>
<doc id="21581987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21581987" title="Mike Chalenski">
Mike Chalenski

Michael Alan Chalenski (born January 28, 1970 in Elizabeth, New Jersey) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who spent six seasons with the Philadelphia Eagles, the New York Jets, the Miami Dolphins, and the Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="21582009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582009" title="Volker Danner">
Volker Danner

Volker Danner (born 21 August 1942; died 14 March 2005 in Wesel) was a German football player. He spent nine seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Saarbrücken, Borussia Mönchengladbach, MSV Duisburg and Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="21582011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582011" title="Bill Sandifer">
Bill Sandifer

William Patrick Sandifer (born January 5, 1952 in Quantico, Virginia) is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="21582013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582013" title="Agelastica alni">
Agelastica alni

The alder leaf beetle, Agelastica alni, is a species of leaf beetle (Chrysomelidae) in the genus "Agelastica". "Agelastica alni" is distributed in Europe, the Caucasuses, Siberia, north-eastern Kazakhstan, and in the 19th century was introduced to the USA (Kolk & Starzyk, 1996).
Previously rare, it now appears to be on the increase in the Northwest. The beetle and the beetle's larvae host on the grey or speckled alder ("Alnus incana") and to a lesser extent black alder ("Alnus glutinosa"), but will be found on hazel, birch and/or hornbeam if there is a shortage of food. Causing large holes and gaps from the end of April onwards, which are produced by the larvae in the first two stages, but the main damage is only produced by larvae in the third stage.
Description.
The alder leaf beetle is a relatively small beetle, around 6–7 mm, black or metallic blue in colour. The larvae are normally black.

</doc>
<doc id="21582021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582021" title="Protection One">
Protection One

Protection 1 is an electronic security company in the United States, which provides home and business security solutions. The company has approximately 1.5 million home and business customers, 66 branch offices, and 2,200 employees.
Business Security.
Protection 1 serves approximately 100,000 businesses with security services. These services range from basic monitoring to remote video access and site control and is available nationwide to local businesses, national accounts, and large business customers.
Residential Security.
Protection 1 monitors hundreds of thousands of homes nationwide with security systems that are customized to the homeowner’s specifications. Protection 1 conducts home security evaluations before recommending specific security system components and design, and then monitors its components from 5 UL listed monitoring centers across the us. Protection 1 has a customer service satisfaction rating of 95.6%.
Unlike top competitors such as ADT, Monitronics, Protect America, Johns Brothers, Vivint, Security Networks, Vector, and LifeShield security, Protection 1 provides same-day service and a live representative to answer phone calls. Their services are provided 24/7/365. They have an A+ BBB rating and function as the largest full service security company in the United States. Most recently, they were awarded the best choice in home security by SDM magazine. For official reviews and comparisons, visit getp1.com.
Web- and Text-enabled Remote System Access/Notification.
With the launch of e-Secure in 2007, Protection One became the first national provider to introduce a Web-based service that enables its customers to access their own security systems through Internet-connected computers and cell phones. Protection 1 e-Secure customers also can receive e-mail and text notifications of certain events, as well as view video surveillance cameras via the Internet or cell phone.
Forbes.com List.
In March 2008, Forbes published a list of America’s Most Trustworthy Companies. The list was based on an independent company’s research that ranked companies on honesty and openness. Protection 1 was the only security company listed.
Protection 1 Technology Partners.
Protection 1 partners with the follow security and technology companies:
Industry Involvement.
Protection 1 is endorsed by or has membership in the following organizations or associations:

</doc>
<doc id="21582022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582022" title="Artega tribe">
Artega tribe

Artegais an Arab tribe in Sudan " they came from Hadramut since Eight centuries ago, settling near Tokar. The name is said to be "patrician," They became princes Sawakin since 664 AH under Mamluk and Othman Caliphate . They were all followers of the Mahdi and Khalifa in the Sudan wars (1883-1898).

</doc>
<doc id="21582024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582024" title="1970 Gediz earthquake">
1970 Gediz earthquake

The 1970 Gediz earthquake, aka 1970 Kütahya-Gediz earthquake, was an approximately 7.2 magnitude earthquake that struck western Turkey on 28 March 1970 at about 23:05 local time.
The event killed 1,086 people and left 1,260 people wounded and many thousands homeless in Gediz. a district of Kütahya Province situated southeast of Kütahya. Many people were burnt alive as fires broke out from overturned stoves. 9,452 buildings in the region were severely damaged or destroyed.
The town of Gediz, home to repeated natural disasters like earthquakes and floods, was relocated following a government resolution soon after the destruction to a new place away on the road to Uşak under the name "Yeni Gediz" (literally: New Gediz). The residents moved in their newly built, earthquake-resistant homes. Neighboring towns and villages were also rebuilt at places with relative minimum earthquake risk.
Major earthquakes in the history of Gediz were in 1866 and 1896. On June 25, 1944 at 07:20 local time, an 6.0 magnitude earthquake occurred in Gediz killing 20 people and damaging around 3,500 buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="21582025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582025" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 400 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582029" title="Piotr Indyk">
Piotr Indyk

Piotr Indyk is a Professor in the Theory of Computation Group at the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Academic biography.
Indyk received the Magister degree from the Uniwersytet Warszawski in 1995 and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University in 2000 under the supervision of Rajeev Motwani. In 2000, Indyk joined MIT where he currently holds the title of Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
Research.
Indyk's research focuses primarily on computational geometry in high-dimensions, streaming algorithms, and computational learning theory. He has made a range of contributions to these fields, particularly in the study of low-distortion embeddings, algorithmic coding theory, and geometric and combinatorial pattern matching. He has also made contributions to the theory of compressed sensing. His work on algorithms for computing the Fourier transform of signals with sparse spectra faster than the FFT algorithm was selected by MIT Technology Review as a TR10 Top 10 Emerging Technology in 2012.
Awards and honors.
In 2000, Indyk was awarded the Best Student Paper Award at FOCS. In 2002 he received the Career Award from the National Science Foundation, and in 2003 he received a Packard Fellowship from the Packard Foundation and a Sloan Fellowship from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. He was a co-winner of the 2012 Paris Kanellakis Award from the Association for Computing Machinery for his work on Locality Sensitive Hashing. In 2013, he was named a Simons Investigator by the Simons Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21582030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582030" title="Ishq Be Parwah">
Ishq Be Parwah

Ishq Be Parwah is an Urdu movie from Pakistan, directed by Altaf Hussein. It stars Veena Malik, Moammar Rana and Sana.
Tracklist.
All Lyrics by: Tej Hundal, Raj Kakra, Vijay Dhammi, Koki Deep & Avtar Ibban. Music by: Sukshinder Shinda, Jeeti Singh & Attique Malik.
01 Ishq Be Parwah - Singer: Tej Hundal, Music: Sukshinder Shinda & Lyrics: Tej Hundal
02 Dil Nachda Yaar De - Singer: Nishawn Bhullar, Music: Jeeti Singh & Lyrics: Avtar Ibban
03 Dupatta - Singer: Shweta Pandit, Music: Sukshinder Shinda & Lyrics: Koki Deep
04 Kudi - Singer: Tej Hundal, Music: Attique Malik & Lyrics: Raj Kakra
05 Yadaan - Singer: J-Star, Music: Jeeti Singh & Lyrics: Vijay Dhammi
06 Meharban - Singer: Tej Hundal, Music: Sukshinder Shinda & Lyrics: Tej Hundal
07 Hip-Hop - Singer: Shweta Pandit, Music: Sukshinder Shinda & Lyrics: Raj Kakra
08 Ishare - Singer: Rani Randeep, Music: Jeeti Singh & Lyrics: Koki Deep
09 Rang Tamashe - Singer: Meshi Eshara, Music: Sukshinder Shinda & Lyrics: Koki Deep
10 Lak De Hullare - Singer: Nishawn Bhullar, Music: Attique Malik & Lyrics: Avtar Ibban & Vijay Dhammi
Singers: Tej Hundal, Nishawn Bhullar, Shweta Pandit, J-Star, Rani Randeep & Meshi Eshara

</doc>
<doc id="21582035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582035" title="Artega Automobile">
Artega Automobile

Artega Automobil GmbH & Co. KG was a German sports car manufacturer based in Delbrück, Germany. Founded by Klaus Dieter Frers in 2006, the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2012.
Company.
The Artega GT was released at the 2007 Frankfurt Auto Show. It was previously thought that another sports car producer was the last thing that the auto industry needed given the economic downturn of late 2008 and early 2009 in which new car sales decreased cataclysmically, but Klaus Dieter Frers, producer of Artega, announced at the 2008 Detroit Auto Show that Artega was investing in a possible concept vehicle that included solar powered drivetrain-engine. Frers, with help from Henrik Fisker who also designed the Aston Martin DB9, wants to compete with Tesla Roadster and Fisker Karma, both electric luxury vehicles. The price tag of the Artega GT is at €74,948 or $104,000 in Germany with taxes. The car is powered by a VW 300 Hp 3.6 liter V6 direct-injection engine located right behind the driver and produces maximum torque of at 2400/min. The Artega GT is weighted at without passenger. Artega claimed that the GT could sprints from 0 to in less than 5 seconds and with a top speed of more than . The Artega GT Coupe borrows styling from both Porsche and Ferrari. Artega Automobil has a close relationship with Volkswagen ("March 2008"). Artega currently has one model set for production, the Artega GT. [http://www.globalmotors.net/rendered-speculation-2010-artega-gt-roadster/]
On January 25, 2010, Artega was purchased in whole by Mexican investment firm Tresalia Capital. With change of control Dr.-Ing- Wolfgang Ziebart (Former Head of Continental AG and Infineon AG) is now CEO of the Artega. Klaus Frers left the company at the same time.
In March 2011, Artega unveiled an electric version, called the Artega SE (for Sports Electric). It has a motor of 280 kW (380 hp), and a 310 kg (683 lb) water-cooled battery of 37 kWh at 350 Volt. It weighs in at 1,400 kg (3,086 lb), more than the engine version, but accelerates slightly faster. Range is between 200 and 300 km, depending on driving style. Artega says that the price will be 150,000 euro (approx. US$ 212,500).
As of September 30, 2012, Artega ceased production of the GT.

</doc>
<doc id="21582039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582039" title="Trzęsacz">
Trzęsacz

Trzęsacz may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="21582045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582045" title="Commission on Veterans' Pensions">
Commission on Veterans' Pensions

The U.S. President’s Commission on Veterans’ Pensions, commonly known as the Bradley Commission after its chairman General Omar N. Bradley was established by Executive Order 10588 on January 14, 1955, and concluded its business after submitting its final report to President Dwight D. Eisenhower in April 1956. Most of the work of the Commission was done by its staff under the direction of the Executive Director, Major General Ernest M. Brannon, and the Technical Adviser, Michael March.
The Commission was charged with studying different types of benefits which had been granted to veterans. These included financial benefits such as pensions; educational benefits such as vocational rehabilitation and student aid; and employment benefits such as job security, insurance and reemployment rights. The Commission did not study hospital treatment or other medical benefits.
In the course of its work, the staff collected extensive information from various government agencies which dealt with veterans. Of particular importance was the U.S. Veterans Administration. Other agencies which assisted the Commission included the Labor and Defense Departments, the Social Security Administration, and the Railroad Retirement Board. The staff also made surveys of randomly selected veterans in order to develop statistical analyses of the use and effectiveness of various benefit programs.
The studies compiled by the staff pertained to all major areas of non-medical veterans benefits and included studies of the historical background of benefits, how benefits were administered, eligibility requirements, distinctions between service-connected and non-service-connected benefits, and benefits granted to survivors of veterans. The staff even studied benefits granted by the Canadian government in order to compare them with U.S. benefits. These studies were submitted to Congress by the Commission and were published in 16 volumes by the House Committee on Veterans Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="21582047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582047" title="CSHQA">
CSHQA

CSHQA is a full-service design firm specializing in architecture, engineering and planning. Established in 1889, CSHQA is now one of the northwest's architectural and engineering firms, with projects nationwide.
History.
CSHQA began in 1889 as a one-man, one-room office when William S. Campbell, a Scotsman educated at the School of Architecture in Edinburgh moved to Boise to practice architecture.
As years passed and more architects joined the firm, the name changed to reflect the additional partners. In 1979 it was known as Cline Smull Hamill Quintieri Associates and in 1985 it was shortened to CSHQA.
Innovation and sustainable design.
CSHQA has been a leader in energy efficiency since the 1970s, receiving recognition for Boise’s Amity Elementary School, which appeared on a 1979 cover of Time for its forward-thinking design. This earth-covered school is situated above ground but covered by 2 ft of earth with lawn and shrubs growing on top. Solar panels and other energy-efficient elements were also included in the design.
In 1985, the firm received international acclaim for building the energy-efficient Liberty Elementary School in Boise introduced energy-saving concepts such as solar energy and controllable electronics that took advantage of daylighting. The revolutionary design also entailed berming the earth up to the window sills to conserve energy needed for heating and cooling the building.
CSHQA began membership in the U.S. Green Building Council in 2001. There have been 8 LEED certified projects and 13 LEED registered projects with certification levels from certified to platinum as of 2013. Notably, the Mulvaney Medical Office building, completed 2009, and the Ada County Civic Plaza tenant improvement project have both recently received LEED Gold.
CSHQA has designed 6 Whole Foods Markets which have been awarded Green Globes by the Green Building Initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="21582056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582056" title="John Adams (running back)">
John Adams (running back)

John Albert Adams (November 28, 1937– August 8, 1995) was a professional American football fullback in the National Football League. He played for five seasons for the Chicago Bears (1959–1962) and the Los Angeles Rams (1963). Adams was a 5th round selection (57th overall pick) of the Bears in the 1959 NFL Draft out of California State University, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="21582071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582071" title="Monique Wadsted">
Monique Wadsted

Monique Wadsted (born September 18, 1959) is a Swedish lawyer. She represented the Scientology movement in their copyright case against Zenon Panoussis and later Warner Bros., MGM, Columbia Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Mars Media, Blizzard Entertainment, Sierra Entertainment and Activision Publishing in The Pirate Bay trial.
She holds an LL.M. degree from Stockholm University.

</doc>
<doc id="21582076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582076" title="Bob Ferrell">
Bob Ferrell

Robert Steven Ferrell (born November 13, 1952 in Los Angeles, California) is a former professional American football running back who played for five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21582093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582093" title="Varga 2150 Kachina">
Varga 2150 Kachina

The Varga 2150 Kachina is an American all-metal low fixed-wing two-seat light aircraft fitted with a tricycle undercarriage.
Design.
In 1948, US aircraft test pilot/aircraft designer W.J. Morrisey produced a wood-and-fabric light aircraft, the 1000C (Nifty). In 1958 he reworked that basic design, giving it an all-metal structure and increased power. The aircraft is a cantilever low-wing monoplane with plain ailerons and two-position trailing-edge flaps, conventional empennage, fixed nosewheel landing gear, and tandem seating. Dual controls are provided as standard equipment.
Development.
In 1958 The Morrisey Aviation Inc. company began building the re-designed aircraft. Two units were completed as the Morrisey 2000. A further improvement came with the Morrisey 2150, incorporating a 108 hp Lycoming O-235 engine. The company built nine aircraft by the end of 1959.
The construction and design rights were then sold to Shinn Engineering Inc. which built 35 improved Shinn 2150A aircraft with a Lycoming O-320-A2C engine, before ceasing production in 1962.
The 2150A design rights were sold in 1967 to used aircraft parts supplier George Varga who formed the Varga Aircraft Corporation. The Varga 2150A Kachina was built at Chandler, Arizona between 1975 and 1982. 121 2150A Kachinas were completed together with 18 examples of the Varga 2180 with a 180 hp Lycoming O-360-A2D engine. A tailwheel option was available as the Varga 2150TG.
Bill Morrisey later re-acquired the design rights and then launched a kit version of the original Morrisey 2000C.
The Morrisey/Shinn/Varga 2150 remains in widespread use in the USA and several aircraft are flown in Europe and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="21582099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582099" title="Willis Blatchley">
Willis Blatchley

Willis Stanley Blatchley (6 October 1859, North Madison, Connecticut - 28 May 1940, Indianapolis, Indiana) was an American entomologist, malacologist and geologist. In his biological work, Willis Blatchley made contributions to the study of Coleoptera, Orthoptera, Hemiptera, and the freshwater molluscs of Indiana.
Though born in Connecticut, his parents moved to Indiana in 1860, the year after his birth. He attended high school in Bainbridge and enrolled at Indiana University in 1883, graduating with a B.A. in 1887 and an M.A. in 1891. There he worked under ichthyologist David Starr Jordan and geologist John Casper Branner. Blatchley received an honorary degree (LL.D.) from Indiana University in 1921. From 1887-1893 he taught at Terre Haute High School where he was Head of the Science Department from 1887-1893. From 1894-1910 he was State Geologist for Indiana. After being defeated for re-election in 1911, he retired from public office, but continued his natural history work as an amateur. Though much of his work focused on the fauna of Indiana, he traveled to Arkansas, Alaska, Florida, Canada, Mexico, and South America (1922–23).
Blatchley married Clara A. Fordice (or Fordyce?, 1854–1928), of Russellville, Indiana, on 2 May 1882. They had two sons, Raymond Silliman Blatchley (11 February 1883 - 27 September 1953, Los Angeles, California--biography) and Ralph F. Blatchley (1885–1955, Dunedin, Florida; photo from Dunedin, Florida).
Works.
Blatchley described several new taxa.

</doc>
<doc id="21582105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582105" title="Mike Haffner">
Mike Haffner

Michael Arthur Haffner is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the Denver Broncos (1968–1970) and Cincinnati Bengals (1971).
Broadcasting career.
After retirement, Haffner was a color commentator for the NFL on NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="21582121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582121" title="Gerd Zimmermann (footballer)">
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer)

Gerd Zimmermann (born 26 September 1949) is a retired German football player. He spent 9 seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach, SC Fortuna Köln and Fortuna Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="21582127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582127" title="Actaeon Sound">
Actaeon Sound

Actaeon Sound is a sound in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, branching off northeasterly from the north side of Drury Inlet near its head on the mainland of British Columbia to the north of the town of Port McNeill, on the opposite side of Queen Charlotte Strait.
On the south side of the sound is the Bond Peninsula at , which is formed by a sidewater, Bond Lagoon at , both presumably named in 1865 by Captain Pender, in association with other Admiralty and HMS "Actaeon"-related names.
On the southeast side of Actress Passage at , which is the waterway connecting Actaeon Sound into Drury Inlet is Charlotte Point at , which was first published on Admiralty maps in 1865 like other locations in the area. Dove Island sits in the middle of the opening, on the Drury Inlet side. Located at , all of it comprises Dove Island Indian Reserve No. 12, 8.1 ha., which is under the administration of the Gwawaenuk Tribe band government of the Kwakwaka'wakw group of peoples.
It is believed to have been named for the gunboat HMS "Dove", commanded by Lieut. Cdr James Bullock, which was deployed as tender to HMS "Actaeon" in the East Indies and Chinese waters in later years. On the north side of the lower reaches of Actaeon Sound, across from the Bond Peninsula, is Mount Bullock, at , noted by BC names, citing the Canadian Geographic Names Board, "Listed in "Burns Naval Biography", 1849".
Name origin.
"Name adopted in 1865 by Captain Pender as suggested by W. Blakeney, RN, paymaster aboard the "Beaver", after his former vessel, HM "Actaeon"; Blakeney had served aboard the 26-gun frigate "Actaeon" during the latter's commission in China..."

</doc>
<doc id="21582131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582131" title="Scott Miller (American football)">
Scott Miller (American football)

Scott Patrick Miller is a former professional American football player. He played wide receiver for six seasons for the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21582143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582143" title="Kostadin Markov">
Kostadin Markov

Kostadin Markov (; born 18 February 1979) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A PFG. Mainly a right back, he can also play as a midfielder and winger.

</doc>
<doc id="21582149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582149" title="São Sebastião do Umbuzeiro">
São Sebastião do Umbuzeiro

São Sebastião do Umbuzeiro is the southernmost town in the Brazilian state of Paraíba.

</doc>
<doc id="21582153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582153" title="Veszprém stabbing">
Veszprém stabbing

In the Veszprém stabbing of 8 February 2009, a group of Romani people stabbed three members of the MKB Veszprém handball team in a bar in Veszprém, Hungary, which caused the death of one of them, Marian Cozma.
Circumstances.
During the summer of 2008 the mafia clan of the "Raffael" and "Sztojka" Romani families based in the town of Enying, Hungary started to take power in the nightlife of the northern shore of Lake Balaton, a major tourist destination of Hungary. Siófok was a favorite place of the clan and frequently caused problem for the owners since they often made quarrels and did not pay their bills.
Not a long time before the case, two of the three suspected persons (including Iván Sztojka) were released from prison after the duration of their prison sentence was mitigated by one third because of "good behavior".
Witnesses from Enying have stated that the town is under the terror of the clan. Residents claim to know the clan's gathering point, a gas station. Locals allege that not long before the murder, the police stopped a truck loaded with supposedly stolen metal but the driver threatened the policeman while sticking a pistol in his mouth. (Metal theft by organized crime gangs is a serious problem in Hungary, having caused traffic delays and power and telephone outages.) However, police denies that the crime rate of Enying is above average. The Patrióta Lokál, the scene of the murder is a bar mostly serving as a club with a stable guest circle (including the handball team). In 2008, the bar won the town's "safe bar prize".
7 February 2009.
In the afternoon on Saturday, 7 February 2009, a criminal from Veszprém, who had just left the prison knocked down one of the members of the clan, who suffered severe injuries. The clan-member organized a group of family and friends from the villages of Enying and Dég (different sources cite 15, 20 or 30 people, including suspected "Iván Sztojka", "Sándor Raffael" and "Győző Németh") to take a vengeance and started to search for the person in Veszprém at night to "settle" the problem. They thought the person would stay that night at the bar called "Patrióta Lokál" (English: Patriot local) also known as "Skorpió bár" (English: Scorpion bar).
8 February 2009.
Cozma and other members of the KC Veszprém handball team (including Croat goalkeeper Ivan Pešić and Serb playmaker Žarko Šešum) arrived at the two-storey bar at around 12:30 a.m. to celebrate the birth of teammate Gergő Iváncsik's son and the birthday of teammate Nikola Eklemović. They stayed in the dance hall in the lower storey (basement). The upper storey serves as a cocktail bar. A group of 15 arrived at the bar between 1:30 and 2:00 a.m. They went down into the crowded dance hall and three of them - Raffael, Sztojka and Németh - immediately started to banter others. Many people - shocked by the appearance of the never-seen-before gang - left the place. As CCTV recordings shows, the gang of 3 picked on the sportsmen and attacked them without any reason. Subsequently, the music was shut down and people started to flee the place. The recordings of the camera over the stairway show Cozma running up to the exit pursued by his attackers. In front of the bar, Cozma was stabbed in the back, and he collapsed. Raffael then went up to him and stabbed him twice in the heart. When his teammates wanted to help Cozma, the other two attackers - Sztojka and Németh - stabbed Pešić in the kidney and kicked Šešum in the head. Police denied the rumors about the bartender girl being assaulted. 
The police who arrived at the scene resuscitated Cozma, and the three injured players were taken to a hospital. Cozma died in the hospital two hours later. Pešić had to have his kidney removed, and Šešum suffered severe craniocerebral trauma from the kick to the head.
The murder was caught on tape by nearby surveillance cameras, and records proved that the person who actually killed Cozma was Sándor Raffael. Three men were wanted in connection of the crime, Iván Sztojka, Győző Németh and Sándor Raffael.
Aftermath.
Footage showing Győző Németh, the second suspect in the murder case, handcuffed and being detained by the Austrian police became publicly available. The newspaper Magyar Hírlap published an editorial on the case. Ferenc Gyurcsány, the Hungarian prime minister criticized the newspaper, saying that the gravity of the criminal act is to be considered, not the ethnic origin of the suspects. After a nationwide manhunt which included setting up a special investigative unit and offering 2 million Hungarian Forints (approximately €7,000) for information on the suspect's whereabouts, Iván Sztojka gave himself up at the Veszprém Police station on the night of 12 February, at the pressures of the leader of his Romani community. He allegedly denied his participation in the crime, stating that he was only "at the wrong place at a wrong time".
Petre Cozma, Marian Cozma's father, consistently said that not all Roma should be considered guilty for his son's death. He stated, "Let's not burn a forest for a sapless stub". János Ladányi, a Hungarian sociologist, was of the opinion that the anti-gypsy attitude reached such an irrational level that even a civil war was possible. Attacks against Romani people in Hungary have been recorded after the incident, however, there is no evidence of racist motive in either case.
In 2011, two of the men who killed Cozma, Sandor Raffael and Gyozo Nemeth, got life sentences, while a third defendant, Ivan Sztojka, was sentenced to 20 years in prison. Raffael claimed to regret his actions, stating to the court: “The greatest sin a man can commit is take the life of another human being.”
Later, the sentences were shortened: Sandor Raffael and Gyozo Nemeth received 18-year prison sentences, while Ivan Sztojka was sentenced to 13 years in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="21582163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582163" title="Erwin Spinnler">
Erwin Spinnler

Erwin Spinnler (born April 11, 1947) is a retired German football player. He spent 6 seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach and Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21582168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582168" title="Phule's Company (series)">
Phule's Company (series)

Phule's Company is a series of comic military science fiction novels by Robert Asprin, beginning with "Phule's Company" and ending with "Phule's Errand".
The series takes place centuries in the future, where humans and other species have come together to form the Interplanetary Alliance, a federation government of numerous planets. The Alliance's military includes not only the Space Legion, but also the Regular Army and Starfleet. The Space Legion is considered the lowest on the totem pole, and the laughingstock of the armed forces. Space Legion protocol has all persons using a pseudonym chosen upon enlistment, and commissions are purchased. It is a violation of Legion rules to release "another" Legion member's real name, but not to reveal one's own. 
After being court-martialed for inadvertently ordering the strafing of a peace conference, Captain Jester is shipped off to command the Omega Company, a dumping ground for the Legion's foul-ups and misfits. Applying his well honed business sense to the running of the unit, he soon turns it around, winning the almost fanatical loyalty of his troops and turning the "Omega Mob", as it is affectionately nicknamed, into a crack unit. In each book, General Blitzkrieg contrives to send the unit on yet another 'impossible' assignment. They usually manage to come through unscathed. 
The names of many in the series are based on puns.
Main characters.
Willard Phule.
Willard J. Phule is the super-rich heir apparent of Phule-Proof Munitions, currently serving in the Space Legion. His Legion name is "Jester," and holds the rank of Captain, being addressed thus as "Captain Jester," and occasionally and inappropriately as "Captain Phule" or "Captain Clown." Originally having the Legion name was "Lieutenant Scaramouche", Phule was brought up on charges and to be court-martialed for ordering the strafing of a peace conference, owing, as he put it, to a “communications error.” 
However, since Phule-Proof is the Legion's arms and munitions supplier as well as the largest employer of their retirees, Headquarters see court-martialing the owner’s son as potentially disastrous. He is instead promoted to the rank of Captain and shipped off Haskin's Planet to command the Omega Company, a dumping ground for the Legion's foul-ups and misfits. It is envisioned that the posting to such an unruly, undesirable outfit may encourage him to resign his commission.
Phule is no fool, and recognizes this promotions true intent. However, he decides to accept the challenge. Instead of the potentially abysmal assignment it was meant to be he sets out using his business acumen and determination to turn around the unruly “Omega Mob” into a crack military unit, giving the Jester the last laugh.
Phule is a strong-willed individual, with a strong dislike for stereotyping, and not infrequently finds himself in conflict with other authority figures such as his father. Although of a wealthy background, he takes pride that his own fortune is largely self-made: although he started his business empire with a loan from his father, that loan was swiftly repaid. He is also very loyal to his people, going far above what officers would normally do for their soldiers and reacting aggressively to insults towards them. However, Phule can be over-industrious: he has been known to work himself to the point of exhaustion. He is not above using his enormous wealth to buy his way out of a situation, but typically does so as a last resort. He is also not above using his real name and status to bully or cajole others into doing what he wants. However, regardless of how he wins a personal confrontation, he is always supremely magnanimous in victory and can usually manage to win over the person he's in conflict with. His not inconsiderable talents include finance, group dynamics, military tactics and strategy, leadership, and public relations.
Beeker.
Phule's butler, confidante, and the narrator throughout the series. Though not technically a member of the unit, Beeker is highly respected by most of the company, and often provides the members with sage advice. While he has become quite wealthy in his years of service to Phule, he is still manifestly determined to continue his service to Phule out of companionship and friendship.
Top Sergeant Brandy.
The Company First Sergeant, Brandy is the stereotypical hard-bitten veteran. In "Phule's Paradise", Tusk-anini speculates that she is secretly in love with Captain Jester. She is one of three female members of Phule's Company who became centerfold models without his knowledge. Although a physical description is not given in the stories beyond the fact that she is a very big woman, but not fat, you get the impression that she is: very good looking, middle aged, over 6 feet tall, and thoroughly three-dimensional! She is also an old hand at brawling. In one scene she got in a scuffle with Tusk-anini, a alien (see below) and even after he knocked her down with the first punch, she put him in the hospital with a concussion. All in all, a great lady to have on your side when things get tough.
Lt Rembrandt.
The senior of Phule's two junior officers, Rembrandt is also an aspiring artist. Beeker notes that before meeting Phule she specialised in landscapes, but after he took over the company she expressed an interest in painting a nude portrait of him. Rembrant, or "Remmie", initially lacks confidence and is content to let the NCO's run the company. Phule's major concern with her is teaching her to develop the habit of command, to trust her judgement, and to learn to exercise her authority.
Lt Armstrong.
The son of a heroic, but dead, military officer, Armstrong is initially an uptight caricature of the proper military officer. A rant he makes while intoxicated reveals he resents living in the shadow of his father, who he feels he can never live up to because of the mans legendary status. Once Phule takes him under his wing, he begins to loosen up and learns to mix his military bearing along with compassion. At first, Armstrong is jealous of and contemptuous of Lt. Rembrandt, and takes any given opportunity to show her up. He soon learns to see her strengths, however, and the two form an excellent working relationship, helping each other out whenever they can.
Tusk-anini.
Tusk-anini or Tusk is a Volton, a race with warthog-like features. His species is large and imposing, but pacifistic by nature. He is paired with Super Gnat, and this pairing, like most of the other Omega Company partnerships, benefited him greatly. He doesn't like to fight but will if necessary, especially to protect his partner (often from her own temper). He is the most loyal Legionnaire to Phule. He is also quite intelligent, and since he only sleeps a few minutes a day, he spends his wealth of free time reading a daunting variety of human books to better learn the language and culture. He prides himself on not needing a translation device to communicate. Phule promotes him to corporal and makes him the company clerk. He plans to be a teacher after his enlistment is over.
Super Gnat.
The shortest Legionnaire in the unit, the diminutive Super-Gnat has the biggest temper. In the first book, she often exploded at the mere use of the word "short", even if it did not concern her. Her partnership with Tusk-anini calms her, and while she still maintains a fiery temper, she learns to control it once she finds that Tusk-anini is fighting people who make fun of to keep her from getting hurt. It is revealed that she was married to a martial arts instructor, and is a black belt in multiple disciplines. However, when she loses her temper, she usually is unable to call upon these skills. and thus loses most of her impulsive fights. Super-Gnat has taken fencing lessons from Phule and is one of three female members of Phule's Company who became centrefold models without his knowledge.
Sushi.
The product of a wealthy family, Sushi was acquainted with Phule socially before they separately joined the Space Legion. In Sushi's case this decision was made after he lost a fortune he had embezzled to gambling debts. Sushi eventually initiates a one-man takeover of the Yakuza, the Japanese mafia.
Do-Wop.
Do-Wop is something of a kleptomaniac, and Phule's reason for pairing him with Sushi was similar to the reasons he paired up other members of the unit; to balance each other out. In this case, he hoped that Do-Wop would teach Sushi to learn to have some fun and relax, and that Sushi could teach Do-Wop to aim a little higher than petty thievery. Unfortunately, it succeeded entirely too well- now, instead of a petty-grade kleptomaniac and a cold, calculating risktaker that usually held back, Do-Wop and Sushi are now Omega Company's greatest masters of larceny.
Rose/Mother.
A female Legionnaire, the only original member of Omega Company without a partner. She is terrified of others and is only capable of mumbling incoherently when addressed directly, except when the speaker is a woman. She is very skilled at being the communications director for the company; the lack of face to face contact is the defining factor. She is one of three female members of Phule' Company who became centerfold models without his knowledge - to his surprise, it was her idea.
Escrima.
Named after the Filipino form of martial arts, Sergeant Escrima is the company's mess sergeant. He is a talented chef; he dislikes insults towards his own food or food in general. He is a master in all forms of Philippine martial arts: hand to hand combat, knife fighting and especially arnis, Philippine stick fighting.
Chocolate Harry.
Also known as C.H. The company supply sergeant, who has a talent for black-marketeering. He is a former member of the Outlaws, a criminal hover-bike club and still maintains his personal bike. One of his trademarks is wearing sleeveless uniforms. He is partners with Louis, one of the Legion's two Sinthians, who rides in a side-car on Harry's bike, wielding a shotgun. Initially, C.H. doesn't think much of Phule and plans to take advantage of him, but soon learns that Phule is far too intelligent for this and can in fact teach him to play in the big leagues if he toes the line and operates within the parameters Phule gives him.
General Blitzkrieg.
A senior officer and one of the three Directors of the Space Legion, Blitzkrieg takes a personal dislike to Phule and would very much like to force him out of the Legion. His preferred method is to assign the toughest of assignments to the Omega Company... a strategy that has thus far failed to do anything more than cement the reputation of Phule's Company as an elite body of troops.
Colonel Battleaxe.
The officer who originally assigned Phule to the Omega Company, Battleaxe fully expected that the tough duty would lead to his resignation. She was surprised but pleased when he instead turned them around and has since become his staunchest defender in the Space Legion, to the point of breaking off her first vacation in years to cross the galaxy and assist him against one of Blitzkrieg's schemes.
Flight Leftenant Qual.
The company's Zenobian contact. Though not a member of the unit, he is nevertheless indebted to Phule, whom he met during the first book, with pulling him out of disrepute due to his mistaking a ceremonial vase for a waste receptacle at a prominent reception. This incident led to his placement on an exploration team which crash land upon the swamp planet, Haskins, whereupon their outfit was discovered and fired upon by Do-Wop of the Omega Company out of ignorance. His species resemble miniature allosaurs.
Rev.
When the captain requested a chaplain, General Blitzkrieg sent him the Reverend Jordan Ayres, of the Church of The King. He is somewhat pudgy with black, slicked back hair and an all too easily recognized face.

</doc>
<doc id="21582183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582183" title="Bob Holden (racing driver)">
Bob Holden (racing driver)

Robin John Holden (born 1 December 1932 in Notting Hill, Victoria) is an Australian racing driver. Holden raced small-engined touring cars throughout his career, racing Peugeots in the early 1960s, establishing a reputation for himself which saw him become a regular part of BMC Australias racing program for Minis which culminated with a victory in the 1966 Bathurst 500 co-driving with Rauno Aaltonen. Into the 1970s Holden moved on to race Ford Escorts in various guises, moving into Toyota Corollas in the 1980s, winning the 1.6 litre class at the Bathurst round of the 1987 World Touring Car Championship. In the mid-1990s Holden moved into BMW M3s and later a BMW 318i Super Touring car in which he raced his final Bathurst in 1998, at the time setting the record for most Bathurst appearances.
Holden has continued his involvement in racing through the historic racing scene, and has restored two of his Group C specification Ford Escorts to race in historic touring car racing, although one was recently badly damaged at Oran Park. Holden is also involved in charity work, helping disadvantaged youth acquire trade skills to help establish themselves in society.

</doc>
<doc id="21582201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582201" title="Werner Kaiser (footballer)">
Werner Kaiser (footballer)

Werner Kaiser (born 29 August 1949) is a retired German football player. He spent one season in the Fußball-Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21582221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582221" title="Manistique (horse)">
Manistique (horse)

Manistique (foaled 1995 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Manistique had eleven career wins, all of which came at racetracks in California.
Background.
Bred and raced by Marshall Naify's 505 Farms, she was an exceptionally large filly who stood close to seventeen hands. "Thoroughbred Times" reported that she was a "high-strung mare, whose excitability has been her undoing in three disappointing efforts out of state." 
Racing career.
Conditioned for racing by John Shirreffs, Manistique debuted in 1998, winning her first three races at Hollywood Park Racetrack by a combined thirty-one lengths. She then was shipped to Saratoga Race Course in the New York state where her volatility caused her problems and she ran third to Banshee Breeze in the Alabama Stakes. In 1999, she won six important stakes including the Grade I Vanity Invitational and Santa Margarita Invitational Handicaps. Her temperamental problems and dislike of travel would be evident when, after a brilliant campaign in California, she finished last in the Breeders' Cup Distaff at Gulfstream Park in Florida then returned to Hollywood Park where soon after she won her second straight Bayakoa Handicap by three lengths.
In February 2000, the then five-year-old Manistique earned her third Grade I victory in the Santa Maria Handicap while carrying a career-high 125 pounds. It was to be her last race as she later injured herself during a workout and was retired.
Broodmare.
Owner Marshall Naify died on April 19, 2000 and his estate sold Manistique to Aaron and Marie Jones who sent her to serve as a broodmare at Taylor Made Farm near Nicholasville, Kentucky. Manistique suffered an "Early Fetal Loss" of her first foal as a result of the Mare Reproductive Loss Syndrome (MRLS) that plagued horse breeding farms in central Kentucky in 2001. She produced her first live foal in 2003 by Forestry. She has since foaled two by Storm Cat in 2004 and 2005. The latter, named Old Ninety Eight, is currently (2009) racing for Team Valor.

</doc>
<doc id="21582226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582226" title="This Is Our Night">
This Is Our Night

"This Is Our Night" is a song by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, from the album Irthes. It was selected as Greece's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The song was released as a digital download along with the other candidate songs from the national final on February 25 and was soon released as a three track CD single and then included on the re-release of Rouvas' 2008 album "Irthes" which was renamed "This Is Our Night".
Background.
Production history.
The song was produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos as one of the three candidates that Rouvas would sing for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The lyrics were written by two Greek Australian songwriters: Craig Porteils, who had previously written and produced hits for Cher, Billy Idol, Tevin Campbell, Richie Sambora, Guns N' Roses and Ozzy Osbourne, and Cameron Giles-Webb, who is the president of "Gusto Music". It is described as being a "powerful dance song".
Lyrical content.
Pertaining the song, Rouvas said:
National final.
The song was presented as the last performance of the press conference held on February 12, 2009 where the three songs were revealed. The song was performed by Rouvas at the Greek National Final where it placed first.
At the end of voting, "This Is Our Night" was revealed as the winner receiving over eighty percent of the votes. "Right on Time" and "Out of Control" placed second and third respectively.
Eurovision.
The song was performed in Moscow during the second semi-final on May 14, 2009 and was one of the ten performances which qualified for the grand final. In the final on May 16, "This Is Our Night" finished in seventh place with a total of 120 points, receiving maximum "12 points" from Albania, Bulgaria, and Cyprus. The song therefore carried on Greece's "Eurovision" success by finishing within the top-ten for the sixth consecutive year, thus making the country the second most successful entrant of the past decade, despite not having even participated in 2000. The event was watched by 86% of the Greek television audience.
The performance had extremely complex choreography, with "BBC News" announcing that "Greece's Sakis Rouvas had one of the more ambitious dance routines". Rouvas performed on a rotating podium which transported him from left to right across the stage, was part of his group dance routine with four other performers and, in the end, was responsible for lifting him high into the air. In the same moment, a Greek flag is displayed on the floor, only visible to the television viewers. The final part of the performance was completed by silver fireworks in two separate parts. The official "Eurovision" website states that, this year, Greece had made "high-tech advancements" in the contest's standards.
Whilst Rouvas was disappointed with his seventh place finish, announcing to Greek media "I am so sorry, I wanted us to win", there was still unanimous support towards the artist himself in the country. "Seventh in Europe, first in our hearts" many journalists reported on Greek television. The media and public pronounced their support for Rouvas, the general consensus being that the artist gave it his best even though this did not translate in enough votes in the contest. All criticism in Greece focused on the selection of the song itself, rather than the artist's performance. Rouvas stated that, overall, it has all been a wonderful experience for him: "some win, some lose, personally, I gave everything I had. But it was a wonderful experience".
Some critics, including those from "LGR", suggested the reason why Greece failed to achieve a higher placing was due to a lack of an ethnic-sounding song. He notes the way in which all of Greece's top-three placings, including Rouvas' performance of "Shake It" in 2004, had an ethnic bouzouki sound, as did the 2009 Azerbaijani and Turkish entries which finished in third and fourth place respectively.
The Greek broadcaster ERT has confirmed that Greece will participate in the "Eurovision Song Contest 2010".
Music video.
The music video for the song was filmed over two days over a total duration of 24 hours, finally wrapping up on February 24, while it was also reported that it would take around three days afterward for the final processing to be completed. The video was directed by Katya Tsaryk, a young but well-known Ukrainian director who also created the video for the 2008 Ukrainian entry "Shady Lady" for popular singer Ani Lorak, being choreographed by Fokas Evangelinos. The shooting took place in Athens, at two main locations. The first was at the "STARZ" club where Rouvas is performing along with the Maggira Sisters for the winter season, set in front of a huge screen and many flashing lights, while the second is at the "King George" suite hotel, where the morning shooting took place. The rest of the video was shot around the city life of Athens, some shot solely by the cameramen while other filming was taking place, and other scenes featuring Rouvas. During the filming at "STARZ", the doors were opened at 23:00 where reporters were allowed to enter, while Evangelinos, and the song's composer, Dimitris Kontopoulos, as well as Rouvas' entire entourage and some ERT staff were also present.
"MAD TV" reported that the video features the strong beat of the song in combination with bright flashing lights in a dark setting that give an intense erotic sensation, also stating that the general concept of the video is of people in love surrounding Rouvas who wanders the city to showcase its most impressive sights. ERT stated that their production gave their best for the creation of the video, which features impressive Athenian scenery, beautiful landscapes, a lot of color, and scenes of people having fun and performing energetic choreography and the use of elaborate lighting that underpin the video clip along with a strong combination of Athenian culture. The director, Tsaryk, expressed how impressed she was with Rouvas' professionalism and capabilities.
Upon wrapping up filming, ERT released two backstage videos, and also stated that it would soon be released all over Europe as part of the promotion, while "MAD TV" also released a special photo report. On March 10, ERT released a special preview, while the video officially premiered exclusively on March 12 on the official Eurovision/ert.gr site as well as on television on ERT-NET and ERT World for international audiences.
Reception.
The song received mostly positive reviews from critics and the commercial audience, being the favorite of all three songs to win the selection.

</doc>
<doc id="21582242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582242" title="PSL Referee of the Season">
PSL Referee of the Season

The PSL Referee of the Season in South African football is awarded to the most outstanding referee of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21582244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582244" title="Verneukpan">
Verneukpan

Verneukpan is a widespread dry salt pan south of Kenhardt, between Swartkop and Diemansput in the Northern Cape, South Africa. "Verneuk" is Afrikaans for to trick, mislead, screw or swindle. The pan is ideal for aerotowing operations as you can launch and land in any direction you choose. During the seasons many birds flock to the pans, when they contain water. The surface is completely flat, claimed to be estimated long and wide.
In 1929 the pan was used by Sir Malcolm Campbell, attempting to raise the land speed record in his Napier-Campbell Blue Bird. Unfortunately he failed to break the record. He had vanquished the speed record he had come to South Africa for, but it was 6 weeks too late.
This is also the place where Johan Jacobs died painfully on 27 June 2006. Andy Green also visited the pan during 2008, as Green need to check every possible surface to rank them all for use by Bloodhound SSC.
Location.
This region contains very little vegetation, primarily very low shrubs and yellow grass among a rocky desert kind of landscape. During the seasons many birds flock to the pans, when they contain water, after some rainfall. Temperature above 40 °C is not uncommon.
The surface is completely flat, claimed to be a dried-up lake estimated long and wide. A large section of the pan's surface is moderately covered with grass and rocks. It can be reached by driving about south from Kenhardt on the way to Cape Town.
Landspeed records.
Malcolm Campbell.
In 1929 the pan was used by Sir Malcolm Campbell, attempting to raise the land speed record in his Napier-Campbell Blue Bird. The trip to the Bushmanland was not an easy one for Campbell. First he lost his briefcase with important papers in it. Secondly he survived when his aeroplane crashed in a tree near Calvinia. A threatening assignment was facing the people preparing the track. Willem Louw was in charge sweeping the pan. Puffadders and scorpions were very common in the area and the temperature could rise to 42C in the shade during the summer. Campbell and his crew underestimated the Verneukpan's tricks.
The track, starting from a hill on the outskirts and striking into the heart of the pan was supposed to be long. It was spread out directly west-east and looked straight into the rising sun. The dust devils were a major hazard for Campbell. Mirages created phantom trees and ghostly men on stilts. Extremely sharp stones was spread all over the pans surface. When these stones were removed, holes were left. The day of the "Flash in the Pan" was postponed time after time. A tortoise on the track, was named "Blue Bird II".
During the setbacks, the targeted record of was pushed to . Campbell wanted to reach , but his mean speed for the measured mile was . He failed to break the record when the coarse surface damaged his tyres. He had vanquished the speed record he had come to South Africa for, but it was 6 weeks too late. With only one set of tyres left, he took on the record, reaching .
The Bluebird started her last run on 25 January 1929, at 05:00, under the moon and the early light. She flashed like a silver bullet along the white line that stretched beyond sight. He set two records that day. The first for the , reaching . Secondly for the , reaching . He promised to come back in his "Springbok". He eventually never did. In a new Bluebird designed by Reid Railton, Campbell broke the land speed record four more times at Daytona. In 1935 Campbell did exceed reaching at Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah, becoming the first man to exceed on land. The track that he compacted on the pan is still visible today.
Vic Proctor.
During 1952 Vic Proctor tried to set the world motorcycle record on his Vincent Black Lightning, but eventually crashed at around . Later that year he set the "Flying Mile" record, but not at Verneukpan.
Bloodhound SSC.
Andy Green also visited the pan during 2008, as he needed to check every possible surface to rank them all for use by Bloodhound SSC. The pan is well known for its a high-quality alkali playa surface, which would be perfect for Bloodhound. Unfortunately it is also covered a huge numbers of stones. While the pan meets all the other requirements for a land speed record track, removing the stones over the huge area needed would require a vast amount of work.
Accidents.
This is also the place where Johan Jacobs – South African land speed record holder and former fighter pilot – died painfully on 27 June 2006. His jet car, Edge, went out of control and flipped while travelling at approximately . This happened during a practice run for an attempt to break the 24-second world record for the standing mile over .
Activities.
The pan is undoubtedly the ultimate kiting destination in South Africa. The widespread open spaces offer ideal opportunities for parasailing. The pan is also used by kite-surfers, an extreme sport using wind buggies. These are bicycle-like vehicles with a sail attached to them. With wind buggies speeds of up to can be reached. There are also many viewpoints that are ideal for birdwatching.

</doc>
<doc id="21582247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582247" title="Wapsipinicon Almanac">
Wapsipinicon Almanac

The Wapsipinicon Almanac is an almanac published by Route 3 Press from 1988 to present day. It is published in Anamosa, Iowa. It is handmade on letterpress equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="21582252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582252" title="U.D. Santana">
U.D. Santana

União Desportiva de Santana, known as Santana, is a Portuguese football club from Santana, Madeira. Founded in 1981, it currently plays in the Portuguese Second Division Serie B, holding home games at "Manuel Marques da Trindade", with a capacity of 3,000 seats.
Santana was first promoted to the third category of Portuguese football in 2007–08. Santana were relegated back to the Portuguese Third Division after gaining only 3 points in the 2009/10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21582255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582255" title="The Flight of the Wild Gander">
The Flight of the Wild Gander

In The Flight of the Wild Gander, mythologist Joseph Campbell (1904–1987) collected a number of his most thought-provoking early essays and forwards into a single volume. Essays include "Bios and Mythos" (on the psycho-biological sources of mythic forms and symbols), "Mythogenesis" (on the rise and fall of a single Native American legend) and "The Symbol without Meaning" (about the secularization of myths in the modern age). 
The "wild gander" of the title is a reference to the Hindu concept of the paramahamsa, a great spiritual teacher of exalted illumination, able to transcend the mundane, just as the "hamsa" is able to fly above the sky-scraping Himalayas. 
Published originally in 1969 by Viking Press, the book was rereleased by Harper and Row in 1990. The third edition was published by New World Library in 2002, making "The Flight of the Wild Gander" the third title in the Joseph Campbell Foundation's Collected Works of Joseph Campbell series.

</doc>
<doc id="21582259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582259" title="Peter Kracke">
Peter Kracke

Peter Kracke (1 June 1943 – 1 January 1998) was a German football player. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21582279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582279" title="Transnational capitalist class">
Transnational capitalist class

The transnational capitalist class (TCC or TNC), also known as the transnational capitalist network (TCN), in neo-Gramscian and other Marxian-influenced analyses of international political economy and globalization, is the global social stratum that controls supranational instruments of the global economy such as transnational corporations and political organs such as the World Trade Organization. In other words, it is "that segment of the world bourgeoisie that represents transnational capital". It is characteristically cosmopolitan and unconstrained by national boundaries.
The transnational capitalist class is expressed as a global ruling class and essential players of global capitalism by Robinson, W. I. and Jerry Harris.
In the transnational capitalist class, according to Professor Leslie Sklair, there are four fractions which are, "corporate", "state", "technical" and "consumerist". The four fractions stated by Professor Leslie Sklair, bring together transantional corporations (TNC), globalizing bureaucrats, globalizing professionals, and merchants as well as the media as members of the TCC. Also according to the 'Sociology of the Global System', the World Economic Forum(WEF) shows the existence of the TCC as the "corporate" fraction and the "state" fraction gather in Davos, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="21582280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582280" title="Roo'ra">
Roo'ra

Roo'ra is Korean hip hop and dance group from 1994–2001. Its name is abbreviation of "Roots of Reggae".
Many of the groups albums were the top selling of their time in Korea, with their debut album selling over 280000 copies. As well they also hold the title for first setting the record of one million album sold in the dance and hip-hop genre in Korea. The group also caused significant controversy in 1996 through the discovery of their unattributed sampling of a Japanese track ("Omatsuri Ninja", お祭り忍者 by Ninja) directly in their own song "Cheon sang yu ae" (天上有愛 "천상유애"). This incident raised a heated debate '...about the nature of "Korean-ness" in popular music' and pushed this pointy but long dormant issue to the forefront in the mid-1990s. The group nearly split in 1996 due to the controversy and then finally in 2001 after the release of their final album In 2008, the group was reunited with Lee Sang Min, Go Young Wook, Kim Ji Hyun, and Chae Ri Na to work on an upcoming album. In the middle of the project, Shin Jung Hwan and Go Young Wook formed a temporary duo group, "Roo'ra Man" and released a single, "The Reason Why I Hate Winter." in December 2008. The single was produced by Lee Sang Min. Roo'ra's new album is expected to be released in July 2009 with "Going Going" as the first single.
The group was also an important stepping stone for many Korean pop stars and song writers.
The original members of the group were Lee Sang-min, Go Young-ok, Kim Ji-hyun, and Shin Jung-hwan. In 1995 Jung-hwan left to fulfill his military service requirement, and was replaced by Chae Ri-na. Jung-whan appeared with the group on a couple of occasions in 1995, and again in 1997, though was not billed as a member, nor did he appear on their albums after 1994. In 1996 Kim Ji-hyun left to pursue a solo career, and was replaced by Michael Romeo. The group disbanded in 1997; then re-formed in 1999, with Ji-hyun returning to join Sang-min, Young-ok, and Ri-na in the configuration that remained through the group's final dissolution in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21582282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582282" title="Climate Change Accountability Act (Bill C-224)">
Climate Change Accountability Act (Bill C-224)

The Climate Change Accountability Act is a Private Member's Bill that has been submitted in the 39th, 40th and 41st Canadian Parliament. It was originally tabled in October 2006 in the Canadian House of Commons as Bill C-377 of the 39th Parliament by Jack Layton, then the leader of the New Democratic Party of Canada (NDP). It passed third reading by a vote of 148 to 116 with the support of caucuses of the Liberal Party of Canada, the Bloc Québécois and the NDP (the Conservative Party of Canada, led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, voted against it). However, Bill C-377 died as it was still before the Senate when Parliament was dissolved for the 2008 Canadian federal election.
On February 10, 2009 Bruce Hyer, then the New Democrat Deputy Environment Critic and MP for Thunder Bay-Superior North, seconded by Layton, reintroduced it in the 40th Parliament as Bill C-311. It passed 2nd Reading on April 1, 2009 by a vote of 141 to 128, and was sent to the Standing Committee on the Environment and Sustainable Development. On October 21, 2009, the House voted 169 to 93 to allow the Committee more time to study the Bill, as the sixty sitting days permitted for its consideration under Standing Order 97.1(1) of the House of Commons had expired. Passage of the "Climate Change Accountability Act" was therefore effectively delayed until 2010, meaning it would not influence the government in negotiations at the UN COP15 global climate change treaty negotiations held in December 2009 in Copenhagen. On December 10, 2009, the committee report on Bill C-311 was presented to the House, without amendment to the Bill.
The December 30, 2009 prorogation of the House did not affect the Bill, as Private Member's Bills are reinstated at the stage last completed, and Bill C-311 had not been considered at Report Stage at prorogation. When Parliament resumed, C-311 was concurred in at Report Stage on April 14, 2010 by vote 155 to 137.
The bill was passed by the House of Commons at 3rd Reading on May 5, 2010 with 149 votes for and 136 votes against. It received 1st Reading in the Senate on May 6, 2010 before being defeated at 2nd Reading on November 16, 2010 by a vote of 43 to 32. 
The bill was re-introduced as Bill C-224 on June 15, 2011 by current NDP Environment Critic and MP for Halifax, Megan Leslie. The bill was seconded by Deputy Environment Critic Laurin Liu.
Provisions.
The Bill requires that the Canadian federal government set regulations to attain a medium-term target to bring greenhouse gas emissions 25% below 1990 levels by 2020, and a long-term target to bring emissions 80% below 1990 levels by 2050. According to the summary, the purpose of this bill is: 
"to ensure that Canada meets its global climate change obligations under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change by committing to a long-term target to reduce Canadian greenhouse gas emissions to a level that is 80% below the 1990 level by the year 2050, and by establishing interim targets for the period 2015 to 2045. It creates an obligation on the Commissioner of the Environment and Sustainable Development to review proposed measures to meet the targets and submit a report to Parliament.
It also sets out the duties of the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy."
The "Climate Change Accountability Act" is based on the Case for Deep Reductions report by the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy and on guidelines set by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. These are the same emissions targets adopted by the European Union and announced as objectives of U.S. President Obama's New Energy For America strategy. The Bill is noteworthy in that it was the first legislation in the world to pass a democratically-elected parliament which mandated hard emissions reductions for the post-Kyoto Protocol period (after 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="21582293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582293" title="Garmisch Classic">
Garmisch Classic

Garmisch Classic is an alpine ski resort in southern Germany, in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria. In the Bavarian Alps, its maximum elevation is above sea level at Osterfelderkopf, with a vertical drop of . Other peaks are Kreuzjoch at and Kreuzeck at .
The area hosted the World Championships in 2011 and 1978, and alpine skiing debuted at the Winter Olympics here in 1936. Run only as a combined event in 1936, the downhill portion was run at Garmisch Classic and the slalom was run at Gudiberg, adjacent to the ski jumps (Große Olympiaschanze). Garmisch Classic is known for the classic Kandahar slope, descending from Kreuzjoch, where the speed events are held for the World Cup and World Championships.
Skiing is also available above Garmisch Classic on the "Zugspitzplatt", a glacial plateau below the summit of the Zugspitze, the highest point in Germany at . The lift-served summit for skiing is , descending to .

</doc>
<doc id="21582315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582315" title="Ann C. Whitman">
Ann C. Whitman

Ann C. Whitman (June 11, 1908- October 15, 1991) was a native of Perry, Ohio. She briefly attended Antioch College in Ohio and then moved to New York in 1929 to obtain work as a secretary. For many years she was the personal secretary to Mrs. David Levy, whose father was one of the founders of Sears, Roebuck and Company. In 1941 she married Edmund S. Whitman, an official of the United Fruit Company. 
In 1952, while working as a secretary in the New York office of the Crusade for Freedom, Mrs. Whitman was recruited by Dwight D. Eisenhower’s presidential campaign staff. She went to Eisenhower’s headquarters at Denver, Colorado where she became Eisenhower’s personal secretary. After Eisenhower was elected president, Mrs. Whitman accompanied him to Washington, D.C., and served as his personal secretary the entire eight years of his presidency. She helped manage Eisenhower’s correspondence and was responsible for maintaining Eisenhower’s personal files which he kept in his office at the White House.
When President Eisenhower left office in January 1961, Mrs. Whitman accompanied him to his farm (now the Eisenhower National Historic Site) in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and continued to work for a few months as his personal secretary. She later joined the staff of New York Governor and later Vice President Nelson Rockefeller, for whom she worked until she retired in 1977. A biography of Whitman, entitled "Confidential Secretary", was written by journalist Robert Donovan in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21582338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582338" title="Peter Meyer (footballer)">
Peter Meyer (footballer)

Peter Meyer (born 18 February 1940 in Düsseldorf) is a retired German football player. He spent four seasons in the Bundesliga with Fortuna Düsseldorf and Borussia Mönchengladbach. He also represented Germany once, in a UEFA Euro 1968 qualifier against Albania.
Career.
Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Meyer started his career at Wersten 04 and TuRU Düsseldorf before joining Fortuna Düsseldorf in 1960. He played in the 1961–62 DFB-Pokal final with the club, losing 2–1 to 1. FC Nuremberg. In 1966, he helped Fortuna reach the Bundesliga for the first time, scoring twice in a 5–1 victory against Kickers Offenbach in the "Aufstiegsrunde", securing the club's promotion on goal average. He appeared 25 times and scored eight goals during the following season in the Bundesliga, but could not prevent Fortuna from being relegated at the end of the campaign. Meyer was not offered a new contract following Fortuna's relegation, and was free to look for a new club. With a total of 119 goals in 174 league games between 1960 and 1967, he is the club's record goalscorer.
Borussia Mönchengladbach.
After initially agreeing terms with MSV Duisburg, Meyer opted to signed for Borussia Mönchengladbach after being persuaded to join the club by Günter Netzer, who showed up at the car workshop that Meyer worked at. He debuted on 19 August 1967 against Schalke 04, scoring a hat trick in a 4–3 away win, and went on to score 19 goals for the club in the first half of the 1967–68 Bundesliga season. He was subsequently selected by Helmut Schön to play for West Germany in their decisive Euro 1968 qualification match against Albania in Tirana. West Germany failed to qualify after drawing the match 0–0, and the game became known as the "Disgrace of Tirana".
Injury and retirement.
In January 1968, during a training match played in Duisburg, Meyer broke his tibia and fibula following a collision with his own goalkeeper Volker Danner. Meyer never fully recovered from the injury, and required a second operation after returning to training too soon after the incident. He made a brief comeback in August 1969, starting in a league match against Bayern Munich, but was substituted at half-time, and never made another appearance in the Bundesliga. He left the club at the end of the 1969–70 season and dropped into amateur football, joining VfL Benrath in the Verbandsliga Niederrhein, followed by Viktoria 02 before deciding to retire.

</doc>
<doc id="21582351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582351" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 50 metre butterfly">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 50 metre butterfly

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 50 metres Butterfly event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582383" title="Greenway Sound">
Greenway Sound

Greenway Sound is a sound in the area of the Broughton Archipelago, which lies on the north side of Queen Charlotte Strait in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada. It is adjacent to Sutlej Channel, which lies on the north side of Broughton Island, the largest of the group, between it and the mainland. Greenway Point is on the south side of the sound.

</doc>
<doc id="21582385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582385" title="Peter Meyer">
Peter Meyer

Peter Meyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21582387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582387" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 200 metre butterfly">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 200 metre butterfly

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 200 metres Butterfly event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582395" title="Holy Cross Church (Aleppo)">
Holy Cross Church (Aleppo)

Church of the Holy Cross (Armenian:Սուրբ Խաչ ; Sourp khach, ) is an Armenian Catholic Church in the Ouroubeh quarter (near Aziziyeh) of Aleppo, Syria.
The consecration of the church took place on 24 April 1993. It is the work of the Aleppine-Armenian architect Sarkis Balmanougian.
As of April 2010, Father Nerses Zabbarian is the parish priest of Holy Cross church.

</doc>
<doc id="21582403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582403" title="Natalie Walter">
Natalie Walter

Natalie Walter (born 1979) is a British actress who is best known for her film, theatre and television roles. She was born in Woking, Surrey in 1979. Her father was David Walter, the former BBC and ITN journalist.
Education.
Walter studied at London's prestigious Drama Centre, where one of her classmates was the comedian and actor Russell Brand.
Film.
Walter's film credits include Woody Allen's 2010 romantic comedy "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger". Her other cinematic roles include The Wedding Video, "I Want Candy", "Lady Godiva" and "Remember Me".
Theatre.
Walter has enjoyed an extensive career in the theatre. She worked with the director Sam Mendes at the Donmar Warehouse in a production of Alan Bennett's "Habeas Corpus", was a member of the Peter Hall Company's production of "As You Like It" and featured in the National Theatre's revival of "Noises Off". In 2008 to early 2009 she spent a year as a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC), with leading roles as Helena in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and Maria in "Love's Labour's Lost". She recently appeared in the West End production of "39 Steps". Her most recent role was playing Heidi Schumann in Peter Nichols's play "Lingua Franca" which premiered in London in July 2010 before transferring to New York later in the year.
Television.
In the late 1990s, Walter had a leading role playing Caralyn in the popular ITV sitcom "Babes in the Wood". Other television appearances include in "The Thin Blue Line", which also starred Rowan Atkinson, and the BBC comedy sketch series "Harry Enfield and Chums". Her recent television work includes "Doctor Who", in which she played Alice Coltrane in the episode entitled "Turn Left", and a guest starring role as Emily in the 2010 Easter special of Jonathan Creek ("The Judas Tree") and a 2010 episode of Lynda La Plante's ITV drama serial "Above Suspicion". Walter appeared in the first episode of HBO's 2013 mockumentary-style comedy "Family Tree".
Radio.
Walter has appeared on a number of programmes on BBC Radio 4, including "House of the Spirit Levels", "Smelling of Roses", "No Commitments" and "All My Life". In 2010 she played multiple comic characters in "The Lucy Montgomery Show" which was written by and starred Lucy Montgomery.
Personal life.
Walter had a relationship with the actor David Tennant, the Tenth Doctor in "Doctor Who". Walter has also acted in the programme. She lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21582434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582434" title="The Cathode Ray">
The Cathode Ray

The Cathode Ray are a post-punk band based in Edinburgh, Scotland. The current line-up is Jeremy Thoms (lead vocals/guitar), Steve Fraser (guitar/backing vocals), Neil Baldwin (bass), and David Mack (drums & percussion).
History.
Originally based on a loose concept of forging late 70’s New York, with late 70’s Manchester, The Cathode Ray started life in 2006, initially as a song-writing collaboration between singer/songwriter/multi-instrumentalist, Jeremy Thoms and former Josef K frontman, Paul Haig. However, the songs written were swift to adopt their own unique stamp and personality.
Adding 60’s garage, soundtracks, rock, disco and psyche to the palette, recording sessions ensued, with ex-Bluebells and TV21 bassist Neil Baldwin plus drummer/percussionist David Mack completing the line-up.
The group released a one off double 'A' sided single entitled "What’s It All About Mind?" in late 2006 on Pronoia Records. It received extensive radio play, and was hailed Single Of The Year by Radio Clyde DJ and Sunday Mail columnist Billy Sloan in his round up of 2006.
A second one-off single, "Slipping Away", was released to great critical acclaim in April 2009, this time on Re-Action Recordings. The esteemed journalist Paul Lester proclaimed it single of the year (so far) in an enthusiastic piece in The Guardian. A revised version (with Thoms on lead vocals) appears on the debut album.
Following the release of that single, Paul Haig quit the project to continue with his rejuvenated solo career. With Thoms assuming all lead vocal and song-writing duties, former Scars/Mike Scott accomplice Steve Fraser joined on lead guitar and backing vocals in 2009.
Writing and recording sessions for the album continued with the new line-up throughout 2010 – 2011 at Goldstar Studios, the band’s recording and rehearsal base in Fife.
2010 also saw the band making its live debut with well received shows in Edinburgh and Glasgow. They have since been building up a solid live reputation with more gigs in and around Scotland.
A third single, “Train”, was released to more acclaim and worldwide radio exposure in October 2011. The final mixes for the album were completed in January 2012.
In January 2012 The Cathode Ray announced the release of their long-awaited eponymous debut album on April 2, 2012 on Stereogram Recordings, available on both CD and download format through the usual outlets. A new download single, “Around”, preceded it on March 26, 2012.
A third single taken from the album called "Dispersal" was released on June 11, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21582436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582436" title="Glenn Barden">
Glenn Barden

Glenn Barden became known in the UK in 2000 for creating the controversial television endurance show Touch the Truck described by the Sunday Times as "the worst tv idea ever".
He started his television career at MTV Europe where he created and designed their primetime comedy and gossip show MTV Hot. The show's attitude and style was later used as the basis of Channel 4's Popworld.
In 1999 he was series producer of the BBC2 music series Acetate. 
In 2000 he produced and directed Hellraisers, a documentary on notable bad boys Oliver Reed, Keith Moon and Richard Harris. When broadcast on Channel 4 on a Saturday night it attracted over 2 million viewers.
In the same year he formed the independent production company Vashca. Their output includes Bravo series I Predict a Riot and Virgin One's Rageh Omaar's Crime Invasion as well as the documentary The Real Dirk Diggler about the seventies porn star John Holmes.
In 2010 he was the series producer of Celebrity Masterchef 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21582447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582447" title="Cachoeira dos Índios">
Cachoeira dos Índios

Cachoeira dos Índios is the westernmost town in the Brazilian state of Paraíba.

</doc>
<doc id="21582481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582481" title="Sutlej Channel">
Sutlej Channel

Sutlej Channel is a channel or strait on the north sides of Broughton Island and North Broughton Island, or the Broughton Archipelago of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada. The channel separates those islands from the adjacent mainland and includes Greenway Sound. It was named for HMS "Sutlej".

</doc>
<doc id="21582498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582498" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 100 metre breaststroke">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 100 metre breaststroke

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 100 metres Breaststroke event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582536" title="Gene Steere">
Gene Steere

Frederick Eugene "Gene" Steere (August 16, 1872 – March 13, 1942) was a Major League Baseball player. Steere played for Pittsburgh Pirates in the season. In 10 games, Steere had 8 hits in 39 at-bats. He attended Brown University.
Steere was born in South Scituate, Rhode Island and died in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21582543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582543" title="Korovino">
Korovino

Korovino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21582548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582548" title="United Methodist Church and Parsonage (Mount Kisco, New York)">
United Methodist Church and Parsonage (Mount Kisco, New York)

The United Methodist Church and Parsonage are a historic United Methodist church and its adjacent historic parsonage located on a 2-acre tract on the corner of East Main Street and Smith Avenue in Mount Kisco, Westchester County, New York. The New Castle Methodist Episcopal Church was designed by J. King in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture and built in 1868 by Edward Dauchey, while the parsonage, designed in the Victorian style of architecture, was built in 1871. Today the church is known as the United Methodist Church of Mt. Kisco. On November 4, 1982, both the church building and the parsonage were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a single filing.
Church.
Built in 1868 by Edward Dauchey, and designed by J. King in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture, the church building is located at 300 East Main Street. Its Carpenter Gothic features include a steep sloping roof, a board and batten front facade, many lancet windows, a lancet covered front entrance in a side belfry, all of which are typical of such churches. Unlike most of them, it also features a second smaller tower on the other front corner, steeples on each of the two towers, a total of 3 lancet covered entrances on its front facade: one in each tower and one in the center. Its slate roof is also unusual for such churches. Additions to the church building are the 1938 Halstead Memorial Hall on the rear and the 1958 one-story Education Building on one side. Although the additions are not Carpenter Gothic in style, they were designed to complement rather than detract from the original church's style. Exterior changes to the 1868 church include installing aluminum siding of the rear and sides and replacement in 1980 of the larger steeple with one of similar design but 10 feet shorter. Interior changes made to provide space for a pipe organ and a loft for the choir.
Parsonage.
Built in 1871 and located at 31 Smith Avenue next to the church, the parsonage is a 3-story irregularly-shaped Victorian-style house with some Carpenter Gothic features. The third floor consists of a mansard-like roofing system punctuated by side gables, each of which has a single window. In the 1960s many repairs were made to bring the house up to date.

</doc>
<doc id="21582549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582549" title="Chaim Pinto Synagogue">
Chaim Pinto Synagogue

The Chaim Pinto Synagogue, an historic site in Essaouira, Morocco, formerly known as Mogador, Morocco, was the home and synagogue of Rabbi Chaim Pinto. Although there is no longer a Jewish community in Essaouira, the building is an active synagogue, used when pilgrims or Jewish tour groups visit the city. The synagogue is on the second floor of a three-story, courtyard building inside the walls of the old city that also contained Rabbi Pinto's home and office. The building is of whitewashed plaster over masonry. The synagogue consists of a single large room. There are two women's sections, one across the courtyard and one on the third floor, both with windows looking into the synagogue. The synagogue room underwent a modern renovation, concealing the ceiling and column capitals, and painting the wood of the Torah Ark and Bimah light blue.

</doc>
<doc id="21582558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582558" title="Abnormally Attracted to Sin">
Abnormally Attracted to Sin

Abnormally Attracted to Sin is the tenth solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Tori Amos, released 19 May 2009, in standard and limited CD/DVD edition. The album debuted on Billboard 200 at no. 9, giving Amos her seventh Top 10 album in the US. Unlike Amos' previous releases since 2000, which drew upon various external sources such as feminism, religion and politics, the album is considered a mainly personal album.
The album's lead single is "Welcome to England". The song was a moderate hit on Triple A radio in the US. The release was supported by the Sinful Attraction Tour in the US, Europe and Australia.
Background.
Amos lifted "Abnormally Attracted to Sin"'s title from a line spoken by one of the main character in the 1955 film "Guys and Dolls".
The album itself was written and conceived in two stages: first during Amos' 2007 world tour, while promoting "American Doll Posse", followed by a creative spurt of writing and composing the following year, in July 2008, when Amos reconnected with her former music industry mentor Doug Morris while she was visiting California to promote her graphic-novel anthology, "Comic Book Tattoo".
During her stay in California that year, Amos revisited some of the old homes and haunts she had frequented as a twenty-something struggling artist in LA during the late '80s. She made a point of visiting the old church behind her old apartment. In past interviews, Amos has stated how songs such as "Crucify" and "Precious Things" were written while living behind this church, listening to endless sermons and worship-songs for hours at a time, alone, hurt and depressed following her failure as a musician (1988's "Y Kant Tori Read"), and her role as a victim and survivor of physical and sexual assault. It was a threshold moment for Amos, providing her a time of respite, solace and a bit of reflection regarding her life and past. Memories of this time and these places, coupled with some of her own reflections and conclusions as a wife, mother and maturing woman, led to a spontaneous creative spell for the new album. This provided a catalyst for "a second batch of songs", as Amos puts it, which would end up fleshing out the rest of the album.
Themes and content.
While Amos's four previous albums were highly influenced by conceptual frameworks and overarching narratives, "Abnormally Attracted to Sin" marks a return to a more personal album. The songs serve as loosely-veiled confessions, stark and, at times, exuberant disclosures through which Amos explores her own experiences, and how she has both defined and been defined by them throughout her life and career. Amos stated about the record: "it is not a concept album. It is a red-headed woman singing songs."
During an interview with Out Magazine, Amos used the song "Maybe California", a track from the album in which a mother ruminates on leaving her husband and child(ren) "better off" as she contemplates suicide, to explain just how personal writing and composing both the song and the record as a whole were for her: "I wouldn’t have written this record if I hadn’t been pushed — for all kinds of reasons. I don’t want to go into all of it but “Maybe California” doesn’t come from nowhere. You’re not able to write that by having a drink with somebody who’s had the experience and you haven’t. You have to be pushed to that place." She speaks of the mother figure in the song: "there's nothing that she can give to stop this terrible emotional cancer that has taken over her family - her life - everything around her." Adding credence to the notion that the song is deeply autobiographical, Amos chose to highlight the despair older, more mature women, such as herself, face: "I began to realize how serious this quiet, tragic problem was and that it's not okay to talk about it, whereas teen suicide - it gets discussed and it's almost something where there are for it. But mothers contemplating this - my God - they're just going to put you in a nuthouse."
On another album track, "Ophelia", Amos addresses her own moments of insecurity and self-loathing as a "mature woman". She observed: 
On the nature of her songwriting, Amos stated: "My songs might be confessional, but I don’t like giving away too many details. One of the reasons I’ve made ten albums and maintained my family life is that I respect my own privacy." She confessed, "At times, I have used made-up characters to keep the media at bay." During an interview, she commented: "I guess the girl that released "Little Earthquakes" was not a mother, and she was in her 20's, and there were a lot of things that she really did discover. She found her voice...and then nine records later, the woman who is putting out "Abnormally Attracted to Sin" knows what she did with her voice."
Track listing.
"Oscar's Theme" is available on the standard digital version of the album when purchased through iTunes, and on the standard physical album in Australia and the UK.
Art direction.
For the album's artwork and promotional images, Amos enlisted fashion photographer Karen Collins. "I love the way shoots women," Amos stated about the photographer's work. "It's not vulgar or demeaning, but I find it just sexy. They look empowered to me, and I like her style." The setting for the album's artwork is a cream-colored hotel room, with various photos of Amos depicting different ideas of sensuality through images such as voyeurism and sadomasochism, both of which tie into the ideas of power explored throughout the album. Collins' images was used for the cover artwork on both single releases from the album.
Visualettes/The Road Chronicles.
16 video clips, one for each song, was released as "The Road Chronicles" on a bonus DVD for the deluxe edition of the album. From the very beginning, "Abnormally Attracted to Sin" was intended to be an audio-visual project including visuals linked to the music. Filming these so-called "visualettes" became a significant catalyst for the development of the music of the album itself.
Christian Lamb, who has worked with artists such as Madonna, Incubus, and Ozzy Osbourne, was initially hired by Amos to shoot footage of her 2007 American Doll Posse World Tour for an intended concert DVD release. However, after disagreements with her label over creative issues and financing the release, Amos left Epic records, and the concert DVD was never released.
As a result of this sudden bit of inspiration when working on her next album, Amos requested that Lamb shoot additional footage for this project instead, forming the idea for a complementary "road chronicle" that would accompany "Abnormally Attracted to Sin". Amos also stated that viewing the 2007 footage directly inspired her to write some of the songs. That the original footage dates back to the previous album period can observed in the video clips as Amos' fashion, styling and appearance is the same as the artwork and promotion during the release and tour supporting "American Doll Posse". The footage was shot in HD and Super 8. Seemingly inspired more by fashion, scenery and art, rather than by silent films or typical music videos, "The Road Chronicles" is composed of 16 vignettes in which Amos can be seen in dream-sequences infused with myriad metaphors, symbols, images, locations and haute couture fashion-pieces, meant to evoke and open up the themes and experiences tackled on each of the corresponding album songs. Commenting on not pursuing a more traditional form of music videos, Amos stated: "I began to really think about the idea of a story being told through the visuals and yet the song itself giving us all the information – that’s our dialogue. I didn’t want any lip-syncing." About the look of the "visualettes", Amos has said: "We wanted to do pretty much 8mm and more of a late ‘60’s, indie kind of feeling and that began the visualette world."
The visuals are described by Lamb as an "an intimate portrait of Tori travelling through arresting cityscapes such as London, New Orleans, LA and San Francisco". While the production value of the footage is notably low-budget, and do not pass themselves off as contemporary music videos, the style and consistency of the clips was complimented as a nice addition and deciphering of Amos' typically convoluted and high concept lyrics. As one commentor observed: "They work because they are a jumping off point to understanding the songs better and allow us to see how Tori works creatively, something the audience is rarely allowed to glimpse."
The tracklist for the "The Road Chronicles" visualette DVD is very different from the LP release. Amos stated: "I think the visualettes connect songs as well. The order is different though, which was very intentional. The order of the visual side of things is different than if you're just putting the sonic thing on headphones and taking a walk. I felt like you had to experience it very, very differently."
Production and release history.
Amos finished writing and composing "Abnormally Attracted to Sin" during the spring and summer of 2008. Recording commenced with Amos accompanied by long-time collaborators Matt Chamberlain, Jon Evans, Mark Hawley/"Mac Aladdin" (Amos's husband), and John Philip Shenale, at Amos's husband's studio, "Martian Studios", in Cornwall, with final mixing and mastering extending into the initial months of 2009.
Musically, the album production features a dark and intricately "detailed sonic landscape", as Amos put it. Of the trip-hop and electronic influences on the album, the artist stated: "I want to make audio mescaline", referring to the hallucinogenic, LSD-like drug. PopMatters reflected that the album's sound "is like the electronic experiments of From the Choirgirl Hotel crossed with film noir". On developing the sound of one of the songs and of the album in general, Amos declared, "It became much more of a technology experiment the piano being there but in this strange world."
"I think that that there are a lot of different styles on the record," continued Amos in another interview. "I’ve been composing now for over 40 years, and each song in a way takes you to this different place. Maybe some of them are dark, rich caves. Hopefully there’s a nice piano player sitting there taking your request in the cave."
"Abnormally Attracted to Sin" was recorded in Amos' home studio, Martian Engineering Studios in Cornwall, with longtime collaborators Matt Chamberlain on drums, Jon Evans on bass, Mac Aladdin on guitar, and John Philip Shenale arranging the strings. Amos served as record producer. The album is the first for Amos with Universal Republic, a "joint venture" that developed unexpectedly soon after her departure from her previous label.
Like all of Amos's post-Atlantic releases, "Abnormally Attracted to Sin" is offered in both standard and limited edition versions, the latter including a DVD containing "The Road Chronicles" visualettes for each album track, albeit in a different running order. The album was also issued as a vinyl LP album, the first for Amos since 1996's "Boys for Pele".
Release history:
Personnel.
Musicians:
Production:
Reception.
The album received modest to outright positive praise from critics, with most negative comments aimed at the album's extensive running time rather than its musical content, a criticism that has been laid on Amos for her previous albums since 2000 as well. According to Metacritic, it has an aggregate score of 62/100, based on 17 reviews, indicating "generally favourable reviews".
"10th studio release finds her in full command of her expanded arsenal, creating an overall sound that's as psychedelic as it is classic," wrote "Billboard", adding, "the sounds coupled with lyrical content [found on the album — metaphors rendered through literary heroines, religious imagery, exotic food, cities as characters, triple entendres — make for a singular tapestry that, as the artist matures, requires less and less prior knowledge of her catalog to enjoy." "Slant Magazine" gave the album a mixed, yet mostly positive, review, exclaiming unapologetically, "It's a genuine relief that album lacks the cumbersome structural conceit of "Scarlet's Walk" or the dissociative identity disorder of "American Doll Posse". Rather than suffocating her songs under a pretentious broad construct, here Amos allows them to stand on their own merits and, in turn, demonstrates the superior craft upon which she first made her name." "Slug Magazine" called it "one of 2009’s finest albums," while the "Los Angeles Times" praised the album's "canny balance between Victorian-inspired decadence, mythical pathos and arch camp." "Entertainment Weekly" magazine noted, "Sometimes her brains get a little too big for her Bible. But when she's banging on her piano over layers of lush electronics, she's got the rapture part down."
Reviews in "Rolling Stone", "Mojo" and "Q" were less favorable, although, while criticizing it as a "long haul", the latter did admit that the album contained "some of the best Amos has written." "Spin" noted, "Amos writes no less penetratingly than she did on her first album about the way women navigate the intersection between sex and power," while PopMatters lauded the album for its experimental sound, calling it an "exploration of the journey from that dark, quiet beginning to that beautifully indulgent conclusion," praising the album's "twists and turns along the way." musicOMH added that the album "turns out to be a collection of tracks that simply doesn't work as a whole because it can't properly be listened to in one go. Pity, for somewhere in amongst it all Tori proves that she's still capable of producing a storming album."
The music website, Drowned in Sound, concluded, "Occasionally vague, sometimes incohesive and a little self-indulgent it may be, but ultimately "Abnormally Attracted to Sin" is an abnormally attractive piece of work, and another fine example of the shining talent that is Tori Amos."
Sales and chart performance.
"Abnormally Attracted to Sin" sold 41,000 copies during its first week of release in the US, and peaked at no. 9 on the Billboard 200. This was a weaker performance than her previous album "American Doll Posse", but still continuing Amos' album success in the Top 10. As of February 2010, according to WorldWideAlbums, the album had sold 221,000 copies globally.
Album charts.
Additionally, the album debuted at #2 on the following two genre-specific "Billboard" charts: the Top Modern Rock/Alternative Albums chart and the Top Rock Albums chart.
Singles chart.
"Welcome To England" served as the lead single from "Abnormally Attracted to Sin". The single was released for digital download on April 14, 2009, in the US, and on May 25, 2009 in the UK, a week after the release of the album. Like most of Amos's singles released this decade, "Welcome to England" was released only as a digital single. The single entered the "Billboard" Triple A chart in May 2009, and in June ascended into the chart's top 10, making it Amos's fifth single to reach the Triple A top 10.
"Maybe California" reached #1 in Portugal.
The album track "Flavor" was later re-worked as both an orchestral and an electronic remix for Amos' "Gold Dust" retrospective compilation, reaching the no. 1 spot on Billboard's Dance/Club Play Songs.

</doc>
<doc id="21582596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582596" title="Pietro Senex">
Pietro Senex

Pietro Senex (died 1134) was Cardinal-Bishop of Porto from 1102 until his death.
He was born probably in Rome. He appears for the first time as cardinal in March 1102, when he exercised the legatine duties in Benevento. From 1106 until 1109 he is attested as governor of Benevento. He belonged to the sixteen cardinals who confirmed the treaty of Ponte Mammolo between Pope Paschalis II and Emperor Henry V (April 1111). He participated in the Lateran council in the following year. He subscribed the papal bulls between March 8, 1114 and April 10, 1129. Papal vicar at Rome, 1117–20. He participated in the papal election, 1118, in which pope Gelasius II was elected. In March 1119 he presided over the ratification by the Roman clergy of the election of Pope Callixtus II, made in Cluny by few cardinals present at the deathbed of Gelasius II. He served as legate of Callixtus II in Venice and Outremer. During the papal election, 1124 he unsuccessfully opposed the illegal intervention of Roberto Frangipani, which resulted with the election of Pope Honorius II. He became dean of the College of Cardinals ca. 1126. In the papal election, 1130 he gave his vote to Pietro Pierleoni, who became antipope Anacletus II, and consecrated him to the episcopate on February 23, 1130. He subscribed the electoral decree of Anacletus on February 14, 1130, and the bulls issued by antipope on March 27 and April 24 of the same year. He died probably in 1134, at very advanced age, without making submission to the legitimate pope Innocent II.

</doc>
<doc id="21582615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582615" title="A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps">
A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps

Jim Jones & Skull Gang Present A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps is a Christmas-themed hip hop compilation album released on November 25, 2008 by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones and American hip hop group Skull Gang. The album features guest appearances artist from members of Dipset and ByrdGang, respectively.
Background & History.
Jim Jones and Juelz Santana's Skull Gang made an album based on "Christmas in the hood". Mike Epps is hosting the album and is featured on several skits. It spawned two singles "Intro" or better known as "Bad Santa Intro" and "Jingle Bellz". Both singles had videos (Bad Santa Intro, Jingle Bellz) which both premiered on 106 & Park the same day. The videos were directed by Jim Jones and Kevin Custer.
Since its release on November 25, the Bad Santa tribute album has failed to crack the top 200 of Nielsen's weekly SoundScan report. 
Deonta Cummings is filing a suit against Jim Jones and E1 Records (formerly Koch) alleging that his artist, Ivory Keys, was not given proper compensation or credit for his contribution to the album "Jim Jones & Skull Gang Present A Tribute To Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps".

</doc>
<doc id="21582623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582623" title="Gabellotto">
Gabellotto

In Sicily, a gabellotto was a person who rented farmland for short-term use. They were rural entrepreneurs who leased the lands from aristocrats more attracted to the comforts of the city. Many "gabellotti" were associated with, if not members of, the Mafia. Such alliances would allow them to protect themselves and their assets from bandits and cattle rustlers, as well as cut through much of the messy legalities left over from Sicily's transition from feudalism to capitalism in the early 19th century.
The word is derived from the Sicilian word "gabella", meaning a “tax or duty in the form of a required payment”. The "gabelotto" paid the landowner for the use of land, and rented out the use of the land to peasants or through a sub-lease to "sotto-gabellotto". In practice, the "gabellotto" acted as an overseer and was the real power on the estate. He hired guards ("campieri") to protect livestock, equipment and the property, and to control the peasants. The peasant would often be in debt to the "gabellotto" for the rent, tax and supplies and seeds for the planting season. The "gabellotto" eventually would overpower the landowner and by the mid-19th century would be the real power on the Sicilian countryside.
The "gabellotto"’s role extended well beyond the boundaries of the estate covering the security needs in areas out of control of the state in central and western Sicly with his guards. Over the course of the breakup of the feudal economy in the first half of the 19th century he established a power to intimidate society both upwards (the absentee landlords) and downwards (the peasants).

</doc>
<doc id="21582627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582627" title="List of masculine Latin nouns of the 1st declension">
List of masculine Latin nouns of the 1st declension

This is a list of masculine Latin nouns of the First Declension. Such nouns were a rather small percentage of the declension, and often were proper names. Most masculine common nouns of this group, though by no means all, carried a male association in ancient times. Other nouns in this declension were feminine; there were no neuters. The gender of (particularly) a common noun was and remains a grammatical phenomenon, technically independent of the actual sex of the thing described.
Ordinary nouns of the First Declension most often end in -a in the nominative, and -ae in the genitive. Many exceptions occur when the noun derives from Greek (e.g., nominative-genitive -e, -es or -ae; -es, -ae; and -as, -ae). Included for illustration are Attic Greek words for selected nouns.
A.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
B.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
C.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
D.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
E.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
F.
Common nouns
Proper nouns<br>
G.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
H.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
I.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
L.
Common Nouns
Proper Nouns
M.
Common Nouns
Proper Nouns
N.
Common Nouns
Proper Nouns
P.
Common Nouns
Proper Nouns
T.
Common Nouns
Proper Nouns
U.
Common nouns
Proper nouns
X.
Common nouns
Proper nouns

</doc>
<doc id="21582640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582640" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 50 metre breaststroke">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 50 metre breaststroke

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 50 metres Breaststroke event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582642" title="Holy Trinity Church, Aleppo">
Holy Trinity Church, Aleppo

Holy Trinity Church (Armenian: Ս. Երրորդութիւն ; Sourp Yerrortutyun also called Zvartnots, ) is an Armenian Catholic church in Meydan quarter of Aleppo, Syria. The consecration of the church took place in 1965, on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide and was restored in 1990. Its structure resembles the one of Zvartnots in Armenia. The architect of the church was Pascal Baboudjian. 
Next to the church there is the "Zvartnots" school also known in Arabic as "Madrasat Al-Farah", it belongs to the Armenian Catholic Prelacy of Aleppo, and it operates from kindergarten to grade 12. 

</doc>
<doc id="21582643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582643" title="Carillon Canal">
Carillon Canal

The Carillon Canal is a National Historic Site of Canada in Saint-André-d'Argenteuil, Quebec. It preserves the historic Carillon Canal that was first built in the 1830s to facilitate travel on the Ottawa River. It is a prominent heritage site and recreation area, visited annually by 20,000 pleasure boaters and 30,000 people who use its riverside park.
In addition to the original canal itself, other items of historical interest are:
History.
Together with the Grenville Canal and the Chute-à-Blondeau Canal, the Carillon Canal was built to navigate the Long Sault Rapids on the Ottawa River which stretched for from Carillon to Grenville. The impetus for these canals was the War of 1812. During this war, attacks along the Saint Lawrence River jeopardized the communication lines between Kingston and Montreal, the two main military positions of Upper and Lower Canada. The Ottawa River Canals and the Rideau Canal were thus designed as an alternative military supply route in the event of war with the Americans.
Work began first on the Grenville Canal in 1818. In 1819, Captain Henry Vernet of the Royal Corps of Engineering arrived from Britain to lead the construction of the project. Hundreds of Irish immigrants and French Canadians excavated the canal under the direction of a hundred British soldiers. In 1833, the Grenville Canal was completed with an original length of and the entire network on the Ottawa River, including the 11 locks, was not fully completed until about 1843.
The military requirements decided all aspects of the canal. The size of the locks were set to long, wide, and only deep at the thresholds. These dimensions, standards adopted for military use, were insufficient for any commercial use. Forestry had become the main economic activity in this region, and from 1867, local business people demanded that the government carry out improvements to the network because the original canal network had become outdated. In 1870, the Canals Commission recommended making the Ottawa River deeper between Lachine and Ottawa. Therefore, between 1873 and 1882, the Grenville and Carillon Canals were enlarged (the dam built upstream from the village of Carillon raised the level of the Ottawa River at Chute-à-Blondeau, making the need for a canal and lock there no longer necessary).
The canal was designated a National Historic Site in 1929.
Further changes were made from 1959 to 1963 with the construction of the Carillon hydroelectric dam and a modern high lock at Carillon. This work substantially and irreversibly changed the canal network. The dam raised the water level by over at Carillon and over at Grenville. The new water level flooded the rapids of Long-Sault, transforming them into calm water.

</doc>
<doc id="21582649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582649" title="Medical toxicology">
Medical toxicology

Medical toxicology, is a medical subspecialty focusing on the diagnosis, management and prevention of poisoning and other adverse health effects due to medications, occupational and environmental toxicants, and biological agents. Medical toxicologists are involved in the assessment and treatment of acute or chronic poisoning, adverse drug reactions (ADR), overdoses, envenomations, and substance abuse, and other chemical exposures.
Medical toxicology is officially recognized as a medical subspecialty by the American Board of Medical Specialties. Its practitioners are physicians, whose primary specialization is generally in emergency medicine, occupational medicine or pediatrics.
Medical toxicology is closely related to clinical toxicology with the latter discipline encompassing non-physicians as well (generally pharmacists or scientists).
Clinical Evaluation.
The types of patients evaluated by physicians who specialize in medical toxicology include:
Professional Services and Venues.
Emergency departments, intensive care units, and other in-patient units where they provide direct treatment and bedside consultation of acutely poisoned adults and children. Outpatient clinics, offices, and job sites where they evaluate the health impact from acute and chronic exposure to toxic substances in the workplace, home and general environment. Regional poison control centers and other public health entities.
Medical schools, universities, and clinical training sites where they teach, research, and provide advanced evidence based patient care. Industry and commerce where they contribute to pharmaceutical research and drug safety. Governmental agencies including Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Food and Drug Administration. Clinical and forensic laboratories where they analyze and interpret of diagnostic tests and forensic studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21582655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582655" title="Helmut Schmidt (footballer)">
Helmut Schmidt (footballer)

Helmut Schmidt (born June 9, 1949) is a retired German football player. He spent 4 seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Bayern Munich and Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21582661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582661" title="Keelay and Zaire">
Keelay and Zaire

Kyle "Keelay" Pierce (born December 5, 1980) and Tim "Zaire" Lewis (born March 1, 1980), better known as Keelay & Zaire, are hip hop producers from the San Francisco, California and Newport News, Virginia areas respectively.
Biography.
Keelay, originally from the city of Salt Lake City, Utah, now resides in San Francisco, California, and is in charge of the duo's West Coast production headquarters, The Torta Oven. Keelay is a talented producer who got his start in hip hop by working with the likes of Cali Agents, Fortilive, and Saafir, prominent emcees within the hip hop genre.
Zaire, originating from Dayton, Ohio, now resides in Newport News, Virginia, and supplies the other half of the production work from Sole Vibe Studios East, located in Newport News as well. On the east coast, Zaire maintains a constant flow of music by collaborating with local Virginian artists, most notably emcee/songwriter Khizman of Trophy Winner Records, a native of the city of Norfolk, VA, and Newport News' own singer/songwriter Jonathan Moore.
Keelay & Zaire released a free EP in January 2009 entitled 'Prelude To Drive EP' on Myx Music Label, featuring artists such as Supastition, Khizman and Tiffany Paige, and will release their debut LP 'Ridin' High' on February 24, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21582679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582679" title="Marginal product of labor">
Marginal product of labor

In economics, the marginal product of labor (MPL) is the change in output that results from employing an added unit of labor.
Definition.
The marginal product of a factor of production is generally defined as the change in output associated with a change in that factor, holding other inputs into production constant.
The marginal product of labor is then the change in output ("Y") per unit change in labor ("L"). In discrete terms the marginal product of labor is:
In continuous terms, the "MPL" is the first derivative of the production function:
Graphically, the "MPL" is the slope of the production function.
Examples.
There is a factory which produces toys. When there are no workers in the factory, no toys are produced. When there is one worker in the factory, six toys are produced per hour. When there are two workers in the factory, eleven toys are produced per hour. There is a marginal product of labor of five when there are two workers in the factory compared to one. When the marginal product of labor is increasing, this is called increasing marginal returns. However, as the number of workers increases, the marginal product of labor may not increase indefinitely. When not scaled properly, the marginal product of labor may go down when the number of employees goes up, creating a situation known as diminishing marginal returns. When the marginal product of labor becomes negative, it is known as negative marginal returns.
Marginal costs.
The marginal product of labor is directly related to costs of production. Costs are divided between fixed and variable costs. Fixed costs are costs that relate to the fixed input, capital, or "rK", where "r" is the rate of return and "K" is the quantity of capital. Variable costs are the costs of the variable input, labor, or "wL", where "w" is the wage rate and "L" is the amount of labor employed. Thus, VC = wL . MC is the change in total cost per unit change in output or ∆C/∆Q. In the short run, production can be varied only by changing the variable input. Thus only variable costs change as output increases ∆C = ∆VC = ∆Lw. Marginal costs is ∆Lw/∆Q. Now, ∆L/∆Q is the reciprocal of the marginal product of labor (∆Q/∆L). Therefore, marginal cost is simply the wage rate w divided by the marginal product of labor
Thus if the marginal product of labor is rising then marginal costs will be falling and if the marginal product of labor is falling marginal costs will be rising (assuming a constant wage rate).
Relation between MPL and APL.
The average product of labor is the total product of labor divided by the number of units of labor employed, or "Q/L". The average product of labor is a common measure of labor productivity. The APL curve is shaped like an inverted “u”. At low production levels the APL tends to increases as additional labor is added. The primary reason for the increase is specialization and division of labor. At the point the APL reaches its maximum value APL equals the MPL. Beyond this point the APL falls.
During the early stages of production MPL is greater than APL. When the MPL is above the APL the APL will increase. Eventually the "MPL" reaches it maximum value at the point of diminishing returns. Beyond this point MPL will decrease. However, at the point of diminishing returns the MPL is still above the APL and APL will continue to increase until MPL equals APL. When MPL is below APL, APL will decrease.
Graphically, the "APL" curve can be derived from the total product curve by drawing secants from the origin that intersect (cut) the total product curve. The slope of the secant line equals the average product of labor, where the slope = dQ/dL. The slope of the curve at each intersection marks a point on the average product curve. The slope increases until the line reaches a point of tangency with the total product curve. This point marks the maximum average product of labor. It also marks the point where MPL (which is the slope of the total product curve) equals the APL (the slope of the secant). Beyond this point the slope of the secants become progressively smaller as "APL" declines. The MPL curve intersects the APL curve from above at the maximum point of the APL curve. Thereafter, the MPL curve is below the APL curve.
Diminishing marginal returns.
The falling MPL is due to the law of diminishing marginal returns. The law states, ”as units of one input are added (with all other inputs held constant) a point will be reached where the resulting additions to output will begin to decrease; that is marginal product will decline”. The law of diminishing marginal returns applies regardless of whether the production function exhibits increasing, decreasing or constant returns to scale. The key factor is that the variable input is being changed while all other factors of production are being held constant. Under such circumstances diminishing marginal returns are inevitable at some level of production.
Diminishing marginal returns differs from diminishing returns. Diminishing marginal returns means that the marginal product of the variable input is falling. Diminishing returns occur when the marginal product of the variable input is negative. That is when a unit increase in the variable input causes total product to fall. At the point that diminishing returns begin the MPL is zero.
MPL, MRPL and profit maximization.
The general rule is that a firm maximizes profit by producing that quantity of output where marginal revenue equals marginal costs. The profit maximization issue can also be approached from the input side. That is, what is the profit maximizing usage of the variable input? To maximize profits the firm should increase usage "up to the point where the input’s marginal revenue product equals its marginal costs". So, mathematically the profit maximizing rule is MRPL = MCL. The marginal profit per unit of labor equals the marginal revenue product of labor minus the marginal cost of labor or MπL = MRPL − MCLA firm maximizes profits where MπL = 0.
The marginal revenue product is the change in total revenue per unit change in the variable input assume labor. That is, MRPL = ∆TR/∆L. MRPL is the product of marginal revenue and the marginal product of labor or MRPL = MR × MPL.
Example.
 • formula_4
 • Output price is $40 per unit.
 • And the profit is
Marginal productivity ethics.
In the aftermath of the marginal revolution in economics, a number of economists including John Bates Clark and Thomas Nixon Carver sought to derive an ethical theory of income distribution based on the idea that workers were morally entitled to receive a wage exactly equal to their marginal product. In the 20th century, marginal productivity ethics found few supporters among economists, being criticised not only by egalitarians but by economists associated with the Chicago school such as Frank Knight (in "The Ethics of Competition") and the Austrian School, such as Leland Yeager. However, marginal productivity ethics were defended by George Stigler.

</doc>
<doc id="21582715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582715" title="Pyotr Chardynin">
Pyotr Chardynin

Pyotr Ivanovich Chardynin () ( – 14 August 1934) was a Russian film director, screenwriter, and actor. Pyotr Chardynin, one of the pioneers of the film industry in the Russian Empire, directed over a hundred silent films during his career.
Biography.
Pyotr Chardynin was born Pyotr Ivanovich Krasavtsev on 10 February 1873 in Simbirsk, Russian Empire (now Ulyanovsk, Russia). In 1890 he was admitted to the Drama School of Moscow Philharmonic Society, where he studied under Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko from 1891. After graduating he adopted stage name of Chardynin and started both acting and directing career in provincial Russian theatres in Belgorod, Orekhovo-Zuevo, Uralsk, and Vologda.
In 1908 Chardynin joined the troupe at Vvedensky Narodny Dom in Moscow and, as a part of it, started his film acting career in "A 16th Century Russian Wedding" and "Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov". In 1909 Chardynin debuted as a director with "The Power of Darkness" and soon become the principal director for Aleksandr Khanzhonkov's film company. In 1916, however, facing the serious competition from Yevgeni Bauer, Chardynin left the Khanzhonkov and, together with Vera Kholodnaya and several other leading actors joined Dmitriy Kharitonov's studio in Odessa. There Chardynin made several successful films including "Molchi, grust... molchi".
In 1920–1923 Chardynin lived and worked in Italy, France, Germany, and Latvia. In 1923 he returned to USSR to work at Odessa Film Studio, where he directed several costume dramas and epics about the history of Ukraine. During the early 1930s Chardynin was banned from directing by Soviet authorities and died in 1934 from the liver cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="21582717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582717" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 100 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582733" title="XOrbit">
XOrbit

XOrbit, Inc., a privately held organization, claims to strive toward improving the quality of closed caption technologies for the hearing impaired, a U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) requirement for broadcasters.
XOrbit develops and promotes products that purportedly eases the improvement and quality of closed captioning services for broadcast and cable television channels at a lower cost than traditional techniques. For example, they provide a product that prevents broadcasters from having to re-encode line21 captioning information into media whenever a change to the captioning is made. They also provide a product that allows stenographers to send captioning for a live event without requiring a satellite feed for the audio/video content (using TCP/IP technologies).
In 2003, Turner Entertainment gained a Technology & Engineering Emmy Award for XOrbit's closed caption server technology.
In 2009, XOrbit was awarded a National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Technology & Engineering Emmy Award for Real-Time Delivery Confirmation Systems, a service to ensure that content (such as television commercials contracted by a network, or regular network programming) reaches the end viewer as transmitted.

</doc>
<doc id="21582736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582736" title="Jefferson Forest High School">
Jefferson Forest High School

Jefferson Forest High School is one of the three high schools in Bedford County, Virginia. Jefferson Forest HS opened in 1972 with a population of 970 students.
Characteristics.
Being so close to Thomas Jefferson’s plantation Poplar Forest, the school's name pays tribute both to the third president of the United States and to the community in which it is located, Forest. During the last 35 years, the school’s student body and the community have undergone vast changes. The surrounding area has evolved from a rural community to one reflecting both residential and commercial growth, partly as a suburban area adjacent to the neighboring city of Lynchburg. In the past fourteen years, new businesses have been established within a four-mile radius of the school, and a new shopping center has been built across from the school. Many new houses, condominiums, apartments, and subdivisions have been built, and many are currently under construction close to the school. The continuous growth in the population of the attendance zone is directly proportional to the improved socioeconomic and educational level of the community and thus requires a flexible educational system. JFHS is working to meet the challenges presented by these changes.
Location.
JFHS is located between the cities of Bedford and Lynchburg. In the immediate area, there are numerous educational, cultural, and recreational facilities. Within a twenty-mile radius, there are several diverse colleges, several theaters, a fine arts center, four golf courses, a drag strip, two airports, and several shopping centers. A national monument was dedicated to the veterans of D-Day on June 6, 2001 in Bedford. It draws many visitors to the area. Forest is the site of Poplar Forest, Thomas Jefferson’s summer home.
History.
JFHS is designed with four levels and houses over sixty-six classrooms. The school was renovated in a process taking approximately 2 years, doing away with all mobiles and putting brand-new facilities in. In addition to regular classrooms, there is a library, weight room, gymnasium, auditorium, home economics room, industrial arts facility, band room, chorus room, and an art room. The grade configuration at Jefferson Forest High School is currently ninth through twelfth with a total enrollment for 2006–2008 of 1,250 students and 1,375 for 2008–2009. There are 180 days in the school year. Each day starts with an optional zero period at 7:30 a.m. and continues with six additional periods and Channel One during the last 15 minutes of second period.
Student body.
Over eighty-eight percent of the student body is white, eight percent is black, and the remainder is Asian Pacific, Hispanic, and other. The male-female ratio is one-to-one.
JFHS also has a diverse population of those with special needs. Currently there are 135 students receiving special education services for a variety of disabilities.
As of the current year of 2009, there are roughly 1,320 students attending JFHS.
While originally serving the largely rural eastern third of Bedford County, in recent years the school has taken on a more suburban character with Forest becoming a popular upscale suburb of Lynchburg. Consequently, much of the student body comes from affluent families.
Teachers.
The JFHS faculty in 2008-09 consists of eighty-seven teachers (full-time and part-time), two librarians, and four guidance counselors with an average of fourteen years experience that brought diverse backgrounds to the campus. Thirty-nine teachers had 0–10 years, seventeen had 11–20 years, and twenty-one had 21–35 years of experience. Thirty-nine percent of teachers hold advanced degrees. Sixty-one percent hold four-year degrees including seven teachers holding provisional licenses. All administrators now hold advanced degrees. Sixty-one females and twenty-six males comprise an all-white teaching staff.
Staff.
There are four administrators: Support staff includes four guidance counselors, two librarians, and one full-time and one part-time school nurse, one visiting teacher, five secretaries, and one bookkeeper. In addition, there is one English as a Second Language (ESL) teacher who spends a portion of her day at JFHS. Five aides serve as personnel resources for the library, special education classrooms, and guidance office. One full-time resource officer provided by the county sheriff’s department assists with legal and safety issues. The custodial staff includes nine employees, and the cafeteria staff includes nine part-time and two full-time employees.
Athletics.
Jefferson Forest is known across the state of Virginia and nationally as being home to a very successful cross country program. JF has won every Seminole District race since 1994 and been very successful at the regional championships each year. JF won the state cross country race in 2000 and 2001. JF XC holds the annual Runnin' with the Wolves Rocktoberfest Invitational every October at their home course, Wolf Branch Farm. Runnin' with the Wolves is a unique race in which music is "around every turn" and they rightly claim the "most unique start of a race". The Wolf Branch Farm cross country course is considered to be one of the most difficult in the state of Virginia.
Jefferson Forest is also widely known for men's soccer. Winning the Seminole District every year since 1993, coach Jedd Zaring has recently notched his 300th win. JF has produced very successful college soccer players each and every year. On June 11, 2011, Jefferson Forest notched its first AA state title in Boys Soccer, knocking off three-time defending champions Blacksburg High School 2-1 at Radford University. The Jefferson Forest Men's Soccer Team is now ranked number one in the country by an ESPN coaches poll.

</doc>
<doc id="21582747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582747" title="Jardim Olinda">
Jardim Olinda

Jardim Olinda is the northernmost city in the Brazilian state of Paraná. The Saran Grande waterfall, located there, is the northernmost point in the state and in all Southern Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="21582756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582756" title="Gustav Jung">
Gustav Jung

Gustav Jung (4 June 1945 – 15 January 2000) was a German football player. He spent seven seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Bayern Munich, Wuppertaler SV Borussia and Karlsruher SC.

</doc>
<doc id="21582759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582759" title="American Herbal Products Association">
American Herbal Products Association

The American Herbal Products Association (AHPA) is a trade association for the herbal products industry. Members of AHPA are domestic and foreign companies doing business as growers, processors, manufacturers and marketers of herbs and herbal products. AHPA was founded in 1982 and is based in Silver Spring, Maryland. In 2009 it took over the mission of the Yerba Mate Association of the Americas.
Yerba Mate Association of the Americas.
The Yerba Mate Association of the Americas (YMAA) was an association of scientists, companies, consumers, and others with an interest in yerba maté and mate, a beverage that is brewed from it. It was founded in 2006.
The association's threefold mission is to advance the scientific understanding of yerba mate, to educate the public about the many benefits of yerba mate, and to increase the number of people who try and enjoy yerba mate. It engages in these activities to advance that mission:
As of November 2008, the YMAA web site included over 25 full-text journal articles about yerba mate.
On Wednesday, May 27, 2009, it was agreed among the YMAA members to dissolve the organization and continue to advance its mission via a new committee formed under the American Herbal Products Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21582762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582762" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 100 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582767" title="The Hero's Journey (disambiguation)">
The Hero's Journey (disambiguation)

The hero's journey (or monomyth) is a universal story structure explored by anthropologists and mythologists such as Otto Rank and Joseph Campbell.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21582782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582782" title="Jianglin (Top Combine EP)">
Jianglin (Top Combine EP)

Arrival also known as The Advent or Jiang Lin (降临), is the debut EP by Mandopop boy band, Top Combine. The EP was released on October 26, 2008 in People's Republic of China by EE Media. The EP was also released in two separate versions, a "black" version and a "gold" version.
"Arrival" is influenced by K-pop melodies, which has heavy focuses on hip hop, R&B, and dance-pop. A majority of the EP was produced and recorded in South Korea in March 2008, and the EP is also produced by several famous Korean producers, such as Kim Kibom. The music video for the EP's first promotional single, "Arrival", was also filmed in South Korea, directed by Chun Hyuk-jin, the same director who directed some music videos for SM Entertainment artists.
Recording and promotion.
The EP was recorded in South Korea under the supervision of Doremi Media, Top Combine's management in Korea. Kim Kibom, the producer of the title single "Arrival," produced the song "especially for the group." Influenced by modern K-pop, the single is produced with elements of hip hop, rock, and contemporary dance-pop. Vocally, the single incorporates harmonization and rap, arguably similar to SM Entertainment's SMP genre. The side tracks of the album, such as "Cotton Candy", "Next Stop, Forever," etc. are less concentrated on hip hop, but they are portrayed as a faction of bubblegum pop. "Cotton Candy" was also composed and written by Top Combine member, Mars Ma.
Top Combine noted that the EP was not only experimental, but also very enjoyable to record. The EP includes elements of music style that Mainland Chinese boy bands have not experimented in the past, and the group was eager to test out the new style.
As soon as the album was released on October 19, the group went on a nation-wide tour to promote the album, appearing in many variety programs and music programs that are broadcast on national television. Their appearance on Hunan TV's "Happy Camp" (快乐大本营) snatched an overwhelmingly high rating of 2.14, making the variety show to achieve the highest ratings of China for the month.

</doc>
<doc id="21582797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582797" title="Woodson Research Center">
Woodson Research Center

Woodson Research Center is an archive located in the Fondren Library of Rice University in Houston, Texas. The Center is named for Benjamin N. Woodson and houses the special collections of Rice University's Fondren Library which includes rare books, manuscripts, and the Rice University archives.
The mission statement is as follows: "The Woodson Research Center supports the institutional, research and public service programs of Rice University. The Woodson preserves official university records, rare books, and manuscripts and makes them all available to Rice faculty, students, and alumni, as well as local, national, and international researchers. Woodson Research Center’s strong service tradition and commitment to technology enhance access to and aid in the preservation of rare materials and facilitate long-distance study and teaching."
Manuscript Collections.
Woodson contains more than 475 manuscript collections focused on the history of Texas and the greater Houston area, politics, entrepreneurship, and oil and gas. Other subject areas include American Civil War history, hip hop/rap music-related materials from the Swishahouse record label, science, and literary authors with Rice connections. Also in the Center are the papers of Rice University faculty members and alumni with achievements in the humanities, sciences, engineering, and the arts. 
Personal collections include the papers of the scientist Julian Huxley, his wife Juliette Huxley, and his brother Aldous Huxley. The Americas collection documents the 19th and 20th century political and cultural relationships between North, Central, and South America. 
20th century materials include the papers and oral histories of Texas liberal Democratic politicians; the papers of the author of the Marshall Plan, William L. Clayton; Oveta Culp Hobby papers; Larry McMurtry papers; Gus Wortham family and business papers; Brown and Root company records, and George and Herman Brown papers. The Woodson holds papers of such prominent Texas families as Autry, Fondren, Hamman, Hutcheson, Lovett, Masterson, Sharp, Townsend and Watkin. Oil and gas related collections include Panhandle Eastern and several smaller companies.
Rare Books.
Particular subject strengths include the history of science, Confederate imprints, Texana, 18th century British drama, the history of aeronautics, and a historical atlas collection. 
Large collections of note are the Masterson Texana collection, the Axson collection of 18th century plays, and the Anderson collection on the history of aeronautics. The Cruikshank collection offers a wealth of Cruikshank’s illustrations from the 1800s. 
The Woodson houses the Ricketts and Shannon collection of 19th century printing arts, the Stevenson collection of printing and watermarks, the Wilson collection of historical maps and atlases, and the Hirsch Limited Editions Club Collection of fine books.
University Archives.
The William Ward Watkin and Annie Ray Watkin University archives contain the historical records of the University’s Board of Governors, administrative offices, the papers of Rice presidents, university committees, academic departments, student organizations and university-related groups. 
The archives also contain campus plans, drawings and blueprints, photographs, publications, video and audio tapes, ephemeral material and memorabilia.

</doc>
<doc id="21582843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582843" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 400 metre individual medley">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 400 metre individual medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 400 metres Individual Medley event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582859" title="Karaagach (river)">
Karaagach (river)

The Karaagach () is a small river in south-eastern Bulgaria which flows to the south of the town of Kiten on the territory of the Tsarevo Municipality. It forms a deep estuary on the coast of the Black Sea which is 11 to 14 m deep. The river is rich in rare fish species and has varied flora. Karaagach is 15 km long.

</doc>
<doc id="21582866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582866" title="Galician Transversal Railway">
Galician Transversal Railway

The Galician Transversal Railway (German: Galizische Transversalbahn, Polish: Galicyjska Kolej Transwersalna) was a railway system, opened in 1884 in the province of Galicia (Austria-Hungary). It was a state-owned enterprise which ran from west to east, along northern side of the Carpathian Mountains. 
The purpose of the construction was to connect already existing lines and thus create a continuous east-west route. Military aspect was crucial, as the Transversal Railway ran parallel to the main Galician route Kraków - Lwów, and Austrian planners were predicting a future war with the Russian Empire. Also, the system was supposed to activate underdeveloped mountainous areas of Galicia.
Wohlfried Mann-Eckhart (1850–1901) related in his autobiographical "Coming of the Ant" that he was bound and gagged inside a compartment of a Transversal Railway train by a Russian spy disguised as a ticket collector, who attempted through torture to learn the secret behind his gunman skills and passport fabrication techniques.
The Transversal Railway started at Čadca (present day Slovakia), and ended in Husiatyn (present day Ukraine), with total length of around 800 kilometers. Main towns located along the route are:
Before construction of the Transversal Railway began, several connections had already existed, such as:
The lines built within the Transversal Railway project totalled 577 kilometers and these were:

</doc>
<doc id="21582879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582879" title="Roland Wabra">
Roland Wabra

Roland 'Rolli' Wabra (born November 25, 1935 in Prague; died October 17, 1993 in a car accident) was a German football player. He spent 6 seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21582885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582885" title="Armour Hills, Kansas City, Missouri">
Armour Hills, Kansas City, Missouri

Armour Hills is a neighborhood located in Kansas City, Missouri. It is bounded on the west by Brookside Road, on the north by 65th Street, on the east by Oak Street and the south by Gregory Boulevard. The name of this area derives from the fact that the land was owned by members of the Armour family of the Armour and Company.
The land was purchased from the Armours by J.C. Nichols in May 1922, and construction continued for the next decade.
Nichols stipulated that each home should look unique. So, the 1,068 homes in this neighborhood range from Tudor Revival, Cape Cod, and Dutch Colonials built with brick, stone, and wood in many different sizes.

</doc>
<doc id="21582897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582897" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 100 metre individual medley">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 100 metre individual medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 100 metres Individual Medley event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21582924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582924" title="Paul O'Beirne">
Paul O'Beirne

Paul O'Beirne (also known by the pseudonym Apollo 9) is an American saxophonist notable as a member of Rocket from the Crypt.
Musical career.
O'Beirne joined Rocket from the Crypt in 1991 under the pseudonym Apollo 9, shortly after the release of their debut album "Paint as a Fragrance". He performed on their second album "" (1992), which attracted the attention of major record labels and led to a recording contract with Interscope Records. He also performed in a side project named Rice with Rocket from the Crypt trumpeter Jason Crane (JC 2000). The group, a hardcore punk band with a horn section, also included Carlos Cañedo (of The PeeChees and Beehive & the Barracudas), Dustin "Dirty" Milsap (of Beehive & the Barracudas), and Jason Soares (of Physics, Stacatto Reads, Thingy, and Remote Action Sequence Project). The group sang songs about rice and released one album, "Fuck You, This Is Rice", on Lookout! Records in 1992.
In 1995 Rocket from the Crypt had a trio of releases: "The State of Art is on Fire", "Hot Charity", and "Scream, Dracula, Scream!". They filmed several music videos, toured internationally, and experienced a surge of popularity in the United Kingdom. They released "RFTC" in 1998, but Interscope turned their attention to higher-grossing acts and the band soon left the label. This was followed by the departure of longtime drummer Adam Willard from the group in early 2000. They soon regrouped, signing to Vagrant Records and bringing in new drummer Mario Rubalcaba. O'Beirne continued to record and perform with Rocket from the Crypt, who released "Group Sounds" in 2001 and "Live from Camp X-Ray" in 2002. The group disbanded after playing their final performance on Halloween 2005, which was recorded and later released as "R.I.P."
Discography.
This section lists albums and EPs on which O'Beirne has performed. For a more complete listing, see the Rocket from the Crypt discography. 

</doc>
<doc id="21582945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582945" title="Typhoon Nari (2007)">
Typhoon Nari (2007)

Typhoon Nari (international designation: 0711, JTWC designation: 12W, PAGASA name: Falcon) was a small and intense typhoon which struck the Korean Peninsula in early September 2007.
Meteorological history.
An area of disturbed weather developed northwest of Guam on September 10 and moved northwestward, slowly increasing in organisation. The Japan Meteorological Agency began monitoring the system as a tropical depression the next day. The depression continued to organise and strengthen, and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on it during the afternoon of September 12, and began issuing advisories on Tropical Depression 12W an hour later. The JMA followed suit early on September 13 and initiated advisories on the system; PAGASA named the system Falcon shortly after. The depression continued to intensify, and the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Nari later that morning. The storm then underwent rapid intensification that afternoon and evening, strengthening from a tropical depression to a typhoon in just 18 hours. The JMA upgraded Nari to a severe tropical storm late that afternoon, and by late that evening, Nari was upgraded to a typhoon. Nari reached its peak on September 14, and began weakening soon afterwards. It turned extratropical right after landfall in South Korea at tropical storm strength.
Preparations.
Okinawa.
On September 14, Japan Airlines cancelled 14 flights in and out of Okinawa, affecting an estimated 5,300 people. All Nippon Airways cancelled 54 flights, Ryukyu Air Commuter cancelled 24, Skymark cancelled two, and Japan Airlines cancelled an additional 16 flights the next day. An estimated 21,000 passengers cancelled their flights arrangements due to Nari. United States Marine bases located in Okinawa were placed under Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness-3 as Nari approached the islands on September 15. Aircraft and important equipment were secured to prevent damage to them. Several of the more important aircraft were transported to other locations throughout the Pacific. Working parties were scrambled to quickly assess and repair damage following the typhoon. About 30 marine soldiers were placed on "Typhoon Watch". They were to ride out the storm at the Foster headquarters building until Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness-1 had been sounded. At that time, they were to survey the area for signs of damage.
South Korea.
At least 300 flights in and out of South Korea were cancelled due to Typhoon Nari. About 130 of the cancelled flights were from Jeju Island. An additional 3,000 ferries were also cancelled from the island. Several ports along the southern coast of South Korea were shut down due to the storm. Typhoon warnings were issued for most of the southern regions of the country.
Impact.
Japan.
Winds were recorded up to 101 km/h (63 mph) in the United States Marine base. Damage at the base was primarily limited to trees. The storm passed directly over Kumejima Island, producing a record 226 km/h (140.5 mph) wind gust on the island. A pressure of 948.4 hPa (mbar) was recorded as the eye passed over. This record was eclipsed less than two weeks later by Typhoon Wipha which produced a wind gust of 252 km/h (156.6 mph). Total precipitation in Okinawa was estimated to have reached 120 mm (6 in), with rainfall rates peaking at 45.5 mm (1.8 in) per hour. At least 4,500 residences were left without power throughout all the islands, most of which were on Kumejima. In Naha City, a wall collapsed due to the rain but caused no injuries. Cars were reportedly flipped over in Kumejima Town where the worst damage was dealt. Numerous buildings lost their windows and numerous trees were knocked down. The outer bands of Nari trigged flooding which killed three people and injured three others in Kyushu. Fourteen homes were destroyed, 22 were damaged, and 117 others were affected. A total of 1,247 hectares of farmland was either damaged or destroyed by the typhoon. At the height of the storm, 4,800 households were without power and 3,700 were without water. Damages from both prefectures amounted to ¥31.4 billion ($323 million USD).
South Korea.
Throughout the country, a total of 479 structures were damaged or destroyed, displacing 948 people. The torrential rains submerged large areas of farmland and flooded roadways. The hardest hit area was Jeju Island, where rainfall amounted to a record 590 mm (23.2 in). At least 12 people were killed on the island and damages amounted to ₩28 billion ($19.2 million USD). In all, 20 people were killed and damages amounted to ₩65.2 billion ($70 million USD).
Aftermath.
Following Typhoon Nari, Jeju Island was declared a national disaster area by the South Korean government. Residents who lost 30 percent or more of their property were entitled to a nine month extension to their tax deadlines. The government reported that they would cover about 90 percent of the costs for rehabilitation on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="21582973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582973" title="Anostoma deshayesianum">
Anostoma deshayesianum

Anostoma deshayesianum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Brazil.
Shell description.
The shell of this species is orbiculate-globose, lightly striate, hardly shining, covered with a corneous epidermis. The shell is composed of 5 convex whorls. The spire is obtuse. The suture is hardly impressed, not marginate, bordered below by a blackish band. The last whorl is globose, not carinated, divided by a submedian blackish band above, the upper part having only a few spots near the periphery, the base with numerous brown spots arranged concentrically.
The shell aperture is semilunar and a little oblique. The columellar (parietal) margin is arcuate, convex, and three-toothed. The median tooth is the most strongly developed. The peristome is white, reflexed, and has six equidistant and equal white teeth, which are violet-tinted at their bases.
The width of adult shells is 33 mm, the height is 18 mm.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="21582980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582980" title="List of the most frequent RHI playoff series">
List of the most frequent RHI playoff series

This is a list of the most frequent Roller Hockey International playoff series in league history. 

</doc>
<doc id="21582989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582989" title="General Carneiro">
General Carneiro

General Carneiro is the southernmost city in the Brazilian state of Paraná.

</doc>
<doc id="21582995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21582995" title="Osman Taka">
Osman Taka

Osman Resul Taka (died 1887) is a Cham dancer and unclear personage from 19th century. The Dance of Osman Taka is named after him. His early life is not clear. He belongs to the Taka clan of Filiates, also known for Alush Taka, an Albanian patriot. 
<br>According to narrative sources, his name became well-known during the mid 19th century. He was probably a "kachak" or "klepht" fighting the Ottomans in Epirus region. Other sources connect him with the Albanian National Awakening of late 19th century. He was jailed in Yanina and was sentenced to death. When he was asked to give his final wish, he wanted to dance. The folk tradition says that his dance was so beautiful that the local gendarmes of the Ottoman army, did not execute him. After some days he was caught again and was killed in Konispol.

</doc>
<doc id="21583001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583001" title="Alison Sound">
Alison Sound

Alison Sound is a sound in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada. It extends north and northwest from Belize Inlet, which itself is one of the many sidewaters of Seymour Inlet. There is no connection in name or geography to Allison Harbour, which is to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="21583013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583013" title="Gyula Toth">
Gyula Toth

Gyula Toth (30 April 1941 – 1 March 2014) was a Yugoslav football coach and player. He spent 4 seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Schalke 04 and 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21583016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583016" title="List of lakes of Peru">
List of lakes of Peru

The following is a list of lakes in Peru.
Note that "qucha" means lake in Quechua.
Alphabetical list.
This an alphabetical list of lakes in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="21583023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583023" title="Committee for Hungarian Refugee Relief">
Committee for Hungarian Refugee Relief

The US President’s Committee for Hungarian Refugee Relief was established by President Dwight D. Eisenhower on December 12, 1956. Tracy S. Voorhees served as Chairman. The need for such a committee came about as a result of the United States’ desire to provide for a share of the Hungarians who fled their country beginning in October 1956. The Committee operated until May 1957. During this time, the Committee helped re-settle in the United States over 30,000 Hungarian refugees. The Committee’s small staff was funded from the Special Projects Group appropriation. A portion of the committee's records are preserved in Voorhees' papers in Special Collections and University Archives at Rutgers University and are accessible online. 

</doc>
<doc id="21583024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583024" title="William Feilding">
William Feilding

William Feilding may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21583038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583038" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 200 metre backstroke">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 200 metre backstroke

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 200 metres Backstroke event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21583073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583073" title="St. Catherine's Cathedral">
St. Catherine's Cathedral


</doc>
<doc id="21583074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583074" title="Kingfisher Sky">
Kingfisher Sky

Kingfisher Sky is a Dutch progressive metal band from The Hague, South Holland. Their debut album "Hallway of Dreams", was released in October 2007 on Suburban Records.
History.
Kingfisher Sky is a Dutch gothic/progressive rock band. Ivar de Graaf founded it in 2001 after having left Within Temptation to pursue his own musical interests. The music of Kingfisher Sky can not be related to one single genre. Too widespread are the musical influences of de Graaf and singer/songwriter Judith Rijnveld, ranging from Porcupine Tree to Cecilia Bartoli and from Kate Bush to traditional folk music. 
Ivar and Judith started recording songs in their home studio in 2005. A record deal with Suburban Records was signed in 2006. Bassist Eric Hoogendoorn joined the band first. Next joined guitarist Daan Janzing who was introduced to Kingfisher Sky by Ruud Jollie (Within Temptation). George van Olffen on keyboards followed soon after. Edo van der Kolk on guitar completed the band for the time being. He had played a solo on the demo version of "Through My Eyes" and had already known Ivar for fifteen years. 
The first album "Hallway of Dreams" was recorded in 2007 and released in October of the same year. It was produced by Jochem Jacobs from Textures (band) and Bouke Visser (Split Second Sound). Since then the band has completed numerous shows in the Netherlands both as headliner and support for related bands such as Delain and Epica. 
Within the scope of a special show in their hometown Kingfisher Sky was joined by classical cellist Maaike Peterse who played along on "Big Fish". As this cooperation proved to be very successful Maaike soon became the seventh band member. 
In March 2008 Laser’s Edge records released "Hallway of Dreams" in the United States (Riverside, Zero Hour). Japan followed in 2008 (Disk Union). It was also released on Vinyl by Tonefloat Records (Porcupine Tree, Roger Waters). Meanwhile "Hallway of Dreams" is also available in United Kingdom, Italy, France and Germany. 
George van Olffen left the band in July 2009 to pursue other musical interests. With David Gutierrez Rojas the band found a new keyboardist in November 2009. In April 2010 the band announced that guitarist Daan Janzing was about to leave Kingfisher Sky in order to fully concentrate on his other band My Favorite Scar. The new guitarist is Chris Henny. 
Kingfisher Sky released their 2nd album 'Skin of The Earth' on 23 September 2010.
After a successful crowdfunding campaign the money was raised to start recording their 3rd album which is expected in the fall of 2014. In May 2014 Eric Hoogendoorn left Kingfisher Sky and he was replaced by Nick Verschoor.
Style.
Ivar's progressive rock and traditional folk influences collided with Judith's classical conservatory background, and also her preference for soul and artists like Aretha Franklin. Combined with their mutual love for bands and artists like Porcupine Tree, Jethro Tull, Peter Gabriel, Kate Bush and Tori Amos, new songs were written.
Line-up.
Current band members
Former Band Members

</doc>
<doc id="21583090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583090" title="Lifestyle Satellite Jukebox">
Lifestyle Satellite Jukebox

Lifestyle Satellite Jukebox was a music video request channel in the UK (and across Europe) in the late 80s and early 90s which was owned by the now defunct WHSTV (WH Smiths' TV division). The channel broadcast via transponder 5 on the Astra 1A satellite after the Lifestyle had closed down for the day (generally around 22:00). Requesting tracks on the service involved calling a premium rate telephone number and entering the three digit number of your desired track. The current track numbers and descriptions could be found via the Lifestyle Teletext service, frames broadcast in between videos and in Satellite TV Europe magazine. The numbers of the track requested would be broadcast live on the screen whilst the viewer was entering them and would also provide other live information at the bottom of the screen such as which tracks had recently been requested. The channel ceased broadcasting in 1993 following the closure of the Lifestyle Channel which was replaced by German general entertainment channel VOX.

</doc>
<doc id="21583104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583104" title="2009 Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2009 Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2009 Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place on March 3, 6, and 7, 2009. The first round was hosted by the better seed in each game, and the semifinals and finals took place at Sommet Center in Nashville, Tennessee. The tournament was won by the Morehead State Eagles.
Format.
The top eight eligible men's basketball teams in the Ohio Valley Conference receive a berth in the conference tournament. After the 20 game conference season, teams are seeded by conference record.

</doc>
<doc id="21583121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583121" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 800 metre freestyle">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 800 metre freestyle

The qualifying heats of the Women's 800 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England. The heats resultd in declared winners.

</doc>
<doc id="21583146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583146" title="Dirty Penny">
Dirty Penny

Dirty Penny is a glam metal band from Santa Cruz, California. Their music is identified as glam or sleaze metal, with their influences being Mötley Crüe, AC/DC, Skid Row, Judas Priest, Poison, and Guns N' Roses. Dirty Penny has currently released two albums, "Take it Sleezy" (2007), and "Young & Reckless"- released on September 17, 2009.
History.
Dirty Penny formed in Santa Cruz, California. They gained popularity by winning a "Battle of the Bands" run by jpotmusic.com. Their music has been described as "glittery-glam", "sex-fueled", and "leather-encased". It is reminiscent of 80's glam metal made popular by the likes of Mötley Crüe, Poison, Guns N' Roses, RATT, and Skid Row. 
Dirty Penny was originally a Poison cover band, ironically called Antidote. They later had to drop Antidote due to a Dutch band of the same name.
Dirty Penny has since played at all 3 Rocklahoma Festivals, and is working on playing 2010.
Bassist Tyno Molinaro (Tyno Vincent) said this about the band: 
"We were into old-school punk, like The Misfits, when we first got into music, then got into glam as a fuck-you to our hometown...But punk's got a lot of rules, and that's not very punk. Rock'n'roll doesn't have any rules -- everybody can do drugs or not do drugs or dress however they want. A lot of people are tired of the screamo/I'm-not-okay thing. It's like, everyone's not okay, you know? Forget about it. Have fun. That's what you do with music -- you forget about your shit."
“Antidote was like our training wheels when we were learning how to play, but I consider the start of our band as being when we became Dirty Penny and recorded our album...There are a lot of haters...We’re labeled a cover band in Santa Cruz and that’ll probably never change, but it’s cool to go out and experience respect for what we’re doing now from older metal bands.”
Take it Sleezy
Dirty Penny's debut album is "Take it Sleezy", released on 8/2/2007. 
Young & Reckless
Released on September 17, 2009.
For this album, Dirty Penny altered their look from their original "glittery-glam" to a more modern, less-showy getup. Fans tend to argue their music has not changed, despite their outward appearance.They have also revamped their official website, becoming much more professional in terms of design and layout.
Promotional Material:
"Don’t call it an accident.
The long-awaited second album from Dirty Penny is sitting on the boilerplate, bubbling over and itching to be unleashed on the eardrums of Rock N Roll fans across the globe. The mass following 'The Boys', (Binge Daniels on vocals, Jonny Prynce on guitar, Tyno Vincent on bass, and Spanky Savage on drums) have developed over the past three years is nothing short of amazing. It seems, to the ill informed, that the road-warrior, un relentless attitude, sleepless nights and booze-fueled mayhem has thrust Dirty Penny into the spotlight: on accident.
But rest assured, with one listen, this is no accident.
Having developed an incredibly strong fan base in America, a following overseas that has tattooed ‘The Boys’ brand onto their bodies and a spine-shivering, electric live show to match – it seems their antics have begun to pay off – big time.
Citing influences such as: Mötley Crüe, Poison, Guns N' Roses, and L.A. Guns - Dirty Penny has not only embraced and absorbed the sex-fueled, leather-encased sound and image, they've brought it to a new generation, shoved it down their pants, thrown it against the wall a few times, and tattooed it into their souls.
Having topped the charts as the 38th classic rock album of 2008 (it was their debut), graced the pages of Rolling Stone, Spin and countless others - Dirty Penny is gearing up to unleash their second effort: “The Young and The Reckless”. The record is a youthful, raw and electric sound unlike anything that exists today. A seamless blend of Rock N Roll and Metal – with an un-deniable ability to string the entire project together with vibrant punk undertones, ‘The Boys’ have taken an older era and made it relevant in 2010. Yes, a daunting, nothing short of amazing task – but don’t you call it an accident…..not even for a second.
Dirty Penny will release their second album, “Young & Reckless”, in September 2009. They will follow this album with a 10 week, headlining, national tour. Be sure to catch them in a city near you."
In mid-2009 Dirty Penny embarked on the aforementioned headlining tour with Vains of Jenna.
On this tour, Dirty Penny had a run-in with a woman who they deemed the "crazy bitch". She followed the band and asked for a free ride to LA, which they refused due to space restrictions. After they took off for LA, she followed them for a good while down the freeway. Something took over this woman, and she decided to ram Dirty Penny's van multiple times while driving. This incident resulted in their new Young & Wrecked tour poster.
Departure of Lead Singer
On October 25, 2010 Dirty Penny's social sites posted that lead singer Binge Daniels has left the band on good terms. It is unclear if they are looking for a new singer or where they will go from here.
Members Current Projects
On February 14, 2011, Jonny, using his real name of Ian MacPherson, appeared with his sister and the band 'Wildstreet' on 'Late Night with Jimmy Fallon' in a skit to have his hair permed. Ian referred to Wildstreet as 'his band'.
Bassist "Tyno Vincent" real name Tyler Molinaro joined American Idol Finalist James Durbin's solo band for his upcoming tour in 2011/12.
Members.
All members of the band have adopted pseudonyms, or different names.
Vocals - Binge Daniels (Matt Biggam)
Guitar -Jonny Prynce (Ian MacPherson)
Bass - Tyno Vincent (Tyler Molinaro)
Drums - Spanky Savage (Spencer Joseph)
References.
http://www.dirtypennysucks.com/index.html<br>
http://www.spin.com/articles/nothin-good-time
http://www.metalexpressradio.com/menu.php?main=reviews&id=2294
http://www.blogtalkradio.com/bleach-bangs/2010/01/13/takin-it-sleazy
http://www.youtube.com/user/dirtypennysucks

</doc>
<doc id="21583153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583153" title="Christopher Elton">
Christopher Elton

Christopher Elton is an English pianist, former Head of the Keyboard department of the Royal Academy of Music in London and a professor emeritus of the University of London.
Biography.
Christopher Elton was born in Edinburgh and studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London, where he achieved the unusual distinction of gaining the Academy's Dip.RAM, both on piano and cello. After his formal studies he continued his studies with Maria Curcio and was a prizewinner in several British and international piano competitions, and performed both as a soloist and chamber musician. He also freelanced with the major London orchestras playing cello. 
Mr Elton has long served as a professor of piano at the Royal Academy of Music, and later as Head of the Keyboard Department. Christopher Elton's students have won international awards, the Van Cliburn and London "World" International Piano Competitions as well as in Jaen, Newport and Dudley. His students include José Feghali, Orit Wolf, Joanna MacGregor, Freddy Kempf, Yevgeny Sudbin, Rustem Hayroudinoff, Mei Yi Foo, Ashley Wass, Jose Manuel Martinez and Benjamin Grosvenor.

</doc>
<doc id="21583166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583166" title="Henry Aaron">
Henry Aaron

Henry Aaron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21583171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583171" title="Lacertine">
Lacertine

Lacertines, most commonly found in Celtic Art, are interlaces created by animal forms. Interlaces are a two-dimensional decoration formed by a number of ribbons or straps woven into a complex, usually symmetrical design. The art is intricate, often incorporating animals into the elaborate twisting knots, and maze-like weavings. Some of the most common animals used in lacertines are snakes, birds, lions, and dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="21583172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583172" title="St. Martin's Cathedral">
St. Martin's Cathedral

St. Martin's Cathedral may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21583176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583176" title="Anostoma octodentatum">
Anostoma octodentatum

Anostoma octodentatum, common name Brazilian up-mouth snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
"Anostoma octodentatum" is the type species of the genus "Anostoma". The type locality is tropical South America, east of the Andes.
Distribution and habitat.
This species occurs in Brazil in the states of Ceará and Amapá, where it is found uncommonly, living on the ground.
Shell description.
The shell of this species is biconvex. The height of the shell is half or nearly half of the greatest diameter. The shell is solid, and obtusely angular at the periphery.
The shell color is a brown-tinted whitish; the base is copiously dappled with oblong spots, and more or less spirally clouded with dull reddish-brown. The upper surface has a broad reddish-brown band above the periphery. This band is often mottled, and fades out at its upper edge. There is a narrow dark spiral band bordering the suture below, fading on the two earlier whorls. The surface is slightly striate above, and on the first half of the base. The last half whorl is regularly latticed or malleate in a diamond pattern.
The shell has 5 whorls; the first one is flattened. The last half-whorl is straightened out: it runs to the periphery and is then upturned. It has three long and one short groove behind the lip.
The aperture of the shell is subhorizontal, rounded, and obstructed by eight folds. The peristome is white, very broadly expanded, reflexed and recurved, rather thick, and arcuate throughout. The parietal callus is translucent-white, and spreads broadly upon the last and preceding whorls. The parietal margin bears three lamellae: a small, triangular angle-lamella, a large, erect parietal lamella, the inner end of which curves behind the preceding tooth, and a smaller, straight infraparietal lamella near the middle of the parietal margin. The outer lip bears five folds: subequal, straight and rather large upper and lower palatal folds within the outer margin, a somewhat smaller columellar lamella below them, 
and two still smaller suprapalatal folds on the upper margin, the upper one of which is smaller and tuberculiform.
The width of the adult shell varies from 39 to 45 mm, the height from 20-21 mm.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="21583201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583201" title="Stora Le">
Stora Le

Stora Le or Lesjön in Swedish and Store Le in Norwegian is a lake in Dalsland, Sweden, the northern end of which proceeds into Norway and into Värmland, where it continues as Lake Foxen.
The lake stretches approximately 70 km (43.5 Mi) from Ed in the south past Nössemark to Töcksfors in the north, on Lake Foxen. It is a narrow lake, rarely measuring more than 2 to 3 km across, apart from a stretch forming part of Lake Foxen, where it reaches a full 5 km. Stora Le and Lake Foxen combined cover 131 km2. This makes Stora Le the 19th largest lake in Sweden. Its greatest depth is 99 metres to the south of Västra Fågelvik in the Lake Foxen part.
The lake system's level has been controlled since 1945 when the level was raised by 6 dm (2 ft) to 102.1 m (335 ft) above sea level. Lake levels are allowed to vary within a 1-metre bandwidth. The maximum allowed outtake of water is 80 cubic metres per second. The lake is reachable by boat through the Dalsland Canal. The lake's shores are mountainous and the forest nearly grows down to the water line. Dalsland's provincial fish the fourhorn sculpin is also found in Stora Le.
The islet of Trollön (Troll's island, Trolløya in Norwegian) is situated on the Norway–Sweden border, which divides the island in two.

</doc>
<doc id="21583211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583211" title="Terminator X">
Terminator X

Terminator X is the stage name of Norman Rogers (born August 25, 1966), a retired American DJ best known for his work with rap group Public Enemy, which he left in 1999. He also produced two solo albums, "Terminator X & The Valley of the Jeep Beets" (1991) and "Super Bad" (1994), featuring Chuck D, Sister Souljah, Kool DJ Herc, the Cold Crush Brothers, and a bass music track by the Punk Barbarians.
Retirement.
Since retiring from the music scene in 2003, Rogers used to run an ostrich stud farm in North Carolina. However, in 2010, Terminator X returned to the recording studio. Set for release in 2011, the album, "Judgement Day", is said to be "a tribute to the five elements of hip-hop, which include B-boying, graffiti, rapping, DJ’ing and knowledge." 
In 2013 Terminator X began DJ'ing on Chuck D's internet radio station "RapStation.com" with a weekly show titled "The Edge Of Panic Radio Show" hosted by DJ DVS.

</doc>
<doc id="21583217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583217" title="Salvia polystachya">
Salvia polystachya

Salvia polystachya is a herbaceous perennial native to central Mexico and south into Guatemala and Panama, typically growing at elevations from 5,000-10,000 feet in mild climates where there is some summer rain. It is rarely seen in horticulture.
"Salvia polystachya" grows up to 3-9 feet in one season, preferring the shelter of other plants because the stems become very brittle. It blooms in late summer or early fall, with .5 inch flowers that are violet-blue at the edge and fading to white at the center. Many short and slender spikes with verticils of tightly held flowers give the plant its specific epithet "polystacha". The leaves are yellow-green, 1 inch long and wide, and grow in small clusters.
From the aerial parts of "Salvia polystachya" five neo-clerodane diterpenoids, polystachynes A-E, have been isolated. The structures were established by spectroscopic methods. Other clerodanes such as salvifaricin, linearolactone and dehydrokerlin were also isolated.

</doc>
<doc id="21583218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583218" title="Anostoma depressum">
Anostoma depressum

Anostoma depressum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Brazil.
Original description.
Lamarck originally described "Anostoma depressum" under name "Anostoma depressa" as follows: (French description add here)
Translated from French language:
"Shell suborbicular, convex on both sides, a little depressed, obtusely carinated, imperforate, glabrous; whitish with a circular reddish line above; aperture five toothed; lip strongly reflexed."
Shell description.
The shell of this species is biconvex, the altitude about half the diameter, angular at the periphery, whitish, more or less brown-tinted, the base dappled with oblong spots or streaks arranged concentrically, having a dark band along the basal suture, the upper surface sparsely spotted near the periphery, and having a brown band revolving below the suture, usually with a fainter one above it. Surface is finely striate above and below, fresh specimens showing dense fine spiral lines, especially on the last whorl. The shell is composed of 4 whorls, that are nearly flat. The last whorl is angular or carinated at the periphery, its last half is straightened and turned upward, showing two or three grooves or pits behind the lip.
The shell aperture is subhorizontal, semicircular, obstructed by 5 or 6 teeth. Peristome is expanded and reflexed, pinkish-brown or flesh tinted. Parietal margin is bearing two or three teeth; a minute tubercular angle-lamella is often obsolete, an erect, compressed parietal lamella, and a small infraparietal lamella at about the middle of the parietal margin. Outer margin with three (or four) folds; columellar fold usually wanting; upper and lower palatal folds well developed, the former a little larger and more oblique; suprapalatal fold tubercular, small or minute.
The width of adult shells is 31–37 mm, the height is 15-17.5 mm.
The immature shell measures 21 by 18 mm in width, the height is 10.5 mm. The axis is hollow and the mouth possesses no lamellae.
Distinguished from "Anostoma octodentatum" chiefly by the narrower and 
tinted lip, and fewer teeth. It is usually smaller, more angular at 
the periphery, and less densely mottled beneath.
Anatomy.
Anatomy of "Anostoma depressum" was examined by Harold Heath in 1914.
The kidney, placed between the pericardial and body walls on the anterior face of the last fold, presents the usual sac-like appearance. Evidently the reno-pericardial opening is minute. The ureter, likewise, is difficult to trace throughout a portion of its course. Its external opening is immediately behind that of the alimentary canal, and from this point is readily followed to the region of the pericardium, where it decreases in caliber and passes into a network of blood vessels. It appears that the kidney is in contact, along its inner face, with a slender sack or tube with which the ureter communicates.
There are no special features of the digestive system of "Anostoma depressum".
The description of the reproductive system of "Ringicella ringens" as described by Fischer (1869) applies in all essential details to "Anostoma depressum" with the exception of a penis retractor muscle attached to the vas deferens. In "Anostoma depressum" the external reproductive pore, located on the right side of the head, leads into a small atrium with which the penis, hermaphroditic duct, and seminal receptacle attach. The first named is a heavy, muscular organ, accompanied by the usual slender vas deferens, their union being effected at some distance from the distal end of the penis, which thus forms a flagellum. The penis and flagellum are both sharply defined and appear to be without muscular attachments, though bound to the body wall by delicate connective tissue strands. In the neighborhood of the outer opening, however, the penis sheath affords attachment for three or four slender muscle bands that Heath inclined to regard as penis retractors. The hermaphroditic duct, a highly glandular duct of comparatively even diameter, traverses the greater portion of the first coil of the body to enter the accessory glands. All of these structures are in a quiescent condition, and in size and configuration probably fall far short of their fully developed state in the sexually mature condition. The same is likewise true of the gonad. While the duct leading to it from the accessory glands is clearly apparent throughout the first part of its course, it gradually approaches the vanishing point, and cannot with certainty be traced to a gonad, which is accordingly drawn in its hypothetical position.
Feeding habits.
"Anostoma depressum" is phytophagous feeding on vegetables and moss.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from references

</doc>
<doc id="21583221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583221" title="Pratt Institute School of Architecture">
Pratt Institute School of Architecture

The Pratt Institute School of Architecture, located in New York City with courses being taught at Brooklyn and Manhattan campuses, is ranked in the top ten best architecture schools in the States]. Alumni include Pritzker Prize Winner Peter Zumthor. The School was created in 1928 and by 1954 was recognized as being full degree-granting Undergraduate and Graduate program. Undergraduate architecture is the largest program in both the School of Architecture and Pratt Institute at large with over 550 students. Within the Brooklyn campus, the school of architecture is located a block from the main campus in Higgins Hall (designed by Steven Holl).
Degrees and minors.
The school offers the following degrees and minors:
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Minors:
Graduate

</doc>
<doc id="21583232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583232" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 50 metre backstroke">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Men's 50 metre backstroke

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 50 metres Backstroke event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Friday 11 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21583233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583233" title="Norm Rogers (rugby league)">
Norm Rogers (rugby league)

Norm Rogers (Australia), was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL) competition. Rogers, a centre, played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the years 1946-49.
Rogers is the father of Olympic swimmers Greg and Neil Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="21583241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583241" title="Maldivian constitutional referendum, 1968">
Maldivian constitutional referendum, 1968

A constitutional referendum was held in the Maldives on 15 March 1968. The main question was whether to convert the state from a constitutional monarchy under Sultan Muhammad Fareed Didi, to a presidential system. The referendum was the third on the subject; the first in 1952 had seen the state convert to a presidential system, whilst a second in 1953 reversed the decision and saw the monarchy restored in 1954.
The proposals were approved by over 80% of voters, and a republic was declared on 11 November that year. Prime Minister Ibrahim Nasir becoming president.

</doc>
<doc id="21583256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583256" title="Norm Rogers (Australian rules footballer)">
Norm Rogers (Australian rules footballer)

Norman Angus "Norm" Rogers (born 7 May 1937) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for East Fremantle in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) during the 1950s and 1960s. 
Rogers was predominantly a defender and spent most of his time across half back. In 1959 he won East Fremantle's 'Best and Fairest' award and was a member of their premiership teams of 1957 and 1965. For his performance in the losing 1964 Grand Final to Claremont, Rogers won a Simpson Medal.
He had a long interstate career with Western Australia and appeared in 27 matches at that level. He was awarded with a spot in the All-Australian team which was named following the conclusion of the 1958 Melbourne Carnival. 
The defender was non playing coach of East Fremantle in 1967 and 1968. He was later named as a half back flanker in the Fremantle Team of Legends.

</doc>
<doc id="21583262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583262" title="Roger Norman">
Roger Norman

Roger Norman is a professional offroad racing competitor. He has raced in numerous off-road circuits, including SCORE International/Tecate Baja series and Best In The Desert (BITD). Recently, Roger purchased the SCORE International series from Sal Fish.
Most recently, he and Larry Roeseler just took home the overall winner and 1st in Class at the Terrible's SCORE Primm 300 in Primm, NV.
Personal life.
Roger Norman was born in Washington. Norman is the husband to Elise Norman. His mother is Fran Muncey and his late stepfather is Bill Muncey. This stepfather is a hall of fame unlimited hydroplane racer who won 62 races and 8 gold cups. Roger's father Don R. Norman had a passion for off-roading and brought Roger into the sport.
Roger began building his construction and real estate business at a young age and moved to Reno, NV.
Racing career.
1990s.
In 1996, Roger entered the Vegas to Reno race with motorcycle icon Chris Haines in a Class 1 car. Their wives were the only pit crew they had. He soon found himself part of Rod Hall’s factory-backed Hummer team in 1998, and by 1999, he and Hall had won the BITD championship.
2000s.
In 2001 Roger won the SCORE International Baja 1000 with Chad Hall in a factory backed Hummer H-1. He claimed a victory in the Wide Open Baja Challenge in 2004 co-driving with Bob Sutton, Rod Millen and actor Paul Newman. That win was repeated in 2005 with Sutton, Millen and Mike “Mouse” McCoy.
In the 2006 BITD Vegas to Reno, he teamed with Reno friend John Harrah in Class 1500 to post a third in class and sixth overall performance - that was exactly 10 years after his first desert race.
2008 marked Norman's first season in the SCORE Trophy Truck division. Roger finished second in the SCORE Trophy Truck points championship with back to back "overall" wins at the SCORE Primm 300 and SCORE Baja 1000.
Norman Motorsports.
Norman started Norman Motorsports as a professional off-road racing team. The fleet consists of 3 racing Trophy Trucks and 2 Trophy Truck Pre-runners.

</doc>
<doc id="21583265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583265" title="Allison Harbour">
Allison Harbour

Allison Harbour, also formerly known as False Bay and False Schooner Passage, is a natural harbour on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, extending north from Queen Charlotte Strait to the southeast of Bramham Island. It is the site of the former post office and steamer landing of Allison Harbour, British Columbia. The Allison Reefs lie in the entrance to the sound; Allison Cone (185m), which is nearby between Shelter Bay and Cape Caution, was named in association with Allison Harbour.
There is no connection to Alison Sound, which is a sidewater of Belize Inlet in the complex of inlets leading out of Seymour Inlet.
Name origin.
The present name was conferred in 1922 in honour of a Mr. Allison, manager of logging operations for the Smith-Dollar Lumber Company, circa 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="21583283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583283" title="Norman McLeod Rogers">
Norman McLeod Rogers

Norman McLeod Rogers, PC (July 25, 1894 – June 10, 1940) was a Canadian lawyer and statesman. He served as the member of parliament for Kingston, Ontario, Canada and as a cabinet minister in the government of Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King. He was also an early biographer of King.
Rogers was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia and served in the military during World War I. He was educated at Acadia University and in 1919 he was elected a Rhodes Scholar. He went to University College, Oxford (University of Oxford), where he was awarded a BA Honours (MA) degree in Modern History, the B.Litt., and the BCL.
Rogers was private secretary to King from 1927 to 1929, then worked as a professor at Queen's University in Kingston. He was elected to the Parliament in 1935, and served under King as Minister of Labour until 1939, and then Minister of National Defence from 1939 until his death in 1940.
Rogers died in a plane crash on June 10, 1940 near Newtonville, Ontario, while en route from Ottawa to Toronto for a speaking engagement. On the day National Defence Minister Rogers died, Canada declared war on Italy.
Prime Minister King took the death of Rogers extremely hard. Rogers was a key Cabinet minister, and close advisor, and Canada was in the midst of World War II. The two men were friendly on a personal basis, and King may have been grooming Rogers to become his successor as prime minister.
Kingston/Norman Rogers Airport is named in his honour, as is a street in Kingston. A Canadian Coast Guard icebreaker was named after him, it has since been sold to Chile and renamed 
Chilean icebreaker Contraalmirante Oscar Viel Toro

</doc>
<doc id="21583294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583294" title="Enzo Gutiérrez">
Enzo Gutiérrez

Enzo Hernán Gutiérrez Lencinas (, born 28 May 1986) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Primera División club Universidad de Chile as forward.
Club career.
Early career.
Gutiérrez was born at Charata, Argentina. He began his career at capital club Boca Juniors, one of most successful club of South America and also in the entire world, where spent here eight years in the football academy, growing up with footballers like Matías Rodríguez and Fernando Gago. He made his Argentine Primera División debut on 11 June 2005 against Arsenal de Sarandí at La Bombonera. Gutiérrez under the orders of Alfio Basile as coach in that season, earned the treble, winning the league title, added to Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana honours.
In January 2007, Gutiérrez joined on loan to Peruvian side Universidad San Martín de Porres, alongside his team-mate and friend Gastón Cellerino, helping the team in achieve Torneo Descentralizado title and his team's qualification to 2008 Copa Libertadores. On 31 December, Enzo momentarily returned to Boca and ended his contract on 31 December.
Rangers.
On 22 January 2008, Cellerino and Enzo joined Chilean Primera División side Rangers, both as a free agents. The players settled in Talca along their families, like when they played in Peru. He made his debut on 1 February in a 1–0 loss with Deportes La Serena at La Portada.
O'Higgins.
Gutiérrez made his debut for O'Higgins against San Luis Quillota, coming off the bench as a substitute in the 73rd minute, replacing to Lucas Ojeda in a 2–1 away victory, and his first goal came on 17 February 2010 in a 1–0 home win over Universidad Católica.
Universidad de Chile.
He joined Club Universidad de Chile during the summer transfer window in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21583295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583295" title="Simon Attias Synagogue">
Simon Attias Synagogue

The Simon Attias Synagogue is a nineteenth-century synagogue in Essaouira, Morocco, formerly known as Mogador, Morocco. It is also known as the Bet Ha-Knesset Simon Attias, M'sod Attias and Shaarei T'filah. The synagogue was built in 1882. 
The synagogue forms one wing of a masonry, courtyard building that also contained the home of Simon Attias. A single, large door set into a Horseshoe arch leads into the suite of buildings. The synagogue is on the second floor. The ground floor once held shops. The third floor contained the offices of Jewish courts, which heard both commercial and personal cases. The synagogue proper is a space two-stories high, with large, rounded-arch windows and a women's gallery.
The interior woodword was carved in London. The large, wooden Torah Ark featured columns and a rounded pediment, and is decorated with floral carvings. A large number of memorial lambs survived in 1993, including one to the memory of Simon Attias, who died in 1892. In 1993 the synagogue was in sound condition. In 2009 it is closed and awaiting possible restoration and conversion to a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21583299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583299" title="Bardach">
Bardach

Bardach is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21583305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583305" title="Kingston/Norman Rogers Airport">
Kingston/Norman Rogers Airport

Kingston Airport or Kingston/Norman Rogers Airport, , is an airport located west of the core of Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
The airport is named after former MP Norman McLeod Rogers (Kingston and the Islands 1935–1940), Minister of Labour and then National Defence in Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King's cabinet. Rogers died in a plane crash on June 10, 1940 while flying from Ottawa to Toronto for a speaking engagement.
History.
Before 1940, Kingston was served only by the Kingston Airfield, a grass strip just north of the city's downtown, which closed in 1942. In 1940, during the Second World War, an airfield was built to the west of Kingston to serve as a training station for the Royal Air Force's No. 31 Service Flying Training School (SFTS). The school provided advanced flight training in Battle and Harvard aircraft. In 1942 the school became part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan (BCATP). The BCATP's No. 14 Service Flying Training School moved to Kingston in 1944 and merged with the RAF school. No. 14 SFTS used Harvards, Yales and Ansons. A decommissioned yellow Harvard aircraft now stands on a pedestal near the airport entrance to commemorate the airport's wartime role. The airport was transferred to city control in 1972.
The airport's runway outline displays the classic BCATP triangle pattern. Originally, the airport had three runways. Later, runway 01/19 was extended northwards to a length of to handle larger aircraft (the prevailing wind is from the south off Lake Ontario), and runway 07/25 was extended northeastwards to a length of nearly . The remaining runway, 12/30, was decommissioned in 2003 and converted to a taxiway.
Operations.
Norman Rogers is a mandatory frequency airport with an operating Flight Service Station. The airport also supports a large amount of general aviation traffic including flight training, and general recreational flying. As one of the only public airports to offer an ILS approach along the corridor between Montreal and Toronto (along with Ottawa), the Kingston airport is an important alternate during poor weather conditions.
The Ontario Fun Flyers flight school and the Kingston Flying Club are also located on the field.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle aircraft with no more than 30 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="21583308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583308" title="Eric Clark">
Eric Clark

Eric Clark is a former Secretary of State of Mississippi. A Democrat, he was elected in 1995 and re-elected in 1999 and 2003. He did not seek reelection in 2007 and was succeeded in office by Republican Delbert Hosemann. 
Clark is a native of Smith County, Mississippi, born in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="21583311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583311" title="Rothmans 50,000">
Rothmans 50,000

The Rothmans 50,000 was a motor race held at the Brands Hatch circuit on August 28, 1972. The race was held to Formula Libre rules and the prize fund amounted to £50,000. Emerson Fittipaldi, driving a Lotus 72 F1 car, won the race from pole, whilst Brian Redman, driving a McLaren M19A F1 car, took second and Henri Pescarolo, driving a March 711 F1 car, finished third.

</doc>
<doc id="21583328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583328" title="Su Mac Lad">
Su Mac Lad

Su Mac Lad (c. 1954 – September 19, 1982) was an American gelding trotter. He reached the peak of his racing career in the 1960s. In 1962, he was harness racing's career money leader and named Harness Horse of the Year. He won the International Trot held at Roosevelt Raceway in both 1961 and 1963, and was recognized in both of those years as trotter of year.
Su Mac Lad was owned by I. W. Berkemeyer of New Milford, New Jersey who purchased the gelding in 1959, and was trained and driven by Stanley Dancer. Su Mac Lad had a distinct lack of classical horseracing pedigree, having been born on a nondescript farm owned by Mrs. Paul Davis, a breeder in Henderson, Illinois. He was sold as a two-year old for $750 and was purchased by Berkemeyer in 1959 for $35,000.
In a six-horse field at the 1961 International Trot, Su Mac Lad, driven by Dancer, finished in a time of 2:34.4 in driving rain and a sloppy track in front of 28,105 racing fans, with the French horse Kracovie in second by what "The New York Times" called "the smallest of noses" with American horse Tie Silk in third. The victory made Su Mac Lad the first American horse to take the title. This was the third annual running of the race, described as having "blossomed into one of the world's blue-ribbon harness racing events".
In the first American sweep in the series, the lightly regarded Tie Silk, who had finished in third the previous year and sixth the year before, won the $50,000 race in front of a crowd of 53,279. Six-year old Tie Silk, driven by Keith Waples, won in a time of 2:34.2, with favorite and returning winner Su Mac Lad in second and world record holder Porterhouse in third.
Su Mac Lad, returned to win the 1963 running of the International Trot in a seven-horse field, before a crowd of 41,197. Driven by Stanley Dancer, Su Mac Lad paid bettors $2.90 to win in tying a world record at the 1¼-mile distance with a time of 2:32.6. The 9-to-20 favorite came in a half-length ahead of Martini II who in turn beat Tie Silk by 7½ lengths. The $25,000 Su Mac Lad took home brought his career winnings to $687,549, the most of any pacer or trotter as of that date.
At the time of his retirement in 1965, Su Mac Lad was the sport's leading career money earner with $885,695 brought in during a total of 151 races, with the horse winning 68 times, coming in second on 32 occasions and taking third 18 times.
Su Mac Lad died at age 28 on September 19, 1982 at Stanley Dancer's farm where he resided following his retirement from professional racing.

</doc>
<doc id="21583335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583335" title="Tropical Storm Olive">
Tropical Storm Olive

The name Olive has been used for a total of eleven tropical cyclones worldwide: one in the Eastern Pacific Ocean, nine in the Western Pacific Ocean, and one in the Southwest Indian Ocean. 
The name "Olive" was used because of the green tint to the atmosphere and precipitation associated with the storm(s).
Eastern Pacific:
Western Pacific:
Southwest Indian Ocean:

</doc>
<doc id="21583340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583340" title="Maldivian constitutional referendum, 1952">
Maldivian constitutional referendum, 1952

A constitutional referendum was held in the Maldives in 1952. The main question was whether to convert the state from a constitutional monarchy under a Sultan, to a presidential system. 
After the death of Sultan Abdul Majeed Didi and his son Prince Hassan Fareed Didi, the members of the country's parliament chose Mohamed Amin Didi to be the next Sultan. However, he stated that "for the sake of the people of Maldives I would not accept the crown and the throne". As a result, a referendum was held on becoming a republic. 
The referendum was successful, and Didi became the country's first president on 1 March 1953. However, just over a year later he was overthrown and following a referendum, the country reverted to monarchy status on 7 March 1954, with Muhammad Fareed Didi as sultan. 
In 1968 a third referendum on the issue was held, resulting in the country becoming a republic for the second time.

</doc>
<doc id="21583441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583441" title="Bristol Media">
Bristol Media

Bristol Media is a support network for the creative and media industries in Bristol. It has over 1700 members across the Animation, TV, Film, Digital, Design, Marketing, Publishing, PR and Music sectors making it one of the biggest creative communities in the UK. 
It is a community interest company (CIC) and is funded by the South West of England Regional Development Agency, Bristol + and Bristol City Council. It also has a small number of private sponsors.
The network's mission is to:
Activities and Projects.
0117 - Made In Bristol.
A 250 page glossy publication profiling some of the city's most innovative creative companies and media entrepreneurs. First launched in December 2007, this publication draws together over 40 profiles and interviews of Bristol's key digital, TV, Music, Film, Animation, Design and Marketing companies and is distributed all over the world to support the raising of the city's international creative profile 
Light Up Bristol.
A weekly event held each December where several of Bristol and Bath's design and digital agencies get together to project specially created festive light, animation and moving image across College Green, Bristol. 
8 high spec projectors are used to throw 400ft images across several buildings in Bristol including the Council House, Bristol and Bristol Cathedral 
In Dec 2007 the team shipped in 4 snow machines which covered the venue in fake snow and on the final night of the festival a live VJ finale was staged by Anti VJ.
South West Top 100 Creative Companies League Table.
In June 2009, Bristol Media launched the first ever round up of all the major TV, digital, animation, publishing, PR, design and marketing companies from across the South West, in one list, ranked by turnover.
The guide revealed that over £0.5 billion of combined turnover was generated by companies that features in the league table, making it one of the region's key business sectors. 
Along with a list of Top 100, the guide also features the most respected companies and the most respected individuals in the region, as voted by all the companies taking part in the survey.
Background.
Bristol Media came out of BRIC (Bristol Interactive Cluster) which launched in 1999 with the objective of bringing Bristol's TV indies closer to emerging digital technologies. Bristol Media was then relaunched in 2005 with a new Chair and a new board.

</doc>
<doc id="21583475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583475" title="Tomoefuji Toshihide">
Tomoefuji Toshihide

Tomoefuji Toshihide (born 27 January 1971 as Toshihide Kurosawa) is a former sumo wrestler from Akita Prefecture, Japan. His highest rank was "komusubi".
Career.
Born in Kazuno, he was scouted by "yokozuna" Chiyonofuji after winning several children's sumo competitions in his native Akita Prefecture. At junior high school he was a rival of the future Wakanohana. He joined Chiyonofuji's Kokonoe stable and made his professional debut in May 1986. He made the "sandanme" division in November 1987 but then missed two tournaments and fell back to the lowest "jonokuchi" division. In July 1988 he won his first (and only) "yusho" or tournament championship in the "jonidan" division with a perfect 7-0 record. He reached the third highest "makushita" division a year later.
While in the "makushita" division he performed the "yumitori-shiki" or bow-twirling ceremony that takes place at the end of every tournament day, from 1989 to 1990. He reached "sekitori" status in July 1990 upon promotion to the "jūryō" division and in January 1991 made his debut in the "makuuchi" top division. He scored ten wins in his debut and was awarded the Fighting Spirit "sansho" or special prize. Tomoefuji seemed to have broken the jinx against performers of the "yumitori-shiki" ceremony having a successful career in sumo.
In May 1992 he became the only "sekitori" in his stable, following the retirements of Hokutoumi and Takanofuji. Just a year earlier the stable had had two "yokozuna", Hokutoumi and Chiyonofuji. Tomoefuji's subsequent career was blighted by injuries. He was involved in a training accident with Akebono shortly before the July 1992 tournament, which led to Akebono having to miss his debut tournament as "ozeki". Tomoefuji made his debut in the "sanyaku" ranks at "komusubi" in that tournament, but had to pull out on the second day. He never managed to return to the rank. Restricted by an injury to his right knee, in September 1993 he was demoted back to the "jūryō" division after a poor 4-11 record. He missed two tournaments in 1994, falling to the bottom of the division, and in May 1995 he lost "sekitori" status altogether after falling back to "makushita". He fought his last competitive match in March 1998. He was still listed on the "banzuke" ranking sheets in September but had fallen to "sandanme" 85, the lowest rank ever recorded by a former "sanyaku" wrestler, upon which he announced his retirement from sumo. He left the Sumo Association upon retiring.
Fighting style.
Tomoefuji's favourite techniques were "hidari-yotsu", (a right hand outside, left hand inside grip on his opponents' "mawashi") "shitatenage", (underarm throw) and "yorikiri" (force out).

</doc>
<doc id="21583552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583552" title="Schooner Channel">
Schooner Channel

Schooner Channel, formerly Schooner Passage, is a strait on the east side of Bramham Island in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.
Nearby, Allison Harbour was formerly known as False Schooner Passage.

</doc>
<doc id="21583563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583563" title="Albert Lawton">
Albert Lawton

Albert Edward Lawton (31 March 1879 – 25 December 1955) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1900 and 1910 and for Lancashire between 1912 and 1914. He captained the Derbyshire team between 1902 and 1905 and also played for London County and MCC.
Early life.
Lawton was born at Dukinfield, Cheshire, the son of John Edward Lawton and his wife Ellen. His father owned a cotton spinning business at Dukinfield and in 1883 Frederic Charles Arkwright brought him to Matlock, Derbyshire to revive Masson Mill to meet the growing market for sewing thread generated by the popularity of sewing machines. Lawton senior built a substantial mansion Woodbank, later Cromford Court, overlooking Masson Mill.
Cricket career.
Lawton made his debut for Derbyshire in the 1900 season and remained with the team until 1910. He also played matches for London County from 1900 to 1903 and for the MCC from 1905 to 1914. Lawton captained Derbyshire between 1902 and 1905, although for part of 1904 Maynard Ashcroft held the captaincy. In 1902 he hit three of his ten first-class centuries, all at Derby. He scored 149 in two and a quarter hours against W.G. Grace's London County, 146 against Hampshire and 126 in just over two hours against Warwickshire. He scored 1,044 runs in the 1902 season with an average of 27.47.
The Lawton family left Matlock around 1910 and Lawton then played for Lancashire from 1912 to 1914. His last significant game was a one-off match for MCC in 1920. Lawton was a right hand batsman who played 314 innings in 182 first class matches. His highest score was 168 and his average 24.78. He was a right arm slow-medium bowler who took 113 wickets with an average of 31.92. While he was captain, Derbyshire ended the season twice at 10th in the table and otherwise 12th and 14th. Wisden described Lawton as "very tall" and a "prodigious hitter".
Lawton died at Manchester aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="21583579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583579" title="Jason Crane">
Jason Crane

Jason Crane (also known by the pseudonym JC2000) is an American drummer and trumpeter notable as a member of Rocket from the Crypt, The Black Heart Procession, and Beehive & the Barracudas.
Musical career.
Crane originally performed as drummer in a band named A Day Called Zero with bassist Tobias Christensen and singer/guitarist/pianist Josh Quon. The band had one release on local label Gravity Records. Crane joined Rocket from the Crypt in 1992 as trumpeter under the pseudonym JC 2000, shortly after the release of their second album "". The album attracted the attention of major record labels and led to a recording contract with Interscope Records. He also performed in a side project named Rice with Rocket from the Crypt saxophonist Paul O'Beirne (Apollo 9). The group, a hardcore punk band with a horn section, also included Carlos Cañedo, Dustin "Dirty" Milsap, and Jason Soares. They sang songs about rice and released one album, "Fuck You, This Is Rice", on Lookout! Records in 1992. In 1994 Crane began participating in a side project with Rocket from the Crypt singer/guitarist John Reis called Back Off Cupids. Crane played drums on most of the group's material, which was recorded intermittently from 1994 to 1999 and released in 2000 as an eponymous album.
In 1995 Rocket from the Crypt had a trio of releases: "The State of Art is on Fire", "Hot Charity", and "Scream, Dracula, Scream!" They filmed several music videos, toured internationally, and experienced a surge of popularity in the United Kingdom. In 1997 Crane reunited with Tobias Christensen in The Black Heart Procession, which also included drummer Mario Rubalcaba. He also reunited with Carlos Cañedo and Dustin Milsap in Beehive & the Barracudas, which also included Rocket from the Crypt guitarist Andy Stamets. Another side project called Loader brought together former members of A Day Called Zero and Rice, including Crane (on drums), Milsap, Jason Soares, and Josh Quon. Finally, the instrumental band Stacatto Reads included Crane on trumpet and drums along with Milsap, Soares, and John Reis.
In 1998 Rocket from the Crypt released "RFTC", but Interscope turned their attention to higher-grossing acts and the band soon left the label. This was followed by the departure of longtime drummer Adam Willard from the group in early 2000. They soon regrouped, signing to Vagrant Records and bringing in Mario Rubalcaba as their new drummer. Crane continued to record and perform with Rocket from the Crypt, who released "Group Sounds" in 2001 and "Live from Camp X-Ray" in 2002. The group disbanded after playing their final performance on Halloween 2005, which was recorded and later released as "R.I.P."
Discography.
This section lists albums and EPs on which Crane has performed. For a more complete listing, see the Rocket from the Crypt discography. 

</doc>
<doc id="21583583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583583" title="Eastern Conference (RHI)">
Eastern Conference (RHI)

The Eastern Conference was one of two conferences in Roller Hockey International (RHI) used to divide teams. Its counterpart was the Western Conference.
It was created in 1994 when RHI doubled in size after its first series of expansion and realigned its teams into two conferences and four divisions.
Divisions.
Prior to the 1994 realignment, Roller Hockey International divided its teams into only three divisions and no conferences. From 1994 through 1996, the Eastern Conference was divided into the Atlantic Division and the Central Division, which were both successors to the Murphy Division. Starting in 1997, the conferences had no divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="21583594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583594" title="Na Gruagaichean">
Na Gruagaichean

Na Gruagaichean is a Scottish mountain lying between Glen Nevis to the North and the village of Kinlochleven to the South in the Mamores mountain range in the Highlands, Scotland.
Overview.
Na Gruagaichean is a Munro reaching a height of 1,056 m (3,465 ft) which makes it the 74th highest in the Munro classification and is located at the Eastern end of the Mamores range. Views of the summit are clear from the village and from the B863 road from Glencoe to Kinlochleven except when the peak is shrouded in year-round mist. The mountain is one of the most accessible from the village due in part to its relatively close proximity and well defined path leading most of the way to the summit.
Geography.
The mountain lies four kilometres north north-east of the village of Kinlochleven. The mountain is double topped at the intersection of three ridges, the South top being the higher and therefore the summit. The narrow North-East ridge connects to Binnein Mor via a minor top (1062m) and the narrow West-North-West ridge connects to Stob Coire a' Chàirn (981m) where a path ascends from Coire na Bà. The third South ridge leads to steep slopes overlooking Kinlochleven which provides excellent views of the village and the area. The mountain has a stony and, in places, craggy summit which gives great views of surrounding mountains such as Ben Nevis and Binnein Mor.
Ascents.
Ascent up towards Na Gruagaichean usually starts at sea level in Kinlochleven, however it is possible to start by driving to Mamore Lodge and parking at the car park which saves 200m of ascent. From there it is usually climbed using the old stalkers path heading north away from the village before eventually turning east towards the summit. The mountain can also be climbed from Glen Nevis in conjunction with Binnein Beag and Binnein Mor as a ridge walk or a part as the challenging Ring of Steall ridge walk.
Folk Tale.
told in Gaelic and English about Na Gruagaichean or The Maidens.
Bha uair-eigin a’fuireachd an Callairt duin’-uasal a bha ‘na shealgair fhiadh ro ainmeil…
There once lived in Callart a gentleman who was a very famous deer hunter. He had a greyhound the equal of which was not then to be found in Lochaber; but, like his master, he was growing old and losing his speed.
One day in Autumn the gentleman, followed by his old greyhound, ascended the hill above Kinloch More to chase the deer. He reached the corries he used to frequent; but though he saw herd after herd of them and followed them all day long, he never got near enough to shoot an arrow or to slip the dog after them. At length, when the sun was slipping down in the west, he came upon a fine-full grown stag all by himself, and he slipped the dog in pursuit of him. The dog stretched away with all his might, and at first was gaining on the stag, but as soon as the stag laid his antlers down over his shoulders, and lifted his nostrils in the air, the dog began to fall behind, and soon lost sight of him altogether.
Wearied and vexed, the gentleman sat down on a green hillock in a deep glen between two lofty mountains. He was not long there when two maidens of fairest form and mien stood before him, one of them holding a noble dog on a leash. The other was the first to speak, and she said:
“You are tired, hunter of the deer,” said she, “and vexed because the old dog has allowed the big stag to escape.”
”I am tired, indeed, and grieved, that the grey dog’s best days have passed,” answered the hunter.
“Courage, and take this dog with you,” said the second maiden, “and there is not a four-hoofed creature on the face of the earth, from the little hare to the full-antlered stag, but he will catch, and bring to you.”
“What is his name?” asked the hunter.
She replied that it was Brodum. He took the leash out of her hand, and thanked her for the dog. He then bade farewell to herself and her companion, and went away home.
As soon as he rose the next day, he brought everyone in the house out with him, and after turning his face towards the two mountains between which he had seen the maidens, he said: “Do you see yonder two mountains opposite you? From henceforth, remember that you are to call them the Maidens,” and that is what they are called to the present day.
The dog followed the gentleman as long as he lived, Never was a leather strap placed on a better dog. Whatever he was asked to do he did, and no creature he was sent after but he caught. And there was no man living he would follow, or answer, save his master.
When his master died he lost heart. He followed the funeral as far as the ravine between Callart and the next farm; but he stopped there and descended the ravine where he was seen entering a cave, out of which he never returned. His name is preserved in the names of these two places; for they are still called Brodum’s Ravine and Brodum’s Cave.

</doc>
<doc id="21583613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583613" title="List of Irish Presbyteries">
List of Irish Presbyteries

Congregations of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland are grouped into 19 presbyteries throughout the island of Ireland. The chief officers within a presbytery are the moderator who acts as chairman, and the clerk who acts as secretary to the presbytery. Whilst the Moderator is usually a yearly rotating position and somewhat honorific the clerk may be the clerk for many years. This page includes a list of all 19 presbyteries and their constituent congregations. 
Ards.
Ballyblack, Ballygilbert, Ballygrainey, Ballyholme, Ballywalter, Bangor - First, Bangor - St. Andrew’s, Bangor - Hamilton Road, Bangor - Trinity, Bangor - West, Carrowdore & Ballyfrenis, Conlig, Donaghadee - First, Donaghadee - Shore Street, Glastry, Trinity Greyabbey, Groomsport, Helen’s Bay, Kircubbin, Millisle & Ballycopeland, Newtownards - First, Newtownards - Second, Newtownards - Greenwell St., Newtownards - Regent St., Newtownards - Scrabo, Newtownards - Strean, Portaferry, Lisnabreen, Kilcooley, Ballycrochan, Movilla, Cloughey, Portavogie.
Armagh.
Ahorey, Armagh - First Armagh - Mall, Armaghbrague, Belville, Benburb, Caledon, Cladymore, Clare, Craigavon, Drumhillery, Drumminis, Keady - First, Keady - Second, Knappagh, Lislooney, Loughgall, Lurgan - First, Lurgan - Hill Street, Middletown, Minterburn, Moy, Portadown - First, Portadown - Armagh Road, Redrock, Richhill, Tartaraghan, Tassagh, Vinecash, Waringstown.
Ballymena.
Ahoghill - First, Ahoghill - Trinity, Ahoghill - Brookside, Ballymena - First, Ballymena - High Kirk, Ballymena - West Church, Ballymena - Wellington, Ballymena - Harryville, Ballymena - Ballyloughan, Ballymena - Ballykeel, Ballymena - Ballee, Broughshane - First, Broughshane - Second, Buckna, Cairnalbana, Carnlough/Cushendall, Churchtown, Clough, Cloughwater, Connor, Cullybackey - Cuningham Memorial, Eskylane, Glenarm, Glenwherry, Grange, Kells, Killymurris, Newtowncrommelin, Portglenone - First, Portglenone - Third, Rasharkin.
North Belfast.
Abbot's Cross, Alexandra, Ballygomartin, Ballyhenry, Ballysillan, Carnmoney, Crumlin Road, Eglinton, Fortwilliam, Glengormley, Immanuel, Nelson Memorial, Newington, Rathcoole, Rosemary, Seaview, Sinclair Seamens, West Kirk, Whiteabbey, Whitehouse, Woodvale, Abbey- Monkstown, New Mossley.
South Belfast.
Ballycairn, Belvoir, Berry Street, Cooke Centenary, Dunmurry, Finaghy - Lowe Memorial, Fisherwick, Fitzroy, Great Victoria Street, Kilmakee, Malone, May Street, McCracken Memorial, Newtownbreda, Richview, Saintfield Road, Taughmonagh, Townsend Street, Windsor.
East Belfast.
Belmont, Bloomfield, Castlereagh, Cregagh, Dundonald, Dundonald - Christ Church, Garnerville, Gilnahirk, Granshaw, Holywood - First, Holywood - High Street, Kirkpatrick Memorial, Knock, Mersey Street, Mountpottinger, McQuiston Memorial, Orangefield, Ravenhill, St. Andrew's, Stormont, Strand, Tullycarnet, Westbourne.
Carrickfergus.
Ballycarry, Ballyclare, Ballylinney, Ballynure, Cairncastle, Carrickfergus - First, Carrickfergus, Joymount, Carrickfergus - Woodlands, Carrickfergus - Downshire, Greenisland, Islandmagee - First, Islandmagee - Second, Larne - First, Larne - Gardenmore, Larne - Craigy Hill, Loughmorne, Magheramorne, Raloo, Whitehead, Woodburn.
Coleraine and Limavady.
Aghadowey, Ballyrashane, Ballywatt, Ballywillan, Balteagh, Banagher, Boveedy, Bovevagh, Castlerock, Coleraine - First, Coleraine - Terrace Row, Coleraine - New Row, Coleraine - Hazelbank, Coleraine - Ballysally, Crossgar, Derramore, Dunboe - First, Dunboe - Second, Dungiven, Drumachose, Garvagh - First, Garvagh - Main Street, Killaig, Kilrea - First, Kilrea - Second, Largy, Limavady - First, Limavady - Second, Macosquin, Magilligan, Moneydig, Myroe, Portrush, Portstewart, Portstewart - Burnside, Ringsend.
Derry and Donegal.
Ballyarnett, Ballykelly, Ballylennon, Burt, Carndonagh, Carnone, Carrigart, Convoy, Cumber, Cumber - Upper, Crossroads, Derry - First & Claremont, Derry - Second (Strand & Buncrana), Derry - Carlisle Road, Derry - Ebrington, Derry - Kilfennan, Derry - Waterside, Donagheady, Donegal, Donemana, Donoughmore, Dunfanaghy, Fahan, Fannet, Faughanvale, Glendermott, Gortnessy, Greenbank, Inch, Kilmacrennan, Knowhead, Leckpatrick, Letterkenny - Trinity, Magheramason, Malin, Milford, Monreagh, Moville, Newtowncunningham, Ramelton, Raphoe, Rathmullan, Ray, St Johnston, Strabane, Stranorlar, Trenta.
Down.
Ardglass, Ballygowan, Ballynahinch - First, Ballynahinch - Edengrove, Boardmills - Trinity, Carryduff, Clough, Comber - First, Comber - Second, Downpatrick, Killinchy, Killyleagh - First, Killyleagh - Second, Kilmore, Lissara, Magherahamlet, Raffrey, Saintfield - First, Saintfield - Second, Seaforde, Spa.
Dromore.
Anahilt, Ballinderry, Cargycreevy, Dromara - First, Dromara - Second, Dromore - First, Dromore - Banbridge Road, Drumbo, Drumlough, Harmony Hill, Hillhall, Hillsborough, Legacurry, Lisburn - First, Lisburn - Railway Street, Lisburn - Sloan Street, Lisburn - St. Columba's, Lisburn - Elmwood, Loughaghery, Magheragall, Maze, Moira.
Dublin/Munster.
Aghada, Arklow, Athy, Blackrock - St. Andrew's, Bray, Cahir, Carlow, Corboy, Cork - Trinity, Drogheda, Dublin - Abbey, Dublin - Adelaide Road, Dublin - Clontarf & Scots, Dublin - Rathgar (Christ Church), Dublin - Sandymount (Christ Church), Dun Laoghaire, Donabate, Enniscorthy, Fermoy, Galway, Greystones, Howth & Malahide, Kilkenny, Limerick - Christ Church, Lucan, Maynooth, Mountmellick, Mullingar, Naas, Tullamore, Wexford.
Iveagh.
Anaghclone, Ballydown, Ballyroney, Banbridge - Bannside, Banbridge - Scarva Street, Castlewellan, Clonduff, Donacloney, Donaghmore, Drumgooland, Drumlee, Garvaghy, Gilford, Glascar, Hilltown, Katesbridge, Kilkinamurry, Leitrim, Loughbrickland, Magherally, Newcastle, Newmills, Rathfriland - First, Rathfriland - Second & Third, Scarva, Tandragee, Tullylish.
Monaghan.
Bailieborough - First, Bailieborough - Trinity, Ballina, Ballyalbany, Ballybay - First, Ballybay - Second, Ballyhobridge, Ballymote, Bellasis, Boyle, Carlingford, Castlebellingham, Castleblayney - First, Cavan, Clones, Clontibret, Cootehill, Corraneary, Corvalley, Drum, Drumkeen, Drumkeeran, Dundalk, Ervey, Frankford, Glennan, Kells, Killala, Killeshandra, Kilmount, Monaghan - First, Newbliss, Rockcorry, Sligo, Smithborough, Stonebridge.
Newry.
Annalong, Bessbrook, Brookvale, Clarkesbridge & First Newtownnhamilton, Creggan, Cremore, Drumbanangher - First & Jerrettspass, Fourtowns, Garmany's Grove, Kilkeel, Kilkeel - Mourne, Markethill, McKelvey's Grove, Mountnorris, Newry - First (Sandys Street), Newry - Downshire Road, Newtownhamilton - Second, Poyntzpass, Rostrevor, Ryans, Tullyallen, Tyrone's Ditches, Warrenpoint.
Omagh.
Ardstraw, Aughentaine, Aughnacloy, Badoney, Ballygawley, Ballymagrane, Ballynahatty & Creevan, Ballyreagh, Castlederg - First, Castlederg - Second, Cavanaleck, Clogher, Clogherney, Corrick, Dromore, Drumlegagh, Drumquin, Douglas, Edenderry, Enniskillen, Fintona, Gillygooley, Glenelly, Glenhoy, Gortin, Irvinestown, Killeter, Lisbellaw, Lisnaskea, Maguiresbridge, Mountjoy, Newtownbutler, Newtownstewart, Omagh - First, Omagh - Trinity, Pettigo, Seskinore, Sion, Sixmilecross, Tempo, Urney.
Route.
Armoy, Ballycastle, Ballymoney - First, Ballymoney - Trinity, Ballymoney - St. James's, Ballyweaney, Bushmills, Bushvale, Croaghmore, Dervock, Dromore, Drumreagh, Dunluce, Dunloy, Finvoy, Garryduff, Kilraughts - First, Mosside, Ramoan, Roseyards, Toberdoney, Toberkeigh.
Templepatrick.
Antrim - First, Antrim - High Street, Antrim - Greystone Road, Ballyeaston - First, Ballyeaston - Second, Crumlin, Donegore - First, Donegore - Second, Dundrod, Duneane, Hydepark, Kilbride, Killead, Loanends, Lylehill, Muckamore, Randalstown - First, Randalstown - Old Congregation, Randalstown - Second, Templepatrick.
Tyrone.
Albany, Ballygoney, Bellaghy, Brigh, Carland, Castlecaulfield, Castledawson, Claggan, Clonaneese Lower, Clonaneese Upper, Coagh, Cookstown - First, Cookstown - Molesworth, Culnady, Curran, Draperstown, Dungannon, Eglish, Knockcloghrim, Lecumpher, Maghera, Magherafelt - First, Magherafelt - Union Road, Moneymore - First, Moneymore - Second, Newmills, Orritor, Pomeroy, Saltersland, Sandholes, Stewartstown, Swatragh, Tobermore.

</doc>
<doc id="21583615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583615" title="Western Conference (RHI)">
Western Conference (RHI)

The Western Conference was one of two conferences in Roller Hockey International (RHI) used to divide teams. Its counterpart was the Eastern Conference.
It was created in 1994 when RHI doubled in size after its first series of expansion and realigned its teams into two conferences and four divisions.
Divisions.
Prior to the 1994 realignment, Roller Hockey International divided its teams into only three divisions and no conferences. From 1994 through 1996, the Western Conference comprised teams divided into two divisions: Northwest Division and Pacific Division. Starting in 1997 the conferences had no divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="21583644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583644" title="JFHS">
JFHS

JFHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21583682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583682" title="Kuzyaka, Kangal">
Kuzyaka, Kangal

Kuzyaka (also known as Karasüver) is a village in the Kangal district of Sivas Province, Turkey. It is 35 km away from the central town of Kangal.

</doc>
<doc id="21583786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583786" title="Bramham Island">
Bramham Island

Bramham Island is an island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of the entrance to that strait. It lies in the entrance to the maze of waterways inland to the northeast, focussed on Seymour Inlet, which includes Belize Inlet and Allison Harbour and Nugent Sound, though it is flanked only by Slingsby Channel, on its north, and by Schooner Channel (formerly Schooner Passage) on its east. To its west is the open waters at the mergence of Queen Charlotte Sound and Queen Charlotte Strait. The island is approximately 23 km2 in size and is mostly low-lying hills and includes a number of freshwater lakes.
Bramham Island was also the name of a former post office at , though there has been no settlement at that location since 1923.
Name origin.
the island was named c. 1866 by Captain Pender of the Royal Navy after Bramham Park, the Yorkshire home of George Lane-Fox, in association with Slingsby Channel and the Fox Islands. "Park ...A battle was fought in this neighborhood in 1408, which subsequently secured the Crown of England to Henry IV."

</doc>
<doc id="21583840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583840" title="Qarnayel">
Qarnayel

Qarnayel(Arabic: قرنايل) is a town and municipality in Baabda District (Arabic:قضاء بعبدا), Lebanon, part of the Mount Lebanon Governorate (Arabic: محافظة جبل لبنان). The village is located between 1100–1250 metres above sea level in the western steep slopes of Mount Lebanon, in the upper Matn District (Al Matn al A'la)(Arabic: المتن الأعلى) section, 36 Kilometers to the east of Beirut بيروت. The village has a population of nearly 4,500 inhabitants .
With one public high school and another public elementary junior high school, Qarnayel attracts students from neighboring villages.
The main attraction of Qarnayel is its natural beauty and location giving a spectacular 360 degree view to the western sections of el Matn, and glimpse of Beirut and the Mediterranean sea. Many grottos are located in the steep pine-clad slopes above the town, giving visitors and hikers superb views westwards.
The town is a major source of pine nuts due to stone pine (Pinus pinea) woods covering the area. Further Qarnayel produces a good variety of fruits and vegetables.
Coke and iron were mined during the 19th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="21583853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583853" title="N.A.S.A. (musical group)">
N.A.S.A. (musical group)

N.A.S.A. is a hip hop music duo, consisting of L.A.-based producers Squeak E. Clean and the Brazilian DJ Zegon. N.A.S.A. stands for North America/South America and, in addition to the two principals, includes approximately three dozen other artists from both coasts of the U.S. and abroad.
Early History.
In April 2003, Sam and Ze met at a friend's studio and began making music together the following day.
At first they sampled rare Brazilian records from the 1960s and 1970s to make tracks. However, what started as two crate diggers making music for the fun of it soon developed into something much larger. Having forged a strong friendship through their passion for music, Sam and Ze decided to make a record with all of their heroes and favorite musicians.
Concept/Formation.
Sam and Ze's idea was to bring people from different worlds together through their shared inspiration and love of music. Thus N.A.S.A. was born, with unlikely collaborations like Ol' Dirty Bastard, Karen O, and Fatlip on one track, George Clinton and Chali 2na on another, as well as Tom Waits and Kool Keith on yet another.
Soon Sam and Ze realized they could expand the concept to encompass an entire record. The idea is to ignore all of the boundaries and borders that are in place to keep people divided, such as musical genre, race, politics, geography, language, etc. As a result, they gathered perhaps the most eclectic collection of musicians ever assembled on one album in the hope that they can show, through music, that all those superficial divisions are an illusion.
N.A.S.A. strives to prove that we are all one race of human beings interested in collaboration and unity by ignoring preconceptions, and transcending genre definitions.

</doc>
<doc id="21583857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583857" title="Martin Raška">
Martin Raška

Martin Raška (born 31 January 1977) is a Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for Michalovce.

</doc>
<doc id="21583888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583888" title="Soviet re-occupation of Latvia in 1944">
Soviet re-occupation of Latvia in 1944

The Soviet re-occupation of Latvia in 1944 refers to the re-occupation of Latvia by the Soviet Union from 1944 to 1991. Army Group Centre was in tatters, and the northern edge of the Soviet assault threatened to trap Army Group North in a pocket in the Kurland region. Panzers of Hyazinth Graf Strachwitz von Gross-Zauche und Camminetz had been sent back to the capital of Ostland, Riga and in ferocious defensive battles had halted the Soviet advance in late April 1944. Strachwitz had been needed elsewhere, and was soon back to acting as the Army Group's fire brigade. Strachwitz's Panzerverband was broken up in late July. By early August, the Soviets were again ready to attempt to cut off Army Group North from Army Group Centre.
Battle of the Baltic.
A massive Soviet assault sliced through the German lines and Army Group North was completely isolated from its neighbour. Strachwitz was trapped outside the pocket, and "Panzerverband von Strachwitz" was reformed, this time from elements of the 101st Panzer Brigade of panzer-ace Oberst Meinrad von Lauchert and the newly formed SS Panzer Brigade Gross under SS-Sturmbannführer Gross. Inside the trapped pocket, the remaining panzers and StuG IIIs of the "Hermann von Salza" and the last of Jähde's Tigers were formed into another Kampfgruppe to attack from the inside of the trap. On 19 August 1944, the assault, which had been dubbed "Unternehmen Doppelkopf" (Operation Doppelkopf) got underway. It was preceded by a bombardment by the cruiser Prinz Eugen's 203mm guns, which destroyed forty-eight T-34s assembling in the square at Tukums. Strachwitz and the "Nordland" remnants meet on the 21st, and contact was restored between the army groups. The 101.Panzerbrigade was now assigned to the army detachment "Narwa active at the Emajõgi River Front, bolstering the defenders' armour strength. Disaster had been averted, but the warning was clear. Army Group North was extremely vulnerable to being cut off. In 1944, the Red Army lifted the siege of Leningrad and re-conquered the Baltic area along with much of Ukraine and Belarus. 
However, some 200,000 German troops held out in Courland along with Latvian forces resisting Soviet reoccupation. They were besieged with their backs to the Baltic Sea. The Red Army mounted numerous offensives at massive losses but failed to take the Courland Pocket. Colonel-General Heinz Guderian, the Chief of the German General Staff insisted to Adolf Hitler that the troops in Courland should be evacuated by sea and used for the defence of the Third Reich; however, Hitler refused and ordered the German forces in Courland to hold out. He believed them necessary to protect German submarine bases along the Baltic coast. 
On January 15, 1945, Army Group Courland ("Heeresgruppe Kurland") was formed under Colonel-General Dr. Lothar Rendulic. Until the end of the war, Army Group Courland (including divisions such as the Latvian Freiwiliger SS Legion) successfully defended the Latvian peninsula. It held out until May 8, 1945, when it surrendered under Colonel-General Carl Hilpert, the army group's last commander. He surrendered to Marshal Leonid Govorov, the commander of opposing Soviet forces on the Courland perimeter. At this time the group still consisted of some 31 divisions of varying strength. After May 9, 1945 approximately 203,000 troops of Army Group Courland began moving to Soviet prison camps in the East. The Soviet Union reoccupied Latvia as part of the Baltic Offensive in 1944, a twofold military-political operation to rout German forces and the "liberation of the Soviet Baltic peoples" beginning in summer-autumn 1944, lasting until the capitulation of German and Latvian forces in Courland pocket in May 1945, and they were gradually absorbed into Soviet Union. After World War II, as part of the goal to more fully integrate Baltic countries into the Soviet Union, mass deportations were concluded in the Baltic countries and the policy of encouraging Soviet immigration to Latvia continued. On January 12, 1949 the Soviet Council of Ministers issued a decree "on the expulsion and deportation" from Latvia of "all kulaks and their families, the families of bandits and nationalists", and others. More than 200,000 people are estimated to have been deported from the Baltic in 1940–1953. In addition, at least 75,000 were sent to Gulag. 10 percent of the entire adult Baltic population was deported or sent to labor camps. Many soldiers evaded capture and joined the Latvian national partisans' resistance that waged unsuccessful guerilla warfare for several years.
Wartime expediency.
The precedent under international law established by the earlier-adopted Stimson Doctrine, as applied to the Baltics in U.S. Under Secretary of State Sumner Welles's declaration of July 23, 1940, defined the basis for non-recognition of the Soviet Union's forcible incorporation of Latvia. Despite Welles's statement, the Baltics soon reprised their centuries-long role as pawns in the conflicts of larger powers. After visiting Moscow in the winter of 1941–1942, British Foreign Minister Anthony Eden already advocated sacrificing the Baltics to secure Soviet cooperation in the war. The British ambassador to the U.S., Lord Halifax, reported, "Mr. Eden cannot incur the danger of antagonizing Stalin, and the British War Cabinet have... agree to negotiate a treaty with Stalin, which will recognize the 1940 frontiers of the Soviet Union." By 1943 Roosevelt had also consigned the Baltics and Eastern Europe to Stalin. Meeting with Archbishop Spellman in New York on September 3, U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt stated, "The European people will simply have to endure Russian domination, in the hope that in ten or twenty years they will be able to live well with the Russians." Meeting with Stalin in Tehran on December 1, Roosevelt "said that he fully realized the three Baltic Republics had in history and again more recently been part of Russia and jokingly added, that when the Soviet armies re-occupied these areas, he did not intend to go to war with the Soviet Union on this point." A month later, Roosevelt related to Otto von Habsburg that he had told the Russians they could take over and control Romania, Bulgaria, Bukovina, Eastern Poland, Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia, and Finland. The future was sealed when on October 9, 1944 Churchill met with Stalin in Moscow and penciled out the post-war state of Europe. Churchill recounts: "At length I said, 'Might it not be thought rather cynical if it seemed that we had disposed of these issues, so fateful to millions of people, in such an offhand manner? Let us burn the paper.' — 'No, you keep it,' said Stalin." The February 1945 Yalta Conference, widely ascribed as determining the future of Europe, essentially codified Churchill's and Roosevelt's prior private commitments to Stalin not to interfere in Soviet control of Eastern Europe.
Treaties the USSR signed between 1940 and 1945.
The Soviet Union joined the Atlantic Charter of August 14, 1941 by resolution, signed in London on September 24, 1941. Resolution affirmed:
Most importantly, Stalin personally reaffirmed the principles of the Atlantic Charter on November 6, 1941:
Soon thereafter, the Soviet Union signed the Declaration by United Nations of January 1, 1942, which again confirmed adherence to the Atlantic Charter.
The Soviet Union signed the Yalta Declaration on Liberated Europe of February 4–11, 1945, in which Stalin, Churchill, and Roosevelt jointly declare for the reestablishment of order in Europe according to the principle of the Atlantic Charter "the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live, the restoration of sovereign rights and self-government to those peoples who have been forcibly deprived of them by the aggressor nations." The Yalta declaration further states that "to foster the conditions in which the liberated peoples may exercise these rights, the three governments will join ... among others to facilitate where necessary the holding of free elections."
Finally, the Soviet Union signed the Charter of the United Nations on October 24, 1945, which in Article I Part 2 states that one of the "purposes of the United Nations is to develop friendly relations among nations based on "respect for the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples"."
Latvian losses.
World War II losses in Latvia were among the highest in Europe. Estimates of population loss stand at 30% for Latvia. War and occupation deaths have been estimated at 180,000 in Latvia. These include the Soviet deportations in 1941, the German deportations, and Holocaust victims.

</doc>
<doc id="21583933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583933" title="Fox Islands (British Columbia)">
Fox Islands (British Columbia)

The Fox Islands are a small group of islands in the entrance to Slingsby Channel in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada. Slingsby Channel lies along the north flank of Bramham Island and is one of only two waterways connecting to Seymour Inlet and its side-inlets, which form a maze of inlets within the nearby mainland; the other, on the east side of Bramham, is Schooner Channel (formerly Schooner Passage).
Name origin.
The Fox Islands, Slingsby Channel and Bramham Island are all named in association with Bramham Park, the Yorkshire home of George Lane-Fox,

</doc>
<doc id="21583938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583938" title="Lesław Bartelski">
Lesław Bartelski

Lesław Bartelski (September 8, 1920 – March 27, 2006) was a Polish writer, perhaps best known for his work, "Warsaw Ghetto Thermopolye" and his novel "The Blood-stained Wings".
Early life.
Bartelski was born in Warsaw, where he spent most of his life. During World War II, he was member of the Polish resistance (1941–1945), fighting against Nazi occupation. During the war, he wrote for the underground magazine "Sztuka i Naród" (Art and Nation), beginning his literary career. In 1944, as a member of the Home Army he fought in the Warsaw Uprising.
Literary career.
After the war, Bartelski studied law at Warsaw University, and began a writing career. He was active in a large number of organizations, including Polish Writer's Association (where he served as the Chair of its Warsaw branch from 1972 to 1978). Over his career, he won numerous awards for his work, including the Prize of Minister of Defense (2nd class) in 1969, Pietrzak Prize in 1969 and 1985, Warsaw Prize in 1969, Prize of Minister Culture and Art (1st class) in 1977, Prize of president of Warsaw in 1990 and Reymont Prize in 1988 

</doc>
<doc id="21583953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583953" title="William Temple Thomson Mason">
William Temple Thomson Mason

William Temple Thomson Mason (July 24, 1782–1862) was a prominent Virginia farmer and businessman.
Early life.
William Temple Thomson Mason was born on July 24, 1782 at Raspberry Plain. "Temple", as he was known by his family, was Thomson Mason's third child and youngest son with his second wife Elizabeth Westwood Wallace. He was named after his father’s cousin, Sir William Temple, in England. While still in his infancy, Temple's father died on February 26, 1785 and he was left in the care of his mother and older half-brothers.
At the age of 19, Temple was sent to the College of William and Mary to obtain a gentleman’s education. He spent two years at the college, graduating in 1803. Having reached the age of 21, Temple received a parcel of land in northern Loudoun County near Leesburg not far from Raspberry Plain, the house in which he grew up. According to Thomson Mason’s last will and testament, recorded in Stafford County on September 26, 1784, he bequeathed to Temple, his brother Westwood Thomson Mason and their half-brother, Abram Barnes Thomson Mason, several hundred acres of land along the Potomac River. On November 29, 1803, at the Loudoun County Courthouse in Leesburg, the three brothers filed a document in which they partitioned the land, with Temple receiving .
Family and career.
Temple Mason built his home, Temple Hill, in the Federal style between 1810 and 1812. On June 16, 1812, Temple married Ann Eliza Carroll, daughter of Nicholas Maccubbin Carroll and Anne Jennings, in Annapolis, Maryland. Their first child, Temple Anna, was born at Temple Hall in 1813.
Temple Mason not only oversaw the management of his prosperous Temple Hall farm, but also became involved in the community life of Leesburg. He served as a vestryman at St. James Episcopal Church and oversaw the polls during elections in Loudoun County. As a mark of his increased social standing in the community, Temple's estate became a hub of Leesburg society and was visited by Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette during his grand tour of the United States on August 9, 1825. Lafayette was accompanied by President John Quincy Adams and former President James Monroe, who was then residing at his Oak Hill plantation in southern Loudoun County. The three gentlemen witnessed the baptism of Mason's two youngest daughters at Temple Hall with Lafayette serving as godfather for Mary Carroll, and Adams and Monroe serving as Maria Louisa’s godfathers.
Later life.
On January 2, 1857, six years after the death of his wife, and at the age of 75, Temple sold Temple Hall to Henry A. Ball for the sum of $50,000 and retired to
Georgetown in Washington, D.C. Temple Mason died in 1862 and was interred in the Old Episcopal Churchyard in Leesburg.
Children.
Temple and his wife Ann had at least eleven children:
Relations.
William Temple Thomson Mason was a nephew of George Mason (1725–1792); son of Thomson Mason (1733–1785); half-brother of Stevens Thomson Mason (1760–1803) and John Thomson Mason (1765–1824); first cousin of George Mason V (1753–1796); first cousin once removed of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–1838), George Mason VI (1786–1834), Richard Barnes Mason (1797–1850), and James Murray Mason (1798–1871); uncle of Armistead Thomson Mason (1787–1819), John Thomson Mason (1787–1850), and John Thomson Mason, Jr. (1815–1873); and great uncle of Stevens Thomson Mason (1811–1843).

</doc>
<doc id="21583986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21583986" title="Atlantic Division (RHI)">
Atlantic Division (RHI)

RHI's Atlantic Division was formed in 1994 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Murphy Division.

</doc>
<doc id="21584019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584019" title="Slingsby Channel">
Slingsby Channel

Slingsby Channel is a strait on the north side of Bramham Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia. It is one of only two entrances to Seymour Inlet and the associated maze of waterways inland, which lie to the northeast of Bramham. The other entrance is Schooner Channel, formerly Schooner Passage, on the east side of that island. 
The Fox Islands, which lie in its entrance, Bramham Island and the channel itself, plus Slingsby Rock and Slingsby Point, are named in association with Bramham Park, the Yorkshire home of George Lane-Fox. 
Through the Slingsby Channel flows the world's strongest current, the Nakwakto Rapids, that has been measured at speeds up to 18.4 miles per hour. The current is so fast at times, that people have tied a rope to Turret Rock, which is located right in the middle of the rapids, and then water-skied.

</doc>
<doc id="21584035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584035" title="Argentine CID card">
Argentine CID card

The Matricula Consular is the name Argentina uses for its consular identification (CID) card. The term is also used by other Spanish speaking countries, such as the Mexican CID.
According to the Argentine Consulate in Los Angeles, CID cards have a lot of benefits for Argentine citizens. It is impossible to deport a CID card holder. Moreover, it can be used to board airplanes, gain access to banking, credits, libraries, municipal programs and funerals.

</doc>
<doc id="21584065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584065" title="Dallas Trahern">
Dallas Trahern

Dallas Neal Trahern (born November 29, 1985) is a professional baseball pitcher, who is currently a free agent.
Trahern was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 34th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. He traded with Burke Badenhop, Eulogio De La Cruz, Cameron Maybin, Andrew Miller, and Mike Rabelo to Florida for Miguel Cabrera and Dontrelle Willis.
He is known as a sinkerball pitcher and in 2009 had Tommy John surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="21584092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584092" title="United Teachers Los Angeles">
United Teachers Los Angeles

United Teachers Los Angeles is the main representative of certified, non-administrative staff in the Los Angeles Unified School District. Prior to 1970, primary and secondary school teachers in Los Angeles were chiefly represented by a local of the "American Federation of Teachers" (called the "Los Angeles Teachers Alliance", LATA) and the "Associated Classroom Teachers of Los Angeles" (ACT-LA) which was affiliated to the "National Education Association". There were other smaller teachers unions active before 1970 that also merged into UTLA.
The first broad federation of Los Angeles School District teachers was the "Affiliated Teacher Organizations of Los Angeles", formed between 1930 and 1932.
UTLA is very active in the political sphere of California, especially since Proposition 13, which severely limited the amount that public schools can receive from property taxes. This shifted the burden to the state and increased the competition between state funded groups. The union has also advocated strongly against school voucher programs and attempts to break up the school district.

</doc>
<doc id="21584107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584107" title="Tim Wood (baseball)">
Tim Wood (baseball)

Timothy Dayle Wood (born November 16, 1982), is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. He has pitched for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Florida Marlins of Major League Baseball.
Baseball career.
Wood was drafted by the Montreal Expos in the 21st round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft out of Sabino High School, but did not sign. He was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 44th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft out of Pima Community College.
Florida Marlins.
Wood was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 44th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft out of Pima Community College. He was brought up to the majors on June 4, 2009, but was optioned back to the minors on June 7 without appearing in a game. The Marlins called him up once again on June 21. Wood made his major league debut June 25, 2009, pitching 2 scoreless innings against the Baltimore Orioles. The first batter he faced, Robert Andino, lined out to second base.
Washington Nationals.
The Washington Nationals signed Wood in November 2010. The Nationals released Wood in March 2011.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
The Pittsburgh Pirates signed Wood in April 2011. On June 10, 2011, the Pirates purchased Wood's contract. He was designated for assignment on August 12, after making 13 appearances, recording a 5.63 ERA in eight innings. He was traded to the Texas Rangers on August 18, in exchange for cash considerations.
Texas Rangers.
The Texas Rangers acquired Wood from the Pittsburgh Pirates on August 18, in exchange for cash considerations. He became a free agent at the end of the 2011 season.
Return to the Pirates.
In November 2011, Wood signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In 54 games for the Pirates' Triple-A affiliate Indianapolis, Wood had a 2.19 ERA with 21 saves while striking out 67 in 70 innings.
Minnesota Twins.
On November 10, 2012, Wood was reported to be close to a deal with the Cleveland Indians. Later the same day, he signed a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins with an invitation to spring training and is expected to make the team. The club then signed him to a 1-year, $675,000 deal to avoid losing him in the Rule 5 Draft. He was released on August 28, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21584112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584112" title="Upgrade (The Twilight Zone)">
Upgrade (The Twilight Zone)

"Upgrade" is the fourteenth episode of the science fiction television series 2002 revival of "The Twilight Zone". The episode was first broadcast on October 30, 2002, on UPN.
Plot.
Annie, her husband, two unruly teenage children and untrained dog move into a large house with plans to start their lives again. As they unpack, she hangs a large portrait of the family in the living room.
On seeing their dog urinating on the floor, Annie expresses her wish for the "perfect" family. Her husband comforts her and Annie calms down, until she notices a strange poodle in the house. When she wonders where their own dog went, her husband is confused and tells her that the poodle is their dog. Only Annie appears aware of the change.
The next day, Annie's son has changed, from sloppy and annoying to respectful, well-behaved and better looking. Again, Annie is the only one who notices the change, and she becomes convinced that the new son is a stranger. She tries to find her true son, but in the process falls down the steps and suffers a mild concussion. Shortly after, her teenage daughter has changed from sullen and drab to sweet and pretty. Finally, her husband changes into a younger, handsomer man. None of the family notices these changes and they believe that Annie is crazy when she tries to bring the changes to their attention.
Annie notices that the family portrait also changes, reflecting the changes in the family. She becomes frightened when she overhears the family discussing her "delusions" and possible need of medical attention. Annie tries to escape from the house, but each time she finds herself in a strange darkness that leads her to a different part of the house. Finally, Annie finds to her horror that her own part of the portrait has changed. She suddenly turns into a younger, better looking woman who has no memory of her former self. When her husband finds her, she tells him that she feels lucky to have such a wonderful family.
At this point, it is revealed that the entire series of events that have taken place were nothing more than the events of a computer game that a young girl was playing — a game in which the player must "upgrade" a family. The girl saves the game and leaves for dinner.
After Forest Whitaker gives the closing, a "save and quit" icon appears and it is revealed that he too is a part of a computer game. The screen goes blank as the game is shut off.

</doc>
<doc id="21584119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584119" title="Robinson v. Shell Oil Company">
Robinson v. Shell Oil Company

Robinson v. Shell Oil Company, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court unanimously held that under federal law, U.S. employers must not write bad job references, or otherwise retaliate against former employees as a punishment for filing job discrimination complaints.
Background.
The case involved a former Shell employee, Charles T. Robinson, who claimed Shell Oil Company fired him from his sales job because he is black. While his race discrimination lawsuit was pending, Robinson applied for a job with another company who contacted Shell seeking a reference. Shell gave Robinson an unfavourable rating and said it would not rehire him. According to an article published by The Washington Post in February 1997, The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission submitted a "friend of the court" brief, saying that if former employees were not protected, they "would be chilled from taking action to report or oppose discrimination." The article went on to say that the Court agreed with the view expressed by the EEOC. Justice Clarence Thomas wrote for the court, "EEOC quite persuasively maintains that it would be destructive to purposes of anti-bias law for an employer to be able to retaliate with impunity."
Subsequent developments.
Robinson eventually lost his original race discrimination case against Shell Oil Company.

</doc>
<doc id="21584156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584156" title="Brett Sinkbeil">
Brett Sinkbeil

Brett Sinkbeil (born December 26, 1984) is a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Baseball career.
Sinkbeil was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 38th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft out of Charles Page High School, but he chose not to sign. He was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the first round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft out of Missouri State University and signed June 16, 2006.
Florida Marlins.
Sinkbeil was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the first round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft out of Missouri State University. Sinkbeil was named the #77 prospect in baseball by Baseball America before the 2007 season. On July 16, 2007, while pitching for the Jupiter Hammerheads, Sinkbeil was named Florida State League co-pitcher of the week, sharing the award with Phil Coke. Sinkbeil was named the #68 prospect in baseball by Baseball America before the 2008 season. The Marlins added Sinkbeil to the 40-man roster in November 2009 to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft. On September 15, 2010, Sinkbeil made his MLB debut for the Florida Marlins against the Philadelphia Phillies. He faced only one batter, getting Roy Halladay to ground out. He was released by the Marlins at the end of the team's 2011 Spring Training camp.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On April 20, 2011, Sinkbeil signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In 2011, he played for the Pirates High Class-A affiliate, the Bradenton Marauders and the Pirates Double-A affiliate, the Altoona Curve. He was granted free agency after the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21584158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584158" title="P. ansorgii">
P. ansorgii

P. ansorgii may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21584178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584178" title="Momeik">
Momeik

Momeik,Burmanized Shan name, Mong Mit () in Shan, is a town situated on the Shweli River in northern Shan State of Myanmar (Burma).
Transport.
It is connected by road to Mogok and its ruby mines, and via Mogok to Mandalay, and to Kyaukme which is on the Mandalay-Lashio railway line. Momeik is also linked to Myitkyina, capital of Kachin State via Mabein and Bhamo. There is an airport for domestic flights to Momeik.
Whereas Mogok lies at an elevation of 4,000 ft, Momeik is just 800 ft above sea level and 28 miles to the north of Mogok. Sixty miles by road to the west of Mogok lie Twinnge Village and the town of Thabeikkyin on the Ayeyarwady River (Irrawaddy). There is now a direct road linking Twinnge with Momeik.
History.
Momeik, part of the state of Hsenwi, was founded in 1238. Thirteen villages of the Mogok Stone Tract were given to Momeik in 1420 as a reward for helping Yunnan raid Chiang Mai. In 1465, Nang Han Lung, the daughter-in-law of the Saopha ("Sawbwa" in Burmese) of Momeik, sent ruby as separate tribute from Hsenwi and succeeded in keeping the former possessions of Hsenwi until 1484 when Mogok was ceded to the Burmese kings. It was however not until 1597 that the Saopha of Momeik was forced to exchange Mogok and Kyatpyin with Tagaung, and they were formally annexed by royal edict.
Earlier in 1542, when the Shan ruler of Ava Thohanbwa (1527–1543) marched with the Saophas of Mohnyin, Hsipaw, Momeik, Mogaung, Bhamo and Yawnghwe to come to the aid of Prome against the Burmese, he was defeated by Bayinnaung. In 1544, Hkonmaing (1543-6), Saopha of Onbaung or Hsipaw and successor to Thohanbwa, attempted to regain Prome, with the help of Mohnyin, Momeik, Monè, Hsenwi, Bhamo and Yawnghwe, only to be defeated by King Tabinshwehti (1512–1550).
Bayinnaung succeeded in three campaigns, 1556-9, to reduce the Shan states of Mohnyin, Mogaung, Momeik, Mong Pai (Mobyè), Saga, Lawksawk (Yatsauk), Yawnghwe, Hsipaw, Bhamo, Kalay, Chiang Mai, and Linzin (Vientiane), before he raided up the Taping and Shweli Rivers in 1562.
A bell donated by King Bayinnaung (1551–1581) at Shwezigon Pagoda in Bagan has inscriptions in Burmese, Pali and Mon recording the conquest of Momeik and Hsipaw on 25 January 1557, and the building of a pagoda at Momeik on 8 February 1557.
British rule.
The Saopha of Momeik had just died at the time of the British annexation in 1885 leaving a minor as heir, and the administration at Momeik was weak. It was included under the jurisdiction of the Commissioner of the Northern Division instead of the Superintendent of the Northern Shan States. A pretender named Hkam Leng came to claim the title, but he was rejected by the ministers. A Burmese prince called Saw Yan Naing, who had risen up against the British, fled to the area and joined forces with Hkam Leng, and caused a great deal of problems during 1888-9 to the Hampshire Regiment stationed at Momeik.
Sao Hkun Hkio, Saopha of Momeik, was one of the seven Saophas on the Executive Committee of the Shan State Council formed after the first Panglong Conference in March 1946. On 16 January 1947, they sent two memoranda, whilst a Burmese delegation headed by Aung San was in London, to the British Labour government of Clement Attlee demanding equal political footing as Burma proper and full autonomy of the Federated Shan States. He was not one of the six Saophas who signed the Panglong Agreement on 12 February 1947. The Cambridge-educated Sao Hkun Hkio however became the longest serving Foreign Minister of Burma after independence in 1948 until the military coup of Ne Win in 1962, with only short interruptions, the longest one of which being between 1958 and 1960 during Ne Win's caretaker government.
After independence.
The Shweli river valley and the hills around Momeik and Mogok are old strongholds of the Communist Party of Burma (CPB) as early as the 1950s, but it was not until 1968 that the 1st Brigade of the CPB People's Army regained control of the area, and briefly captured Momeik itself in 1977. Their plan to strike west to the plains north of Mandalay however was thwarted by clashes with the Shan State Army and the Palaung State Liberation Army as well as government military offensives.
The Shan State Army-North's 3rd Brigade has been active in Momeik, Kyaukme, Hsipaw, Namtu and Lashio. It reached a cease-fire agreement with the Burmese military government (SLORC) in 1989, and its activities have been severely curtailed. In 2005, an attempt by the Shan State Army-South based near the Thai border to fill the vacuum left by the cease-fire in the north was thwarted by the Burmese army.
Economy.
Minerals.
Momeik is famous for its precious and semi-precious stones in its own right. Elbaite, a variant of Rubellite (Tourmaline or "Anyant" meaning 'inferior' in Burmese) including the "mushroom" tourmaline, and Petalite or "Salinwa" are mined in this region.
Diamond found in Momeik region is believed to be derived from primary sources in northwestern Australia but distinguishable from similar stones from eastern Australia. Gold mining in the area is being operated by Asia World and Shweli Yadana companies.
Agriculture.
Mogok ruby mines rely on the staple Momeik rice. Hsinshweli strain high-yield rice as well as sugar cane, rubber, physic nut, jengkol bean and avocado are cultivated in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="21584182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584182" title="Central Division (RHI)">
Central Division (RHI)

Roller Hockey International’s Central Division was formed in 1994 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Murphy Division.

</doc>
<doc id="21584195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584195" title="Herman Peters">
Herman Peters

Herman Peters (1899-1989) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1920s. An international representative centre, he played his club football with North Sydney in the NSWRFL premiership.
He played eight games of the 1921 NSWRFL season in which the North Sydney team won the premiership without having to play a final. As part of Norths' champion backline, he gained selection on the 1921–22 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, along with clubmates, Blinkhorn, Rule, Horder, Ives and Thompson. He went on to play in the following season's grand final for Norths, scoring a try to help them claim consecutive premierships. The year after that, 1923, Peters was the NSWRFL premiership's top try-scorer.
Peters coached North Sydney in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="21584199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584199" title="FemCap">
FemCap

FemCap is a cervical barrier contraceptive. As of February 2009, FemCap is the only brand of cervical cap available in the United States.
FemCap is made of silicone, its shape is similar to a sailor's hat. FemCap has had two designs; the newer design added a loop, molded into the silicone, to assist with removal of the device. Only the newer design is available. There are three sizes of FemCap: 22, 26, and 30 mm.
The smallest rim diameter (22mm) is intended for women who have never been pregnant.
The medium (26mm) cap is intended for women who have been pregnant but have not had a vaginal delivery.
The largest (30mm) is intended for women who have had a vaginal delivery of a full-term baby.
The only exception to this rule, if a woman had a spontaneous miscarriage and/or she was not aware of it, in which case she should receive the 26mm FemCap. If the woman and her doctor are in doubt it is more appropriate to use the 26mm FemCap.
The new version of the Femcap performed poorly in a user acceptability study, suggesting that the modifications to the FemCap significantly increased coital pain or discomfort among female users and their male sex partners, and that the modifications did not improve ease of use overall. However, FemCap users are still less likely to report such pain or discomfort than diaphragm users.

</doc>
<doc id="21584229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584229" title="Aaron Thompson">
Aaron Thompson

Aaron M. Thompson (born February 28, 1987) is an American professional pitcher in the Minnesota Twins organization.
Early life.
Thompson is originally from Santa Fe, New Mexico. He grew up in Beaumont, Texas, and then graduated from Second Baptist High School of Houston in 2005. While there, he went 8-3 with two saves and 0.84 earned run average in 14 games as a senior, with 133 strikeouts and 35 walks in 66 innings.
Professional career.
Florida Marlins.
He had signed a National Letter of Intent with Texas A&M, but was drafted in the first round (22nd overall) of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft and joined the Florida Marlins organization.
While with the Marlins; Thompson was selected as organizational Pitcher of the Month, Player of the Week, and he represented his club as a member of the South Atlantic League All-Star Team.
Washington Nationals.
The Washington Nationals acquired him at the 2009 trade deadline for first baseman Nick Johnson.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
The Pittsburgh Pirates claimed Thompson off waivers from the Nationals on December 24, 2010.
On August 24, 2011, Thompson made his major league debut for the Pirates at PNC Park. During the game, he pitched 4 1/3 scoreless innings, before being relieved in the 2-0 shutout over the Milwaukee Brewers.
Following the 2011 season, Thompson played winter ball for the Toros del Este of the LIDOM.
Minnesota Twins.
He then signed a minor league contract with the Minnesota Twins on December 15, 2011.
Thompson moved to the bullpen in 2013 and pitched for the Rochester Red Wings and Aragua Tigres. He was recently named Setup pitcher of the year in the LVBP.
Family.
Aaron is the brother of amateur wiffle ball player Will Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="21584257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584257" title="Cape Fox (disambiguation)">
Cape Fox (disambiguation)

Cape Fox may refer to:
Both the Canadian Coast Guard and the United States Coast Guard operated vessels named "Cape Fox":

</doc>
<doc id="21584267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584267" title="P. senegalus">
P. senegalus

P. senegalus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21584303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584303" title="Bristol +">
Bristol +

Bristol+ is a partnership board made up of media, creative and technology professionals, politicians and local government officers in Bristol, England. It is administered by the Watershed Media Centre and is tasked with identifying projects that will enhance and exploit the region's strengths and international stature in the creative media, design and technology sectors.
The board is responsible for distributing a £300,000 a year fund, made available by South West of England Regional Development Agency who invested £6.4m to enable Watershed to buy its home, the historic dockside E&W sheds. This gives the successful media centre long term stability and the chance to grow its dynamic community for creative businesses. Over £300,000 per year in surplus rent from other businesses in the buildings will be ploughed into this new fund to invest in areas such as skills, development, networking and innovation.
Activities and Projects.
Light Up Bristol
0117 - Made In Bristol
Pervasive Media Studio
Media Sandbox
Bristol Media

</doc>
<doc id="21584309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584309" title="1980 All-Pro Team">
1980 All-Pro Team

The 1980 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1980. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". Pro Football Weekly chose a nose tackle due to the proliferation of 3-4 defenses in the NFL. They, and The Sporting News chose two inside linebackers.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team.; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21584325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584325" title="Northwest Division (RHI)">
Northwest Division (RHI)

RHI's Northwest Division was formed in 1994 as part of the Western Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the King Division.

</doc>
<doc id="21584330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584330" title="Sean West">
Sean West

Sean Edward West (born June 15, 1986) is a Major League Baseball pitcher. Sean is married to Kayla, and they have one daughter, Kelly.
Early career.
Sean was born in Houston, Texas, and raised in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Baseball.
High school.
Sean graduated from Captain Shreve High School in Shreveport, Louisiana in 2005. While there, he went 10-2 with 1.42 ERA in 13 games as a senior, and he struck out 130 batters in 84.0 IP.
Florida Marlins.
West went 8-5 with 3.74 ERA in 21 starts with Greensboro (A) in 2006. During that season, he recorded 102 strikeouts and 40 walks in 120.1 innings. To start the year, he won his first three decisions of season over a span of his first nine starts from April 9 to June 14, including earning a win in his first start of that season on April 9 against Hagerstown, while allowing two hits with four strikeouts in 6.0 innings. West eventually went on the disabled list from April 14 to May 8 with left shoulder tendinitis. He earned wins on May 25 at Greenville (6.0 IP, ER, 4 H, 1 BB, 1 SO) and June 14 at Asheville (6.1 IP, 5 H, 1 BB, 8 SO), before losing four straight starts from June 24 to July 9. However, he went on to win five straight starts from July 25 to August 18, going 5-0 with 3.52 ERA (12 ER, 30.2 IP) over that stretch. West was honored by being named Player of the Week for May 29-June 4, going 0-0 with 0.00 ERA in two starts (13.0 innings). He had .615 winning percentage, which tied him with Daniel Barone (8-5 with Carolina, Jupiter, Greensboro) for second-best among all Marlins minor leaguers; only Renyel Pinto (8-2 with Albuquerque) had a better winning percentage among Marlins farm-hands.
On West's fourth Major League Start against the San Francisco Giants on June 8, 2009, he pitched a 6 inning no hitter until Edgar Renteria hit for a single on the first pitch of the top of the 7th inning. He earned his first career Major League win pitching 8 innings as Randy Johnson opposite for the Giants received his 1st loss after winning his 300th game.
Washington Nationals.
On January 10, 2013, West signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals.

</doc>
<doc id="21584351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584351" title="Cape Fox Village">
Cape Fox Village

Cape Fox Village is a locality in Southeast Alaska near present-day Ketchikan. It is the site of a former village called Gaash of the Cape Fox people (Saanyaa ḵwaan) of the Tlingit. The location of the village is on the east side of Revillagigedo Channel, four miles south of Boca de Quadra. The name was recorded in 1880 by Ivan Petroff during the 10th Census, who reported 100 Tlingit still living there. Many native artifacts were taken from this area during early American and European exploration of Alaska, and many of these items have since been returned, including a totem pole that had been on display at Field Museum in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="21584406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584406" title="Brad Davis (baseball)">
Brad Davis (baseball)

Bradley Edward Davis (born December 29, 1982) is a former American professional baseball catcher in the Detroit Tigers organization.
Early life.
Davis graduated from Capistrano Valley High School in Mission Viejo, California in 2001, where he was named CIF Player of the Year as a senior. He attended Long Beach State University, where he majored in Communications, and was also named as a Freshman All-American.
Professional career.
Florida Marlins.
Davis was drafted by the Marlins in the fifth round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. Davis spent all of 2006 with the Class-A Advanced Jupiter Hammerheads, and he went on to hit .259 with four home runs and 46 RBI in 106 games. He was honored by being named to represent Jupiter in the Florida State League All-Star Game. He had seven three-hit games and seven three-RBI games, including four games with three hits and three RBI. His best month was August, when he batted .302 (19x63) with one home run and twelve RBI in twenty-one games. 
On July 21, 2010, the Marlins designated Nate Robertson for assignment and promoted Davis to the major leagues. He was optioned back to Triple-A on August 5, but he was recalled on August 20 after Ronny Paulino was suspended for the use of performance-enhancing drugs.
He was designated for assignment on June 15, 2011. 
San Diego Padres.
Davis signed a minor league contract with the San Diego Padres in 2012 but was released by the end of June after playing 39 games with their triple-a team in Tucson. 
Miami Marlins.
On July 5, 2012, Davis signed a minor league contract with the Miami Marlins but was released after only 7 games in their minor league system.
Detroit Tigers.
On July 26, 2012, the Detroit Tigers signed a minor league contract with Davis.
Personal.
He currently resides in Rancho Santa Margarita, California with his wife Shannon Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="21584449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584449" title="Birds Mill Swamp">
Birds Mill Swamp

Birds Mill Swamp is a swamp located just west of the Chesapeake Bay in Anne Arundel County on the Atlantic Coastal Plain region of Maryland in the United States. It lies between Route 468 (also known as Muddy Creek Road) and Route 2 and is just south of Mill Swamp Road. Its coordinates are .
Ecosystem.
Like most swamps surrounding the Chesapeake Bay, this small freshwater body is classified as a bald cypress swamp. It is part of a tributary system which feeds into the Rhode River, and ultimately the Chesapeake Bay itself. It is also home to many species including a variety of reptiles, amphibians, insects, birds, and aquatic vegetation. Unlike many swamps, it is untouched by humans except for a few dirt trails nearby. It is an important habitat for wildlife in the area.
Birds Mill Swamp is one of more than one hundred swamps in Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21584471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584471" title="Pacific Division (RHI)">
Pacific Division (RHI)

RHI's Pacific Division was formed in 1994 as part of the Western Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Buss Division.

</doc>
<doc id="21584493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584493" title="2003 Utah Utes football team">
2003 Utah Utes football team

The Utah Utes 2003 football team represented the University of Utah in the college football season of 2003-2004. This was Urban Meyer's first year coaching at the school, after being hired from Bowling Green. The team played its home games in Rice–Eccles Stadium.
Game notes.
BYU.
Utah beat BYU for the second straight year with this 3–0 victory. There was heavy snow fall for much of the game. The victory snapped BYU's NCAA record for scoring in 361 straight games—BYU's first shutout since a 20–0 loss to Arizona State on September 25, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="21584561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584561" title="Guaraqueçaba">
Guaraqueçaba

Guaraqueçaba is the easternmost city in the Brazilian state of Paraná, and one of the few coastal cities of the state. The short Ararapira River marks the border with São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="21584564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584564" title="2006 NECBL All-Star Game">
2006 NECBL All-Star Game

The 2006 NECBL All-Star Game was the 13th exhibition game between all-stars from the NECBL's Northern and the Southern Divisions. The Northern All-Stars defeated the Southern All-Stars 6-2, snapping a 2-game losing streak. Cheyne Hurst of the Keene Swamp Bats was the game's MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="21584567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584567" title="Einar Halvorsen">
Einar Halvorsen

Einar Halvorsen (1872 – 1964) was a Norwegian speedskater. 
He set world record in 500 m three times, twice in 5000 m, and once in 1500 m. 
His time 2.29,6 in 1500 m in 1894 made him the first person to finish the distance in less than 2.30.
World records.
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com

</doc>
<doc id="21584569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584569" title="Amma (1949 film)">
Amma (1949 film)

Amma is a 1949 Sri Lankan film directed by Sirisena Wimalaweera. It was adapted from one of his plays that bore the same name. The cast included Eddie Junior, Pearl Vasudevi, D. R. Nanayakkara and N. R. Dias and was filmed at the Neptune Studio in Madras.
It was screened at the Central Cinema in Maradana.
Plot.
Story involving a mother.

</doc>
<doc id="21584593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584593" title="Soane">
Soane

Soane or Soanes may refer to:
People:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="21584609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584609" title="Thomas William Lockwood">
Thomas William Lockwood

Thomas William Lockwood (1863 - ?) was an English-born international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales. Lockwood also played regional rugby for both Cheshire and Middlesex. His father was notable architect Thomas Lockwood.
Rugby career.
Lockwood began his rugby career playing in England, and represented both Richmond and Birkenhead Park, the later of which he captained. On moving to Wales, Lockwood joined first class Welsh team, Newport. While playing for Newport, Lockwood was selected to represent the Welsh team, playing three games for the country, all during the 1887 Home Nations Championship. His first game, played alongside fellow Newport team mates Tom Clapp, Charlie Newman and brothers Bob and Arthur Gould, saw Wales draw against England. Lockwood was reselected for the match against Scotland, which saw Wales thoroughly beaten; Scotland running in 14 tries without reply. In his final international match Wales beat Ireland at Birkenhead Park.
In 1889, Lockwood was back in England and was part of the Middlesex County team who faced the first international touring side, the New Zealand Natives. Lockwood played the New Zealanders a second time, but on this occasion he represented London Welsh. The game was played at the Athletic Ground in Richmond, with the Māoris winning 2-1, the Welsh try coming from future Wales international Abel Davies.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="21584621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584621" title="1987 Grand Prix (tennis)">
1987 Grand Prix (tennis)

The 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix was the only tennis circuit held that year. It incorporated the four grand slam tournaments, three World Championship Tennis tournaments and the Grand Prix tournaments.
Schedule.
The table below shows the 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix schedule (a forerunner to the ATP Tour).
Grand Prix rankings.
Statistical information.
The list of winners and number of singles titles won, alphabetically by last name:
The following players won their first title in 1987:

</doc>
<doc id="21584646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584646" title="1986 Grand Prix (tennis)">
1986 Grand Prix (tennis)

The 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix was the only tennis circuit held that year. The tour consisted of 70 tournaments in 23 different countries. It incorporated the four grand slam tournaments, three World Championship Tennis tournaments and the Grand Prix tournaments. The season ending Masters tournament was moved from the January slot to December.
Schedule.
The table below shows the schedule for the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix season.
ATP rankings.
Statistical information.
The list of winners and number of singles titles won, alphabetically by last name:
The following players won their first title in 1986:

</doc>
<doc id="21584656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584656" title="1985 Grand Prix (tennis)">
1985 Grand Prix (tennis)

The 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix was a professional men's tennis circuit held that year. It consisted of 71 tournaments held in 19 different countries. The tour incorporated the four ITF grand slam tournaments, three World Championship Tennis tournaments and the Grand Prix tournaments. Total prize money for the circuit was $23 million. The circuit was administered by the Men's International Professional Tennis Council (MIPTC). In November 1985 the MIPTC sued player–management agencies ProServ and IMG alleging that these firms were holding the tennis game hostage and were 'exerting extensive power over players'. 
The 1985 circuit marked the last time the Australian Open was held in November before moving to its current slot in January. In January 1986 at an awards ceremony in New York the ATP players elected Ivan Lendl as the 1985 ATP Player of the Year. Lendl won the most tournament titles, played the most finals, was the points leader of the Grand Prix circuit and finished the year as no.1 in the ATP Ranking. The Grand Slam tournaments were won by four different players (Wilander, Edberg, Becker, Lendl) and for the first time since 1934 all winners were European.
Schedule.
The table below shows the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix schedule (a precursor to the ATP Tour).
Standings.
The 1985 Grand Prix tournaments were divided in 18 separate point categories, ranging from the Grand Slam tournaments (700 points for the winner) to the smallest Regular Series tournaments (80 points for the winner). At the end of the year the top 64 players received bonuses from a $4,000,000 bonus pool. To qualify for a bonus a player must have participated in at least 14 tournaments. The best 16 players in the points standing at the end of the season qualified for the Nabisco Masters which was played in January 1986.
ATP rankings.
Statistical information.
The list of winners and number of singles titles won, alphabetically by last name:
The following players won their first title in 1985:

</doc>
<doc id="21584659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584659" title="Vera Kingston">
Vera Kingston

Vera Kingston-Robinson (4 February 1917 – September 1996) was an English swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 she was eliminated in the first round of the 200 metre breaststroke event.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the silver medal with the English team in the 3×110 yards medley competition. In the 200 yards breaststroke contest she finished fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="21584667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584667" title="2009 NECBL All-Star Game">
2009 NECBL All-Star Game

The 2009 NECBL All-Star Game was the 16th exhibition game between all-stars from the NECBL's East and West Divisions. The game was held at Mackenzie Stadium in Holyoke, Massachusetts, the home field of the West Division's Holyoke Blue Sox. The West Division won the game by a final score of 6-5 in front of a record All-Star Game attendance of 4,906. This mark broke the previous record mark of 4,210 set at the 2007 All-Star Game hosted by the North Adams SteepleCats. Holyoke's Jake Rosenbeck was named All-Star Game Most Valuable Player. The contest was broadcast with live audio and video online provided by Teamline. The game was announced online by Keene's Shawn Medeiros (West Division) and Newport's Nicholas Lima (East Division) on the NECBL Broadcast Network.
Skills Competitions.
60 Yard Dash.
The 60 yard dash competition consisted of five contestants, each running two 60-yard heats on the outfield grass. The top two runners advanced to a head-to-head final in which the competitors ran simultaneously to decide the champion.
The two fastest preliminary round heats were recorded by Danbury's Sean Harrell (6.63) and Sanford's Adam Matthews (6.67). In the head-to-head final Matthews defeated Harrell with a winning time of 6.72 seconds.
Throwing Competitions.
Outfield.
In the outfield throwing competition, competing players threw two baseballs each from right field to home plate, at a marked distance of 250 feet. The competitors were judged on their throwing strength and accuracy by several Major League Baseball scouts in attendance. The top two competitors advanced to a final round consisting of one throw per player.
In the preliminary round, Manchester's Ted Sendek and Keene's Peter Verdin were judged as the best throwers in the competition and advanced to the final round. In this round, Verdin defeated Sendek to win the outfield throwing contest.
Infield.
In the infield throwing competition, competitors threw two baseballs each from the shortstop position to first base. The ball was slowly rolled to the players from the infield grass. Players were judged by attending scouts on their arm strength and the accuracy of their throws. The top two competitors advanced to a final round consisting of another two throws to decide a champion.
Pittsfield's Zach Williams and North Adams' Brandon Macias advanced to the final round, where Macias defeated Williams to win the competition.
Catcher.
In the catcher throwing competition, competitors threw three baseballs from behind home plate to the second base bag. Players were judged by attending scouts on the strength and accuracy of their throws. The top two competitors in the preliminary rounds advanced to a final of two throws by each player.
Manchester's Mike Bourdon and Vermont's Jayson Hernandez advanced from the preliminary rounds to the final round. Hernandez defeated Bourdon to win the competition.
Home Run Derby.
In the Home Run Derby, each of the thirteen competitors was given 5 outs to hit as many home runs as possible. Outs consisted of any swing by the batter which did not result in a home run. The top two home run hitters of the preliminary round advanced to a final round also consisting of five outs per hitter. In the competition, left-handed hitters were aided by a favorable wind blowing out to right field, making it easier for balls pulled by left-handed hitters to reach the fence. Marked dimensions at Mackenzie Stadium were 327 feet down the left and right field lines and 377 feet to straight-away center field.
Keene's Jacob Rogers and Holyoke's Murray Watts were the top hitters of the preliminary round, each hitting two home runs each. Rogers defeated Watts 2-1 in the final to win the Home Run Derby title.
Game summary.
After the conclusion of the skills competition, each team took live batting practice on the field. After this, the grounds crew prepped the field as the pregame ceremonies began at 6:30. After the rosters were announced, the players took the field for a 7:00 gametime.
After West Division starting pitcher Tim Boyce (North Adams) worked a scoreless top of the first, the West scored the game's first run when Jake Rosenbeck (Holyoke) grounded into a double play. This scored Henry Dunn (Vermont), who had doubled to lead off the inning, to make the score 1-0.
The East quickly answered in the top of the second off of pitcher Tommy Meagher (Keene). After a Ben Waldrip (North Shore) single and a walk by Patrick Brady (North Shore), Kyle Felix (Lowell) singled in Waldrip to tie the score at one. Mark Micowski (Sanford) later reached on a fielder's choice to put the East ahead 2-1.
The West All-Stars responded in the bottom of the third on an RBI single by Jake Rosenbeck which scored Henry Dunn to tie the score at two. However, the East retook the lead in the top of the fourth on a Dave Gustafson (Lowell) single which scored Aaron Westlake (Newport). The lead was extended to 4-2 when Taylor Featherston (New Bedford) singled in Gustafson.
The West got a run back in the bottom half of the fourth when a Taylor Featherston error on a Clay Jones (Vermont) grounder allowed Mike Fabiaschi (Danbury) to score.
After a scoreless top of the fifth pitched by Brach Davis (North Adams), the West scored three times in the bottom of the inning. After loading the bases on a single and two walks, Mike Fabiaschi hit a sacrifice fly to center to score Jake Rosenbeck and tie the game at four. The next batter, Brandon Macias (North Adams), gave the West the lead with a two-out, two RBI single to right field, scoring John Schultz (North Adams) and Chris Edmondson (Keene) to give the West a 6-4 lead.
Although the East was able to pull back one run in the eighth on an RBI groundout by Dylan Pratt (Sanford), the West prevailed 6-5. After giving up four runs in the first four innings, the West Division’s pitching staff allowed only one run over the final five frames, with an inning each from Brach Davis, Rob Kumbatovic (Vermont), Robert Young (Pittsfield), Austin Evans (Vermont), and Ricky Rogers (Keene).

</doc>
<doc id="21584672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584672" title="George Albert Smith, Jr.">
George Albert Smith, Jr.

George Albert Smith, Jr. (1905–1969) was a professor at Harvard Business School who wrote several books on management practice and other issues.
Smith was the son of George Albert Smith, who would eventually serve as the eighth president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and his wife Lucy Woodruff Smith. Lucy was the daughter of Wilford Woodruff, Jr., one of the sons of Wilford Woodruff, who was the fourth president of the LDS Church.
As a young man, Smith was a missionary for the LDS Church in Switzerland and Germany.
Smith received his bachelor's degree from the University of Utah and a graduate degree in business administration from Harvard University. From 1934 on, he was a professor at the Harvard Business School. During the 1950s he was one of the main proponents of sizing a businesses competitive strategy in light of the general trends in its specific market. He is also credited as one of the principal developers of SWOT analysis.
In July 1935, Smith married Ruth Nowell in the Salt Lake Temple.
Smith wrote three books, they were "Policy Formulation and Administration" (1951), "Managing Geographically Decentralized Companies" (1958), and "Business, Society, and the Individual" (1962).

</doc>
<doc id="21584673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584673" title="Tongass Island">
Tongass Island

Tongass Island, historically also spelled Tongas Island, is an island in the southern Alaska Panhandle, near the marine boundary with Canada at 54-40 N. it was the site of Fort Tongass, which was first established shortly after the Alaska Purchase as a customs port for travellers bound from British Columbian waters to the Stikine River, which was one of the main routes of access to the Cassiar Gold Rush of the 1870s. it lies west of Port Tongass in Nakat Bay, adjacent to the Dixon Entrance and is 0.8 miles in length. Its Native Alaskan name "Kut-tuk-wah" was published in 1869 by USC&GS; its current name was first published in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="21584680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584680" title="Wilhelm Mauseth">
Wilhelm Mauseth

Wilhelm Mauseth (October 8, 1875 in Bakke, Norway – June 11, 1948 in Whites, OFS) was a Norwegian speedskater.
He set a world record in 500 m in 1895 with the time 46.8. He was two time national all-round champion, in 1895 and 1896. Around the turn of the century he emigrated to South Africa and in he married Sarah Anne Beeming in Cape Town, South Africa.
Mauseth worked as a surveyor for George Pauling, the main contractor to Cecil Rhodes, who was at that time opening up and building a railway and telegraph system in Rhodesia.
He attested into the South African Orange River Scouts on the 7th April 1902 and was discharged on the 30th June 1902 when the regiment was disbanded 
He later changed his name to William Alfred Manseth, and fought with distinction with the Nyasaland Rhodesia Mechanical Forces in the 1914-1918 Great War (possibly in Tanganyika), he was promoted to Acting Major. He was "mentioned in dispatches" a couple of times and was awarded the MBE by the British government.
“Manseth, T.Capt. William Alfred, S.A.S.C. was made a Member of the Military Division of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire on Tuesday 3rd June 1919 as Published in the Tenth Supplement to The London Gazette of Friday 30th May 1919”
Mauseth had a hand in surveying the sewage system in Johannesburg. He died of cancer.
World record.
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com

</doc>
<doc id="21584691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584691" title="A Spark. To Pierce the Dark.">
A Spark. To Pierce the Dark.

"A Spark. To Pierce the Dark." is the 105th episode of the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". It is the eighteenth episode of the show's fifth season and aired on March 22, 2009.
Plot.
Dave sets in motion his plan for revenge on Mike, by killing Katherine during their camping trip together. Edie learns that Dave's first wife and daughter were killed in an auto accident involving Mike and Susan. Karl enrolls his young son Evan at the school where Susan works. Susan is disturbed by some of Evan's drawings. When she raises the problem with Karl, they quarrel. Karl is forced to reveal that his second wife has abandoned him and their son.
Bree and Orson's marital problems intensify. He tries to force her to sell off her business to save the marriage, but Andrew convinces her to refuse. Orson warns he may resume his petty thefts in retaliation.
Gaby visits Carlos at work, bringing their daughters. Lynette encouragess the children to play in the office of a workplace rival, Lucy, who does not recognize them and explodes in anger. Irate at her treatment of his daughters, Carlos fires Lucy.
At the campgrounds, Dave encourages Mike and Katherine to hike without him, setting up his ambush. He is thwarted when a message from Edie, telling him what she has learned, arrives, disconcerting him so much his gunshot is off target. Dave returns home, where Edie confronts him. When she attempts to warn Mike, Dave attempts to strangle her. She escapes, and tries to drive away. Meanwhile, Orson is robbing an elderly neighbor's home, when she hits him with a baseball bat and chases him out. Orson runs into the street as Edie's car approaches; swerving to avoid him, Edie crashes into a utility pole and is killed by a severed electrical wire.
Reception.
The episode was heavily publicized due to the media attention publishing Edie's (Nicollette Sheridan) departure from the series after being one of the main five housewives for 5 seasons. Therefore the episode managed to attract 14.75 million viewers in the US and was placed number 7 in US weekly ratings. 
The episode received extremely positive reviews, many critics praising the acting in the episode from Marcia Cross and Nicollette Sheridan. However many critics attacked the decision to kill Edie Britt, claiming it will harm the show, especially as it had already been so speculated. Mickey O'Connor responded with a positive review saying, 'It's a credit to Sheridan's acting that in the face of such devastating news (aka so she married an ax murderer!), the actress remains true to the character, who has larger cojones than any man on Wisteria Lane' and later saying, 'Except that Edie's death was the worst kept secret ever.'
International titles.
Spanish: Una chispa de penetrar la oscuridad (A spark to pierce the darkness)
Greek: Μια σπίθα για να σπάσουμε το σκοτάδι (

</doc>
<doc id="21584710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584710" title="Court Hey Hall">
Court Hey Hall

Court Hey Hall was a mansion in England built for Robertson Gladstone (1805–1875), elder brother of William Ewart Gladstone.
The hall was built c.1836 in the Court Hey area of what is now Knowsley Borough in Merseyside and stayed in the Gladstone family until the death of one of his sons in 1919.
The estate was purchased in the same year by J. Bibby and Sons, cattle food manufacturers, and the Hall was used as a sports and social centre for the Bibby employees.
By 1948 the hall was beginning to deteriorate and in 1951 the company sold it and the estate to Huyton-With-Roby Council. The hall was demolished in 1956 and part of the grounds were turned into a public park called Court Hey Park. It is now the home of the National Wildflower Centre. The remainder of the estate was used for housing development.

</doc>
<doc id="21584711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584711" title="Lyndon B. Johnson Supreme Court candidates">
Lyndon B. Johnson Supreme Court candidates

The nominations made by Lyndon B. Johnson to the Supreme Court of the United States are unusual in that Johnson appeared to have had specific individuals in mind for his appointments and actively sought to engineer vacancies on the Court to place those individuals on the court.
Abe Fortas Associate Justice nomination.
Johnson intended early on to appoint his longtime friend and adviser Abe Fortas to the Court. Johnson thought that some of his Great Society reforms could be ruled unconstitutional by the Court, and he felt that Fortas would let him know if that was to happen. Johnson and Fortas did collaborate while Fortas was a justice; Fortas co-wrote Johnson's 1966 State of the Union speech. Rather than wait passively for a sitting Justice to retire, Johnson actively sought to persuade Justice Arthur Goldberg to resign his seat in order to become Ambassador to the United Nations. Goldberg's resignation from the court took effect on July 26, 1965.
Goldberg wrote in his memoirs that he resigned in order to have influence in keeping the peace in Vietnam and that after the crisis had passed he expected he would be reappointed to the Supreme Court by Johnson. "I had an exaggerated opinion of my capacities. I thought I could persuade Johnson that we were fighting the wrong war in the wrong place to get out."
Fortas was easily confirmed by the United States Senate on August 11, 1965.
Thurgood Marshall nomination.
On June 13, 1967, President Johnson nominated Marshall to the Supreme Court following the retirement of Justice Tom C. Clark, saying that this was "the right thing to do, the right time to do it, the right man and the right place."
Although Johnson clearly did not have any other choices in mind, his advisers have been reported to have floated other names past him for the seat that eventually went to Marshall. In a group discussion, Johnson's wife, Lady Bird Johnson, noted that "Lyndon has done so much" for blacks, and "why not indeed fill the vacancy with a woman." Arizona Supreme Court Chief Justice Lorna E. Lockwood was the main contender. Also discussed was a California judge, Shirley Hufstedler, whom Johnson later placed on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. In addition, a Johnson staff member, Larry Temple, had suggested Judge A. Leon Higginbotham, Jr., whom Johnson previously had appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Johnson dismissed Higginbotham as a possibility, telling Temple, "Larry, the only two people who ever heard of Judge Higginbotham are you and his momma."
Marshall was confirmed as an Associate Justice by a Senate vote of 69-11 on August 31, 1967.
Abe Fortas Chief Justice and Homer Thornberry Associate Justice nominations.
When Chief Justice Earl Warren announced his retirement in June 1968, Johnson nominated Associate Justice Fortas to replace Warren as Chief Justice, and nominated Homer Thornberry (whom Johnson had previously appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in 1965) to the Associate Justice seat that Fortas would be vacating. Thornberry was chosen out of a larger field of candidates who were considered, including former United States Deputy Secretary of Defense Cyrus Vance, Maine Gov. Edmund Muskie, United States Secretary of the Treasury Henry H. Fowler and prominent lawyer Albert E. Jenner, Jr.
However, the Warren Court's form of jurisprudence had angered many conservative members of the United States Senate, and the nomination of Fortas provided the first opportunity for these senators to register their disenchantment with the direction of the Court; they planned to filibuster Fortas' nomination. Senate Judiciary Committee chair James Eastland told Johnson he "had never seen so much feeling against a man as against Fortas." Fortas was the first Chief Justice nominee ever to appear before the Senate, and he faced hostile questioning about his relationship with Lyndon B. Johnson.
Johnson sought to help Fortas win a majority vote, but only as a face-saving measure, according to Johnson aide Joseph Califano:
The debate on Fortas's nomination had lasted for less than a week, led by Republicans and conservative southern Democrats, or so-called "Dixiecrats". Several senators who opposed Fortas asserted at the time that they were not conducting a perpetual filibuster and were not trying to prevent a final up-or-down vote from occurring. However, the Senate web site now characterizes the debate as the first filibuster on a Supreme Court nominee.
In 1968, Senate rules required two-thirds of senators present to stop a debate (now 60% of the full Senate is needed). The 45 to 43 cloture vote to end the Fortas debate included 10 Republicans and 35 Democrats voting for cloture, and 24 Republicans and 19 Democrats voting against cloture. The 12 other senators, all Democrats, were not present. 
"The New York Times" wrote of the 45 to 43 cloture roll call: "Because of the unusual crosscurrents underlying today's vote, it was difficult to determine whether the pro-Fortas supporters would have been able to muster the same majority in a direct confirmation vote."
Once Fortas withdrew his nomination in October 1968, Thornberry's nomination became moot and was withdrawn by the White House without a vote. Former Justice Arthur Goldberg later claimed that he was Earl Warren's preference to succeed him. After Fortas's nomination was withdrawn in the face of Senate opposition, Johnson briefly considered naming Goldberg as Chief Justice as a recess appointment before rejecting the idea. The next president, Republican Richard Nixon, appointed Warren Burger the next Chief Justice. David Leonhardt of "The New York Times" called Johnson's nomination of Fortas "one of the most consequential blunders in modern American politics" as the Chair has been held by conservatives appointed by Republican presidents ever since.
Names mentioned.
Following is a list of individuals who were mentioned in various news accounts and books as having been considered by Johnson for a Supreme Court appointment:

</doc>
<doc id="21584758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584758" title="Wilhelm Gass">
Wilhelm Gass

Wilhelm Gass (November 28, 1813 – February 21, 1889) was a German theologian born in Breslau. He was the son of theologian Joachim Christian Gass (1766–1831).
He received his education in Breslau, Halle and Berlin, and as a student was influenced by the teachings of August Neander (1789–1850). In 1846 he became an associate professor at the University of Breslau, and during the following year relocated to Greifswald, where in 1855 he achieved the title of "professor ordinarius". In 1862 he was appointed professor of systematic theology at the University of Giessen, and in 1868 moved to Heidelberg as a successor to Richard Rothe (1799–1867). He died in 1889 in Heidelberg
His theological work largely dealt with the history of Protestant dogmatics, studies of the Greek Church during the Middle Ages and the history of Christian ethics. Among his more important written works was the four-volume "Geschichte der Lutherischen Dogmatik" (History of Lutheran Dogmatics 1854-67), and an 1846 book on Georgius Calixtus and syncretism called "Georg Calixt und der Synkretismus". Other noted works by Wilhelm Gass include:

</doc>
<doc id="21584765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584765" title="Juan de Velasco">
Juan de Velasco

Juan de Velasco y Pérez Petroche (1727–1792) was an 18th-century Jesuit priest, historian, and professor of philosophy and theology from the Royal Audience of Quito. He was born in Riobamba to Juan de Velasco y López de Moncayo and to María Pérez Petroche. Among the universities where he taught was the Universidad de San Marcos in Lima in the Viceroyalty of Peru. He is best known for his history book "Historia del Reino de Quito", although he also wrote books in fields other than history, such as physics textbooks and poetry anthologies.
The book "Historia del Reino de Quito" is important in the history of Ecuador and of the city of Quito because it alleges the existence of a pre-Inca kingdom in what is now Ecuador and which is known as "Reino de Quito" ("Kingdom of Quito"). The book is mentioned, discussed and criticized by several historians such as Marcos Jiménez de la Espada, Federico González Suárez, Jacinto Jijón y Caamaño, Alfredo Pareja Diezcanseco, Misael Acosta Solís, Enrique Ayala Mora and Galo Ramón Valarezo.
A picture of Juan de Velasco was in a 1947 60-cent postal stamp of the Ecuadorian postal service [http://www.sellosmundo.com/America/Ecuador/sello_15018.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="21584767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584767" title="Bob Spence">
Bob Spence

John Robert (Bob) Spence (born February 10, 1946 in San Diego, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Spence played for the Chicago White Sox from to . He batted left and threw right-handed. 
He was drafted by the White Sox in the 1st round (4th overall pick) of the 1967 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="21584791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584791" title="Tremella">
Tremella

Tremella is a genus of fungi in the family Tremellaceae. All "Tremella" species are parasites of other fungi and most produce anamorphic yeast states. Basidiocarps (fruit bodies), when produced, are gelatinous and are colloquially classed among the "jelly fungi". Over 100 species of "Tremella" are currently recognized worldwide. Two species, "Tremella fuciformis" and "Tremella aurantialba", are commercially cultivated for food.
Taxonomy.
History.
"Tremella" was one of the original genera created by Linnaeus in his "Species Plantarum" of 1753. The name comes from the Latin "tremere" meaning "to tremble". Linnaeus placed "Tremella" in the algae, including within it a variety of gelatinous growths, including seaweeds, cyanobacteria, and myxomycetes, as well as fungi. Subsequent authors added additional species to this mix, until Persoon revised "Tremella" in 1794 and 1801, repositioning the genus within the fungi.
Persoon's reinterpretation of "Tremella" was sufficiently radical to be considered a separate genus ("Tremella" Pers.) from that originally created by Linnaeus ("Tremella" L.). Tremella Pers. has now been conserved under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature, with "Tremella mesenterica" as the type species.
Current status.
Molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, suggests that "Tremella" is polyphyletic (and hence artificial), the genus not being clearly separated from other genera within the Tremellaceae. Comparatively few species have yet been sequenced, however.
More than 500 species have been described in "Tremella", but most of these are old names of doubtful application or old names for species later transferred to other genera. Over 100 species are currently accepted within the genus.
Description.
Fruit bodies (when present) are gelatinous. In some species they are small (under 5 mm across) and pustular to pulvinate (cushion-shaped). In others they are much larger (up to 150 mm across) and may be variously lobed, cephaliform (like a brain, with folds and ridges), or foliose (with leaf-like or seaweed-like fronds). Many "Tremella" species, however, are hymenial parasites, producing spores within the fruit bodies of their hosts, and are only visible microscopically.
Microscopic characters.
"Tremella" species produce hyphae that are typically (but not always) clamped and have haustorial cells from which hyphal filaments seek out and penetrate the hyphae of the host. The basidia are "tremelloid" (globose to ellipsoid, sometimes stalked, and vertically or diagonally septate), giving rise to long, sinuous sterigmata or epibasidia on which the basidiospores are produced. These spores are smooth, globose to ellipsoid, and germinate by hyphal tube or by yeast cells. Conidiophores are often present, producing conidiospores that are similar to yeast cells.
Habitat and distribution.
Species are mainly parasitic on wood-rotting fungi in the phyla Ascomycota and Basidiomycota, particularly on species that occur on dead attached branches. Hosts include members of the corticioid fungi, polypores, and Dacrymycetales in the Basidiomycota and species of "Diaporthe", other Sordariomycetes, and lichens in the Ascomycota. Some "Tremella" species parasitize the fruit bodies of their hosts (sometimes incorporating host hyphae), others parasitize the mycelium within the wood.
As a group, "Tremella" species occur worldwide, though individual species may have a more restricted distribution.
Species and hosts.
The list below includes species that have recently been described or redescribed. Some additional older species may also be valid, but lack a modern description. The type locality (but not the wider distribution) is given for each species together with the host fungus, where known.

</doc>
<doc id="21584797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584797" title="Itapetim">
Itapetim

Itapetim is the northernmost city in the Brazilian state of Pernambuco. The population in 2009, according with IBGE was 14.063 inhabitants and the total area is 404.82 km².
Economy.
The main economic activities in Itapetim are based in agribusiness, especially creation of goats, cattle, sheeps, pigs, chickens; and plantations of corn, and beans.
Economic Indicators.
Economy by Sector
2006

</doc>
<doc id="21584849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584849" title="List of sustainable buildings in Australia">
List of sustainable buildings in Australia

There are several sustainable buildings in Australia, deemed so on the basis of the impact to the environment, the utilisation of renewable, recycled building materials, and non renewable resources, as opposed to other structures built in accordance with principles that disregard the extent and span of a structures and the inhabitants effect on the environment. Environment Australia's National Australian Building Environmental Rating System (NABERS) assesses such efficiency and environmental performance, and awards buildings on the basis of this with a star rating system. Another body, the Green Building Council of Australia also audits buildings and awards the Green Star (Australia) to buildings of merit.
Government legislation and incentives and community awareness are facilitating the development of sustainable buildings in Australia.
N.S.W..
Surry Hills Library and Community Centre.
Queensland.
Santos Place in the Brisbane central business district and Green Square in Fortitude Valley have both received a 6 Green Star rating.
South Australia.
In Adelaide, South Australia, there are at least three different projects that incorporate the principles of green building. The Eco-City development is located in Adelaide's city centre, the Aldinga Arts Eco Village is located in Aldinga and Lochiel Park is located at Campbelltown. Other developments such as Mawson Lakes (North) and the 'Lightsview' development near Northgate (North-East of the CBD), also have green building requirements.
Victoria.
Melbourne is a major centre for culture, architecture, sustainability and the environment in Australia, it has been home to many examples of green buildings and sustainable development since the 1970s, such as the CERES Community Environment Park, which continues to this day.
Two of the most prominent examples of green commercial buildings in Australia are located in Melbourne; The 60L Green Building in Carlton and Council House 2 (also known as CH2), in Melbourne's CBD, the later was the first to receive Australia’s 6 Star Green Star – Office Design rating.
Other examples include:
Western Australia.
In the capital, there are at least three different projects that incorporate the principles of green building. The Office development located in Murray Street, West Perth being designed by Eco Design Consultant in collaboration with Troppo Architects is one of them. The other two are mixed development along Wellington Street, in the city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="21584855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584855" title="Eight Frames a Second">
Eight Frames a Second

Eight Frames a Second is the debut album by British folk musician Ralph McTell. Released in the UK in 1968, it is notable for being the first record produced by Gus Dudgeon, and the first arranged by Tony Visconti.
Track listing.
All songs by Ralph McTell, except where noted.
Awards and accolades.
Ralph McTell was presented with a Gold Disc of "Eight Frames a Second" during his 60th birthday concert at the Royal Festival Hall in November, 2004.
Release history.
Many of the tracks on this album also feature in the "Spiral Staircase - Classic Songs" compilation.
Track variations.
The LP released in South Africa in 1975 omits "Nanna's Song", "The Mermaid and the Seagull" and "Hesitation Blues", that are included on Record 1 of the 2LP set.
The UK 2007 CD release includes four bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="21584907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584907" title="Jessica Rostedt">
Jessica Rostedt

Jessica Elizabeth "Jess" Rostedt (born March 3, 1986) is an American soccer player from Kent, Ohio. She was a forward for the University of Virginia women's soccer team and the United States U-20 women's national soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="21584913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584913" title="KJOT (disambiguation)">
KJOT (disambiguation)

KJOT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21584917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584917" title="Ganbare Goemon Pachisuro">
Ganbare Goemon Pachisuro

Ganbare Goemon Pachisuro is a slot machine (known in Japan as "pachisuro") based on the "Ganbare Goemon" franchise. It was announced on the February 4th, 2009, with the opening of the official website. The site displayed highly detailed 3D rendered pictures of the characters, along with a 1 minute and 33 seconds CGI trailer. This is the second installment for arcades by Konami based around their "Ganbare Goemon" series since Mr. Goemon back in 1986. 
The game features 3 playable modes, each symbolized by a specific character. There is a Goemon-based mode, Ebisumaru-based mode and Princess Yuki-based mode. It has been assumed that each mode has a unique song sung by that character. On the February 17, 2009, a second trailer was released. This 7 minute video went into the game in more detail, explaining various aspects and showing more clips. The game was released in Japan on May 25, 2009, and is unlikely to leave into over-sea territory. This pachisuro also features many remixes of previous Goemon music (mostly from Goemon's Great Adventure).
A sequel has been released on September, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21584948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584948" title="Moina Michael">
Moina Michael

Moina Michael (August 15, 1869-May 10, 1944) was a U.S. professor and humanitarian who conceived the idea of using poppies as a symbol of remembrance for those who served in World War I. 
Born in Good Hope, Georgia, Michael was educated at Lucy Cobb Institute and Georgia State Teachers College, both located in Athens, Georgia, and Columbia University in New York City. She was a professor at the University of Georgia when the U.S. entered World War I. She took a leave of absence from her work and volunteered to assist in the New York-based training headquarters for overseas YWCA workers. 
Inspired by the Canadian John McCrae battlefront-theme poem "In Flanders Fields", she published a poem in response called "We Shall Keep the Faith." In tribute to the opening lines of McCrae's poem -- "In Flanders fields the poppies blow / Between the crosses row on row," -- Michael vowed to always wear a red poppy as a symbol of remembrance for those who served in the war. 
After the war was over, Michael returned to the University of Georgia and taught a class of disabled servicemen. Realizing the need to provide financial and occupational support for these servicemen, she pursued the idea of selling silk poppies as a means of raising funds to assist disabled veterans. In 1921, her efforts resulted in the poppy being adopted as a symbol of remembrance for war veterans by the American Legion Auxiliary.
Known as the "Poppy Lady" for her humanitarian efforts, Michael received numerous awards during her lifetime. In 1948, four years after her death, the U.S. Postal Service issued a commemorative stamp honoring her life’s achievement. In 1969, the Georgia General Assembly named a section of U.S. Highway 78 the Moina Michael Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="21584972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584972" title="Massanutten Governor's School for Integrated Environmental Science and Technology">
Massanutten Governor's School for Integrated Environmental Science and Technology

The Massanutten Regional Governor's School is one of Virginia's 18 state-initiated magnet Governor's Schools, located in Mt. Jackson, in Shenandoah County. It is a part-time school where 11th and 12th grade students take advanced classes in the morning (receiving their remaining classes from their home high school.) The well-publicized rigorous curriculum centers around pressing environmental issues, while incorporating statistical analysis. The education methodology at this magnet school centers around problem-solving and pragmatism in the "real world," while also tackling the ethical and moral conundrums surrounding these often hot-button issues. By taking classes at both Massanutten Regional Governor's School and a home high school, students at Massanutten Regional Governor's School retain ties, such as club involvement and class ranking, to their home institution. 
External links.
Massanutten Regional Governor's School (new website)
Massanutten Regional Governor's School (old website)
Shenandoah County Public Schools
Page County Public Schools
Harrisonburg City Public Schools
Rockingham County Public Schools

</doc>
<doc id="21584979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584979" title="Last Train to Paris">
Last Train to Paris

Last Train to Paris is the fifth studio album by American rapper and producer Diddy, released on December 13, 2010 through Bad Boy Records (Interscope). The album follows Diddy's alter-ego as he travels from London to Paris to regain a lost love. It also introduces the world to Diddy's R&B/Hip-Hop collective, Diddy – Dirty Money, a group consisting of Dawn Richards (formerly of Danity Kane) and singer-songwriter Kalenna Harper. Diddy – Dirty Money perform on the album alongside a total of sixteen guest vocalists, who range from Grace Jones and Lil Wayne, amongst others. To reflect the couture concept of the album, "Last Train to Paris" also features vocal segues from designers and editors of the fashion world including "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and Tommy Hilfiger.
With executive producers Rodney Jerkins, Diddy, Mario Winans and Herve Pierre, "Last Train to Paris" is predominately hip hop but incorporates elements of Eurodance, Italo disco and tech house. It marks Diddy's debut with Interscope Records after he moved his label Bad Boy from Atlantic Records in 2009. The album cover is a photograph at Centre Georges Pompidou (Paris, France) taken by Australian photographer Jarrod "Jrod" Kimber. "Last Train to Paris" was generally well received by critics who praised the addition of Richard and Harper to help Diddy innovate a new sound and produce some unique records.
The release was preceded by four singles "Angels", "Hello Good Morning", "Loving You No More" and "Coming Home" which received mixed success on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The latter has become the most successful, peaking at number twelve on the U.S. Hot 100 and top-five or top-ten in much of Europe. During its opening week "Last Train to Paris" outperformed expectations, debuting eight places higher than predicted at number seven on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 101,000 copies, compared to the 60,000-70,000 copies that "Billboard" had predicted it would sell.
Conception.
Diddy described the "Last Train to Paris" as an "electro-hip-hop-soul funk" album which has been three years in the making. Diddy says the sound of this album was influenced "by being in the dance music world and doing stuff with Felix da Housecat, Erick Morillo, Deep Dish, DJ Hell and being in Ibiza and DC10." The arc will follow Diddy's character as he tours from London to Paris and finds the woman of his dreams - only to lose her, find her, lose her again and find her a final time. The records were conceptualised from Diddy's comments to his producers. He told Alex da Kid (who produced "Coming Home") "I want a beat that makes me feel like a white man in a basement in Atlanta." Diddy said that "most of the producers he worked with, he's been friends with for a long time. The records came together by hanging out with them, taking them to parties and showing them movies". In an interview with MTV News Diddy said "One of the things Money trying to represent is emotion... Not being afraid to show emotion on record. A lot of records out right now — no disrespect to them, but they're all surface. It's about what people have or a dance. All our records are gonna be about love, feelings and emotion. Last Train to Paris is a love story and the most vulnerable album I've ever been involved in. It's raw emotion — you get a feeling, a vibe." Diddy also released an application for the iPhone that integrates his social networking site and Twitter feed. A short film will also accompany the album. Rap producer Bangladesh, also confirmed that he would be producing for the album. According to "New York" magazine, the album was "assembled from 60 or so songs. The genesis of "Last Train to Paris" is full of odd stories involving our hero, ensconced in a darkened studio, barking batty ideas to his production team."
Dirty Money.
"Last Train to Paris" is officially credited to Diddy – Dirty Money. The group was formed when Diddy asked former Danity Kane member, Dawn Richard, and singer-songwriter Kalenna Harper to perform alongside him on the album. In an interview with All Hip-Hop, Diddy said that Dirty Money is "not about no drug money, illegal money, or anything negative". Instead he described it as "a sound, a movement, a crew", something fresh and unique for his new album. He explained that "he wanted to tell a love story" but needed Dirty Money because "he couldn’t just tell the male’s point of view." Further elaborating on the group's name, Diddy told Slant Magazine that its origins are dated back to 2005 when the group was at "a strip club in Jacksonville, Florida, during the Super Bowl. People heard I was there, and all of a sudden so many people came in that I had to rush outside to my truck. I was sitting there with a bunch of money and I was like, 'Damn, this is some dirty money.' A light bulb went off that day." Simon Vozick-Levinson from "Entertainment Weekly" described the group's role on the album as "fleshing out "Last Train"s skeletal storyline, playing jealous lovers, disappointed partners, and commanding divas to his conflicted playboy." Jim Farber of "New York Daily News" said that Dirty Money "sing loudly, often and well -- a good thing", on the disk. Henry Yanney of Soulculture said that "Last Train to Paris" was vocally-led Harper and Richard, who give the album "attitude and style". He said "the duo sing harmoniously and break into solos with much precision and pace, remaining in sync at all times with the abrasive club influenced beats on hand." David Jeffries said that at times Dirty Money came off as "fine background singers or part of Diddy’s Fashion Week posse." Matt Sayles disagreed, stating that on the record, "Diddy takes a backseat" which allowed "Kaleena and Dawn to do a lot of the heavy lifting (and breathing) on a wide range of songs." Dirty Money was inspired by the 1980s bands Soul II Soul and Loose Ends though Diddy pointed out that he "wanted to flip things" by having two girls and one guy in the band. "Two bad divas, one for the left and one for the right side of me". He told Amos Barshad from "New York" that "[The girls in Dirty Money diamonds in the rough. These girls got a certain flavor and swagger, which is rare in this marketplace."
Guest vocals.
Guests included on the album were initially confirmed as Justin Timberlake, Chris Brown, Drake, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, T.I., Swizz Beatz, Grace Jones, Bilal and Wiz Khalifa but the final track list also included Skylar Grey. Richard told MTV News that the album had been in the making before she and Harper joined Diddy to form Dirty Money. She said "I know when Kalenna and I speak, we sometimes feel giddy because people like pioneers of the game said, 'You know what? We want to be on your album,'". Richard also defended the number of guests on the album stating that it was a "labor of love" which is why the group felt like the album needed a "stunning introduction" to the world. Simon Vozick-Levinson of "Entertainment Weekly" said the role of the guests on the album "assorted suave fellows... help fill out [Diddy's side of the conversation." "Vogue" was first to reveal that editors and fashion designers have recorded vocal segues for the album. Among those set to feature on the album are Isaac Mizrahi, André Leon Talley, Zac Posen, Marc Jacobs, Anna Wintour (editor in chief at "Vogue") and Tommy Hilfiger. Talley said of his involved in the album, "'s like great creative thinkers in music who love fashion; swooner Marvin Gaye in his duets with Tammi Terrell comes to mind — what sense of elegance, what Motown glamour!"
Promotion.
On November 21, 2010 Diddy-Dirty Money appeared at the American Music Awards (2010) where they performed "Coming Home".
On December 5, 2010 Diddy released "The Prelude - Last Train to Paris", a free mixtape of seven songs from the upcoming album exclusively through Vogue.com. Later that same day, the group appeared on Saturday Night Live to promote the "Last Train to Paris". They performed "Coming Home" and "Ass on the Floor" with Swizz Beatz. A preluding mixtape, was released exclusively to "Vogue" magazine on December 3, 2010. On December 13, 2010 the album was made available to stream online through Myspace. On December 18, 2010 the group performed at the third annual "WWE Tribute to the Troops" concert. On the chart dated December 25, 2010, "Someone to Love Me" debuted on the U.S. Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart at number fifteen. On January 4, 2010, Angie Martinez premiered a new remix of "Someone to Love Me" on her official website. Titled "The MJB Naked Mix", the new version features Blige and Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne's verse consists of sixteen bars, and a reference to 1994 Mary J. Blige song "My Life". Additionally, the group released another mixtape in time for Valentine's Day 2011. "LoveLove Vs. HateLove" features at least four songs from the "Last Train to Paris" recording sessions plus other songs.
Coming Home tour.
"Rap-Up" initially reported that Diddy-Dirty Money would be touring in support of the album. The "Last Train to Paris" world tour kicked off in March 2011. However when the tour dates were revealed, the tour was actually renamed to The Coming Home Tour. The show kicked off on April 13, 2011 in Minneapolis, running for twenty-one dates before ending in St. Louis on May 15, 2011. Lloyd and Tyga served as the tour's opening acts.
Singles.
"Angels", featuring The Notorious B.I.G., was released as the first single, followed by promo single "Love Come Down" (which does not appear on the final tracklisting); both were released on November 3, 2009. Both tracks, which sample songs by Jay-Z, were not considered successful. The album's second single, "Hello Good Morning" features T.I., was released on March 30, 2010, and spawned several official remixes including versions featuring Rick Ross & Nicki Minaj, Tinchy Stryder & Tinie Tempah (UK Remix), Rick Ross & T.I. and a Grime mix with Skepta. The single peaked at number thirteen on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, number twenty-seven on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number fifty in Canada. "Loving You No More", featuring Drake, was released as the album's third single on September 21, 2010. It was not as successful as its predecessor, only managing to peak at thirty-five on Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs chart and number ninety-one on the Hot 100. Soon after, the Alex da Kid and Jay-Z produced "Coming Home" was announced as the lead single and overall fourth single, released on November 21, 2010. It features additional vocals from Kid's protégé Skylar Grey. It was the album's most successful single, peaking at number eleven on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
According to an official press release from Bad Boy Records, the Usher-assisted "Looking for Love" will be the next single. Despite this confirmation, "Your Love" featuring Trey Songz (with Rick Ross including a verse in the remix) was sent to Rhythmic radio on March 15, 2011, confirming it as the fifth single from the album. It has charted at #41 on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart. The album's sixth single is "Ass on the Floor", featuring Swizz Beatz, released to the United Kingdom. It debuted on the Bubbling Under Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs at number five, before making its full Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart debut at number eighty-eight the following week.
Music videos.
A number of other official music videos have been filmed and released in promotion of the album as a whole. The first music video from "Last Train to Paris" was for first single "Angels". It premiered via MTV on September 21, 2009 and was directed by Diddy and Hype Williams. Promo single "Love Come Down" also received a music video, premiering on November 12, 2009. The vintage club TV style video sees "Diddy and the group set the tone with an all-black motif, dressing in black and performing on a black stage — except for the occasional flash of Diddy's gold teeth. Toward the end, the trio change to all-white outfits before going back to black." A separate music video was filmed for a remix for "Angels", featuring Rick Ross instead of The Notorious B.I.G., premiered on March 2, 2010 with Parris serving as the director. The video also features cameos by Busta Rhymes and DJ Khaled. Williams also directed the music videos for the album's third single "Hello Good Morning", featuring T.I., which premiered in May 2010. Two alternate videos were filmed for the song's remixes; one featuring the remix that includes Rick Ross, and another for the remix that retains Rick Ross, excludes T.I. and includes Nicki Minaj.
In the three weeks preceding the album's release, the group released three music videos. The video for the album's fourth single, "Coming Home", premiered on November 29, 2010, although Skylar Grey does not appear in the video. Additionally, that same day, "Ass on the Floor", featuring Swizz Beatz (which was released as the album's sixth single months later) was released as a free download through Beatz' "Monster Mondays" initiative and the video for the song was released on December 13, 2010. The video was directed by Colin Tilley. This was followed by a video for "Someone to Love Me" on December 10, 2010, which was actually shot over one year earlier, on September 29, 2009 by Nabil. A video for the remix was booked on February 9, 2011 with Colin Tilley, meanwhile a simple video for "I Hate That You Love Me" premiered on February 6, 2011. On January 21, 2011, Diddy-Dirty Money filmed a music video for "Yesterday" with Chris Brown. Tilley has also directed the video for an amended version "Your Love" which features Trey Songz and Rick Ross, which was released on March 30, 2011.
At the end of November 2010, it was reported that a video for "Looking for Love", featuring Usher, will be shot, directed by Tilley. The video premiered on June 3, 2011.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
In its opening week, the "Last Train to Paris" debuted on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart at number seven with 101,000 copies sold. The final figure sold was, in "Billboard"s own words, "rather larger than initial forecasts", which put the album at around number fifteen with 60,000 - 70,000 copies. Despite beating the expectations, the "Last Train to Paris" underperformed against Diddy's previous album, "Press Play" (2006), which debuted at number one with 170,000 copies sold. Thus far, it is Diddy's lowest charting album on this chart as well as Dawn Richard's lowest charting "Billboard" 200 album, the others being with the group Danity Kane. The album also debuted on the U.S. Top Digital Albums chart at number seven and the U.S. R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at number three. It is also both Diddy's and Richard's lowest charting R&B/Hip-Hop album, thus far. "Last Train to Paris" is Kalenna Harper's first appearance on any "Billboard" album chart. , the album has sold around 400,000 copies in the United States.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Last Train to Paris" received positive reviews from most music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 75, based on 13 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". Simon Vozick-Levinson from "Entertainment Weekly" said ""Last Train to Paris"s glittery grooves feel authentically his own." He called "Last Train" a throwback to Diddy's 2007 hit single "Last Night". Its the "electro-laced torch duet blown out to full album length". He concluded by saying "the sheer number of cameos overwhelms the narrative conceit after a while... But who really cares? By that time, you just might be enjoying yourself way too much to notice." Jim Farber of "New York Daily News" was impressed with Dirty Money's contribution to the album. He said "their input gives the CD a cohesion otherwise disrupted by Diddy's usual conga line of guest stars." He pointed out that the album takes on a Eurodance sound and although people might see it as "leaping on that bandwagon but as it turns out, the milieu proves a much better fit for his, er, talents, than any CD he has released so far." Farber concluded by saying "The Euro edge gives the music a leg up on the more conservative (read: American) dance music favored by the most mainstream club act of now -- those ever mushy Peas." Andy Gill of "The Independent" noted Dirty Money's "emphasis on emotion over purely dance imperatives" and dubbed the album "easily the best work Diddy's been involved with in his entire career." Caroline Sullivan of "The Guardian" gave it three out of five stars and stated, "The album is a mess, but a hook-heavy, likable one." 
David Jeffries from Allmusic noted Diddy's "unfiltered self" and "unique attitude", stating "This hook-filled, vibrant effort is that rare heartbreak album that can speak on a lovelorn level and then put a little strut back in your step." Matt Sayles from "The Boston Globe" complimented its concept and praised the mixture of R&B vocals from Dirty Money and the guest features from the range of A-list friends, particularly Grace Jones stating that "There’s no telling why she turns up but she sounds right at home on the thumping club anthem. cameo is just one more pleasant surprise on an album full of them." Brandon Soderberg from "The Village Voice" was also impressed with the artistic creation. He said "Once you hear "Paris"s mish-mash (Diddy’s word) of sounds, all that producer-genius experimentalism makes some sense. Every song is full of swift change-ups and jarring musical detours; Diddy often interrupts these jagged dance tracks to emote... It’s lots of fun, and though confessional in parts, it’s overall far from the self-serious, petulant complaint-raps of say, Drake or Kanye. "Paris" looks back to dance music as soulful catharsis and emotionalism, not the cold thump that’s taken over as of late." Nitsuh Abebe from "New York" magazine said ""Last Train to Paris" is one of the first records that's really made me feel like [Diddy sounds clever. he makes what seems to me to be an aesthetic error, which is that if you want to put sleek, rainy-sounding synths everywhere ... this album hits its mood right, though — gray skies, Eurorail, and drama — it's excellent stuff. The hectic format fades away, and the music actually becomes the hypnotic cruise it aspires to be."
Personnel.
Adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="21584990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21584990" title="Geist und Leben">
Geist und Leben

Geist und Leben. Zeitschrift für christliche Spiritualität ("Spirit and Life. Review for Christian Spirituality") is a bimonthly review published by the German Society of Jesus. Dedicated to the theology of spiritual life, Christian mysticism and the spiritual practice thereof, it is
the only review its kind in the German-speaking countries. It appears six times per year, with 80 pages each issue.
"Geist und Leben" was founded 1926 in Innsbruck as "Zeitschrift für Aszese und Mystik" (Review for Ascesis and Mysticism). 
The basic modern concept of the journal was created by F. Friedrich Wulf SJ – the editor from 1947 up to 1989 – who took part as a theological consultant in the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965). 
Its theological program is influenced by the Spanish review "La vida sobrenatural", founded by J.G. Arintero OP (Bilbao 1921) and the French "Revue d’ascetique et de mystique", established by J. de Guibert SJ (Toulouse 1920).
Its editorial program is informed by an "integrative spirituality" in the tradition of Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Jesuit order.
The aim of "Geist und Leben" is to provide a forum in which people from different theological traditions, who are interested in spirituality, reflect on the Holy Spirit's action in the Church and in their personal lives. It has been published under the title "Geist und Leben" since 1947 (vol. 20) at the publishing house Echter Verlag in Würzburg, Germany. From 1929 to 2004 the editorial office was located in Munich; today it is located in Cologne. Together with "The Way" (Oxford), "Christus" (Paris), "Manresa" (Madrid), and "Review for Religious" (Saint Louis, Missouri), "Geist und Leben" is one of the great Catholic reviews of Christian spirituality published by the Jesuits.
"Geist und Leben" offers also foreign authors a section to share their ideas with its readership. It accepts contributions of quality written in English with a view to translation into German.

</doc>
<doc id="21585020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585020" title="Lady Chatterley's Lover (1955 film)">
Lady Chatterley's Lover (1955 film)

"Lady Chatterley's Lover" () is a 1955 French drama film directed by Marc Allégret who co-wrote screenplay with Philippe de Rothschild and Gaston Bonheur, based on novel "Lady Chatterley's Lover" by D. H. Lawrence. In 1955, the film was banned in the United States because it "promoted adultery", but it was released in 1959 after the Supreme Court reversed that decision.

</doc>
<doc id="21585027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585027" title="1923 Buffalo All-Americans season">
1923 Buffalo All-Americans season

The 1923 Buffalo All-Americans season was their fourth in the league and final season as the All-Americans. The team matched their previous output of 5–4–1, going 5–4–3. They finished eighth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21585036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585036" title="Oskar Fredriksen (speed skater)">
Oskar Fredriksen (speed skater)

Oskar Fredriksen (1872 – 1920) was a Norwegian speedskater.
In 1890 he became the first registered world record holder in the 5,000-meter race. He did it again in 1893 in the 10,000-meter race. In 1894 Fredriksen set a world record in the 500-meter race with a time of 47.8 seconds.
World records.
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com

</doc>
<doc id="21585058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585058" title="Jim Barry">
Jim Barry

Jim 'Tough' Barry (c.1891-1967) was an Irish hurling trainer. In a managerial career that lasted for forty years from 1926 until 1966 he guided the Cork senior inter-county team to twelve All-Ireland titles. An amateur boxer and swimmer in his youth Barry is credited with bringing a forward-thinking and holistic approach to preparing players. A tailor by profession, he visited workplaces to talk to employers on behalf of his players, demanded proper meals for his squads after matches, and was renowned for his ability to have them perfectly pitched for the biggest games.

</doc>
<doc id="21585061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585061" title="Premio Mario Zanfi">
Premio Mario Zanfi

The Premio Mario Zanfi, also known as the Franz Liszt Competition in Parma, is an international piano competition held at the Parma Conservatory since 1981. Past jurors include Lazar Berman, Louis Kentner, Jenő Jandó, Leslie Howard, Azio Corghi, Gleb Axelrod and Boris Petrushansky. It's a member of the Alink-Argerich Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21585085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585085" title="Benny Wenda">
Benny Wenda

Benny Wenda is a West Papuan independence leader and an international lobbyist for the independence of West Papua from Indonesia. He lives in exile in the United Kingdom. In 2003 he was granted political asylum by the British government following his escape from custody while on trial.
He has acted as special representative of the Papuan people in the British Parliament, United Nations and European Parliament. In 2013 he was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize along with West Papuan political prisoner Filep Karma, for their lifetime’s work in struggling for peace, freedom and justice for West Papua.
Early life.
Wenda was born in 1975 in Pyramid Village in the Baliem Valley, in the central highlands of West Papua. In 1977 there was a rebellion of 15,000 Lani people in response to Indonesian military violence towards Papuans. The Indonesian military retaliated, with aircraft bombing Lani villages in the highlands. Those killed included many of Wenda's family. During the bombing raids, one of Wenda's leg was severely injured leading to impaired growth. Between 1977 and 1983 Benny and his family, along with thousands of other highlanders, lived in hiding in the jungle. He was appointed leader by the elders in his tribe, and later after the Lani people surrendered to the Indonesian military he attended a state university, in Jayapura, studying Sociology.
Political leadership.
Wenda became Secretary-General of Demmak (Dewan Musyawarah Masyarakat Koteka), the Koteka Tribal Assembly. Demmak was established by highland tribal elders with the goal of working towards recognition and protection of the customs, values and beliefs of the tribal people of the West Papuan Highlands. It advocates independence from Indonesia, and rejects special autonomy or any other political compromise offered by the Indonesian government. As Secretary-General of Demmak, Wenda represented the council of elders. The organisation supported PDP negotiations with Jakarta to the extent that they represented the aspiration of the Papuan peoples, which they claimed was independence from Indonesia.
Imprisonment.
Wenda was taken into trial in 2002 for allegedly leading a procession of people in an independence rally. The demonstration turned violent, with Indonesian authorities alleging that those present torched two shops and murdered a policeman. Wenda maintains that his arrest and the charges against him were politically motivated, coming at a time when authorities were clamping down on leaders of the independence movement. This clampdown had led to the assassination a few months earlier of the leading pro-independence figure Theys Eluay. Media reports state that Wenda was facing a 25 year jail sentence if found guilty. He was also allegedly subjected to death threats whilst being held in custody.
Wenda escaped prison while on trial. Helped by West Papua independence activists he was smuggled across the border to neighbouring Papua New Guinea. He was later reunited with his wife Maria at a refugee camp. Several months after this he was helped by a European NGO to travel to the UK where he was granted political asylum.
Interpol.
In 2011, the Indonesian Government issued an Interpol red notice seeking Mr Wenda's arrest and extradition. However, after a campaign led by Fair Trials International, in 2012 Interpol removed the red notice after an investigation concluded that the allegations against Mr Wenda were "politically motivated and an abuse of the system" by the Indonesian Government.
Speaking after Interpol had announced they had removed the red notice from their database, Jago Russell, Fair Trials International's chief executive stated "Interpol should be used to fight serious crime but Indonesia has been misusing it to threaten a peaceful political activist". In an interview with UK national the Daily Telegraph newspaper, Mr Wenda stated that he hoped attention would now “shift to the plight of my people in West Papua, who continue to suffer under an Indonesian regime that denies them almost every basic right that people in the west take for granted."
Free West Papua Campaign.
After arriving in the United Kingdom, Benny became the leading spokesperson for the Free West Papua Campaign, which was founded in 2004 by a group of pro-Papuan activists in Oxford. The campaign's stated aims are to spread awareness of the human rights situation and independence aspirations of the people of West Papua, through lobbying governments and developing support throughout civil society. The Free West Papua Campaign movement in the UK has grown to include permanent student groups at British universities and regional groups, as well as permanent offices in Oxford, the Hague and Port Moresby.
In February 2013 Wenda undertook a 'Freedom Tour' to the US, New Zealand, Australia, Papua New Guinea and Vanuatu, with the aim of raising awareness of the self-determination issue. He was blocked from holding a speech at New Zealand national parliament. Opposition parties accused the government of not wanting to upset the Indonesian Government, an important trading partner. Politicians of Greens, Labour and Mana said the decision went "against the spirit of Parliament".
In April 2013, Wenda was joined by Mohammed Abassi, the Lord Mayor of Oxford and local MP Andrew Smith for the opening of a new headquarters for the Free West Papua Campaign. The opening provoked an angry response from the Indonesian Government, with the British Ambassador to Indonesia being summoned to explain why the UK had allowed the office to open.<br>In May 2013, Wenda spoke at the Sydney Opera House as part of the TEDx series, getting a standing ovation in front of the audience of 2500 people. His appearance again provoked an angry response from the Indonesian Authorities, with them launching an official complaint with the Australian Government within hours of him taking the stage.
International Parliamentarians for West Papua.
With British MP Andrew Smith and the peer Lord Harries, Benny Wenda is a founding member of the International Parliamentarians for West Papua. This cross-parliamentary group was launched at the Houses Of Parliament in London in October 2008, and was attended by British parliamentarians including Lembit Öpik and LordBaron Avebury Avebury, as well as politicians from Papua New Guinea, Australia and Vanuatu.
The group is actively developing support from politicians around the world, and its overall aim is to assert enough political pressure on the United Nations to implement a re-run of the Act of Free Choice. As well as the UK launch, IPWP has also had launch events in the European Parliament, Scottish Parliament and also Papua New Guinea.
International Lawyers for West Papua.
In April 2009, Benny Wenda launched the International Lawyers for West Papua. The launch saw a series of high level meetings held by international lawyers in Guyana in South America. The aim of this group is to develop a framework within the international legal community towards outlining the legal basis for West Papuan self-determination, and the "illegality" of the Indonesian "occupation of West Papua".
The launch of International Lawyers for West Papua coincided with Guyana stating their support for West Papuan independence.
The Lani Singers.
Benny and his wife Maria perform traditional West Papuan music as The Lani Singers. In 2008 they released their debut album. Entitled 'Ninalik Ndawi' (Freedom Song), it received reviews in national newspapers including the Guardian and Observer, and music magazines fRoots, Songlines and the Wire. They also did interviews and live sessions on 'World Routes' on BBC Radio 3 and 'A World In London' BBC Radio London. They have also performed at Musicport Festival, Glastonbury Festival and the Thames Festival in London.
Family life.
Benny and Maria met while studying in West Papua, and have been married since 1999. Since being granted political asylum by the British Government they have lived in Oxford with their children.

</doc>
<doc id="21585090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585090" title="Shoxrux">
Shoxrux

Shodmonov Shoxrux O'ktamovich, better known by his stage name Shoxrux, is a rapper, entertainer, and producer in Uzbekistan. He came to fame in 2004 with his song "Hayr bevafo" ("Farewell Unfaithful").
Early life.
Shoxrux was born on January 31, 1986 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan to O'ktam Shodmonov and Shohida Shodmonova. He has two brothers, Farrux and Xurshid. After graduating from school, he was admitted to Toshkent Davlat Iqtisodiyot Universiteti (Tashkent State University of Economics). He first showed singing talent at the age of five.
Career.
Shoxrux's first solo performance was at "Tarona 2004", an annual music awards ceremony in Tashkent. His song "Hayot" was well received. After the ceremony, he developed his career and published his second song, "Hayr Bevafo". A video was also made, and aired on Canal 30, a Tashkent-based entertainment channel.
His first album, "Balandda", was released in 2005 by Tarona Records. The album became popular among young listeners and was commercially successful. The album's first single, "Balandda" ("Up High"), topped the charts on Uzbek radio channels. The album's second single, "Hayolimdasan", was another success for him and was accompanied by a chart-topping video on Uzbek television. His third single, "Bahtli Bo'l" ("Be happy"), a spoken word track, was praised as a different direction for the music industry in Uzbekistan.
Later career.
After his early success, Shoxrux continued to release new songs and perform on stage. His collaborations with other singers have also been successful, such as his collaboration song with pop star Shahzoda, "Qayt", which was popular with fans and topped the charts. His second album, "Bolaligim", was released in 2006. The album was once again commercially and critically acclaimed. Its first single, "Bolaligim" ("My youth"), was a hit in Uzbekistan due to its video, which featured orphans. "Bolaligim" also featured a duet, "Salom", with his cousin Sarvar, a young rapper. The song was popular in Uzbekistan and topped the charts. The album contains Shoxrux's first Russian hit song, "Etaji--Stairs".
In 2007, Shoxrux took a break from the music industry, upsetting many fans, but he later returned and continued his career. His latest hits include "Xato", "Layli va Majnun", and "Ayriliq".
Personal life.
Shoxrux continues to be one of the only vocal performers who sings live instead of lip-syncing.

</doc>
<doc id="21585095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585095" title="Akaike">
Akaike

Akaike is a Japanese surname
Akaike may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21585125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585125" title="Dance the Night Away">
Dance the Night Away

Dance the Night Away may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21585132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585132" title="Larry Tharpe">
Larry Tharpe

Larry James Tharpe (born November 19, 1970 in Macon, Georgia) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the sixth round (145th overall) of the 1992 NFL Draft after playing college football at Tennessee State. 
After two seasons with the Lions, Tharpe played one season for the Arizona Cardinals, then returned to the Lions for another two seasons, and finished his career with the Pittsburgh Steelers for one final season.

</doc>
<doc id="21585136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585136" title="1981 All-Pro Team">
1981 All-Pro Team

The 1981 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1981. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". The Associated Press added a “nose tackle” position in 1981, joining Pro Football Weekly .
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team.; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21585160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585160" title="The Right Alliance">
The Right Alliance

The Right Alliance (RA) — a youth non-governmental organization in Belarus.
At the present time it functions as an organizing committee and aims to get officially registered. The RA stands for conservative, traditional values and supports Belarusian national revival.
Targets.
The RA's targets include work, contribution to creating a strong, independent state, defending the rights of Belarus citizens and Belarusians, living abroad, development of national culture, education, promotion of healthy lifestyle and patriotic ideas in the society.
Tasks.
Among its main targets, the RA names selecting and attracting to organization's activities «devoted sons and daughter of Belarusian people (future elite), ready and able to work for the free, independent and prosperous Republic of Belarus ».
History.
The Right Alliance was founded at the beginning of 2004 by former members of Belarusian Freedom Party (BFP), which got voluntarily dissolved. The RA was founded as an association of Belarusian patriotic youth initiatives.
Today it has several hundred members and representatives in all of the country oblasts (regions).
The organization leader — Jury Karetnikau.
During its existence The RA has organized and conducted dozens of social and national actions and campaigns: recreation of a memorial sign in honor of Kastus Kalinouski on Kalinouski street in Minsk, celebration of the Day of The City in Mahilyow, erection of a memorial cross in the village of Drazhna, torch procession at the Heroes` Day in Slutsk, «Antymak» (Anti-poppy) campaign, aimed at prohibition of sale of opium containing poppy-seeds.
In 2004–2008 the organization was working closely with the right spectrum of Belarusian opposition. It was engaged in organizing security during the first Congress of Democratic Forces (October 2005).
During the presidential elections in 2006 members of The RA, besides spreading informational and canvassing, were providing security for a joint candidate of the UDF (United Democratic Forces) A. Milinkevich.
During the local elections in 2007 12 members of the RA became candidates for deputy (of which 4 in the capital of the country).
Three members of the organization took part in the elections to the House of Representatives in 2008.
Publications: bulletin «Pachodnia», «Vartaunik dziarzhavy» newspaper, «Paudniowy Zachad» district newspaper.
The RA cooperates with the movement "For Freedom" (leader A. Milinkevich), the organizing committee of the BCD (Belarusian Christian Democracy), the PBPF (Party of Belarusian Popular Front) and others, as well as right-wing organizations in Ukraine, Lithuania, Poland.
Symbols.
Coat of arms
Flag

</doc>
<doc id="21585171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585171" title="Halfdan Nielsen">
Halfdan Nielsen

Halfdan Nielsen was a Norwegian speedskater.
He was the second registered world record holder in 10,000 m, when he improved Oskar Fredriksen's record in Stockholm in 1893.
World record.
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com

</doc>
<doc id="21585174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585174" title="Kelsey Davis">
Kelsey Davis

Kelsey Laine Davis (born May 14, 1987) is an American soccer player from Thousand Oaks, California. She is a goalkeeper for the Boston Breakers of Women's Professional Soccer and the United States U-23 women's national soccer team.
Career.
National Team career.
Davis played in the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Thailand and the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship in Russia.
In May 2009, Davis was named to the senior national team roster for two games against Canada. During an exhibition game with the United States U-23 women's national soccer team in June against F.C. Indiana, Davis fractured her jaw and was unable to compete with the U-23 team later that summer in England. 
Davis returned to the U-23 national team in May 2010 and was the starting goalkeeper in two matches between the Germany U-23 national team and the South Korea U-20 national team, sharing the captain's armband with Lauren Fowlkes and Kylie Wright.
Professional career.
Davis was drafted by the Chicago Red Stars at the 2010 WPS Draft, going 24th overall. After returning from national team duty in May 2010, Davis suffered an ACL injury that ended her first WPS season. Davis was signed by the Boston Breakers as a free agent on January 12, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21585182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585182" title="Toddington services">
Toddington services

Toddington Services is a motorway service station on the M1 motorway between junctions 11 and 12 near Dunstable in Bedfordshire, England. It takes its name from the nearby village of Toddington. It is owned by Moto.
Facilities.
The following facilities can be found at Toddington (The Epicentre):
In popular culture.
In the last episode of BBC's Knowing Me Knowing You radio series, Alan Partridge's last guest dies on air. Alan decides to observe a minute's silence, but realises - as it is radio - that a minute of 'dead air' is impossible. He therefore intersperses the silence with an occasional utterance. Thus he suggests to listeners on the road to pull off and join in the minute's silence. He even goes as far as naming a few service stations where they can park their cars. One of them is Toddington.

</doc>
<doc id="21585200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585200" title="2009 ITF Women's Circuit">
2009 ITF Women's Circuit

The ITF Women's Circuit is the second tier tour for women's professional tennis organised by the International Tennis Federation, and is a tier below the WTA Tour. The ITF Women's Circuit includes tournaments with prize money ranging from $10,000 up to $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="21585208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585208" title="Irene Osgood">
Irene Osgood

Irene Osgood (1875 - 12 December 1922) was an American novelist, poet and dramatist. She was born near Richmond, Virginia, in 1875 and spent most of her life in England. She was a daughter of John De Belot. Among her novels were "To a Nun Confessed", "Servitude", "Behind the Fan," "The Garden of Spices", "The House of Dolls", "A Mother of Dreams", T"he Indelicate Duellist", "An Idol's Passion", "The Chant of A Lonely Heart," and other works, including many short stories.
One of her latest works before she died was the drama "Une Aventure de Capitane Lebrun", produced in 1913 at the Theatre Molière, Paris.
Osgood was twice married. Her first husband was Charles Piggot Harvey. Her second husband was Robert Sherard, an English author and great-grandson of the poet Wordsworth. She divorced him in 1915, the contest being a sensation at the time. In 1911 Sherard had brought a court case against his wife, claiming that he had written a number of the books published under her name. She died at Guilsborough Hall, her Northamptonshire residence.
Source.
Obituary: "New York Times", December 13, 1922 [http://query.nytimes.com/mem/archive-free/pdf?res=9907E7D81E39E133A25750C1A9649D946395D6CF]
Divorce for Irene Osgood, "New York Times", January 20, 1915 [http://query.nytimes.com/mem/archive-free/pdf?res=9B04E5DF1E3FE633A25753C2A9679C946496D6CF]
Writer sues wife for mss. and a cat," New York Times", March 23, 1911 [http://query.nytimes.com/mem/archive-free/pdf?_r=1&res=9B04E4D61331E233A25750C2A9659C946096D6CF]

</doc>
<doc id="21585235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585235" title="Bridges TV">
Bridges TV

Bridges TV was a Muslim television network headquartered in Buffalo, New York. Premiering nationally in November 2004, it was the first American Muslim television network to broadcast in the English language. However, this channel was removed on Verizon FiOS on March 15, 2012 with Funimation Channel due to dispute. It closed shortly thereafter since Verizon carried the channel in more markets than all the other providers combined. While Verizon carried Bridges TV system-wide, the network was only available on a very small number of Comcast, Cox, and Time Warner Cable systems.
Designed to counter negative stereotypes of Muslims, the network has received attention from publications and media venues such as "Variety", NBC News, the Voice of America, "Columbus Dispatch", "Detroit Free Press", "San Jose Mercury News", "Rochester Democrat & Chronicle" "The Buffalo News" and "Canadian Press".
In July 2011 BridgesTV moved to New York City in hopes of broadening its influence across America with help from Soundview Broadcasting. Unfortunately the move crippled the company and was only meant for Soundview to absorb Bridges TV's customers and its small influence in the Muslim American Market.
Content.
By focusing its content on the experiences of the estimated eight million Muslims living in North America, Bridges TV differentiates itself from such foreign language programming as Geo TV (which broadcasts in Urdu), Prime TV (which broadcasts in Urdu) and Arab Radio and Television Network (which broadcasts in Arabic). Around the time of its inception, the network announced that it would seek to feature sitcoms that represent American Muslim family life in a positive way and identified "The Cosby Show" as a model for such programming.
In late 2005, Bridges TV started airing "Current Issues", a show produced in Lafayette, Louisiana about Palestinian and other Middle Eastern concerns. The Palestinian American host, Hesham Tillawi, is known for vocalizing criticism against Israel's treatment of Arabs and Muslims. The Anti-Defamation League called his show "a megaphone for Holocaust deniers and white supremacists seeking to broadcast their hatred and anti-Semitism into American homes with a "who's who" of notable American antisemites including David Duke, Willis Carto, Edgar J. Steele, Mark Weber, and Bradley Smith. 
Another program shown on Bridges TV, "American Pilgrimage", featured Rabbi Brad Hirschfield visiting homes and mosques of leading imams and Muslim religious thinkers across North America in cities including Halifax, Detroit, San Francisco, New York City and Washington, DC. The series has been described as "groundbreaking" and has been characterized as having a "Charlie Rose meets Charles Kuralt" format.
World heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali, a subscriber and spokesperson for the network, said: "Bridges TV gives American Muslims a voice of their own on the airwaves for Americans of all races and religions to hear." Network official expressed the opinion that a channel like Bridges TV was long overdue and market research sponsored by the network revealed American Muslims' willingness to pay as much as $10 per month above and beyond their current cable television or satellite television fee for the channel.
Leadership.
Muzzammil S. Hassan, founder and CEO of Bridges TV, expressed belief "that moderate Muslims cannot identify with the extreme stereotypes often depicted in Hollywood productions" and said "They think they are not accurately portrayed...Bridges TV gives American Muslims a voice and will depict them in everyday, real life situations." Hassan also said he hoped the Bridges TV network would balance negative portrayals of Muslims following the attacks on September 11, 2001.
Murder.
In February 2009, Hassan was arrested and charged with beheading his estranged wife Aasiya Zubair who also worked for Bridges TV. Her decapitated body was found at the TV station. Dr. Khalid Qazi, president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council of Western New York and a friend of the couple, said that Hassan "was worried about the station's future...He was stressed" and added "Domestic violence is despicable, and Islam condones it in no way whatever." Shortly after the arrest of Muzzammil Hassan, Bridges TV posted the following notice on their website:
Bridges TV is deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan. Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim. We request that their right to privacy be respected.
In the aftermath of Aasiya Zubair Hassan's death, Bridges TV shut down its news operations for three months, although it continued to present other programming. The news operation has since resumed, and the network continues to operate, although on a smaller scale than previously projected. As of May 2010, the network reported that it was carried in 4 million homes in two dozen markets. Hassan was convicted in February 2011 of second-degree murder.

</doc>
<doc id="21585239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585239" title="Aso Shrine">
Aso Shrine

History.
Aso Shrine at Mount Aso in Kyushu is traditionally held to have been a center of worship before the accession of Emperor Jinmu. The "shikinaisha" shrine complex at Ichinomiya in what is today Kumamoto prefecture was said to have been established in 281. 
Records link the founding of the shrine to the reign of Emperor Keikō. By the middle of the 11th century, the shrine was involved in national issues as they played out across Kyushu.
This Shinto shrine is dedicated to the veneration of Tateiwatatsu-no-Mikoto, who was a grandson of Japan's first emperor and the brother of Emperor Suizei, the second monarch on the traditional list of emperors. In the same period that Emperor Jimmu was establishing his palace at Kashihara at the foot of Mount Unebi in Yamato province, Tateiwatasu was sent to Aso where he helped establish a number of agricultural communities; and later, he is said to have built a palace at Miyagi. 
The original location of the shrine is uncertain because it was destroyed and rebuilt many times in or near the crater of Aso-zan. The present buildings date only from the "Tenpō" era (1830–1843).
"Aso" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Higo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Kumamoto Prefecture. 
From 1871 through 1946, the Aso Shrine was officially designated one of the "Kanpei-taisha" (官幣大社), meaning that it stood in the first rank of government supported shrines.
Shinto belief.
Aso-no-Ōkami, the "kami" or spirit who dwells at Aso Shrine has been worshipped from early times as the guardian deity of safety in navigation, and today, Aso-no-Ōkami is popular as a god protecting worshippers from traffic accidents and other untoward events.
Yabusame is an annual festival which brings together horse-mounted archers, special arrows and targets, and Shinto ritual at Aso Shrine.
The "Aso no Himatsuri" festival has its origin in the month of March festivals such as "Aso no Noyaki" (the first burning in Aso) and "Aso jinja no Hifuri shinji" (the fire ritual of Aso Shrine). Although rarely performed today, ceremonies which honor ancestors who settled near the Aso caldera do continue to be associated with the Aso jinja.
Related shrines.
Other Aso shrines include:

</doc>
<doc id="21585248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585248" title="Felicity Dean">
Felicity Dean

Felicity Dean (born 24 January 1959) is a British film, stage and television actress.
Early life.
Dean was born as Felicity Jane Dean at St George's Hospital at Hyde Park Corner London in 1959. She attended the Hurst Lodge School in Sunningdale England. She left the school winning The De Valois Prize for Drama.
Career.
Film.
Her film career began when she was cast as Lady Jane Grey in the 1977 feature film "The Prince and the Pauper" opposite Mark Lester, Oliver Reed, Raquel Welch and Charlton Heston. In 1978 she was labelled "One of the 10 Women to Watch" in that year by "Cosmopolitan" magazine. 1979 saw Dean play the role of Caroline in the Mike Leigh film "Who's Who". Dean played the role of Dawn Meadows in Joseph Losey's 1985 feature film "Steaming" opposite Vanessa Redgrave, Sarah Miles and Diana Dors. She also appeared that same year in "Water", directed by Dick Clement. She played Sarah opposite Michael Caine, Billy Connolly and Leonard Rossiter.
In 1985 Dean played Betsy in the Hugh Hudson film "Revolution" opposite Al Pacino and Donald Sutherland. She has continued to work with Pacino on his own personal projects.
In 1987 Dean played Cynthia Goodburn in "The Whistle Blower", again opposite Michael Caine alongside Nigel Havers.
In 2011 Dean played the role of Jacqui in "The Wedding Video" directed by Nigel Cole opposite Dame Harriet Walter, Rufus Hound and Robert Webb.
Stage.
Dean has had an extensive stage career. In 1982 she auditioned for the Royal Shakespeare Company and originated the role of Annie in "Good" by C. P. Taylor. This production transferred to London's West End and then to Broadway. Douglas Watt from the "Daily News" said "the performance and mounting of the work are flawless... in an eventually moving piece of theatre one of its assets is the fine work by Felicity Dean as mistress Anne".
Other stage work includes "An Honourable Trade" directed by Mike Bradwell for The Royal Court, Olivia in "Twelfth Night" for Nancy Meckler, for the Royal Shakespeare Company, Bianca in "The Taming of the Shrew" directed by Jonathan Miller, Julietta in "Hyde Park", and Caroline in "The Churchill Play", both for Barry Kyle.
In 1994 Dean played Imogen in "Wicked Old Men" for director Jude Kelly at the West Yorkshire Playhouse. Dean played Fanny Wilton in the Richard Eyre production of "John Gabriel Borkman" at The National Theatre in 1996 opposite Paul Scofield, Eileen Atkins and Vanessa Redgrave. Dean received excellent national critical acclaim for this role. 
In 1998 Dean took the role of Masha in "Three Sisters" at Birmingham Rep under the direction of Bill Bryden, opposite Charles Dance. For this Dean was nominated for "The Critics Guild Award for Best Actress".
In 2002 she also received high critical acclaim for her roles in "The Coast of Utopia" directed by Trevor Nunn again at the National Theatre. 2003 saw her again under the direction of Barry Kyle, this time at Shakespeare's Globe as Regan in "King Lear".
In 2007 she played the role of Dona Elvira in "Don Juan", directed by Neil Bartlett at the Lyric Hammersmith. David Giles cast her in 2009 in "Underfoot in Showbusiness", a fast paced new comedy from acclaimed New York writer Charles Leipart. Giles cast her again in 2009 as Pamela Harriman in another Charles Leipart play, "Swimming at The Ritz", a two hander based around the life of Harriman in which Dean played opposite Jos Vantyler. After Giles' death in early 2010, the production was revived, due to its initial success, this time under the direction of Roland Jaquarello. It would see Dean again being awarded rave reviews for her role as Harriman and continuing to play into 2011.
In September 2013 Sir Jonathan Miller directed the Gala Performance of William Shakespeare's King Lear at The Old Vic in London. Dean played Goneril opposite, Joss Ackland as King Lear, Michael York, Tony Robinson, Greta Scacchi, Honeysuckle Weeks, John Nettles, Robert Young, Tony Britton, Shaun Dooley, Barrie Rutter and Jos Vantyler.
Television.
In 1977 Felicity played a significant guest role as Sara in the 2nd episode of the first season of The Professionals' entitled 'The Female Factor' (by Brian Clemens) starring opposite Gordon Jackson, Martin Shaw and Lewis Collins. fi'English novelist Rebecca West, perhaps best known for her reports on the Nuremberg Trials, personally picked Dean to play Laura Bowen, the heroine of her novel "The Birds Fall Down" in a five-part BBC adaptation produced by Jonathan Powell in 1978. Critically acclaimed, this led to Dean going on to play many parts on television including Guinevere in "The Legend of King Arthur" for the BBC in 1978, Belinda Harlowe in "The Far Pavilions" opposite Ben Cross and Rupert Everett in 1984, and the Lynda La Plante series "Trial & Retribution" in 1999.
Dean went on to play Mrs Clay in "Persuasion", directed by Roger Michell. She appeared in "The Last of the Blonde Bombshells" with Judi Dench and Ian Holm, again written by Alan Plater (2000), as Dido in "Stuart: A Life Backwards" in 2007, and as Elaine in the series "Talk to Me" with Max Beesley in 2007.
She has also appeared in many popular television programmes between 1990 and 2009, including "Midsomer Murders", "Peak Practice", "Casualty", "New Tricks", "Rosemary & Thyme", "Die Kinder", "Van Der Valk", "The Inspector Alleyn Mysteries", "Kavanagh QC", "Wycliffe", "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates", "Lovejoy", "Doctors", and "Murder in Suburbia".

</doc>
<doc id="21585263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585263" title="Omega Delta Sigma">
Omega Delta Sigma

Omega Delta Sigma (ΩΔΣ) National Veterans Fraternity, also known as ODS, is a leadership and service based Co-ed fraternity, as listed on the service fraternities and sororities page.
History.
Omega Delta Sigma was founded at the University of Florida in 1999, as a way for veterans to come together, share experiences, and meet other veterans.
Purpose.
ΩΔΣ have three well-defined goals:
Early years.
In its early beginnings, the Founding Fathers of Omega Delta Sigma came together because they shared a common brotherhood, their service to the country. The fraternity was disbanded in 2004 because of the members service obligations, graduations, and career opportunities.
Founding Fathers.
1999 Founding Fathers of Omega Delta Sigma
Carlos Espitia
Dave Morton
Scott Raeburn
Jason Cottey
National Chapter Founder
Peter Ficnerski
The Chapter Founding Fathers
National Presidents
Philanthropy.
Omega Delta Sigma provides help the Chapter's local communities. Omega Delta Sigma's also provides proceeds to such organizations as Wounded Warrior Project, Support The Troops, and Toys for Tots. Each Chapter also engages in their own type of philanthropy events throughout the Year.
Omega Delta Sigma Today.
Since its founding, Omega Delta Sigma has established a number of other chapters located across the United States and is alway looking to expand where there are veterans willing to form a chapter.
National Headquarters.
In the heart of Pennsylvania is the small town of State College and is home to The Pennsylvania State University (PSU) and the PA-A Chapter of Omega Delta Sigma.
Creed.
Professional- A Professional is a civilized, determined, educated, sensitive, and well-mannered man. The bothers of Omega Delta Sigma use the word gentleman to describe the respect we show for our peers and superiors. It is in our nature to be considerate and helpful to others. We are the elite of the University and carry ourselves in a way that honors our education, extracurriculars and professions.
Scholar- Scholastics help keep the gentleman’s mind fine honed. The physical strength of a brother of Omega Delta Sigma is nothing without the pursuit of bettering themselves and society through scholarship. Without the awesome strength of the mind, the power of the body cannot be realized. It is because of this and the never-ending pursuit of excellence that a member of Omega Delta Sigma is, and always will be a scholar.
Warrior- The spirit of the warrior is the driving force within all members of Omega Delta Sigma, forged by the never-ending passion for self-betterment and an unwavering adherence to strong moral values. As a warrior we stand erect, our eyes always looking to the challenges tomorrow brings, and never back to the challenges faced prior.
Omega Delta Sigma Chapters Established.
Affiliations.
Other Veteran Organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="21585282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585282" title="The Slay Stack Grows">
The Slay Stack Grows

The Slay Stack Grows is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Slough Feg (formerly *The Lord Weird Slough Feg*).
Track Listing.
Tracks 1-9: 1st Demo "The White Tape", 1990
Track 10-15: Live at the Fire Hall in Altoona, PA, Summer 1990
Track 16-17: 5th Demo Tape, San Francisco, CA, 1994
Track 1-3: Live at the Cocodrie, San Francisco, CA, May 15, 1999 
Track 4-9: Live in Stuttgart Germany, August 28, 2000
Track 10-15: Live at Lucifer's Hammer, San Francisco, CA, December 17, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="21585283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585283" title="Charles William Mayo">
Charles William Mayo

Charles William Mayo (July 28, 1898 – July 28, 1968) was an American surgeon, and a member of the board of governors of the Mayo Clinic beginning in 1933. He was the son of Mayo Clinic co-founder Charles Horace Mayo and Edith (Graham) Mayo.
In addition to his skill as a surgeon, he was also known as a medical administrator whose work was key in the development of group medical practice. He chaired the Mayo Foundation, and the board of regents at the University of Minnesota. He also had a role in the United Nations, appointed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower, and was elected president of the American Association for the United Nations in February 1954.
He and his wife Alice had six children. He died in a motor vehicle accident on his 70th birthday, near Rochester, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="21585292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585292" title="Rodney H. Brady">
Rodney H. Brady

Rodney Howard Brady (born 1933) was for many years the CEO and president of Deseret Management Corporation. Also from 1978 to 1985 he was the president of Weber State College.
Brady is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). From 1953 to 1955 he served as a missionary for the LDS Church in Great Britain. He received his bachelor's degree and MBA from the University of Utah. He then received a doctorate in business administration from Harvard Business School. 
From 1970 to 1972 Brady was the assistant secretary for management in the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. Before that time, he had served as an officer in the United States Air Force.
After stepping down as president of Weber State College in 1985, Brady became the President and CEO of Bonneville International that same year. He remained in his position with Bonneville until the formation of the Deseret Management Corporation in 1996 and his placement as the President and CEO of that organization.
Brady served as an LDS Church bishop in California, as president of the church's Los Angeles California Stake, and as a patriarch.
Brady plans to step down as head of Deseret Management Corporation in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21585298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585298" title="El Truco">
El Truco

"El Truco" () is the fourth and last single by Daddy Yankee from his album "Barrio Fino en Directo".

</doc>
<doc id="21585301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585301" title="Andy Schmidt">
Andy Schmidt

Peter Andrewes "Andy" Schmidt is a comic book editor and writer. He is best known for his work at Marvel and is now editing and writing at other companies.
Biography.
At Marvel Schmidt was an Associate Editor and mainly worked on the "Marvel Heroes" group of titles under Tom Brevoort. In 2006 he oversaw the Annihilation storyline, a major event involving a range of Marvel's cosmic characters.
In June 2008 it was announced that Schmidt had left Marvel and is now at IDW Publishing editing "Star Trek" and the revival of "G.I. Joe". He has also taken up comic writing, with his first series being "Challenger Deep" at Boom! Studios, with an announced three-issue comic book adaptation of "".
He owns and teaches at Comics Experience, a school dedicated to teaching comics writers and artists.
Bibliography.
Editor.
Comics he has edited include:
Writer.
Comics.
Comics he has written include:
Books.
He has also written about creating comics:

</doc>
<doc id="21585321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585321" title="Bruce Maggs">
Bruce Maggs

Bruce MacDowell Maggs is a former computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University, currently teaching at Duke University, and Vice President of Research for Akamai Technologies. He specializes in computer systems and network theory research.
Personal life.
Maggs is a co-creator of "Avatar", an early multiplayer online game developed at the University of Illinois in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="21585322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585322" title="Tremella aurantia">
Tremella aurantia

Tremella aurantia is a species of fungi in the family Tremellaceae. The common name of this species is Golden ear "T. aurantia" is similar in appearance to witch's butter, "Tremella mesenterica", but has basidia which are stalked instead of sessile and parasitizes the mycelium of "Stereum hirsutum" instead of "Peniophora".

</doc>
<doc id="21585343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585343" title="The Curry Mile">
The Curry Mile

The Curry Mile is a 2006 novel written by the Pakistani Manchester-based novelist, Zahid Hussain. The debut novel was also the first book published by Suitcase Press. The book is set on Wilmslow Road, also known as the Curry Mile, in the Rusholme area of Manchester. The novel is a piece of urban realism written in dual narrative. It charts the life of a Pakistani family in the restaurant trade.
Reception.
Rachel Hore from "The Guardian" newspaper wrote, "Sparky characters, exuberant idiom and rich detail combine to make this an enjoyable slice of Desi life, Manchester style".
Ziauddin Sardar named "The Curry Mile" one of the books of the year in "New Statesman Magazine" and wrote, ""The Curry Mile" by Zahid Hussain tells the story of a young, rebellious Muslim woman who is forced to rescue her father's restaurant business in Manchester's Asian area. Squabbling families with overbearing fathers, neighbourhood business feuds, charlatan mystics, music and mayhem - all human life is there".

</doc>
<doc id="21585348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585348" title="Sirius Calling">
Sirius Calling

Sirius Calling is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in April, 2003 in Madison, Wisconsin and released in 2004 on the Pi Recordings label. It features performances by Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell and Don Moye with Malachi Favors Maghostut on what would be the final album before his death. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that "The music is as adventurous as ever ... the interplay between the four musicians, the mood variation (which ranges from jubilant to introspective sound explorations) and the wide range of tonal colors (Mitchell and Jarman play many different instruments) usually keep the concise music continually intriguing".

</doc>
<doc id="21585349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585349" title="Kristian Strøm">
Kristian Strøm

Kristian Strøm (24 December 1892 – 10 November 1980) was a Norwegian speedskater.
He set a world record in 5000 m in 1917, when he improved Oscar Mathisen's previous record in Trondheim. This record lasted four years, until it was beaten by Harald Strøm in 1921.
Strøm became national all-round champion in 1916, 1917, 1919 and 1920, and took five King's Cups.
He represented the club Hortens SK, and chaired the Norwegian Skating Association from 1929 to 1931.
World record.
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com

</doc>
<doc id="21585361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585361" title="Mike Panepinto">
Mike Panepinto

Michael Gino (Mike) Panepinto (born November 17, 1965 in Buffalo, New York) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League. He attended Canisius College. He would play with the Buffalo Bills in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21585371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585371" title="Jan Ramberg">
Jan Ramberg

Jan Åke Ramberg (born February 1, 1932) is a Swedish lawyer and professor "emeritus" specialising in commercial law, and national and international arbitration court judge. Ramberg is also a member of the International Arbitration Court of London.
Jan Ramberg graduated in 1955 from Uppsala University, and obtained his LL.D. from Stockholm University in 1970. From 1970 to 1997 he worked as a civil law professor, and from 1994 to 1996, he was the Dean of the Faculty of Law. Ramberg has also been a practising lawyer and partner in the law office of Johan Ramberg (later Vinge & Ramberg, today Vinge) in Gothenburg and has worked on the Boards of several corporations, such as Svenska Handelsbanken. From 1980 to 1985, he was the Chairman and Director of Transecure S.A. Luxemburg. As Vice President of the International Chamber of Commerce's Commission on International Commercial Practice and Chairman of a work group which in 1980, 1990, and 2000 prepared Incoterm document revisions, he has been involved in international trade law and practices development for more than three decades. Ramberg is the author of many academic books and articles on contract law, maritime law, transport law and Incoterms, published in English, German and Swedish.
Ramberg has actively worked in the sphere of maritime law, having been the President of the Maritime Law Association of Sweden, a member of the editorial board of "Lloyd's Maritime and Commercial Law Quarterly", President of the Board of the Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law, as well as the Honorary Vice-President of the Comité Maritime International.

</doc>
<doc id="21585409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585409" title="Gott fähret auf mit Jauchzen, BWV 43">
Gott fähret auf mit Jauchzen, BWV 43

History and words.
Bach composed the cantata in his third year in Leipzig for the feast of Ascension. The prescribed readings for the feast day were from the Acts of the Apostles, the prologue and Ascension (), and from the Gospel of Mark, Jesus telling his disciples to preach and baptise, and his Ascension ().
The text of the cantata is unusual as it consists mostly of a poem in six stanzas, which forms movements 5 to 10 of the work in 11 movements. The structure is similar to that of cantatas by Bach's cousin Johann Ludwig Bach, court conductor in Meiningen, that Bach performed during 1726: Old Testament quotation, recitative, aria, New Testament quotation, poem, chorale. The first quotation is taken from Psalm 47 () and is traditionally understood as a reference to the Ascension. The other quotation in movement 4 is verse 19 from the gospel. An unknown poet paraphrased in recitative and aria an idea from Psalm 68 () as well as its quotation in the Epistle to the Ephesians (), "when he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive". In movement 7 he used the motif of Christ in the winepress.
The cantata is closed by the first and thirteenth stanza of Johann Rist's hymn "" (1641). Bach would later use stanza four of the chorale for his "Ascension Oratorio". The cantata consists of two parts, to be performed before and after the sermon. Bach first performed it on 30 May 1726.
Scoring and structure.
The cantata is festively scored for four vocal soloists (soprano, alto, tenor and bass), a four-part choir, three trumpets, timpani ("tamburi" in the autograph), two oboes, two violins, viola and basso continuo.
Music.
The opening chorus with the full orchestra is the "centre of gravity" of the cantata. It opens with an introduction marked "adagio", played by the strings doubled by the oboes. Then a fugue begins, two instrumental entries are followed by choral entries, a climax is reached in an entry of the first trumpet. A second fugue includes remote and minor keys. The second part of the text, "" (sing praises to God, sing praises unto our King) is first sung in homophony, but then presented in a third fugue on the theme of the first, followed by a homophonic coda. A secco recitative leads to the first aria, accompanied by the violins in unison. The complete text is sung three times in different sections. The New Testament quotation is sung not by the bass as the "" but, likely because Jesus is not speaking himself, instead the soprano narrates "So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God" as a secco recitative. Movement 5 concludes Part I and is based on the first stanza of the poem. The soprano is accompanied by the strings, doubled by the oboes. In the middle section, the words "" (He finishes His course on earth, literally: "He finishes the course of the earth") are expressed by an upward melisma and one downward on the repeat of the words.
Part II handles the other five stanzas of the poem, alternating recitative and aria. The first recitative is accompanied by the strings, the others are secco. The bass aria is highlighted by an obbligato trumpet part, but it is so difficult that Bach gave it to a violin in a later performance. The words "" (full of sorrow, torment and pain) are illustrated by a slower tempo and harmonic tension. The following recitative refers in the end to the view towards heaven, expressed by an upward motion. The last aria, accompanied by the oboes, enjoys the victory over the enemies, in a vision of peace rather than a description of a battle, but stresses the words "" (out of suffering, distress and ignominy) by "harmonic darkening". The closing chorale is a four-part setting of the melody of "", composed by Johann Schop in 1641. According to Klaus Hofmann, the setting was composed not by Bach himself, but by Christoph Peter (1626–89), cantor in Guben, as printed in the "Neu Leipziger Gesangbuch" (New Leipzig hymnal) of 1682.
Sources.
The first source is the score.
Several databases provide additional information on each cantata:

</doc>
<doc id="21585429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585429" title="Rachel Pickup">
Rachel Pickup

Rachel Pickup is a British theatre, television and film actress. She was born in London on 15 July.
She won a place at the National Youth Theatre under the artistic directorship of Edward Wilson and subsequently was offered a place at RADA.
Before she graduated she got a leading role in the BBC series "No Bananas", her first professional engagement. This was followed by a role opposite the late Alan Bates in Mike Poulton's "Fortune's Fool". Other major theatre roles followed, including Irina in Mike Poulton's translation of "Three Sisters" for Bill Bryden, Olivia in "Twelfth Night" for Terry Hands, Helena in "All's Well That Ends Well" for Irina Brook, Portia in "Julius Caesar" for David Farr at the RSC, Sylvia in "The Two Gentlemen of Verona" and Helena in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" also for the RSC.
In 2003 she appeared at The Old Vic in "King Lear" playing Cordelia. This was followed by Ophelia in Calixto Bieito's "Hamlet", for which she won a Herald Angel award, and Helen of Troy in "Troilus and Cressida" for Peter Stein.
She also won a MEN Best Supporting Actress Award for her performance in "Time and the Conways" at the Royal Exchange theatre in Manchester. She had small roles in the films "Basil" and "AKA".
She is the daughter of actor Ronald Pickup, with whom she acted for the first time in 2008 in an episode of "Midsomer Murders", and daughter of playwright Lans Traverse.
Rachel starred at the Criterion Theatre in "The 39 Steps" and has worked with Sir Peter Hall several times, including his 2009 revival of "Bedroom Farce". She was nominated for a Critics' Circle Best Actress Award for her performance in "Miss Julie" with Stephen Unwin at the Rose Theatre, Kingston.
In 2011 she moved to the USA to appear in the Shakespeare Theatre Company's production of "An Ideal Husband", and subsequently moved from Washington DC to New York. In August 2011 she made her New York Off Broadway debut in the Irish Repertory Theatre's 20th Anniversary production of "Dancing at Lughnasa".

</doc>
<doc id="21585491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585491" title="Someone Named Eva">
Someone Named Eva

Someone Named Eva is a young adult novel by Joan M. Wolf. It concentrates on the life of Milada, an eleven-year-old Czech girl who lives during World War II, after Hitler annexes Czechoslovakia during the years 1942–1945.
Plot summary.
Milada, a young Czechoslovakian girl, lives in the village of Lidice. She doesn't understand at first when the Nazi soldiers came to her house, separating Milada, her mother, her younger sister Anechka and her grandmother. Her father and her older brother, Jaro, are separated from the rest of the family, and taken elsewhere.
Milada, her mother, grandmother and Anechka are held together with the rest of the female inhabitants of Lidice in a school building. She is tested by doctors there who measure her nose, eyes and color of her hair. With her "perfect" features and blonde hair, Milada fits the perfect German girl .She is sent to a center outside of Pucshkau, Poland, along with one of her classmates and several Polish girls. She is separated from her family. While in the center, Milada is renamed Eva and the other girls are renamed too. The camp is brutal. As hard as she works to remember, she forgets a little about herself in the process. She spends two years around other girls including Siegrid, Elsa, Gerde, Leisel, and Franziska. Elsa had to leave with her younger sister Heidi.
Once judged sufficiently trained, she is adopted by a German family from Fürstenberg near The Werner family is composed of Vater, (father in German) who is a high official at the Nazi government, Mutter (mother), and Elsbeth and Peter, her [adoptive sister and brother. While there, she notices a horrible smell that penetrates the house most of the time. She later learns that that smell is from the bodies being burnt in the Ravensbruck camp, where Vater works at.
One day, as she is walking back to the house after a picnic with Elsbeth, Eva hears the Czech anthem being sung. Coming closer, she discovers a concentration camp with female prisoners. This brings back memories, enabling Milada to see clearly who she really is. Elsbeth explains to her that this is the Ravensbruck concentration camp, and that her Vater is the head of the camp.
By April 1945, the Nazis are losing on all the war fronts and Berlin is encircled by the Russian troops. Vater and Peter decide to go hiding and separates from the rest of the family, while Mutter, Elsbeth and Eva move to a shelter made in the to protect themselves. In May, Soviet [Red Army troops come and ask for the left by Vater in his office, but Mutter tells them that she is not aware of anything. They leave without causing any harm to the family, but having tore apart the house inside, and taking everything in Vater's office.
A few days later, Hitler is declared dead and the war is over. 
Some time after, someone who works for the Cross Association comes to the house and announces that Milada's mother is alive and she has launched a search for her daughter. Milada recognizes that she is the person they are looking for. At that moment Eva is Milada again. She is taken back to Czechoslovakia.
She meets her mother in Prague, discovering that she was indeed detained in Ravensbruck, a few steps away from the Werner household. Milada also learns that sadly her father and brother, Jaro, along with all the other men and teenage boys were shot by the German Nazis near a barn and then buried in a massive grave the same day after they were separated. She also learns that her grandmother died in the Ravensbruck concentration camp because of her old age. Her sister Anechka was adopted into a German family and the Red Cross is looking for her.
Milada's mother was in poor condition, but managed to recover over time. Once they were ready, they return to Czechoslovakia, Lidice but discover that their house, as well as all other houses in Lidice, were completely destroyed and burnt down by the Germans. Milada and her mother live at the house of their cousin in Prague. Milada has to learn the Czech language nearly from scratch. Milada and her mother get closer again as they tell each other what happened during the horrific times of their separation. Finally, Milada manages to recover her true identity and pride.
References.
Associated Press. "Secret Nazi "Lebensborn Children Go Public." Msn online posting. Europe on Msnbc.com. Msnbc, 4 Nov. 2006. Web. 22 Feb. 2011. <http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15548608/>.
"The 'Lebensborn' Program (1935-1945)." Jewish Virtual Library. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. <http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Holocaust/Lebensborn.html>.
"Lidice-memorial." Lidice-memorial. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. <http://www.lidice-memorial.cz/default_en.aspx>.
"Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award." Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Book Award. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. <http://www.rcyrba.org/2010Resources.htm>.
"Revealed: Nazi Scheme to Kidnap 'Aryan' Children from Occupied Countries." Mail Online. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-486964/Revealed-Nazi-scheme-kidnap-Aryan-children-occupied-countries.html>.
"Someone Named Eva." CCBC Recommended Books. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. <http://www.education.wisc.edu/ccbc/books/detailBook.asp?idBooks=3063>.
"Stolen Children." Jewish Virtual Library. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. <http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Holocaust/children.html>.

</doc>
<doc id="21585507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585507" title="Zero-carbon city">
Zero-carbon city

A zero-carbon city runs entirely on renewable energy; it has no carbon footprint and will not cause harm to the planet. Most cities throughout the world produce energy by burning coal, oil and gas, unintentionally emitting carbon. Almost every activity humans do involves burning one of these fossil fuels. To become a zero carbon city, an established modern city must collectively reduce emissions of greenhouse gases to zero and all practices that emit greenhouse gases must cease. Also, renewable energy must supersede other non-renewable energy sources and become the sole source of energy, so a zero-carbon city is a renewable-energy-economy city. This transition which includes decarbonising electricity (increasing the importance of the sources of renewable electricity) and zero-emission transport, is undertaken as a response to climate change. Zero-carbon cities maintain optimal living conditions while eliminating environmental impact. Instead of using established cities, many developers are starting from scratch in order to create a zero-carbon city. This way they can make sure every aspect of a city contributes to it being carbon free.
Cities aspiring to be Carbon-free.
There are two places that are prototyped to become zero-carbon cities: Masdar City, United Arab Emirates and Dongtan, China. Once created these cities will become living examples of sustainable development, which demonstrate optimal resource utilization.
Masdar City.
One of the world's first zero-carbon cities, called Masdar City, is being constructed in the Gulf emirate of Abu Dhabi, it is set to house 50,000 people. Construction began in February 2008. The desert city is designed to be powered entirely with renewable energy, including solar power and wind power. The Masdar Initiative is an environmental urban ambition by Foster + Partners to develop a sustainable city. They recently released these beautiful images of their conceptual walled city where residents would enjoy a carbon and waste-free environment. The 6 million square metre project is based on the principles of an ancient walled city, combined with modern alternative energy technologies. The mixed-use, high density city will include a University, Innovation Center, Company Headquarters and several economic zones. The company plans to launch the project at Cityscape Abu Dhabi 2007. The initiative is being driven by the Abu Dhabi Future Energy Company. There are critics who say that the city appears cold and uninviting, like a computer microchip. However, the fact remains that this project will be a world first, and that it “promises to question conventional urban wisdom at a fundamental level. Masdar promises to set new benchmarks for the sustainable city of the future.” The city will be entirely self-sustaining Masdar CEO, Sultan Al Jaber explained, “There is nothing like this in the world. We are creating a synergetic environment; it is a true alternative energy cluster. Here you will find researchers, students, scientists, business investment professionals, and policy makers all within the same community. It will be a living example of sustainable development that will position Abu Dhabi and Masdar at the forefront of intelligent resource utilization. It will combine the talent, expertise and resources to enable the technological breakthroughs necessary for truly sustainable development. ”Construction of this large-scale project will occur in two well-planned phases. In phase one of the project a large solar photovoltaic power plant will be built as a central energy source. In phase two urban growth will occur. The site is located in close proximity to Abu Dhabi’s transportation infrastructure, which will allow for easy access to and from surrounding communities. An efficient network of rail, road and public transit will link the city to central Abu Dhabi and the international airport.
Dongtan.
Dongtan, China is located at the east end of Chongming and is adjacent to the Chongming Dongtan National Nature Reserve. Seeing as this area is near a wetlands, some question its effects on the surrounding environment. The director of the project, Peter Head, insists it will not affect the wetlands. The developers plan on a fully built city, with 80,000 residents by 2020. Dongtan development plans include use of the ten principles of eco-cities.
Adjacent to booming Shanghai, plans are coming together for the prototypical city of Dongtan, which designers argue would be the world’s first truly sustainable new urban development. London-based Arup and the Shanghai Industrial Investment Corporation (SIIC), the city’s investment branch, have partnered to create a master plan for Dongtan, an area three quarters the size of Manhattan. The brief calls for integrated sustainable urban planning and design to create a city as close to carbon-neutral as possible within economic constraints. Located in sensitive wetlands on Chongming Island at the mouth of the Yangtze River just north of Shanghai, Dongtan’s first phase, a marina village of 20,000 inhabitants, will be unveiled at the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai.
By 2020, nearly 80,000 people are expected to inhabit the city’s environmentally sustainable neighborhoods. As a strategic partner, Arup is responsible for a range of services, including urban design, sustainable energy management, waste management, renewable energy process implementation, architecture, infrastructure, and even the planning of communities and social structures. Peter Head, director of Arup’s sustainable urban design, leads the project for the firm from its London’s office (during design, Arup is offsetting the emissions of its team’s travel to and from the site in cooperation with emissions brokerage firm CO2e). “Renewable energy will be used to reduce particulate CO2 emissions. Transport vehicles will run on batteries or hydrogen-fuel cells and not use any diesel or petrol, creating a relatively quiet city,” he explains. Other priorities include recycling organic waste to reduce landfills and generate clean energy.
Head insists development won’t affect the wetlands. “First of all, water usually discharged into the river will be collected, treated, and recycled within the city boundaries,” he says. “There will be a 2-mile buffer zone of eco-farm between city development and the wetlands.” While farming is water intensive, relatively small amounts of water reach the plants themselves. Head says Dongtan “will capture and recycle water in the city and use recycled water to grow green vegetables hydroponically. This makes the whole water cycle much more efficient. ”Dongtan is expected to eventually be home to more than 500,000 residents, which is a drop in the bucket for a country of 1.3 billion people. But the ambitious carbon-neutral experiment of Dongtan is meant to be a model for development worldwide.
Initiatives.
Transport.
Cars will be banned within the city, instead battery-powered and auto piloted personal rapid transit systems (PRT) will be used Visitors to the city must park their cars outside and use public transit. In both prototypes there will be ideal conditions to encourage walking or cycling. Additionally, both Masdar City and Dongtan will be connected to their larger counterparts via rail or road.
Energy.
Eco-cities are self-sufficient in energy. They meet energy need through solar, wind and biomass sources. About 80% of energy will be solar energy, it will be generated through photovoltaic panels, concentrated solar collectors, and solar thermal tubes. In order to keep cooling costs down wind cooling towers and narrow streets will be put in, these help to maximize shaded areas. Planners in Dongtan are putting meters in each house to display energy use.
Guiding principles.
There are 10 principles that are proposed to create an eco-city. The developers of Dongtan have used them in order to create a carbon-free city.

</doc>
<doc id="21585528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585528" title="Federico González Suárez">
Federico González Suárez

Federico González Suárez (1844–1917) was an Ecuadorian priest, historian and politician who served as the Archbishop of Quito for twelve years. Prior to becoming the Archbishop of Quito, he served as a senator in the Ecuadorian government in 1894 and then as the Bishop of Ibarra from 1895 to 1905. 
Overview.
He was noted for his opposition to the attempts by the anticlerical caudillo Eloy Alfaro to secularize Ecuadorian society. Despite his opposition to the anticlericals, he could be conciliatory and was known as a peacemaker during the country's volatile times, helping to maintain continuity in the nation. Of particular note was his public denunciation of a Conservative force massing in Colombia in 1900, a declaration that effectively ended five years of Civil War and ascribed a measure of legitimacy to Alfaro's Liberal government.
He wrote several books about the history of Ecuador, among them the book "Historia General de la República del Ecuador", which is considered a masterpiece for its objectivity, painstaking research and erudition. He was not shy about criticizing the Church in Ecuador for abuses during the colonial period. The publication of the fourth volume of his history in 1894 was particularly scandalous since it uncovered the sexual liaisons of seventeenth-century Dominican friars in Quito. Although this work drew criticism from his superiors, he was ultimately vindicated, with the Vatican acknowledging the veracity of his analysis. 
His diligent scholarship, political savvy and commitment to the faith cause him to be remembered as one of the most notable figures of Ecuadorian scholarship, politics and Church leadership.
The González Suárez neighborhood of the city of Quito is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="21585540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585540" title="Walter Hampson">
Walter Hampson

Walter Hampson (1864–1932) was a self-educated railway engine driver, who in his spare time wrote poetry, a published volume about a fictional trip abroad by three Yorkshiremen, edited a local journal devoted to the Yorkshire dialect, and authored a history of his hometown Normanton, West Yorkshire, that while never published in his lifetime, has been made available by the town on its website.

</doc>
<doc id="21585542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585542" title="Returned Treasures Program">
Returned Treasures Program

The Returned Treasures Program of the INAH Directorate of Global Patrimony or Dirección de Patrimonio Mundial [http://www.gobiernodigital.inah.gob.mx/mener/index.php?contentPagina=14] operates under the Government of Mexico’s INAH, the National Institute of Anthropology and History (Instituto Nacional de Antropologia e Historia) and INAH’s National Museum of Anthropology (Museo Nacional de Antropología). See, INAH-MNA Journal of Latin American Anthropology and History at J L Am Anthro History 1989 Apr 15; 32-35.
Creation.
As part of the INAH Dirección de Patrimonio Mundial [http://www.gobiernodigital.inah.gob.mx/mener/index.php?contentPagina=14], the Returned Treasures Program was established January 1989 as an INAH cultural trust (fideicomiso) created by an international group of philanthropists, curators, and art historians and patrons for the purpose of finding and purchasing Latin American cultural property located in foreign countries other than the Latin American country of origin. The trust oversees the repatriation or rendition of such works back to Mexico and other Latin countries of origin for the cataloging, preserving, protecting, and studying of important cultural property. J L Am Anthro History 1989 Apr 15; 39-42.
Purpose.
The primary purpose of the program and trust is to return important and priceless Latin American cultural property back to Mexico and other Latin America countries of origin. The works range from (1) pre-Columbian pottery and stone works of Meso-American (Mexico and Central America) and other cultures, including the South American Inca and pre-Inca cultures of Peru, Ecuador, Chile, and Bolivia to (2) colonial cultural works produced during and after the Spanish Conquest (including codex and other early printed works) to (3) Independence, Porfiriato, and Revolutionary Eras from 1810 to 1920 to (4) modern cultural property produced from 1920 to 1968 (including art by Saturnino Herran, Frida Kahlo, Diego Rivera, David Alfaro Siqueiros, José Clemente Orozco, and Rufino Tamayo). J L Am Anthro History 1989 Apr 15; 39-42.
Major Donors and Contributors.
The INAH Directorate of Global Patrimony or Dirección de Patrimonio Mundial works with foreign art patrons and philanthropists to fund the return of important cultural works to Mexico and other Latin American countries of origin. Initially, the Returned Treasures Program of the INAH Directorate of Global Patrimony or Dirección de Patrimonio Mundial [http://www.gobiernodigital.inah.gob.mx/mener/index.php?contentPagina=14 was created to return specific works selected by the Directorate as important and in need of foreign funding Support. Accordingly, the Directorate first relied on funding from Hispanic art patrons in California and Texas, including Texas attorney Ernest M. Edsel (of Malpaso Company, a Wall Street oil & gas investment fund), who donated important works (Diego Rivera lithographs; correspondence of Sor Juana Ines; and, pre-Columbian idols, pottery, and stone works) along with an initial $ 4 million gift from Malpaso Oil. J L Am Anthro History 1989 Apr 15; 39 and ""Entrevista con El Inversionista Ernest Edsel"", Agenda Cultural del INAH (Noviembre 1989) (official INAH monthly magazine). Ernest Edsel also raised substantial funds from fellow Texas investors J. Richard Miller, a Texas financier (founder of Miller Martin, an investment bank and financial firm) and Louis E.S. de Santamaria, a venture capitalist and former Revlon and Johnson & Johnson senior executive (co-founder of SPE Ventures, affiliated with First Security SBIC, now part of Wells Fargo). Other donors and contributors included Paul Bilzerian (founder of Bicoastal Financial Corporation) and, Sir James Goldsmith (major Mexican landowner). J L Am Anthro History 1989 Apr 15; 39-42; and see, INAH Press Release (December 12, 1988).
Returned Treasures.
From 1998 to 2008, the Returned Treasures Program returned major cultural properties back to their countries of origin, as follows: five stelae of the classic Maya kingdom of Copán, from French and Swiss private collectors to Mexico; one frozen high altitude Inca mummy with funerary articles, from Spanish private collector to Peru; six "tumis", ceremonial knives, of pre-Inca Sican culture, from Canadian private collector to Peru; two Aztec codices, from U.S. private collector to Mexico; correspondence, forty-five sketches, and five small oil studies of José María Velasco, from British private collector to Mexico; correspondence and seven oils of Geraldo Murillo, from Japanese private collector to Mexico; and, correspondence and nineteen sketches of Juan O'Gorman. J L Am Anthro History 2008 Sept 15; 76-142.
The Returned Treasures Program helps prevent the destruction of a country's cultural heritage. And, the program's restitution efforts helps solve the theft of important cultural property that arises from the illicit trade of antiquities.
A partial list of the important cultural property acquired by the Returned Treasures Program and rendered back to Mexico and other Latin American countries of origin can be found at an online supplement weblog to the Journal of the Mexico National Museum of Anthropology (Museo Nacional de Antropología) and INAH, the National Institute of Anthropology and History (Instituto Nacional de Antropologia e Historia).
Endowed Cultural Trust.
The Journal (also known as the INAH-MNA Journal of Latin American Anthropology and History) is published twice a year by the Council for Latin American Anthropology and History, a section of the Latin American Anthropological and Historical Association.
The Journal publishes articles, commentary, review articles, exhibition and book reviews, and research notes relevant to museum anthropology and the study of material culture. The Journal also publishes art catalogues for selected exhibitions.
The Journal is funded by an endowment from an INAH-MNA cultural trust (fideicomiso) established in 1989 by an international group of philanthropists, art historians, and curators for the purpose of finding and purchasing Latin American cultural property located in foreign countries other than the Latin American country of origin. The trust oversees the repatriation or rendition of such works back to Mexico and other Latin countries of origin for the cataloging, preserving, protecting, and studying of important cultural property.

</doc>
<doc id="21585549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585549" title="Boar's tusk helmet">
Boar's tusk helmet

Helmets using ivory from boar's tusks were known in the Mycenaean world from the 17th century BC (Shaft Graves, Mycenae) to the 10th century BC (Elateia, Central Greece). The helmet was made through the use of slivers of boar tusks which were attached to a leather base, padded with felt, in rows. A description of a boar's tusk helmet appears in book ten of Homer's "Iliad", as Odysseus is armed for a night raid to be conducted against the Trojans. 
Fragments of ivory which might have come from helmets of this kind have been discovered on Mycenaean sites, and an ivory plaque, also from a Mycenaean site, represents a helmet of this kind. Although they would not provide as good protection as a metal helmet, they may have been worn by some leaders as a status symbol, or a means of identification.

</doc>
<doc id="21585556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585556" title="Randi Thorvaldsen">
Randi Thorvaldsen

Randi Thorvaldsen (4 March 1925, Øvre Eiker – 10 February 2011) was a former Norwegian speedskater, silver medalist from the allround World Championship, and a previous World Record holder in 1,500 metres. She was the dominating female speedskater in Norway from the end of the Second World War to 1954. She was born in Fiskum, Øvre Eiker, and represented the club IF Liv, Hønefoss.
National merits.
Thorvaldsen won the first national all-round speed skating championship held in Norway after World War II, in 1946. She became Norwegian all-round champion nine years in a row, every year from 1946 to 1954. In these championships she won 34 distances, out of 36 possible. She set ten national records during her career. Her national record on 5,000 m from 1953, 9:35.6, was unbeaten for 29 years, until 1982.
World championships.
Thorvaldsen participated in eight World Championships. She placed fourth in 1948, and again fourth in 1949, and ninth in 1950. She won a silver medal at the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women in 1951 in Eskilstuna, behind Eevi Huttunen. At the 1951 championship she won the 500 m distance with the time 49.4, placed second at 1,000 m (1:42.6), second on 3,000 m (5:56.0) and second on 5,000 m (9:54.8), resulting in the samalog (total score) 219.513. At the World Championships in 1952 in Kokkola she won the bronze medal, after placing second on 500 m and 1,500 m, fifth on 3,000 m and sixth on 5,000 m. At the 1953 World Championships she finished sixth, and again sixth in 1954.
Records.
Thorvaldsen set a world record in women's 1500 m in Gjøvik in 1950, when she improved Laila Schou Nilsen's previous record from 1937. Her new record, 2:37.5, lasted less than one month, when it was beaten by Rimma Zhukova.

</doc>
<doc id="21585560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585560" title="Strathmore &quot;By the Park&quot; Subdivision">
Strathmore &quot;By the Park&quot; Subdivision

The Strathmore "By the Park" Subdivision is located in the southwestern section of Syracuse, New York, bordering Onondaga Park. The subdivision was planned by 1917 and developed in 1919 by Clark & Porter, Inc. Marketing materials stated "...no smoke, no dirt, no fogs, no two-family or apartment houses, no business places of any kind, nothing but homes." It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21585570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585570" title="Philomina">
Philomina

Philomina (1926 - 2 January 2006) was a veteran Malayalam film actress. She had acted in more than 750 films in her career. She played mostly character and comedy roles, besides that of grandmother and mother. She started acting on the stage. This experience stood her in good stead when she was offered her first film role. The character of Anappara Achamma in "Godfather" is acknowledged to be one of the powerful roles ever in Malayalam cinema.
Early life.
Entering the film industry with eight years of experience in professional drama, she worked with the drama troupe of P J Antony in the early days. She used to say it was her initial experience with an actor like Antony that helped her shape her film career.
Philomina's parents were perturbed, when she had to travel to Chennai for the first shoot, it was Moidu Padiyathu who convinced her parents. Her first movie, "Kuttikkupayam" (1964), produced by T.E. Vasudevan and directed by M. Krishnan Nair was a big hit. Philomina, who essayed the role of Prem Nazir's mother, a Muslim character.
Personal Life.
She got married to Antony a Theater Artist on 1956, but lost her husband when her son Joseph was three years old.
Film career.
Philomina won her first State award, for the best supporting actress, in 1970 for her roles in films "Thurakkathavaathil" and "Olavum Theeravum". In 1987, she received the award for the second time for "Thaniyavarthanam".
Somewhere during this time, there was a short break in her career. She came back in the films of Bharathan and Padmarajan. The roles in films like "Chatta", "Innale", "Njan Gandharvan", "Venkalam", "Churam", "Vietnam Colony". Her roles in "Kudumbapuranam", "Godfather", "Uppukandam Brothers", "Thalayanamandram" and "Kakkothikavile Appuppanthadikal" would also be remembered for long.
It was Sathyan Anthikkad who first cast Philomina in a comic role. The film "Madanmaar Londonil", gave this talented actress a new image. Her roles in films like "Malayogam", "Kireedam", "Uncle Bun", "Manathe Kottaram", "Vrudhanmaare Sookshikkuka" and "In Harihar Nagar".
In a career spanning over four decades Philomina starred in 750 films and numerous television serials. She was last seen in "Meerayude Dukhavum Muthuvinte Swapnavum".
Later life.
Philomina was living in a small, well done-up apartment in Kochi till she shifted to her son's place in Chennai a couple of years before her death. She was a chronic diabetic and suffered stroke in 2005. She was getting insulin shots for her diabetic condition. She was bed-ridden for over a month. She died at her son- Joseph's residence in Chennai due to diabetes related problems in January 2006.
Awards.
Kerala State Film Awards:
References.
http://en.msidb.org/displayProfile.php?category=actors&artist=Philomina&limit=147

</doc>
<doc id="21585571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585571" title="Ernest Noel">
Ernest Noel

Ernest Noel, FGS (18 August 1831 – 20 May 1931) was member of Parliament for the Scottish seat of Dumfries Burghs from 1874 to 1886. He was chairman of the Artizans, Labourers & General Dwellings Company from 1880, during the construction of a new suburb for the working classes in Wood Green which was named "Noel Park" in his honour.
Family.
Noel was the second son of the Reverend Baptist Wriothesley Noel and Jane Noel (née Baillie). His father was the tenth son of Sir Gerard Noel and Diana, Baroness Barham and brother of Charles Noel, 3rd Baron Barham (later 1st Earl of Gainsborough).
Noel married three times and was widowed twice:
Career.
Noel was educated in Edinburgh, was elected a Fellow of the Geological Society in 1849, and entered Trinity College, Cambridge at the age of 25.
Between 1874 and 1886, Noel was Liberal member of Parliament for the Scottish seat of Dumfries Burghs. In the 1886 and 1892 elections he stood in Stirlingshire as a Liberal Unionist candidate but was unsuccessful both times.
From 1880, was chairman of the Artizans, Labourers & General Dwellings Company a for profit joint stock company, interested in the construction of improved housing for the working classes. The company's "Noel Park" estate at Wood Green was named in his honour. Noel was deputy chairman of the English and Scottish London Board of the Eagle, Star and British Dominions Insurance Company. He was chairman of the Mercantile Investment Trust until the age of 95.
He died in May 1931 aged 99 years.

</doc>
