<doc id="21609237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609237" title="Horace Austerberry">
Horace Austerberry

Horace Denham Austerberry (1868 – 1946) was an English football manager who managed Stoke.
Career.
Austerberry was born in Hanley and worked at St. John's school as assistant schoolmaster to former Stoke manager Thomas Slaney. It was Slaney who introduced Austerberry to football, inviting him to watch Stoke play and write reports on the game as a journalist. He took over from Bill Rowley as Stoke manager in 1897, allowing Rowley to become his secretary. His first season in charge was a poor and controversial one as Stoke finished bottom of the First Division and had to play in the end of season test matches. They had to play the top two sides from the Second Division, Burnley and Newcastle United. Stoke came through successfully, beating each side once and drawing with Burnley to stay up. In the final test match Stoke and Burnley needed a draw to be in the First Division next season. It finished 0–0 after a farcical 90 minutes during which neither side put in a challenge or had a shot at goal and at one point a few fans in the crowd held on to the ball and refused to return it to the players. After this obvious exploit of the rules the league scraped the test match system in favour of automatic promotion and relegation. His secretary, Rowley then caused controversy as the arranged his own transfer to Leicester Fosse which included a signing on fee, he was consequently banned from football by the FA. 
The 1898–99 season was much better as Stoke took 12th position and also reached the FA Cup semi final for the first time, losing out 3–1 to Derby County. Austerberry became known as a strict disciplinarian and once suspended three players for drinking champagne. He spent eleven seasons in charge of Stoke during which time the club were having serious financial problems. Stoke regularly battled against relegation and only stayed up on the final day of the season on three separate occasions, in 1900–01, 1901–02 and 1903–04, eventually the inevitable happened and Stoke finished bottom in 1906–07. In 1907–08 Stoke failed to mount a promotion challenge and their finances worsened which led to the club being liquidated at the end of the season leaving Austerberry without a job.

</doc>
<doc id="21609238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609238" title="Lac d'Orcières-Merlette">
Lac d'Orcières-Merlette

Lac d'Orcières-Merlette is a lake in Orcières, Hautes-Alpes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609240" title="Fortress of Kambambe">
Fortress of Kambambe

The Fortress of Kambambe (or Cambambe) is an historic stronghold built by Portuguese colonialists on the east bank of the Cuanza River in Cambambe, Province of Cuanza Norte Province, Angola. 
History.
The Fortress of Kambambe was constructed in 1604 by governor João de Lencastre as a point of support to the conquest and penetration of Angolan territory through the Cuanza River. The date of construction was 1604, or 1691 according to the pediment over the entrance door. The occupation of Cambambe was very costly to Portugal on account of resistance offered by the natives to the foreign authority. Besides enforcing the armed presence of Portugal, the fortress was used for the storage of prisoners and goods awaiting shipment to the Americas. Cambambe was an important center for illegal activity and the slave trade. From here, the Portuguese organized attacks on nearby villages to capture slaves. The Fortress of Kambambe was classified as National Monument by Provincial Decree Number 67, dated May 30, 1925. Later it fell into ruins and is a state property. The Angola Ministry of Culture currently has responsibility for its maintenance and preservation 
Design.
The Fortress of Kambambe was built in the shape of a square with bastions at the four corners and an emblazoned entranceway along baroque lines, according to the model of 17th century military art. The pediment of the entrance gate is marked with the date 1691 and topped by a coat of arms. Originally it was protected by artillery pieces of bronze and iron.
World Heritage Status.
The Fortress of Kambambe was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Site Tentative List on November 22, 1996 in the Cultural category.
Images.
Fortress: Kambambe, Cambambe, Kwanza, Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="21609251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609251" title="Réservoir Saint-Michel">
Réservoir Saint-Michel

Réservoir Saint-Michel is a lake in Finistère, France. At an elevation of 227 m, its surface area is 4.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609262" title="Tuomas Enbuske">
Tuomas Enbuske

Tuomas Ville Juhana Enbuske (born 22 September 1977 in Oulu) is a Finnish radio and TV presenter and journalist.
Enbuske hosted Kiss FM's morning program with Henkka Hyppönen, and was presenter in many television series: Far Out, Hyppönen Enbuske Experience, and Tuomas & Juuso Experience. From 2007 Enbuske hosted the debate program / talk show, Tuomas Enbuske YLE Radio 1.
In September 2008 YLE TV1 started airing "(politically) Incorrect, Tuomas Enbuske!" program. In the series Enbuske challenged "established truths", essentially putting forward arguments in favor of them. Shows consisted of personal interviews, primarily of YLE archival video material, where the soundtrack is mostly monologue Enbuske.
Tuomas Enbuske has two children with Hannah Norrena. Enbuske and Norrena divorced in 2013. 
Political views.
Enbuske has defined himself as a classical liberalist, supporting free market economy and Western civilization.

</doc>
<doc id="21609264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609264" title="Air changes per hour">
Air changes per hour

Air changes per hour, or air change rate, abbreviated ACH or ac/hr, is a measure of the air volume added to or removed from a space (normally a room or house) divided by the volume of the space. If the air in the space is either uniform or perfectly mixed, air changes per hour is a measure of how many times the air within a defined space is replaced.
In many air distribution arrangements, air is neither uniform or perfectly mixed. The actual percentage of an enclosure's air which is exchanged in a period depends on the airflow efficiency of the enclosure and the methods used to ventilate it. The actual amount of air changed in a well mixed ventilation scenario will be 63.2% after 1 hour and 1 ACH. In order to achieve equilibrium pressure, the amount of air leaving the space and entering the space must be the same.
ACH equation in Imperial units
formula_1
Where:
Ventilation rates are often expressed as a volume rate per person (CFM per person, L/s per person). The conversion between air changes per hour and ventilation rate per person is as follows:
formula_2
Where:
Air change rate.
Air change rates are often used as rules of thumb in ventilation design. However, they are seldom used as a the actual basis of design or calculation. For example, laboratory ventilation standards indicate recommended ranges for air change rates, as a guideline for the actual design. Residential ventilation rates are calculated based on area of the residence and number of occupants. Non-residential ventilation rates are based on floor area and number of occupants, or a calculated dilution of known contaminants. Hospital design standards use air changes per hour, although this has been criticized. 
The Passive House standard requires a 0.6 ACH. Many if not most uses of ACH are actually referring to results of a standard blower door test in which 50 pascals of pressure are applied (ACH50), rather than the volume of air changed under normal conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="21609267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609267" title="Lac du Lachtelweiher">
Lac du Lachtelweiher

Lac du Lachtelweiher is a lake in Haut-Rhin, France. At an elevation of 740 m, its surface area is 0.015 km². The French name is a tautology as the German "Weiher" already means "pond"/"lake".

</doc>
<doc id="21609275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609275" title="Étang de Peyregrand">
Étang de Peyregrand

Étang de Peyregrand is a lake in Ariège, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609282" title="Beacon Street Firehouse">
Beacon Street Firehouse

The Beacon Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 108 Beacon Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. It was designed by Worcester architect George H. Clemence, and built 1901-2 for $25,600 by local French-Canadian builder Eli Belisle. It is a two story rectangular building with three truck bays, and an entrance door on the right. The truck bays are topped by shallow arches of alternating brick and limestone sections. The second floor windows are arched in pairs by round arches of similar styling.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, at which time it served as a warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21609293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609293" title="Étangs de Neych">
Étangs de Neych

Étangs de Neych are a group of ponds at Siguer in the Ariège department, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609298" title="Chattertocks">
Chattertocks

Founded over sixty years ago, The Chattertocks of Brown University, together with the Smiffenpoofs of Smith College, the V8s of Mt. Holyoke College and the Mischords of Middlebury College, is one of the oldest women's college a cappella singing groups in the United States.
History.
Nancy Tobin, Dorothy Senerchia, and the late Helen Johnson, Class of 1955 at Pembroke College (Brown University) together with twelve other Pembroke College freshmen, founded the Chattertocks women's a cappella group in 1952. The group was started by members of the dormitory, Sharpe House, as a parody of the Brown Jabberwocks, the men's a cappella group. On April 28, 1952, the Chattertocks entered an inter-dorm song contest. Each dorm (not just freshmen) was to perform two songs. The Sharpe House chairmen were Helen "Lynn" Johnson and Dorothy "Dolly" Senerchia. It was Dolly who came up with the idea to mimic the Jabberwocks. Calling themselves the Chattertocks, they borrowed grey flannel suits, white bucks, white button-down shirts, rep ties, pinned their hair back, took up the hands-in-the-pocket stance. They sang “Halls of Ivy” and “Mood Indigo,” Jabberwock standards. Coached by Nancy's boyfriend, Jabberwock John Dorer, they won first place! 
No longer performing in grey flannel suits, the group has continued to grow and evolve with the changing times. The Chattertocks started recording early on with a number of vinyl albums. In the mid-1960s they added guitar and percussion back-up, both common for college singing groups. In 1982 they added choreography and comedy skits to their concerts.
The Chattertocks traditionally perform "The Twelve Days of Christmas (song)" in Latin at the annual Brown University Latin Carol Service, established in 1948. “Duodecem Dies Natalis” was translated into Latin by Eunice Burr Couch and to this day is performed by “Grex Chattertockarum,” literally, the "Herd of Chattertocks."
Another Chattertocks tradition is performing with The Brown Derbies in their annual concert, "Smoked Salomon," which occurs every September in Salomon Hall on the Brown University campus. The Chattertocks traditionally perform "S/NC," a parody of Brown's school culture and non-traditional grading system set to the tune of The Beatles' "Let It Be."
Awards.
The Chattertocks won their second "first prize" ($100) in the first "Intercollegiate Folk Festival of New England," which was sponsored by the Junior Class of Providence College and was held at Providence College, R.I. on October 26, 1963. Since then the Chattertocks have recorded several CDs and have competed successfully in the National Championship of College A Cappella (NCCA) since the competition's inception in 1996. In 1998, the Chattertocks were in the NCCA finals, which were held in Carnegie Hall in New York City. In more recent years, the Chattertocks have maintained their rich tradition of excellence, taking home "Best Album" and "Best Song" in the 2004 Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards. Their 2003 CD, "All Modesty Aside," won an award for best female collegiate album. Most recently the Chattertocks were selected to be on the "Best of College A Cappella" CD of 2011, juried and chosen by Varsity Vocals.
Current activities.
Today, the group performs at colleges around the country appearing on campuses and local television stations. In addition to their earlier vinyl albums, they have produced eleven CDs with their signature song, "My Funny Valentine" by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart appearing on each one.
Several of their alumnae, such as Gwyneth Walker (composer), Susan Bennett (commercial vocalist and voice of Siri), Ellen Turner Harris, (Professor of Music at Massachusetts Institute of Technology), Anitra Brooks Kocyba (vocalist), and Stephanie Cotsirillos (performer) have gone on to become successful musicians and performers.

</doc>
<doc id="21609302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609302" title="Étang des Redouneilles des vaches">
Étang des Redouneilles des vaches

Étang des Redouneilles des vaches is a lake in Ariège, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609321" title="Trench Davis">
Trench Davis

Trench Neal Davis (September 12, 1960) is an American born in Baltimore, Maryland and a former professional baseball player who played in twenty-three major league games over a period of three seasons. Signed as an amateur free agent in , Davis spent six season in the minor leagues prior to playing his first major league game with the Pittsburgh Pirates. After playing 17 major league games over two seasons and seven years in the Pirates organization, he was released on October 15, and granted free agency.
Davis signed with the Atlanta Braves on November 17, 1986. He played the majority of the season with the Brave's minor league affiliated in Richmond before playing in 6 major league games.

</doc>
<doc id="21609322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609322" title="Étang de Brouquenat">
Étang de Brouquenat

Étang de Brouquenat is a lake in Ariège, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21609326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609326" title="Greenwich Admirals">
Greenwich Admirals

Greenwich Admirals are a rugby league team based in Greenwich, London. They play in the South Premier of the Rugby League Conference.
History.
"Greenwich Admirals" were founded in 2001 as the brainchild of Chief Executive of the London Broncos' Lionel Hurst and under the guidance of development officer Graeme Thompson. Greenwich Admirals were to continue the Broncos' development work in the area after the Broncos moved away from south east London to a new home in Brentford. 
An introductory game was played on 11 August 2001 against South London Storm, the Admirals team being made up of rugby union players from Old Brockleians RFC and Greenwich RFC and players borrowed from Storm; Greenwich won 28 - 24.
Jason Henley was recruited as Head Coach and in February 2002, the club was formally set up with a committee, constitution and club rules. Greenwich made it to the 2002 London League grand final in their inaugural season. The final against Crawley Jets held at Crawley, was won 38 - 22.
Greenwich Admirals joined the London & South Division of the Rugby League Conference in 2003 whilst a Greenwich Admirals second team took part in the London League. The first team won more games than it lost, finally finding form at the end of the season with victories over South London Storm, North London Skolars A and Essex Eels on the way to the RLC Shield quarter-finals. The second team reached the semi-finals of the London League play-offs.
The club moved to the Woolwich Barracks Rugby Fields in 2004. Greenwich lost only one game all year on the way to the South Divisional Final. Greenwich went down to a West London Sharks side led by Trevor Leota in the final.
In 2005, the Conference developed a new tier of Premier Divisions, Greenwich Admirals stepped up to the newly created Premier South. The club was thrown into turmoil as it lost its coaching team because of outside issues. The club lost senior players and had to be replaced by second team and junior players. The season closed with the team finishing bottom of the table.
Greenwich left the Premier South and joined the South East Division of the Conference. The club relocated again to Mayday Gardens. Greenwich beat Kent Ravens in a play-off eliminator to set up a grand final against new boys Broadstairs Bulldogs which they lost. 
In 2007, the first team finished third in their division on points difference and were eliminated at the semi-final stage of the divisional play-offs.
In 2009 Greenwich Admirals youth section had a very successful year. The under-14s reached the final but lost to Elmbridge Eagles in what was seen as a one-sided encounter. The under-16s reached the semi-finals but were also edged out 36-12 by Elmbridge Eagles. The under-18s, who were only formed in the 2009 season, also reached the final but lost to South London Storm Academy.
Youth teams.
Greenwich Admirals run youth age groups in the London Junior League from under-14s all the way up to under-18s, giving the first team a great feed of youth talent.
Greenwich Admirals' youth section, is renoun for producing good players. This was shown in 2009 when Jacko Brennan and Gary Seargant were both selected in the 32-man England squad for games against France and the Australian Institute Of Sport.
In 2010 both the under-16 and under-18 teams became London champions beating Hainault and Medway in their respective finals.
Greenwich Admirals now play their games in Kidbrooke Lane, Eltham, at Blackheath FC Well Hall ground.

</doc>
<doc id="21609335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609335" title="Peter, Andrew, Paul, and Denise">
Peter, Andrew, Paul, and Denise

Saints Peter, Andrew, Paul, and Denise (Dionisia, Dionysia) are venerated as martyrs by the Orthodox and Catholic Churches. They were killed in the 3rd century at Lampsacus, Mysia (in present-day Turkey) in the Hellespont.
Martyrdom.
According to tradition, Denise was martyred during the persecution of Christians by the Emperor Decius, along with three men named Andrew, Paul, and Nichomachus. Nichomachus, “presumptuous and over-confident”, denied that he was a Christian after he was tortured and was asked to perform a sacrifice to the Roman gods. However, as he was about to perform this task, he suffered a convulsion and fell dead. Andrew and Paul refused to apostatize and were tortured on the rack and then imprisoned.
Denise was a sixteen-year-old Christian girl who vocalized her unhappiness regarding Nichomachus’ apostasy. She was brought before the proconsul Optimus, and refused to abjure her faith. Optimus condemned her to be raped by several soldiers; however, according to tradition, she was “subjected to the approaches of three libertines, but was protected by an angel.” Paul and Andrew were finally led to their execution, and were stoned to death in the local arena.
Denise managed to escape from prison and locate the bodies of the two men. She publicly expressed her desire to share their martyrdom, was carried away by force, and was promptly ordered to be beheaded by Optimus.
Feast day.
The feast day of these saints is observed in the Roman Catholic Church on May 15, and in the Eastern Orthodox Church on May 18 (for those churches which follow the traditional Julian Calendar, May 18 falls on May 31 of the modern Gregorian Calendar).
Relics.
Denise's relics were brought to the Abbey of Flône in Belgium in 1922, and placed within a statue of wax; the relics included a vase associated that contains her crystallized blood. A second vase contains earth said to have been drenched with the blood of Christian martyrs. On the sarcophagus is embedded a marble tablet said to come from Roman catacombs; it carries the inscription: "DIONISE, V.M..I.IN.P VIX. AN. XXIX." ("Denise, celebrated virgin martyr rests in peace. She lived 29 years"). 
The relics are visible through small openings; in the modern era this saint is invoked for protection against bicycle and motorcycle accidents and headaches.

</doc>
<doc id="21609340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609340" title="Étang des Redouneilles des brebis">
Étang des Redouneilles des brebis

Étang des Redouneilles des brebis is a lake in Ariège, France. At an elevation of 2228 m, its surface area is 0.015 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609341" title="Frank Cignetti">
Frank Cignetti

Frank Cignetti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609352" title="Lac de Migouélou">
Lac de Migouélou

Lac de Migouélou is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2278 m, its surface area is 0.48 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609355" title="Beaver Street Historic District">
Beaver Street Historic District

The Beaver Street Historic District is a residential historic district in the Main South part of Worcester, Massachusetts. It encompasses a collection of five well preserved Colonial Revival triple-deckers located at 31-39 Beaver Street, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The five buildings in this Beaver Street subdivision were built c. 1916, at a time when Worcester more fashionable development was moving from the Woodland Street area to the west side, and when the streetcar made the area more readily accessible to factory workers. The typical early owners and occupants of them were Irish American families where the men were laborers or machinists, and the women who worked outside the home had office jobs.
The five buildings are identical in their basic structure, a rectangular three story wood frame building with a side hall entry, and protruding bay sections on the front and left side. All have front porches that rise to three stories, but the decorative details and number of supporting columns differ among them. 37 Beaver Street is distinctive in the group for having a full width first floor porch and a gable end with full pediment, while numbers 31 and 35 have first floor side porches sheltering the entry. At the time of their listing in 1990 all were clad in wood clapboards and shingles.

</doc>
<doc id="21609368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609368" title="Fortress of Muxima">
Fortress of Muxima

The Fortress of Muxima, built of stone and mortar, is situated in the Bengo Province of Angola next to the Cuanza River.
History.
Founded in 1599, the Fortress of "Muxima" is placed in the district of Muxima on the left bank of the Kwanza River, Province of Bengo. It deals with the first prison of the angolan occupation period. It helped the advance of penetration to the interior of the angolan territory and assured the defence against the angolan people who offered resistance to the portuguese occupation and the other colonial potencies, of which the ships going up the Kwanza River went locking for the slaves in the interior of the country. Its building would come to support the trading relationships, the markets, the inlander ones, the ivory business and overall the slaves traffic. The Fortress of "Muxina" was used as the basis of portuguese forces and its support when they went to the interior making raids and wars of "kwata-kwata" (wars among the africans linked to the europeans who working to them, caught the other africans for the slavery). The slaves went by land in long raws to the vila of Calumbo, or were sent by sea in the Muxirna harbour and going down by ship the Kwanza River were sent to America. It was classified as National Monument by Provincial Decret n. 2, 12 of January of 1924. This Fortress is badly preserved and constitute a state property. The responsibility for its maintenance and preservation concerns the Ministry of Culture. 
World Heritage Status.
This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on 22 November 1996 in the Cultural category.
References.
Valdez, F. T. (1861), Six Years of a Traveller's Life in Western Africa, Vol. II, Hurst and Blackett.
Fortress of Muxima - UNESCO World Heritage Centre

</doc>
<doc id="21609370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609370" title="Lac de Suyen">
Lac de Suyen

Lac de Suyen is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 1536 m, its surface area is 0.02 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609384" title="Río Chico Department, Tucumán">
Río Chico Department, Tucumán

Río Chico Department is a department in Tucumán Province, Argentina. It has a population of 52,925 (2001) and an area of 585 km². The seat of the department is in Aguilares.
Notes.
"This article includes content from the Spanish Wikipedia article Departamento Río Chico (Tucumán)."

</doc>
<doc id="21609387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609387" title="Lacs de Carnau">
Lacs de Carnau

Lacs de Carnau is a group of lakes in Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. At an elevation of 2202 m and 2208 m, its surface area is 0.03 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609395" title="Lac de Batbielh">
Lac de Batbielh

Lac de Batbielh is a very small lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France, located approximately 2 km north of the French–Spanish border within the Pyrénées National Park. At an elevation of 2229 m, its surface area is 0.01 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="21609399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609399" title="Beltrán de Cetina">
Beltrán de Cetina

Beltrán de Cetina y del Castillo (Alcalá de Henares 1521 - Mérida de Yucatán 1600?) was one of the original conquistador-founders of Mérida in the modern Mexican state of Yucatán. His siblings included: Renaissance poet Gutierre de Cetina; Ana Andrea del Castillo, self-described "conquistadora" and wife of Francisco de Montejo the Younger; and Gregorio de Cetina, also a conqueror of Yucatán.
From Andalusia to Mexico.
His father, Beltrán de Cetina y Alcocer, was born to Gutierre de Cetina y Hurtado de Mendoza and Mencía de Alcocer (of partial "converso" ancestry) c. 1498. The parents came, for the most part, from old "hidalgo" families long resident in Alcalá de Henares, although the patrilineal descent ultimately stemmed from the village of Cetina, in the Kingdom of Aragon. As a youth Beltrán de Cetina y Alcocer moved to Seville, where he met and married Francisca del Castillo y Zanabria, daughter of García del Castillo and María Mayora, a local of likely Morisco descent. The nuptials were celebrated in 1518 in Seville. In 1519 was born Gutierre, in 1521 Beltrán in Alcalá de Henares, in 1525 Ana Andrea, and in 1527 Gregorio.
The family lived for many years in the parish neighborhood of Santa María la Blanca, within the old "aljama" or Jewish quarter of Seville. The father, possibly owing to family influences, obtained in 1536 the job of "almoxarife mayor" (chief tax official and treasurer) for the city and its ports. The Cetina family's comfortable position allowed them to own slaves (some of them Indian) and to realize the construction of a family tomb in the Dominican convent of Madre de Dios de la Piedad, in which would also be laid the remains of doña Juana de Zúñiga and doña Catalina Cortés, wife and daughter of Hernán Cortés, respectively; as well as the great-granddaughters of Christopher Colombus. 
In 1535 occurred the immigration to New Spain of the siblings: Andrea Cetina, Beltrán Cetina, and García del Castillo, accompanied by their aunt, Antonia del Castillo (wife of Gonzalo López, another notable Sevillian, who five years before had participated in Nuño de Guzmán's campaign to conquer the lands that later would become Nueva Galicia).
The Lives of Andrea, Beltrán, Gregorio, and Gutierre de Cetina.
In 1539 Andrea del Castillo married Francisco de Montejo y León; the couple would eventually help found and settle the city of Mérida. The marriage produced three children: Beatriz de Montejo (born ca. 1543), Juan de Montejo (born ca. 1544), and Francisca del Castillo (born. ca. 1545). Although the union is mentioned in passing by Bishop de Landa (who knew the family personally) in his "Relación" (ca. 1566), it is Fray Diego López de Cogolludo who relates in his "Historia de Yucatán" (1688) that Montejo y León died insolvent, bequething to his son Juan the encumbrence of paying his significant remaining debts, and causing his widow to petition the King of Spain, with both unusual assertiveness and effectiveness, for a pension and the right of retaining ownership of the complex of properties ("solares") on the "plaza mayor" of Mérida (part of which, the Casa de Montejo, would continue to be lived in by her descendants into the 19th-century). 
In 1541 Beltrán de Cetina y del Castillo was named by his brother-in-law, Montejo "the Younger," as his civil and military lieutenant ("capitán y justicia mayor") in the garrison of San Francisco de Campeche. The following January the city of Mérida was founded, inscribed in the roster of first citizens ("vecinos") appears the name of the aforementioned Beltrán de Zetina (sic). Beltrán's role as a "conquistador" is documented in the list of men who conquered the Yucatán with Montejo compiled by chronicler Baltasar Dorantes de Carranza, son of Andrés Dorantes, survivor of the fateful Narváez expedition. 
In 1547 this same Beltrán was made, along with other close associates, a "regidor" or city councilman by the "adelantado" Francisco de Montejo y Álvarez de Tejeda. The following year his father (his mother already having died) named in his "testamento" or will as his principal heirs his eight children (all were legitimate, though some did not opt to use the paternal surname): Gutierre de Cetina, García del Castillo, Beltrán de Cetina, Gregorio de Cetina, Mencía de Santo Domingo Alcocer, Leonor de Cetina, María del Castillo, and Ana Andrea del Castillo. 
In 1550 Gregorio de Cetina obtained permission to travel to New Spain, along with his cousins Pedro and Diego López, in order to help in the administration of the properties of his uncle, Gonzalo López. The latter, who had attained the rank of "maestre de campo" during Cortés's Conquest of Mexico, had previously been accompanied by the eldest of the brothers, Gutierre, during a trip to New Spain in 1546, realized for the purposes of serving as "procurador general" (procurator general) of the colony.
In 1553, sons of former Mérida "regidor" Beltrán de Cetina and his Sevillian wife Isabel de Velasco, Beltrán and Gregorio de Cetina y Velasco (there was also another, more obscure, brother named Antonio), traveled to New Spain on a ship captained by Juan de Andino, to live as "encomenderos", ultimately leaving multiple descendants in Yucatán, Tabasco, Campeche, and places further afield. 
In 1554, Gutierre returned to Mexico only to die in Villa del Espíritu Santo as a result of an infected facial-wound received on April 1 of that year while residing in Puebla, and which was inflicted by the volatile son of one of Panfilo de Narváez's followers, Hernando de Nava, who mistook the poet for Francisco de Peralta, rival for the favors and "amours" of Leonor de Osma, a lady married to the notable and elderly physician Pedro de la Torre. A portrait, purported to be a true likeness of Gutierre, accompanied by a biographical sketch, is included by painter and poet Francisco Pacheco in his 1599 "Libro de descripción de verdaderos Retratos de Ilustres y memorables varones" (Book of the Description of the True Portraits of Illustrious and Memorable Men). 
García del Castillo, having married Catalina López de Olivares, daughter of the notable Sevillian judge Juan de Olivares and his wife Beatriz López, settled in the City of Mexico; numbering among his children the "bachiller" and presbyter cleric ("clérigo presbítero") Beltrán de Cetina (born ca. 1558), a graduate of the Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico. María del Castillo (the third sibling so surnamed) married influential "conquistador" Francisco Tamayo de Pacheco and settled in Mérida.
Gregorio de Zetina y del Castillo, having settled in Mérida, married Mariana (or María) de Quijada y Contreras, niece of Diego de Quijada, "alcalde mayor" of Yucatán from 1561–1565, and daughter of Cristóbal Gutiérrez (a "conquistador" and settler of Chiapas) and Ana de Contreras; their numerous children were Francisca del Castillo, Beltrán de Cetina, Gregorio de Cetina, Diego Quijada, Juan Quijada, Gutierre de Cetina, Hernando de Porras, Gabriel de Cetina, Cristóbal Quijada, and Andrés del Castillo (the surnaming custom was not necessarily linear). Gregorio de Cetina was for a time steward of the chapel of San Juan Bautista, in Mérida, position from which he profited financially. Many of the brothers, their relatives and dependants, left record of their migratory movements in the Casa de Contratación de Indias of Seville. The Cetinas were related by blood or marriage to the Montejos, the Pachecos, the Ortizes de San Pedro, the Rozas, among others, all of whom are counted as being among the first colonizers of Mexico and other lands.

</doc>
<doc id="21609401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609401" title="Mechanical Cabaret">
Mechanical Cabaret

Mechanical Cabaret are a British electronic synth alternative music project, based on the music and lyrics of Roi Robertson from North London, now together with Steve Bellamy as a full-time member of the band since 2010.
Early years: 1999 - 2004.
Together with Tobi Chandler on synths and Bruce Lovelock on Slide Projector, they played many live shows in London, at venues like Slimelight and the Underworld, and several gigs around the UK, for two years. One of their most significant shows around this time was supporting Fad Gadget at his comeback gig in London in 2001.
In June 2002 Roi released his first album "We Have An Agenda". The song "Nothing Special" from the CD was picked up on by an American film-maker called Todd Stephens, and used as part of the official Metropolis Records soundtrack for the film "Gypsy 83", along with bands such as The Cure and Bauhaus.
In 2003 they played live support to The Damned, Sheep on Drugs, and toured the United Kingdom again, this time with Bruce on synths too, supporting Sigue Sigue Sputnik along with Greenhaus. Later that year, Roi contributed lyrics and vocals to a Greenhaus track called 'Try Harder' which appeared on their album 'Another Life'. Steve Bellamy from Greenhaus went on to work with Roi on the recording, engineering and production of the second Mechanical Cabaret album "Product For Your Insecurity" and is now an official member of the band.
In 2004, whilst continuing to play live shows around London and the UK, Mechanical Cabaret released the double A-side single "Cheap and Nasty/See Her Smile" on Umami Records. This included a Nag Nag Nag (an infamous Electroclash club of the day) remix of "Cheap and Nasty", the first ever official Nag Nag Nag remix, made by Jonny Slut and his band Atomizer.
2005 - 2007.
Mechanical Cabaret played many support slots in 2005, including playing with Karl Bartos of Kraftwerk, Suicide, Doug McCarthy from Nitzer Ebb, Mesh, Covenant, and T. Raumschmiere. In April 2006, they released their second album "Product For Your Insecurity". Along with the new album came an offer from electro-pop act Mesh to support them on their European Tour that spring.
Roi remixed 'Like A Bird' from the album 'Synthetik' by long standing Mute Records' artists Komputer (formerly 'I Start Counting' and 'Fortran 5'). This was released as a 7" single and download in September 2007 by Mute.
In 2007 Roi signed a 2 album deal with Hamburg based Major Records Medien GmbH, the European home of Nitzer Ebb, Ladytron and IAMX, and signed a publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Entertainment GmbH. Major released the song ‘Disbehave' from 'Product For Your Insecurity' as a single at the end of that year.
2008 - 2010.
Roi spent 2008 in the studio recording, turning down all live performances in order to finish what was to become the next Mechanical Cabaret full length album. The album "Damaged Goods" and the single "GBH" were both released by Major Records Medien GmbH on March 20, 2009. During the year they performed live headline shows, and gigs with Motor, fresh off their tour supporting Depeche Mode in Europe, as well as Alec Empire, and A Flock of Seagulls.
On January 2, 2010, the single "Careful, Careless" was released from the Damaged Goods album. Amongst their live shows this year they supported "Nitzer Ebb" in Hamburg, and "DAF" in London.
On September 10, 2010, Mechanical Cabaret released a new single, recorded together with Inertia, on Cryonica Records - a cover version of the Joe Meek/Geoff Goddard hit from 1961 'Johnny Remember Me'. The CD features their joint cover version, and also a remix made by each band.
Also in September, Major released their new single "Ne Plus Ultra", featuring remixes by Lowpulse, and a cover of the Fun Boy Three song The Lunatics Have Taken Over The Asylum.
2011.
The band released the remixes and rarities album Disco Vandalism including the single In Loving Memory - DV800 remix - replete with accompanying video. They played many live shows during this year, including a short UK tour with Toyah.
2012.
They played main support to VNV Nation in Birmingham in January, and at an alternative festival, also in Birmingham, the following month, debuting some of the new material from the album Roi and Steve are currently working on together. They are due to headline at the Dark Waters alternative music festival in Nottingham on May 13, 2012.
Releases.
Albums.
"We Have An Agenda" - Soiled Records 2002
"Product For Your Insecurity" - Soiled Records 2006
"Damaged Goods" - Major Records Medien GmbH 2009
"Disco Vandalism" - Soiled Records/Major Records 2011 /> "Beyond Science and Superstition" - Soiled Records/Major Records 2013
Singles.
"Cheap and Nasty/See Her Smile" - Umami Records 2004
"Disbehave" - Major Records Medien GmbH 2008
"GBH" - Major Records 2009
"Careful Careless" - Major Records 2010
"Johnny, Remember Me" (recorded with the band Inertia) - Cryonica Records 2010 
"Ne Plus Ultra" - Major Records 2010
"In Loving Memory" - Major Records 2011
Other.
"Nothing Special" - Gypsy 83 OST - Metropolis Records 2003
"See Her Smile (Radiophonic Mix: Edit)" - Advanced Electronics 5 CD Compilation - SPV Records 2006
"Disbehave (Mesh ASBO Mix)" - Elektrisch!2 Compilation - Major Records Medien GmbH 2007
"See Her Smile (Radiophonic Mix: Full length)" - Elektrisch!3 Compilation - Major Records Medien GmbH 2008
"Let's Go To Bed" - Orbit Electro Compilation - Major Records Medien GmbH 2009
Remixes of other Artists by Mechanical Cabaret.
Mesh - Step By Step Mechanical Cabaret remix - Elektrisch! 2 Compilation - Major Records Medien GmbH 2007
Client - Xerox Machine Mechanical Cabaret remix - Elektrisch! 2 Compilation - Major Records Medien GmbH 2007
Komputer - Like A Bird Mechanical Cabaret remix - 7" Single - Mute Records 2007
Helalyn Flowers - Love Like Aliens - Hentai Tentacle Sex Mix by Mechanical Cabaret - Alfa Matrix Records 2009
Kunt and the Gang - Use My Arsehole As A Cunt - Mechanical Cabaret remix - Disco Minge Records 2010
Mesh - Only Better - Bipolar Mix - An Alternative Solution - remix album - Dependent Records 2011
Nitzer Ebb - Once You Say - Mechanical Cabaret remix - Unreleased... so far!

</doc>
<doc id="21609402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609402" title="Río Chico Department">
Río Chico Department

Río Chico Department may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609404" title="Tolerance analysis">
Tolerance analysis

Tolerance analysis is the general term for activities related to the study of accumulated variation in mechanical parts and assemblies. Its methods may be used on other types of systems subject to accumulated variation, such as mechanical and electrical systems. Engineers analyze tolerances for the purpose of evaluating geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T). Methods include 2D tolerance stacks, 3D Monte Carlo simulations, and datum conversions.
Tolerance stackups or tolerance stacks are terms used to describe the problem-solving process in mechanical engineering of calculating the effects of the accumulated variation that is allowed by specified dimensions and tolerances. Typically these dimensions and tolerances are specified on an engineering drawing. Arithmetic tolerance stackups use the worst-case maximum or minimum values of dimensions and tolerances to calculate the maximum and minimum distance (clearance or interference) between two features or parts. Statistical tolerance stackups evaluate the maximum and minimum values based on the absolute arithmetic calculation combined with some method for establishing likelihood of obtaining the maximum and minimum values, such as Root Sum Square (RSS) or Monte-Carlo methods.
Modeling.
In performing a tolerance analysis, there are two fundamentally different analysis tools for predicting stackup variation: worst-case analysis and statistical analysis.
Worst-case.
Worst-case tolerance analysis is the traditional type of tolerance stackup calculation. The individual variables are placed at their tolerance limits in order to make the measurement as large or as small as possible. The worst-case model does not consider the distribution of the individual variables, but rather that those variables do not exceed their respective specified limits. This model predicts the maximum expected variation of the measurement. Designing to worst-case tolerance requirements guarantees 100 percent of the parts will assemble and function properly, regardless of the actual component variation. The major drawback is that the worst-case model often requires very tight individual component tolerances. The obvious result is expensive manufacturing and inspection processes and/or high scrap rates. Worst-case tolerancing is often required by the customer for critical mechanical interfaces and spare part replacement interfaces. When worst-case tolerancing is not a contract requirement, properly applied statistical tolerancing can ensure acceptable assembly yields with increased component tolerances and lower fabrication costs. 
Statistical variation.
The statistical variation analysis model takes advantage of the principles of statistics to relax the component tolerances without sacrificing quality. Each component’s variation is modeled as a statistical distribution and these distributions are summed to predict the distribution of the assembly measurement. Thus, statistical variation analysis predicts a distribution that describes the assembly variation, not the extreme values of that variation. This analysis model provides increased design flexibility by allowing the designer to design to any quality level, not just 100 percent. 
While no official engineering standard covers the process or format of tolerance analysis and stackups, these are essential components of good product design. Tolerance stackups should be used as part of the mechanical design process, both as a predictive and a problem-solving tool. The methods used to conduct a tolerance stackup depend somewhat upon the engineering dimensioning and tolerancing standards that are referenced in the engineering documentation, such as American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Y14.5, ASME Y14.41, or the relevant ISO dimensioning and tolerancing standards. Understanding the tolerances, concepts and boundaries created by these standards is vital to performing accurate calculations.
Tolerance stackups serve engineers by:
Concerns with tolerance stackups.
A safety factor is often included in designs because of concerns about:

</doc>
<doc id="21609411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609411" title="Hungary–Pakistan relations">
Hungary–Pakistan relations

Hungary–Pakistan relations are foreign relations between Hungary and Pakistan. Both countries established diplomatic relations on November 26, 1965. Since 1970, Hungary has an embassy in Islamabad and an honorary consulate in Karachi. Pakistan has an embassy in Budapest
Economic relations.
As of 2013, Hungary has invested US$1.4 billion in the energy sector in Pakistan. 
In 2012, the volume of trade between the two countries was US$56 million. 
Hungarian based MOL Pakistan Oil & Gas Company has been operating since 2004 in Khyber Pakhtoonkhaw. 
Defence co-operation.
The Hungarian Chief of Defence Staff, General Andres Havril visited Pakistan Minister of Defence Rao Sikandar Iqbal 
Hungarian assistance.
The Hungarian Government has offered assistance to Pakistan during the 2011 floods and 2005 Kashmir earthquake. 

</doc>
<doc id="21609416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609416" title="Lac Nère">
Lac Nère

Lac Nère is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2309 m, its surface area is 0.02 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609420" title="Lac du Pourtet">
Lac du Pourtet

Lac du Pourtet is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées, France. At an elevation of 2420 m, its surface area is 0.058 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609425" title="Pakistan–Serbia relations">
Pakistan–Serbia relations

Pakistan–Serbia relations are foreign relations between Pakistan and Serbia. Pakistan has had an embassy in Belgrade since 2001. Serbia closed its embassy in Islamabad in 2001 due to financial reasons and . On 24 December 2012, Pakistan recognised the Republic of Kosovo, which Serbia claims as part of its territory, although there has been no response yet by the Serbian Government.

</doc>
<doc id="21609426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609426" title="The Right Hand of Doom">
The Right Hand of Doom

The Right Hand of Doom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609429" title="A. S. Gage Ranch">
A. S. Gage Ranch

The A. S. Gage Ranch is a cattle ranch located in Brewster and Presidio Counties in west Texas. Today’s ranch is only a part of what was a once much larger operation founded in 1883 by Alfred S. Gage. It is still in the family, being owned and operated by Alfred’s granddaughters Roxana Hayne and Joan Kelleher. Joan is the wife of Herb Kelleher, founder of Southwest Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="21609435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609435" title="2009–10 NHL season">
2009–10 NHL season

The 2009–10 NHL season was the 93rd season of operation (92nd season of play) of the National Hockey League (NHL), and the 100th season since the founding of the predecessor National Hockey Association (NHA). It ran from October 1, 2009, including four games in Europe on October 2 and 3—until April 11, 2010, with the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs running to June 9, 2010. A mid-season break from February 15 to February 28 occurred to allow participation of NHL players in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Because of the Winter Olympics break, there was no NHL All-Star Game for 2010. The Stanley Cup Final saw the Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Philadelphia Flyers in six games.
League business.
Salary cap.
The salary cap was only increased a small amount for 2009–10 season. It was set at $56.8 million, which is $100,000 higher than in the 2008–09 season. The salary floor was $40.8 million.
Entry Draft.
The Entry Draft was held June 26–27, 2009 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec. The New York Islanders chose John Tavares with the first overall pick. Other notable picks were Matt Duchene, Victor Hedman, Evander Kane and Brayden Schenn.
New uniforms.
Several teams (Calgary, Minnesota, Nashville, Florida, and Colorado) debuted new third uniforms this season, while Philadelphia and Edmonton made their third uniform their primary home jersey, and Chicago made the jersey they wore for the previous season's Winter Classic their new alternate. The New Jersey Devils announced plans to play one game (March 17 against the Pittsburgh Penguins, the first anniversary of Martin Brodeur's record breaking 552nd win) wearing their 1982–1992 uniforms, albeit transferred onto the league's current RBK Edge jersey template. In addition, NHL officials had new uniforms, which debuted at the 2009 All-Star Game.
Television dispute.
Prior to the season, a contract dispute between Versus (the NHL cable carrier for the United States) and satellite television supplier DirecTV blacked out Versus for 14 million satellite subscribers. Versus was restored to DirecTV in March 2010. While negotiations were secret, it was reported by the media that the dispute was over the 'slotting' of Versus with other channels. Versus was restored to DirecTV in the same tier of channels as the previous season. Versus President Jamie Davis confirmed that the dispute was necessary to get "the same level of distribution we had prior to be taken off the air".
Phoenix Coyotes bankruptcy and sale.
The Phoenix Coyotes' holding company, Dewey Ranch Hockey LLC, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In a statement, Moyes announced that he had agreed in principle to sell the team to PSE Sports and Entertainment, headed by Research in Motion co-CEO Jim Balsillie, for $212.5 million. As part of the deal, Balsillie intended to move the Coyotes to Hamilton, Ontario. Although initial reports said that Balsillie was considering Kitchener as well, Hamilton already has an NHL-sized arena in place, Copps Coliseum, and Balsillie was already in talks with city officials to secure a lease for the arena. Hamilton had previously bid for an NHL team in the 1990s, narrowly losing out to Ottawa. Balsillie had previously made unsuccessful approaches to purchase the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators, with the intent of relocating either team to Hamilton.
The NHL opposed the bankruptcy and the matter went to Phoenix bankruptcy court. Two other potential bidders for the team emerged, Jerry Reinsdorf, owner of the Chicago White Sox and Ice Edge Holdings. Bankruptcy hearings were held from May until September. Reinsdorf and Ice Edge did not bid for the team, and the NHL put in the only rival bid for the team at court.
In September, a Phoenix bankruptcy court rejected offers from the NHL and Jim Balsillie, ending Balsillie's plan to move the Coyotes to Hamilton, Ontario. The NHL's offer was rejected because it left out creditors Jerry Moyes and Wayne Gretzky. On Balsillie's offer, Judge Redfield T. Baum refused to sanction the use of bankruptcy to force relocation of a franchise on a league. Gretzky, who was head coach of the team for the previous four seasons, stayed away from training camp and was replaced. The Coyotes played their first home game to a sell-out; however, attendance was lower at other games in the month of October. Later in the month, the NHL and Moyes came to a tentative agreement to transfer ownership of the Coyotes to the NHL.
In December, the NHL announced that Ice Edge Holdings, a partnership of Canadians and Phoenix-area businessmen, had signed a letter of intent with the NHL to purchase the Coyotes. Ice Edge, which plans to keep the team in Phoenix, plans to play five Coyotes home games in Saskatoon each season as part of a five-year plan to return the Coyotes to profitability. Ice Edge would still have to negotiate a lease agreement with the City of Glendale, and have its ownership approved by the NHL Board of Governors.
On March 6, the NHL launched a lawsuit for $61 million against former Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes to recover $10 million in bankruptcy court costs, $20 million in losses for 2009–10 and $11.6 million owed to creditors. Three weeks later, the Coyotes clinched their first playoff berth since 2002.
On April 13, Glendale, Arizona City Council approved a lease and sale agreement with Jerry Reinsdorf to take over the Coyotes and their lease of the Jobing.Com Arena. The Council rejected the Ice Edge group. The agreement will create a special tax district surrounding the arena. Businesses in that district will pay $47 million annually to support the team. The agreement gives Reinsdorf the option to move the team after five years if revenues are not up to expectations. Former Coyotes CEO Jeff Shumway criticized the deal, saying that the team would not have gone bankrupt if the same deal had been available two years earlier. Reinsdorf's bid, which will pay the NHL $65 million for the team, has to be approved by the league board of governors.
Preseason.
The 2009–10 preseason for most teams started on September 14, 2009.
2009 Kraft Hockeyville.
Since 2006, Kraft Foods has sponsored a sweepstakes called "Kraft Hockeyville", in which various small cities across Canada compete against each other with the hopes of winning the privilege of having an NHL pre-season game played in a local sports complex or arena, along with a hockey festival named the "Stanley Cup Jamboree". The 2009 winner was the city of Terrace, British Columbia. The pre-season matchup was between the home town favorite Vancouver Canucks and the New York Islanders.
Victoria Cup.
The Victoria Cup, which was held in Zurich, Switzerland on September 29, 2009, just prior to the regular-season games, was contested between ZSC Zurich Lions and the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks. The game was won by Zurich 2-1.
Regular season.
Four teams (Blackhawks, Blues, Panthers and Red Wings) began their season in the NHL Premiere series, each playing two regular-season games in Europe. The Red Wings played the Blues in Stockholm, Sweden at Ericsson Globe while the Blackhawks and Panthers played in Helsinki, Finland at Hartwall Areena on October 2 and October 3. This is the second-straight season that Sweden has hosted an NHL regular season game, and the third season of the Premiere series, in which NHL regular season games are held in Europe. Unlike in previous years, the European games are not the inaugural games, as the regular season began October 1 in North America.
The Avalanche, picked by many in the media to finish last in the Western Conference, instead roared to a 10–2–2 mark for the month of October to lead the Western Conference, partly on the strong play of Craig Anderson in net and rookies Ryan O'Reilly and Matt Duchene. The Coyotes, who were also not expected to make the playoffs, started strongly. The team had signed some veterans and demoted some young players to the minors. The Coyotes surprised the Stanley Cup champion Penguins 3–0 in Pittsburgh.
In the Eastern Conference, the Penguins had the best record after the first month. Teams playing at a higher level than predicted included the Sabres, which led the Northeast Division through most of October. On the other end of the scale, 2009 Conference finalist Hurricanes had a 2–8–3 record for October, the worst in franchise history.
In early November, the Columbus Chamber of Commerce released a report detailing how the Blue Jackets were losing $12 million per year. According to "The Columbus Dispatch", the team's ownership is not prepared to continue funding the 'structural problem'. The Blue Jackets spend $5 million annually in arena rent, and lose around $4 million per year on events at the Nationwide Arena. The arena district is estimated to provide $30 million in taxes. The report by Stephen A. Buser, suggests some options including the use of local and state taxes.
Two streaks came to an end in November. The Devils won nine games in a row on the road to start the season, one short of the league record set in the 2006–07 season by the Sabres, before losing in Philadelphia to the Flyers. The Hurricanes lost a franchise-high 14 games in a row before defeating the Wild in a shootout on November 15. The streak included overtime and shootout losses.
The 2009 flu pandemic hit the Oilers hard with several players out for stretches in October. The Flames received their flu shots ahead of the general public, causing an Alberta health official to be fired. The Maple Leafs and the Canucks teams both had members of their staff "jump the queue" and receive flu shots ahead of the general public and were criticized in the media.
In December, Shane Doan of the Coyotes played his 1,000th game in a 2–1 shootout win over the Blue Jackets. On December 21, New Jersey Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur recorded his 104th shutout, breaking a record set by Terry Sawchuk during the 1969–70 NHL season.
Three head coaches lost their positions in mid-season. Despite being early favorites for the Stanley Cup, the Philadelphia Flyers were 13-11-1 and 10th in the Eastern Conference when John Stevens was fired on December 4, 2009. On January 2, 2010, the Blues fired coach Andy Murray. In 2008–09, the Blues had made the playoffs but struggled during 2009–10. Davis Payne was named interim head coach. One month later, on February 3, 2010, the Blue Jackets, unhappy with their slide in the standings after a good start, fired defensive-minded coach Ken Hitchcock. Although the slide had started months previous, team management had given time to Hitchcock to resolve the situation before firing him.
Player trades started in earnest a month before the March 3, 2010 trade deadline. On January 31, the Maple Leafs made two large trades, getting Dion Phaneuf from the Flames in a seven-player trade, and J. S. Giguere from the Ducks for two players. The Flames were not done, trading Olli Jokinen to the Rangers the next day. After top scorer and pending free agent Ilya Kovalchuk turned down a $101 million contract offer from the Thrashers, he was traded to the Devils on February 4.
On February 5, Boston investment banker Jeff Vinik agreed to buy the Lightning from owners OK Hockey, headed by Oren Koules and Len Barrie. The sale price was not disclosed, although the media speculated it was much less than the US$206 million that OK Hockey paid. The purchase is contingent on the approval of the NHL Board of Governors.
On February 8, Canadiens' general manager (GM) Bob Gainey announced his retirement as GM, staying on as advisor to the club. Assistant GM Pierre Gauthier became the interim GM. Gauthier and coach Jacques Martin held the same positions with the Senators in the late 1990s.
From 3 pm EST on February 12 until 11:59 pm on Feb. 28, teams were not permitted to make any trades, since many NHL players were competing at the 2010 Winter Olympics. The March 3 trade deadline produced 31 trades involving 55 players, the largest number in NHL history. The most active team was the Coyotes, who were involved in seven deals. Unlike previous seasons, the Coyotes were in a playoff position at the trade deadline and were "buyers" of players rather than "sellers" (that is, they were looking to acquire key players to give the team a chance in the playoffs, rather than trading away players to other teams seeking playoff success). Only the Dallas Stars and Philadelphia Flyers did not make any trades between March 1 (after the Olympic roster freeze was lifted) and the trade deadline on March 3 at 3:00 pm EST. 
Final standings.
"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, OTL = Overtime/Shootout Losses, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"
bold – Qualified for playoffs; y – Won division
Eastern Conference.
p – Won Presidents' Trophy (and division)
Tiebreaking procedures.
If two or more clubs are tied in points during the regular season, the ranking of the clubs is determined in the following order:
Special events.
The Avalanche retired 19, the number of Joe Sakic, at their home opener on October 1. The Canadiens celebrated their centennial on December 4 and retired the number 3 for Emile Bouchard and number 16 for Elmer Lach (which was already previously retired for Henri Richard). The Phoenix Coyotes retired 27, the number of Teppo Numminen at their home game.
Winter Classic.
On July 15, 2009, the NHL announced that the third installment of the Winter Classic would take place on January 1, 2010, at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts with the Bruins hosting the Flyers. Because the NHL did not host an All-Star Game in the 2009–10 season due to the 2010 Olympics, this became the league's showcase event. The Bruins won the game 2–1 in overtime. Marco Sturm scored the game-winning overtime goal, after the Bruins were initially down 1–0 in regulation. After the game, the roster of the United States men's hockey team for the 2010 Winter Olympics was released, which included Bruins' goaltender Tim Thomas.
Olympics.
The NHL did not hold an All-Star Game this season. Instead, many of the league's players participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada. The Olympic men's ice hockey tournament ran from February 16 to February 28, 2010. It was the first time since the NHL allowed its players to compete in the Olympics that the Winter Olympics were held in an NHL market, as well as the first to use an NHL-sized ice rink (as opposed to the bigger one normally used for international play). General Motors Place, the Canucks' home arena, was the primary ice hockey venue for the Olympics, and was formally called "Canada Hockey Place". The temporary name change reflects the International Olympic Committee policy against selling or promoting naming rights for its competition venues. Another example of this policy is that the ice surface and dasher boards had their advertisements removed. The Canadian team won gold, the American team won silver, and the Finnish team won bronze. At the end of the tournament, United States goaltender Ryan Miller was named Tournament MVP.
In order to prepare General Motors Place for the Olympics, the Canucks were required to face the longest road trip in NHL history, playing 14 straight road games from January 27 to March 13, 2010
Playoffs.
After the regular season, the standard of 16 teams qualified for the playoffs. The Washington Capitals won the Presidents' Trophy for having the best record in the league, at 121 points. Division champions maintained their relative ranking during the entire playoffs while the remaining teams were reseeded below them after each round.
These playoffs featured a rare event in professional sports, as the Flyers emerged from trailing three games to none against the Boston Bruins, and then after trailing three goals to none in game seven, they came back to win game seven and the series 4-3.
Stanley Cup Final.
The Chicago Blackhawks won their first Stanley Cup since , defeating the Philadelphia Flyers in six games. Their overtime win in Game 6 marked the first time that the Cup was won in overtime since the New Jersey Devils in .
Playoff bracket.
In each round, the highest remaining seed in each conference was matched against the lowest remaining seed. The higher-seeded team was awarded home ice advantage. In the Stanley Cup Finals, home ice was determined based on regular season points. Each best-of-seven series follows a 2–2–1–1–1 format: the higher-seeded team played at home for games one and two (plus five and seven if necessary), and the lower-seeded team was at home for games three and four (and if necessary, game six). This was determined on April 11.
Player statistics.
Scoring leaders.
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the regular season.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Source: NHL
Leading goaltenders.
The following goaltenders led the league in goals against average at the end of the regular season.
"GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"
Milestones.
First games.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 2009–10, listed with their first team:

</doc>
<doc id="21609441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609441" title="Lac des Vieilles Forges">
Lac des Vieilles Forges

Lac des Vieilles Forges is a lake at Renwez in Ardennes, France. The reservoir has a surface area of 1.4 km². It is located at an elevation of 340 m.

</doc>
<doc id="21609444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609444" title="Controllable slope soaring">
Controllable slope soaring

Controllable-slope soaring (also known as Walkalong gliding) is a type of slope soaring where a slope is made to follow a walkalong glider (a lightweight toy aircraft), both sustaining and controlling the glider's trajectory by modifying the wind in the vicinity of the airplane. 
A controllable slope is any object which can be used to affect the air under the airplane: a piece of cardboard, the pilot's hands or even head. The controllable slope is usually manipulated by a person following the glider in flight (please see photo at right). 
Controllable-slope soaring allows a glider to achieve sustained flight without the need for an onboard aircraft engine or onboard flight control system.

</doc>
<doc id="21609461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609461" title="Kidan Tesfahun">
Kidan Tesfahun

Kidan Tesfahun is an Ethiopian model and national beauty queen.
Biography.
Kidan was crowned Ethiopia's Miss Millennium Queen organisied by London based Ethiopian Life Foundation in 2007. She subsequently represented Ethiopia in Miss Earth 2008 in Quezon City, Philippines, as well as Miss International 2007 in Tokyo, Japan. 
Kidan is an executive secretary in Addis Ababa and she plans to continue her studies in a foreign country to obtain international experience.
On 24 July 2009, she was named Best Female Model of the World 2009 at a fashion modeling contest organized by Sukier Models International in Alicante, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="21609473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609473" title="KLSF">
KLSF

KLSF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609488" title="Ampani">
Ampani

Ampani is a town in Kalahandi district, Odisha, India and this G.P.(Gram Panchayat) comes under Kokasara tehsil.It is 15 km away from its main town and Block(panchayat samiti) Kokasara.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 313 m from MSL.
Demographics.
According to census of 2001,Ampani had total population of 4,622.In which male and female population were 2275 and 2347 respectively.
This town had Total population of SC(Scheduled Cast) was 782 and Total population of ST(Scheduled Tribe) was 2,957.Toal literacy population in Ampani is 1,588.In which literacy population of male was 1,124 and female literacy population is 464.
Location.
National Highway 201 passes through Ampani. Nearest airport is Biju Patnaik Airport at Bhubaneswar and nearest railway station is at Kesinga.it is 112 km.distance from kesinga and 76 km from bhawanipatna 
ampani is border village of Kalahandi and Nabarangpur district.
Tourist attractions.
Ampani Hills in Kalahandi offers eye feasting views of the panoramic surroundings in a cool and pleasant environment.
The scenic Ampani hills showcase amazing views of the nature. The lush green landscapes and the breathtaking undulated hilly terrains attract the nature lovers and adventurous tourists to Kalahandi. The imposing valley Haladigundi in the ranges of Ampani hill displays mesmerizing views of reflected sun rays. The hill houses many species of rare flora and fauna. Spotted dear can be spotted abundantly in this hilly terrain. Picturesque Ampani hill is the best option to spend days in a natural setting. The region is spectacular for natural walks and trekking.
Festvals.
Dussehra of its presiding deity Sri Budharaja is been a huge celebration in the town is known as Ampani Dushara in Kalahandi District.

</doc>
<doc id="21609491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609491" title="George Bentley House">
George Bentley House

The George Bentley House is a historic house at 9 Earle Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built in 1849-50, this 1.5 story wood frame cottage is Worcester's finest surviving example of Carpenter Gothic styling. It has retained original bargeboard decoration, and also received Queen Anne style scale shingle treatment in its gables.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21609522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609522" title="ProCompare">
ProCompare

ProCompare (ProCompare.com) is a review site that aims to help small businesses evaluate various technology products (software, hardware and webware). It also has a searchable directory of profiles of IT professionals who have registered on the site for review or promotion purposes. The products are reviewed by the registered users and aggregated for providing recommendations.
Users have the option of personalizing the product ranking based on preferences (weightings for different criteria for a given product/service) and can also view product specifications, read reviews of the products and compare selected products.
Product Categories.
At the moment, the site covers primarily laptops / notebooks / netbooks - with a focus towards a cross-section of these products based on user reviews and the needs of the SMB professional.
Other features.
Vendors can register on the site and can add products themselves through a vendor interface.
Differentiation.
ProCompare is different from other review sites by the following characteristics:
- Solely focused on small business technology (while other review sites are typically consumer oriented).
- Relying on a community of IT professionals to rate and review the products (not casual users).
- Patent-pending product ranking method that reflects the shopper's personal preferences and the reviewers' relative trust level.

</doc>
<doc id="21609538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609538" title="Bob Learn, Jr.">
Bob Learn, Jr.

Robert Learn, Jr. (born April 4, 1962) is a former professional ten-pin bowler on the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA) Tour. He is nicknamed, "Mr. 300." He won five titles during his PBA career, including a major at the 1999 "U.S. Open", but is most noted for:
Learn's final PBA title came in 2001 at the Dydo Japan Cup. 
Originally from Erie, Pennsylvania, Learn now resides in Macomb, Michigan. He joined the PBA Senior Tour (renamed the PBA50 Tour) in 2012, and has two titles on that Tour to date. 

</doc>
<doc id="21609544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609544" title="Étang de la Brienne">
Étang de la Brienne

Étang de la Brienne (or Lac de Planèzes) is a lake of Luc-la-Primaube in Aveyron, France. At an elevation of 640 m, its surface area is 0.105 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609547" title="Lac du Moulinet">
Lac du Moulinet

Lac du Moulinet is a lake in Lozère, France. At an elevation of 1075 m, its surface area is 0.13 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21609549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609549" title="Roy Dietzel">
Roy Dietzel

Leroy Louis Dietzel (born January 1, 1931, in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American former professional baseball player who played in nine Major League games in . Signed as an amateur free agent in , Dietzl spent four seasons in the minor leagues prior to playing his first major league game with the Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="21609550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609550" title="Bliss Building">
Bliss Building

The William H. Bliss Building is a historic apartment building at 26 Old Lincoln Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built in 1888, the four story brick building is one of the few remnants of a once larger development of apartment blocks north of Lincoln Square; most of the other period apartment blocks in the area were demolished by highway development or urban renewal processes.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21609560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609560" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County, Ohio">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County, Ohio

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County, Ohio.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 19 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21609616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609616" title="NOTHINGHEAD">
NOTHINGHEAD

NOTHINGHEAD is the sixth album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="21609621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609621" title="Flyawake">
Flyawake

Sustained wakefulness within military combat operations has long been an issue directly related to safety and its impact on those who enter battle. Fatigue remains a formidable enemy in theater operations due to its pervasive impact on cognitive effectiveness during flight. Incidents of fatigue-related errors continue to affect the stability and effectiveness of pilots engaged in 24-7 operations: approximately 20% of all Air Force/Air National Guard aviation mishaps have fatigue as either a causal or contributing factor.
History.
One solution to the issue of fatigue within sustained operations came when the United States Department of Defense (DoD) sought to find a way to identify and quantify potential danger zones related to fatigue. In 1996, the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) began work on the Sleep Performance Model (SPM), in order to perform analysis related to sleep deprivation and its effects on human performance. It led to the development of the SAFTE (Sleep, Activity, Fatigue, and Task Effectiveness) model – a model which calculates effectiveness based on the human sleep/work cycle.
In 2001, the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), through a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grant, sponsored the development of the Fatigue Avoidance Scheduling Tool (FAST), a user interface on the SAFTE model. The outputs rendered through FAST identify time intervals represented through work and sleep durations.
FAST was used in safety investigation boards to model mishap pilots; however, usability issues prevented it from widespread adoption for routine operational use. In 2007, the Air National Guard Safety Division, led by Lt Col Edward Vaughan, funded development of a new, Warfighter-centric application based on the WRAIR Sleep Performance Model / SAFTE algorithm.
In 2007-08, the Air National Guard (NGB/SEF) and MACROsystems, Inc. developed the FlyAwake.org interface in order to provide an application usable at the squadron level. Many ANG Wings participated in development of the initial application, to ensure a product which met end user needs.
The FlyAwake interface contains its own individual set of controls particular to each type of aircraft and mission flown by the ANG. In an effort to ease the burden of data entry, the FlyAwake graphical user interface (GUI) is pre-populated with default data based on aircraft type, relating directly to specified flight duties. Through this method of capture, schedulers and pilots are able to identify familiar controls that are specific to the military’s individualized mode of operations. In addition, an intelligent sleep algorithm is in progress, based on surveys of active duty and ANG units.
Current status.
As of FY09, MACROsystems has embarked on v2.0 of the FlyAwake application, partnering with WRAIR and Concurrent Technologies Corporation (CTC) on behalf of OSD’s Defense Safety Oversight Council (DSOC). Anticipated launch of the new joint military application is set for mid-2009.
Safety Programs.
The FlyAwake application was developed through ANG Safety’s Disruptive Solutions Process (DSP); a process which invests small amounts of resources in many innovative ideas from the field and develops those that show success and return on investment. This process has led to other successful DoD-wide safety programs such as seeandavoid.org, Maintenance Resource Management, Low Level Deconfliction and RideANG. DSP’s inventor, Lt. Col. Edward Vaughan, has recently been inducted into the Air Force Safety Hall of Fame for his revolutionary, entrepreneurial approach to safety program management.

</doc>
<doc id="21609622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609622" title="Fran and Anna">
Fran and Anna

Frances Watt, BEM (16 March 1922 – 14 October 2003) and Anna Watt, BEM (1924 – 19 February 2009) were two Scottish sisters from Coatbridge, Glasgow, who formed a singing duo. They came from a show-biz family, and were child performers touring Lanarkshire clubs from an early age. They initially joined their father David (Valentine Prince) and sister Lily, a pianist, on stage as puppeteers; they remained in show-business for almost seven decades. Lily became their manager, and continued until her death in 1998.
Their father was David Watt, a ventriloquist and children's entertainer who went by the stage name "Valentine Prince". He came from a family of musicians. Fran & Anna Came from a family of five siblings who never married, who shared a house in Coatbridge. They performed as "The Prince Sisters" internationally and on cruise ships in the 1950s and 1960s. In the early 1970s they changed their name to "Fran and Anna", and started to appear regularly on the Scottish Television programme "Thingummyjig". They also appeared with Terry Wogan on his show in the 1980s. They were both awarded the British Empire Medal in 1989 for services in light entertainment. 
Fran and Anna were known for their tartan miniskirts, rouged cheeks and fishnet stockings. They were known for jabot-fronted tartan mini dresses, with matching tartan hats, each decorated with a large feather. Their style is often referred to as "tartan kitsch" They are reported to have worn their trademark style daily.
Showbiz friend Johnny Beattie said that he never saw them without full make-up and costume, even when not working, "I think they even went to bed like that".
Fran and Anna performed many times at the Pavilion Theatre (Glasgow) giving their last performance their in 2002, alongside Jack Milroy, Johnny Beattie and with Gordon Cree at the piano.
Fran died of pneumonia in 2003. Terry Wogan praised Fran and Anna in his condolences on Fran's death. Anna died of natural causes at St Andrews Hospice in her hometown six years later.

</doc>
<doc id="21609658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609658" title="Henry Baldwin (baseball)">
Henry Baldwin (baseball)

Henry Clay Baldwin (June 13, 1894 – February 24, 1964) nicknamed "Ted", was a Major League Baseball infielder. Baldwin played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In 6 career games, he had five career hits in 16 career at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed. Balwin attended Swarthmore College.
Baldwin was born in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania and died in West Chester, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21609679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609679" title="Río Chico Department, Santa Cruz">
Río Chico Department, Santa Cruz

Río Chico Department is a department in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina. It has a population of 2,926 (2001) and an area of 34,262 km². The seat of the department is in Gobernador Gregores.
Demography.
According to a June 2008 estimate from INDEC the population of the department is 3,107.
Table with the demographic evolution of the Río Chico Department according to the national censuses and the variation between censuses in percentage:
"Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadísticas y Censos," INDEC
Notes.
"This article includes content from the Spanish Wikipedia article Departamento Río Chico (Santa Cruz)."

</doc>
<doc id="21609682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609682" title="Asia House">
Asia House

Asia House, is a non-profit, non-political Pan-Asian organisation in the UK. It was founded in 1996 by a small group led by Sir Peter Wakefield, a former diplomat who died aged 89 in December 2010. The current CEO is Michael Lawrence and the Chairman is John Boyd (ambassador).
Since 2005 Asia House has been housed in an 18th-century listed building in London's Marylebone.
Mission.
The publicly stated mission of Asia House is to build dynamic links between the diverse communities of Europe and Asia. The organisation seeks to achieve this by promoting a greater understanding of the distinctive and varied cultures, arts, religions and commercial opportunities presented by the growing vibrant economies of Asia. 
Asia House runs public events programmes covering arts and culture, business and economics and policy and politics covering 40 countries form the Persian Gulf to the Pacific. Highlights of the annual programme include the Pan-Asia Film Festival in March, the Festival of Asian Literature in May and the Asian Business Leaders Summit in October. Historical and Contemporary art from Asia is displayed in a varied exhibitions programme running throughout the year.
Cultural Programmes.
Asia House Cultural Programmes feature lectures and discussion, exhibitions, film and performance, from or about 40 countries of Asia from the Persian Gulf to the Pacific annual events such as the Asia House Festival of Asian Literature, the Asia House Pan-Asia Film Festival, the Connecting Contemporary Cultures series, and a broad program of talks, debates and discussions.
Business and Policy Programmes.
The Asia House Business and Policy Programmes include outstanding business intelligence through lectures, seminars and major conferences delivered by high-profile business and political leaders. Asia House works with Asian heads of mission in the UK, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, UK Trade & Investment and UK corporations. 
Examples of its activities are the Ambassadors/High Commissioners programme through which 
Asia House provides a forum for regular economic and political updates from British and foreign diplomats through informal breakfasts and luncheons, the Visiting Dignitaries programme, offering a platform for Asian leaders and other high-level ministers to deliver their latest economic and political messages, and a "CEO round table" program, which provides a forum for debate and policy review at a senior level by hosting round-table discussions with speakers including UK government ministers and other international figures.
Headquarters.
Asia House's headquarters at 63 New Cavendish Street, London is a Grade II* listed building, originally planned by Robert and James Adam on the Duke of Portland’s Marylebone Estate in the 1770s. By 1775, however, the Adams’ attention had turned to the creation of Portland Place, and neo-classical architect John Johnson took over the site, erecting the townhouse that has since been redeveloped as Asia House. The rooms retain many of their original features – including bookcases designed by Sir John Soane and plaster cornicing – while other parts of the building have been modernised to create café and gallery spaces.
In November 2010, Asia House expanded its mission to fully embrace the reemergent Silk Road region as a landbridge between Asia and Europe with the launch at the House of Lords of the Central Asia and South Caucasus Association (CASCA). The new association will expand and amplify Asia House's business and cultural programmes to include Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan), the Southern Caucasus (Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia) as well as Mongolia, a region broadly defined in prior centuries as Inner Asia.
Awards and recognition.
In 2005, Asia House received the Charity Finance Award for Arts, Culture & Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="21609690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609690" title="FAPLUNK">
FAPLUNK

FAPLUNK is the fifth album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="21609699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609699" title="Martha J. Lamb">
Martha J. Lamb

Martha Joanna Reade Nash Lamb (August 13, 1829 – January 2, 1893) was a United States author, editor and historian.
Biography.
She was born in Plainfield, Massachusetts, to Arvin Nash and Lucinda Vinton. Educated at the Williston Seminary in Easthampton and Northampton High School. She published her first article, "A Visit to My Mother's Birthplace," in a local newspaper, "Hampshire Gazette". On September 8, 1852, she married Charles A. Lamb. They moved to Chicago in 1857 and Martha became involved in charity work. With Jane C. Hoge, she helped found the "Home for the Friendless" and the "Half-Orphan Asylum." In 1863 she was secretary to the United States Sanitary Commission Fair.
Her marriage ended by divorce around 1866, and she took her literary talents to New York City, where, in 1883 she purchased "The Magazine of American History" and became its editor. She was elected to membership in fifteen historical and learned societies in the United States and Europe.
Literary career.
She wrote about 50 shorter stories, and more than 100 historical and other papers in magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="21609716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609716" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina–Romania relations">
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Romania relations

Bosnia and Herzegovina–Romania relations are foreign relations between Romania and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
History.
Romania recognized Bosnia and Herzegovina’s independence on March 1, 1996, both countries established diplomatic relations on the same day. Bosnia and Herzegovina has an embassy in Bucharest. Romania has an embassy in Sarajevo. Relations were described as "excellent" by the foreign ministers in 2006, ahead of the opening of the Bosnian embassy in Bucharest.
Both countries are full members of the Southeast European Cooperation Process, of the Southeast European Cooperative Initiative, of the Stability Pact for South Eastern Europe, of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and of the Council of Europe. They entered into a free trade agreement in April 2003, which Romania withdrew from following its entry into the European Union (EU) in 2007. President Traian Băsescu of Romania made an official visit to Bosnia in March 2008. Romania has argued against any rapid withdrawal of troops from Bosnia, and supports Bosnian entry into the EU.
Romania contributed 200 soldiers to a non-combat Engineering Battalion of IFOR/SFOR in the wake of the Bosnian conflict in the mid-90s, four helicopters to the EUFOR operation between 2005 and 2006, and 85 police to the EU mission between 2003 and 2006. The countries signed a military cooperation plan in 2006.
Police raids of Bosnian brothels in 2001 found that many of the women had been trafficked from Romania, and they were offered repatriation. The UN confirmed that Romanian officers were investigated for possible collusion in the sex trafficking. Further raids in 2002 were organised by the Southeast European Cooperative Initiative in Bucharest, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="21609727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609727" title="In 'n Out">
In 'n Out

"In 'n Out" is the third album by jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded on April 10, 1964 and features performances by Henderson with Kenny Dorham, McCoy Tyner, Richard Davis and Elvin Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that Henderson "has always had the ability to make a routine bop piece sound complex and the most complicated free improvisation seem logical... the music still seems fresh after three decades". The Penguin Guide to Jazz rates the album three and a half stars and states "while in general the temperature seems rather lower than on Henderson's other Blue Notes, it's fascinating, profound music."
Tracklisting.
"All compositions by Joe Henderson except as indicated."

</doc>
<doc id="21609739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609739" title="Journal of Medical Ethics">
Journal of Medical Ethics

The Journal of Medical Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of bioethics established in 1975.
Editors.
Julian Savulescu (University of Oxford) has been editor-in-chief since 2011. Previous editors have been Søren Holm (Cardiff University) and John Harris (University of Manchester, 2001-2011); Raanan Gillon (Imperial College London, 1980-2001); and Alastair V. Campbell (University of Edinburgh, 1975-1980, founding editor).

</doc>
<doc id="21609759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609759" title="Skaggs School of Pharmacy">
Skaggs School of Pharmacy

The Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of California, San Diego is a graduate-level pharmacy school offering five educational programs: 
Prior to the establishment of the school, San Diego was the largest metropolitan city without a local pharmacy school.
History.
The School was authorized by the Regents of the University of California System in July 2000. The school was named on November 4, 2004 in recognition of a $30 million gift, the largest ever to UCSD Health Services, from the Skaggs Institute of Research. The inaugural class began in the Fall of 2002 with 25 Doctorate of Pharmacy students, and graduated the first class of students in the Spring of 2006.
On May 2, 2006, the School opened the doors of its new four story and facility to house all of its academic and research operations.
Currently.
As of 2005, enrollment is 240 Pharm.D. students, 60 Ph.D. students and 30 pharmacy residents. The school accepts 60 Pharm.D. students per year.

</doc>
<doc id="21609773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609773" title="Loisinga">
Loisinga

Loisinga (or Luisingha) is a town in Bolangir district, Odisha, India. Represented by Narasingha Mishra in the state legislative assembly.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 162 m from MSL.
Location.
National Highway 201 passes through Luisinga.
Loisingha is 18 km from its headquarters Bolangir, towards Bargarh.

</doc>
<doc id="21609781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609781" title="Tony Barron">
Tony Barron

Anthony Dirk "Tony" Barron (born August 17, 1966 in Portland, Oregon) is a former Major League Baseball player. Barron played for the Montreal Expos in 1996, and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1997.
He batted and threw right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="21609797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609797" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Huron County, Ohio">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Huron County, Ohio

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Huron County, Ohio.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Huron County, Ohio, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 17 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21609799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609799" title="No Evacuation Possible">
No Evacuation Possible

FAPLUNK is the fourth album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="21609815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609815" title="Tuacahn High School for the Performing Arts (Utah)">
Tuacahn High School for the Performing Arts (Utah)

Tuacahn High School for the Performing Arts was the first public charter high school in the state of Utah. Tuacahn High School is located in Ivins, Utah, just outside of St. George. The school offers a full college preparatory curriculum while focusing in depth on the various areas of the performing arts. Students attending the school must choose an academy (Actor Training, Dance, Music, Musical Theatre, Technical Theatre, or Visual Arts) and must meet specific corresponding requirements that in order to graduate, including a related senior project.
Tuacahn High School students produce numerous music and dance concerts each year as well as plays and musicals in the Orval and Ruth Hafen Theatre (328 seats). Because Tuacahn High School is directly connected to the Tuacahn Center for the Arts, the school is allowed to have high school productions to be performed on the amphitheatre (1,920 seats).
In 2010 they took home 10 awards among the 99 competing schools. In 2011 they were given 9 awards. In 2012 they won first place sweepstakes in the Cambridge division.
Academics.
The academics program is designed to be a full and comprehensive college preparatory course. Offered classes include 4 possible years of math credits and an honors alternate, 4 years of English credits, and corresponding honors courses, a 3 1/2 credit hour history curriculum, 5 possible science credits, and assorted technology, health, and social science courses.
In 2007 Tuacahn was selected as Innovative Charter School of the Year. In 2010 Tuacahn was selected as Outstanding Charter High School. In 2011 Math instructor Christi Hall was selected by USOE as Outstanding Charter School Teacher in Utah.
Academies.
Due to the fact that Tuacahn High School is an arts-specialty high school, there is an opportunity to graduate from an "academy" specializing in a category of the arts. The academies at Tuacahn include an Actor Training academy, Dance academy, Music academy, Musical Theater academy, Tech Theater academy, and a Visual Arts academy.
Actor Training Academy.
The actor training academy at Tuacahn seeks to provide the foundations for theatre actors through a four-year curriculum. The academy mentor is Kyle Lewis, a theatre actor and director with over 25 years of experience in a variety of projects including full scale classic musicals, Shakespeare, along with both traditional and experimental plays. The actor training program at Tuacahn provides not only a four year curriculum but also a multitude of possible acting experience. Theatre Foundations I acts as an introduction to the fundamentals of drama for beginning actors with little to know previous acting experience. Theatre Foundations II focuses on the development of skills used in the performance of modern plays. Theatre Foundations III focuses on the further development of classic theatre skills including improvisation and shakespeare performance. The final class in the curriculum, Theatre Foundations IV, seeks to prepare students with the skills necessary for the college and eventually professional work in the field.
In a normal school year the Actor Training Academy puts on 1 or 2 stage plays, takes a shakespeare production to the Utah Shakespeare Festival, and sometimes performs at other small events.
To graduate from the Actor Training Academy, students must complete all four Theatre Foundations classes and two additional elective courses.
Dance Academy.
The Tuacahn Dance Academy seeks to further the technical and performance ability of its students to a high level. Jennifer Dail, Bachelor of Dance Performance from SUU and Master of Dance from University of Wisconsin, is the mentor of the Tuacahn dance academy. She teaches a Dance History course, and a 3 level dance course that provides a variety in styles including ballet, jazz, tap, and modern. Dance I provides an introduction to basic dance technique to those with little to no previous dance experience. Dance II is a continuation of the course that seeks to further skills needed for dance performance including strength, flexibility, endurance, coordination, and total fitness. Dance III or Advanced Dance continues with the development along with the extension of the dancers vocabulary and knowledge of history. Dance Company is Tuacahn's premiere, audition-only group. Along with being a continuation of the skills developed in previous experience, students will also be required to choreograph a dance for one of the concerts through the year.
The Dance Academy puts on two concerts throughout each school year one in the Fall and one in the Spring. In both Dance Company students perform pieces choreographed by the students themselves.
To graduate from the Dance Academy, students must complete the following courses, Dance I, and Dance II courses and 4 additional elective courses.
Music Academy.
The music program at Tuacahn is separated into two categories, vocal and instrumental music.
Vocal.
J.P. Kentros, the vocal music mentor, double majored in Music Education and Theatre Education from SUU. The vocal music program consists of 4 choirs and a Vocal Techniques class. The choirs include Concert Choir, a mixed choir that serves as the foundation for beginners; Radiante, the advanced women's choir; Men's Choir, the advanced men's choir; and Madrigals, the top advanced audition only a cappella choir; all of which are directed by Kentros. Under his direction the choirs have consistently scored high in competitions and perform often. Some of these awards include, first place at the 2011 Shakespeare Festival Madrigal competition, and second place in 2012 and 2013.
In a normal school year, the vocal music division of the Music Academy has a concert series theme with four performance series'. The choirs attend regular competitions and the Madrigals choir usually goes on one or two tours. The choirs usually perform at several other small events such as events at the St. George Tabernacle or other events such as the St. George Temple lighting.
Yearly the choirs participate in two or three major competitions. Yearly the Madrigals go to the Utah Shakespeare Festival in Cedar City. They tied for first in 2010, won first in 2011, placed second in 2012, and tied second in 2013.
Instrumental.
Jason Bonham, the instrumental music mentor, is the principal violist of the Las Vegas Philharmonic Orchestra. In the past, he has worked in several symphonies including the Chicago Symphony, St. Louis Symphony, and the Milwaukee Symphony. At Tuacahn He directs three ensemble groups and a String Techniques class. The ensembles include; Tuacahn Strings, a beginners non-audition orchestra, Wind Ensemble, an ensemble course for wind, brass, and percussion, and Titan Chamber Orchestra, an elite, audition-only orchestra that showcases the top string players of Tuacahn High School.
Jack Sharpe, an experienced trombonist, teaches a single course. Jazz Band is a band consisting of saxophones, brass, and a complete rhythm section. The goal is to introduce the band to a variety of jazz styles including, big band, be-bop, bossa nova, and other styles.
Dave Andersen, Master of Music Performance, and Bachelor of Music Education from UNLV, directs the guitar program at Tuacahn. He teaches a Music Theory course and directs three guitar ensembles. Beginner Guitar Ensemble provides an introduction to guitar for those who have never had any previous guitar experience. Intermediate Guitar Ensemble attempts to further the students technical and performance level. Titan Classical Guitar is an audition-only ensemble that attempts to further the technical skill of the students and provide them with a variety of style experience.
In a school year there are two main concerts for the instrumental music academy. The ensembles also participate in yearly competitions and other possible small events. As of the 2013-2014 school year, members of the instrumental music academy also participate in stage productions when instrumental music is needed.
To graduate from the Music Academy, students can take and repeat any ensemble class and any other elective courses to reach a total of six elective courses.
In the 2013-2014 school year the Chamber Orchestra and the Madrigals Choir learned The Sunrise Mass by Ola Gjeilo, a four movement mass. Together the group toured Seattle and did concerts in Nordstrom Recital Hall.
Musical Theatre Academy.
The Musical Theatre academy seeks to excel students to the highest point in singing, dancing and acting all at once creating a "triple-threat." Kyle Lewis, the actor training mentor, and J.P. Kentros, the vocal music mentor, are co-mentors for this academy. The academy classes consist of three main classes. MDT I is an introduction to the "triple-threat" curriculum and seeks to teach students the basics of using the music, dance, and acting to tell a story. MDT II is the intermediate course that seeks to excel students to an advanced level in musical theatre. Hyperion is an audition only course designed to prepare students for a professional career in music.
The Musical Theatre Academy puts on 1 or 2 stage musicals and at least one on the Tuacahn Amphitheatre Stage. Early in the year MDT students participate in a Renaissance Feaste to showcase the Actor Training academy's Shakespeare monologues and production. There are also 2 yearly showcases one at Christmas and one at the end of April.
To graduate from the Musical Theatre Academy, students must complete the following courses, Theatre Foundations I, Theatre Foundations II, MDT I, and three additional elective courses.
Tuacahn High School's 2014 production of South Pacific, broke all previous box office records for a high school show opening night selling over 1,100 tickets. It was also the first production from the high school to feature a full pit orchestra.
Theatre Tech Academy.
The technical theatre program at Tuacahn is divided into two sub categories, namely technical theatre, and theatre construction/maintenance. Josh Scott is in his fourth year teaching at Tuacahn High School, and is director of the technical theatre program. Josh has a BS in Theatre, with a technical emphasis.
The technical theatre academy, instructed and run by Josh Scott, emphasises instruction on the electronic side of technician training, namely audio, electrics/lighting, and visual learning, as well as stage edicate, and stage management. Select members of the technical theatre program participate yearly in the SUU Shakespeare Festival Tech Olympics.
The theatre construction program is instructed Kyle Hansen, a teacher new to Tuacahn for the 2013 - 2014 school year. Theatre construction students learn the basics of set and prop construction, as well as how to take care of many issues, common to theaters.
To graduate from the Theatre Tech Academy, students must complete the Theatre Foundations I and II courses, the Technical Theatre I, and II courses, Fashion and Interior Design, and one additional elective course.
Visual Arts Academy.
The Visual Arts Academy seeks to excel students to their highest artistic performance and artistic best whether in painting landscapes, portraits, or even modern expressive artworks. Steven Stradley, the Visual Arts Academy mentor, has a bachelor's in art education from USU and is a Master in Fine Arts in Painting from MSU. His artwork has been featured in countless exhibitions throughout Utah and Michigan. The visual art academy provides a number of classes including an Art History course designed to provide a complete overview of all visual arts through history. Painting Technique is an emphasis class on painting mainly the use of color and other process' including opaque painting. 3D Art & Sculpture is a one year course designated to introduce students on the skill of creating three-dimensional works of art. Fashion and Interior Design is a one year class that focuses on the development of knowledge of fashion design, interior design, color themes, and portfolio creation. Aimee Bonham is the other visual art instructor at Tuacahn. A Bachelor in Fine Arts from BYU Aimee's abstract works have been featured in countless exhibitions and her street paintings have been featured worldwide. She teacahes all but one of the drawing courses at Tuacahn. Drawing I and Drawing II provide a means to develop to an advanced level of creativity, technique and originality.
To graduate from the Visual Arts Academy, students must complete the following courses, Drawing I, Painting Technique, Art History, Fashion and Interior Design, and two additional elective courses.

</doc>
<doc id="21609821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609821" title="Arthur Walker Richardson">
Arthur Walker Richardson

Arthur Walker Richardson (4 March 1907 – 29 July 1983) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1928 and 1936. He captained the Derbyshire team between 1931 and 1936, concluding with Derbyshire's first victory in the County Championship table.
Richardson was born at Quarndon, Derbyshire. He was educated at Winchester College and in a match against Harrow School scored 117 for the Winchester XI in a partnership of 295. At the start of the 1928 season he made his debut for Derbyshire against the West Indies. In his first three seasons he managed a highest score of 70 and his best seasonal average was 25. He became Derbyshire captain in the 1931 season and led his team to 7th in the points table. In the 1932 season he scored 1,258 runs with an average of 29.95 and made his highest score of 90 against Nottinghamshire, although the team fell back to 10th in the Championship. He led the team progressively up to sixth in the 1933 season, third in the 1934 season, and second in the 1935 season with 16 wins. In the 1936 season the club won the County Championship winning 13 matches. He was supported by batsmen Stan Worthington, Leslie Townsend, Denis Smith and Albert Alderman each of whom scored over a thousand runs and several centuries. Bill Copson, Thomas Mitchell, Alf Pope and Leslie Townsend accounted for most of the wickets taken. Richardson finished his cricket career at the end of the 1936 season. Wisden stated that he achieved much by his own enthusiasm and warm personality.
Richardson was a right-handed middle order batsman and played 239 innings in 159 matches with an average of 19.05 and a top score of 90. As a batsman, he was considered rather ungainly but solid and he scored mainly on the leg. As a fielder he was a good mid-off. He only bowled 34 balls in his first class career taking no wickets.
Richardson died at Ednaston, Derbyshire at the age of 76. His son William Richardson and grandson Alastair Richardson also played for Derbyshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21609822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609822" title="Jestoni Alarcon">
Jestoni Alarcon

Jesus Antonio Pineda Alarcon (born May 29, 1964), better known by his stage name Jestoni Alarcon, is a Filipino actor and politician. He was once an Antipolo City Councilor & the vice governor of Rizal Province.

</doc>
<doc id="21609858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609858" title="St. Joseph Cemetery (Manchester, New Hampshire)">
St. Joseph Cemetery (Manchester, New Hampshire)

Saint Joseph Cemetery is a Corporal Work of Mercy of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Manchester, New Hampshire. It is administered in his name by the pastor and people of the Cathedral of St. Joseph, Manchester. Situated on on two sites, the older in Manchester and the newer in Bedford, New Hampshire, it has served the Catholic families of Manchester for over 160 years. 
Early years.
The first recorded burial in what is now Saint Joseph Cemetery was that of Bartholomeu Quinn, who died July 2, 1848. Father William McDonald, Manchester’s first permanently assigned Catholic priest, acquired land on a hillside overlooking the city’s West Side, more than two miles (3 km) from downtown when Mr. Quinn’s death made the establishment of a Catholic cemetery a necessity.
For more than twenty years, Father McDonald administered the cemetery from his rectory office at Saint Anne’s Church. The only known references in print, however, refer to it simply as “the Catholic cemetery in ‘Squog.” “‘Squog” is the nickname given to a broad expanse of land on the banks of the Piscataquog River near its confluence with the Merrimack River, all on Manchester’s West Side.
By 1869, the Catholic population had grown too large for just one parish. Bishop James Augustine Healy of Portland, Maine, to whose diocese Manchester still belonged, sent Father John O’Brien to assist Father McDonald by establishing a new parish, this one dedicated to Saint Joseph. Father O’Brien was succeeded by Father Denis Mary Bradley, who would go on to become New Hampshire’s first Catholic bishop. Under his pastorate, control of the cemetery was ceded to Saint Joseph parish. The cemetery has borne Saint Joseph’s name ever since.
The American Civil War.
The death register for the years 1848 to 1885 has had to be recreated from external sources, such as gravestone markings and newspaper obituaries. The original records, if they still exist, could be stored, unrecognized, in any number of church or civic archives. The Old Cemetery has dozens of low-rising government stones bearing the inscription “GAR”, for “Grand Army of the Republic.” Many of these Civil War veterans were among the founders of the Sheridan Guards, a local veterans’ organization that in 1910 donated the outdoor altar on which Mass is offered each year on Memorial Day.
Religious communities.
Shortly after the first Catholic immigrants arrived, pioneering religious men and women followed to found the institutions that would educate, heal, and pray for the new immigrants in the city’s first Catholic schools, hospitals and monasteries. To that end, three communities established their own burial grounds within Saint Joseph Cemetery: The Sisters of Mercy, the Sisters Adorers of the Precious Blood, and the Brothers of the Christian Schools.
The foundress of the Sisters of Mercy in the United States, Mother Frances Warde, is among those buried here. Her grave has become a place of pilgrimage both for the Sisters of Mercy and for those whom they have educated as the order marks its 150th year in America in 2008.
Consecration.
In 1884, Pope Leo XIII issued the decree separating the parishes in the state of New Hampshire from the Diocese of Portland, Maine, and naming Father Denis Mary Bradley, the pastor of Saint Joseph Church, as the first bishop of the new Diocese of Manchester. Saint Joseph Church became the cathedral. Attachment to the cathedral parish brought new prominence to Saint Joseph Cemetery. Many of Manchester’s Catholics, now greater in number and better established economically, began to erect larger and more ornate memorials. The first above-ground family tombs date to this period.
The records indicate that Bishop Bradley took a special interest in the development of the cemetery. He made personal inspections, dubbed “Episcopal Visitations”, in 1885 and 1888. In 1889, he had the first committal chapel erected on the grounds just inside the Main Gate on the north side of Donald Street. For the preceding forty-one years, the prayers for the dead were offered at graveside, rain or shine. Finally, on December 1, 1889, Saint Joseph Cemetery was formally consecrated according to the centuries-old rite of the Catholic Church. A description of the rites to be performed appeared in the "Manchester Union" on November 25, 1889:
“On the day before a cemetery is blessed or consecrated, five crosses are erected in it, a large one in the center and a smaller one in each corner. In front of each of these five crosses a wooden stand or candle holder is placed, capable of holding three candles. These lifeless wooden stands, resembling the dryness of fleshless bones, represent man in his grave. They were set up yesterday, for yesterday is a figure of fleeting time; and in every corner of the cemetery, to remind us that the empire of death is spread all over the earth. The three candles, not yet lighted, represent the imperishable germ of life placed in our bodies by the three persons of the blessed Trinity. Soon at the direction of the bishop these candles will be lighted, and I give you the mysterious signification of the light. The cross in the center of the field is higher than the others, and represents our Lord Jesus Christ, who, having vanquished death, has become for us the resurrection and life. He, the first born among the dead, casting his protecting and saving shadow over his sleeping brethren. From their places in the four extremities of the field the four smaller crosses proclaim that the life-giving God of Calvary has flowed to the four quarters of the glob, to bring life on the day of resurrection to all men, no matter in what age or clime they may have died. It is therefore a beautiful custom, not to be omitted, to adorn the grave of every one dying in the Catholic faith, with the consoling sign sign of the redemption. Even the most costly and elaborate monument, if lacking this sign, can in no wise be compared with the ornament which a simple wooden cross affords to the resting place of the Christian.”
Expansion.
New lots in the Old Cemetery have not been laid out or sold since 1954. Even before the First World War, it was clear that space was running out. To accommodate the growth of the Catholic population and in order to minister to its need for a place to bury its dead, Bishop George Albert Guertin acquired an additional in the town of Bedford, a half-mile west of the Old Cemetery. His timing was prophetic.
The Spanish Influenza, the flu epidemic that followed America’s soldiers home from the trenches of France and Belgium, took so many lives that there was no time for most families to plan for and acquire lots. The dead were numbered and buried in rows in large common graves. The practice of funeral Masses for the dead was suspended to allow for swifter burial, and committals, called “Dispensations”, took place right at graveside. The first several sections of the New Cemetery filled quickly as a result. 
Modernization.
In 1946, Monsignor Edward A. Clark, the longest-serving rector of the cathedral, entered into discussion with Ray F. Wyrick, at that time the country’s only professional cemetery landscape engineer, concerning the tired appearance of the Old Cemetery and the need to expand the New. Wyrick suggested several sweeping changes which, once they were adopted, made Saint Joseph Cemetery a regional model. 
The cemetery’s roads had all been designed for access by horse and carriage. Wyrick was among the first to see the need for wider roads with expansive curves that could be successfully rounded by motor vehicles with a wider turning radius. His influence in this matter can be seen in sections 2, 3 4, and 8 and in the Memorial Garden bearing Monsignor Clark’s name.
Wyrick also foresaw the need to end individual and annual care plans. A cemetery’s success in maintaining its beauty depends on its ability to sell lots. Beauty is hard to maintain if fewer than 30% of all lots are under Perpetual Care contracts. Family lots of the 19th century were often left untended for months or years at a time. At his suggestion, Saint Joseph Cemetery made Perpetual Care a requirement in 1954. At this time, it also ended the practice of walling or fencing individual lots to allow for mechanized mowing.
Influential figures.
Throughout its history, Saint Joseph Cemetery has had surprisingly few directors and superintendents. For 70 of the 78 years since 1930, administration of the office and grounds changed hands only three times. The longest serving directors were Richard Hammond, George Francis and Elizabeth Merritt. Francis and Merritt were both influential leaders in the New England Cemetery Association and left their stamp on the advanced design, horticultural variety and carefully maintained condition of the cemetery. 
The pastors of the cathedral and the bishops of Manchester have also taken great care to make the cemetery both a place of reverent remembrance and civic pride. Since no one parish in the area has its own cemetery, the clergy and the people of the cathedral have been, in essence, a board of trustees acting on behalf of all the Catholic faithful whose loved ones are interred here, and they have taken this responsibility seriously. 
They have had the help of special patrons as well, such as Helen Shaw, who in 1983 donated the funds necessary to erect a new and more comfortable committal chapel in the new cemetery to replace the one erected in 1889. Bishops Ernest Primeau and Leo O’Neil and a half dozen of their brother priests are buried on the grounds of this chapel, just to the south its main entry.
While the renovation of the cemetery was needed to accommodate the widespread use of motor vehicles, the changes were not without controversy. Gravestones, grave boundaries and remains were removed, changed, and altered. The granite markers were piled in a northeast corner of the property during paving. Some markers were re-installed, some continue to be used as landscaping stones. Others were destroyed. In fact, markers for the "Callahan" family plot can be seem lining the road near Boynton Street on Hazen Road. It is a continued source of ill will between parishioners and the church.
Saint Joseph Cemetery today.
In 2006, Father Joseph Cooper, pastor of the cathedral, appointed lifetime parishioner John Kelly to succeed Elizabeth Merritt as Director of the Cemetery. At the same time he appointed professional cemetery landscaper Keith Racine as Grounds Superintendent. In the two years since their appointment, they have overseen the renovation of the buildings and equipment and the expansion of the cemetery’s services to allow for greater income and greater potential investment. 

</doc>
<doc id="21609862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609862" title="Lodge School">
Lodge School

Lodge School may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21609872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609872" title="Travels with My Aunt (disambiguation)">
Travels with My Aunt (disambiguation)

Travels with My Aunt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609881" title="Ancient Order of United Workmen">
Ancient Order of United Workmen

The Ancient Order of United Workmen was a fraternal organization in the United States and Canada, providing mutual social and financial support after the US Civil War. It was the first of the "fraternal benefit societies", organizations that would offer insurance as well as sickness, accident, death and burial policies.
History.
The order began when John Jordan Upchurch, a mechanic on the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad living in Meadville, Pennsylvania became dissatisfied with a grew {crew?} he had joined, the League of Friendship, Mechanical Order of the Sun. The latter society had established a lodge, called a subordinate League, in Meadville on April 20, 1868 and it membership was composed almost entirely of mechanics, engineers, firemen and day labors working on the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad and in the local shops. Upchurch joined the local lodge on June 16, its eighth meeting, and soon rose to become its presiding officer. Another person who would go on to have an important role in the AOUW, William W. Walker, was a charter member. The League of Friendship, Mechanical Order of the Suns avowed purpose was to advance and foster the interests of its members and provide financial assistance on an "ad hoc" basis. The local lodge was reported to have had a peak membership of about one hundred. Dissension began, apparently, over accusations of improper conduct on part of the Grand Council, the governing body of the League. After the Grand Council ordered a tax from the Meadville League that members thought was inappropriate, many members left. On October 27, 1868 the subordinate League decided to disband.
Upchurch's original idea was to have an order which would unite the conflicting interests of capital and labor, but it soon became more interested in ameliorating working conditions for its members and establishing an insurance fund. The later became the prime focus after October 6, 1869, when the Provisional Grand Lodge accepted an amendment to the charter suggested by Upchurch to reorganize the insurance fund. Previously the Order would simply pay out $500 on the death of a member to his legal heirs. Upchurch's reform instead required each new member to pay a $1 initiation fee to the insurance fund and granted a $2,000 death benefit. When a member died, the fund would be replenished by a new $1 on each member. Those refusing to pay the assessment, and subordinate lodges which failed to forward the money to an insurance fund within a month were ejected from the order. This system came to be called the post mortem plar or the assessment as needed plan.
Providing insurance for workingmen was a novel idea in the late 1860s. Previously, insurance was usually limited to businessmen and manufacturers. Numerous bankruptcies of commercial life insurance firms and religious objects had also hindered the development of insurance. The AOUW was convinced that their fraternal structure and less expensive overhead costs made them more likely to succeed than commercial life insurance firms.
The organization prospered and by 1885 the Order was the largest fraternal benefit group in the United States. by this point many other groups had imitated the fraternal insurance concept. In 1886 the AOUW took the initiative in calling sixteen of these groups together for a conference to discuss their common issues. The result was the National Fraternal Congress, a group that still exists today as the National Fraternal Congress of America.
The Supreme Lodge structure was abolished in 1929, replaced by a congress. In 1952 the AOUW dissolved and each state affiliate was left to decide its fate. In Massachusetts the state society merged into the New England Order of Protection. In North Dakota the affiliate became the Pioneer Mutual Life Insurance Company, while in Texas the group simply went into receivership. Only the affiliate in Washington state kept the Order active and under its original name. In 1979 the Washington based Order had 3,000 members, published a "AOUW Emblem" and met in a "supreme lodge" biennially.
Membership was originally restricted to whites, but this was rescinded at some point. The religious aspects of the Orders ritual was removed in 1932.
Upchurch was a freemason, and incorporated various traditions of freemasonry including local "lodges" (branches), regalia and initiation ceremonies.
The Ancient Order of United Workmen evolved into the Pioneer Mutual Life Insurance Company, which was taken over by American United Life Insurance Company and is now part of OneAmerica.
The AOUW also had lodges in Canada. The assets and operations of the Ancient Order of United Workmen of Ontario were acquired by the Independent Order of Foresters in 1926.
Auxiliaries and side degrees.
A female auxiliary, the Degree of Honor, was created at the 1873 convention in Cincinnati. This group created its own Superior Lodge in 1896 and became independent of the AOUW in 1910.
There was also a "fun" or side degree called the Order of Mogullians.
Buildings.
Notable buildings of the Ancient Order of United Workmen include:

</doc>
<doc id="21609886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609886" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Holmes County, Ohio">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Holmes County, Ohio

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Holmes County, Ohio.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Holmes County, Ohio, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 16 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. 

</doc>
<doc id="21609890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609890" title="Labour Party (South Africa, 1969)">
Labour Party (South Africa, 1969)

The Labour Party was a South African political party founded in 1969 and led for many years by Revd Allan Hendrickse. Although avowedly opposed to apartheid, it participated in the Coloured Persons Representative Council. It opposed the guerrilla struggle of Umkhonto we Sizwe and the call for international sanctions against South Africa. The party later dominated the House of Representatives in the Tricameral Parliament from its foundation in 1984 until 1992, winning 76 of the 80 seats in the 1984 elections and 69 in those of 1989. When the National Party of F. W. de Klerk decided to admit non-White members, however, a substantial number of members of the House of Representatives who had been members of Labour crossed the floor to join the Nationalists. In 1992, a group of 36 such former Labour members led by Jac Rabie engineered a vote of no confidence in Hendrickse's Labour government. Losing influence at the polls, Hendrickse concluded that the Labour Party had fulfilled its uses, and the party was disbanded in 1994, with Hendrickse and his followers joining the African National Congress.
The name of the New Labour Party of Peter Marais was meant to evoke Hendrickse's Labour Party. It is not to be confused with the earlier South African Labour Party, which had represented White industrial workers.

</doc>
<doc id="21609904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609904" title="Nodo">
Nodo

Nodo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21609909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609909" title="School Food">
School Food

School Food is the third album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="21609939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609939" title="Department Store (film)">
Department Store (film)

Department Store is a 1935 British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Geraldine Fitzgerald, Eve Gray, Garry Marsh and Sebastian Shaw. It is also known by the alternative title Bargain Basement.
Production.
The film was a quota quickie produced at Twickenham Studios by Julius Hagen for distribution by RKO.

</doc>
<doc id="21609950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609950" title="1949 Italian Grand Prix">
1949 Italian Grand Prix

The 1949 Italian Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Monza on 11 September 1949. The race was won by Alberto Ascari.

</doc>
<doc id="21609958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609958" title="Austria–Israel relations">
Austria–Israel relations

Austria–Israel relations refers to the bilateral foreign relations between Austria and Israel.
History.
Austria recognized Israel on March 5, 1949. Austria has an embassy in Tel Aviv and 3 honorary consulates (in Eilat, Haifa and Jerusalem). Israel has an embassy in Vienna. Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean. The Austrian Foreign Ministry lists the bilateral treaties with Israel (in German only).
In 2000, after Joerg Haider's right-wing Freedom Party joined the coalition government, Israel recalled its ambassador. After talks in Jerusalem with the Austrian foreign minister, Benita Ferrero-Waldner in 2003, relations were restored.

</doc>
<doc id="21609991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609991" title="Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar">
Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar

Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar (VRN) is a public transport network covering parts of the German states of Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Hesse in south-west Germany. Founded in 1989, it initially served the Rhein Neckar Area, but has since grown beyond its borders to cover an oblong area of 10,000 km2 with a population of 3 million, including Mannheim and Ludwigshafen, Heidelberg, Kaiserslautern, the entire Palatinate Forest and the northernmost parts of Baden-Württemberg. VRN tickets can also be used for journeys to and from several neighbouring areas, including the French town of Wissembourg.
VRN is owned by the three states, cities and rural districts whose area it serves. The public transport companies that operate the network are organized in a second company, "Unternehmensgesellschaft Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar GmbH" (URN). URN member DB Regio operates standard gauge rail transport in the area; other URN members operate buses and trams. This includes the largest German metre gauge rail network, which connects Bad Dürkheim, Mannheim, Ludwigshafen, Heidelberg and Weinheim.

</doc>
<doc id="21609994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21609994" title="BNS Turag">
BNS Turag

BNS "TURAG" is an Island Class Offshore patrol vessel of the Bangladeshi Navy. She was built as Royal Navy Offshore Patrol Vessel, HMS "Lindisfarne" (P300).
History.
Built by Hall, Russell & Company, she was modelled on the ocean-going trawlers FPV "Jura" (1973) and FPV "Westra" (1974). She was launched as HMS "Lindisfarne" (P300) on 1 June 1977.
She and HMS "Guernsey" were the last of their class to be sold to the Bangladesh Navy, on 29 January 2004, to protect the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in Bay of Bengal.
Career.
The class of patrol boats was built to enforce a fishing zone around the UK, netting hundreds of thousands of pounds in fines. During patrols, they were also available for search and rescue. "Lindisfarne" assisted after the Norwegian Aleksander Kielland oil rig capsized. 
The "TURAG" is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL). About 100 personnel serve at "TURAG", which is categorized as Offshore Patrol Vessel in the Bangladesh Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="21610002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610002" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Geauga County, Ohio">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Geauga County, Ohio

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Geauga County, Ohio.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Geauga County, Ohio, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 18 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21610003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610003" title="Alfred S. Gage">
Alfred S. Gage

Alfred Stevens Gage (February 6, 1860– June 23, 1928) was an American rancher and businessman who founded the A. S. Gage Ranch in west Texas. At its greatest extent his ranch extended over 500,000 acres.

</doc>
<doc id="21610008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610008" title="Bizmark">
Bizmark

Bizmark is the second album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="21610012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610012" title="The Alexandra School">
The Alexandra School

The Alexandra School, affectionately known as the "Beacon of the North", is a secondary school in Speightstown, in the Saint Peter district of the Caribbean island of Barbados. 
In 2009, the school placed its first student into the USA Campus of the United World Colleges. Dereck Alleyne was placed into the United World College-USA "(Montezuma.

</doc>
<doc id="21610013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610013" title="Finland–Israel relations">
Finland–Israel relations

Israel-Finland relations are diplomatic, commercial and cultural ties between Finland and Israel. Finland maintains an embassy in Tel Aviv and Israel maintains an embassy in Helsinki. Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean.
History.
Bilateral relations between Finland and Israel was laid before the establishment of the State of Israel. Finnish President Paasikivi announced de facto recognition of Israel on 11 June 1948, a month after Israel's declaration of independence. Finland officially recognized the State of Israel on March 18, 1949 and diplomatic relations were established on November 14, 1950. Finland opened its embassy in Tel Aviv in 1952 and Israel opened its embassy in Helsinki in 1956.
The first Finnish diplomatic representative to Israel was Toivo Kala, who presented his letter of accreditation to Foreign Minister Moshe Sharett. Sharett told Kala that he admired Finland's readiness to defend its rights and its efforts to rebuild after the war.
Today, Finland and Israel have strong cultural and scientific ties, and some 10,000 Finns visit Israel every year.
Economic relations.
In 2005, Finnish exports to Israel totaled 155.24 million euros and imports from Israel to Finland totaled 95.96 million euros. Israel imports Finnish machinery, telecommunications equipment, wood, paper products and chemical industry products. Israel's leading exports to Finland are telecommunications equipment and machinery, and Israeli fruits and vegetables.
In 2004, a joint Finland-Israel Technology (FIT) cooperation program was created for research and development projects in the field of ICT. The Office of the Chief Scientist in Israel and Tekes, the Finnish Funding Agency for Research and Innovation, allocated five million euros each for the funding of projects.
The Finland Israel Trade association serves as an intermediary between Finnish and Israeli companies in order to create new business contacts. It helps to organize business missions to Israel and hosts business missions from Israel.
Cultural ties.
In 2006, an exhibition on the history of Finland's Jews from the 1830s to the 1970s opened at Beth Hatefutsoth in Tel Aviv.
Military ties.
In January 2014, Finland's defense forces ordered nearly $50 million worth of multi-spectral camouflage technology produced by Israel's Fibrotex corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="21610031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610031" title="FC Dinamo Gagra">
FC Dinamo Gagra

FC Dinamo Gagra was a Soviet football club based in Gagra, Abkhaz ASSR. Likes FC Dinamo Sukhumi, the club did not joined Georgian league system, and played at Soviet Second League B until 1991. A new club Siharuli-90 Gagra was formed to represent pro-Georgia side.
After the War in Abkhazia, FC Gagra was formed to play in Abkhazia own football league.

</doc>
<doc id="21610034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610034" title="Israel–Philippines relations">
Israel–Philippines relations

The Israel–Philippines relations refers to the bilateral ties between the State of Israel and the Republic of the Philippines.
Full diplomatic relations between the two countries were realized upon the signing of the Treaty of Friendship on Feb 26, 1958. The Israeli embassy in Manila and the Filipino embassy in Tel Aviv opened in 1962.
History.
The Philippines voted in favor of UN Resolution 181 concerning the partition of Palestine and the Creation of the State of Israel in 1947. The Philippines was among the 33 countries who supported the creation of Israel and the only Asian country who voted for the resolution. Israel and the Philippines established full diplomatic relationships in 1957. Embassies were opened in Tel-Aviv and Manila in 1962. In 1997, the two countries signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) institutionalizing the bilateral political dialogue between the respective foreign ministries. The political dialog is accompanied by cooperation in trade and economy, culture, technical assistance, science, academic exchanges, tourism etc.
On November 28, 2007, the Knesset honored the thirty three countries which supported the UN Resolution 181 in celebration of 60th Anniversary of the State of Israel. The UN resolution, which marked January 27, as a yearly commemorative to honor the Holocaust's victims, was co-sponsored by the Philippines. In October 2012, Vice President Jejomar Binay embarked on a five-day visit to Israel during which he met with President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem.
At 2014, DFA Philippines Secretary Alberto del Rosario visited Israel for cooperation in Agriculture.
Economic relations.
Trade between Israel and the Philippines continues to grow but remains insignificant compared to Israel's trade industry between Europe and the Americas. Israel remains to exports to the Philippines remains to be higher compared to the Philippine's export to Israel. Israeli exports amounts to $ 248,448,918 while Filipino exports amounts to $ 33,929,631 in 2007. Electronics is the number one export of Israel to the Philippines which is also the number one export of the Philippines to Israel.
In 2004, there were 37,155–50,000 Filipino workers in Israel.
Cultural relations.
In 2007, Sister Grace Galindez-Gupana, a Philippine businesswoman and supporter of Israel, financed the installation of a giant Israeli flag to honor 50 years of friendly relations between Israel and the Philippines.
The Philippine Fair is an annual event in Haifa. In July 2013, the 2-day fair opened at the Castra mall, organized by the Philippine Embassy in Tel Aviv and the Municipality of Haifa. The fair features booths selling Filipino handicrafts and food, as well as a cultural program showcasing traditional Filipino music and dance. A photography exhibition, “Yesterday and Today: A Look at Philippines-Israel Relations through the Years," opened at the mall. Some of the images date to the Philippines’ “Open Door Policy" in the 1930s, when more than 1,200 European Jews fleeing the Holocaust were given a safe haven in the Philippines.
Military ties.
At June of 2013, the Philippines have interest to purchase the SPYDER Surface-to-Air Missile according to DND Secretary Voltaire Gazmin. The fate of the deal is still unknown but it might be already signed and deployed.
In January 2014, the Filipino military agreed to purchase 28 Israeli armored vehicles.
The Philippines is known to use a variety of Israeli weapons such as Israeli firearms like Galil and TAR-21. Also included is the artillery.

</doc>
<doc id="21610038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610038" title="Novi Grad">
Novi Grad

Novi Grad may refer to:
In Bosnia and Herzegovina:
In Croatia:
In Serbia:
In Slovenia:

</doc>
<doc id="21610057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610057" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Morrow County, Ohio">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morrow County, Ohio

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Morrow County, Ohio.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Morrow County, Ohio, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 15 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21610063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610063" title="1950 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1950 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1950 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1950 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 56th overall and 17th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Harold Drew, in his fourth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of nine wins and two losses (9–2 overall, 6–2 in the SEC).
Alabama opened the season with victories over and Tulane before they lost their first game of the season against Vanderbilt at Ladd Stadium. The Crimson Tide rebounded the next week with a win over at Denny Stadium, but lost against Tennessee at Shields-Watkins Field in week five. Alabama ten went onto win their final six games over , Georgia, , , Florida and Auburn. Although they finished ranked in the top 20 of both major polls, the Crimson Tide did not receive a bid to play in a bowl game at the conclusion of the season.
Game notes.
Chattanooga.
To open the 1950 season, Alabama shutout the Chattanooga Moccasins 27–0 at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama recovered a Mocs fumble at their 14-yard line early in the second. On the next play, Ed Salem scored on a 14-yard run for a 7–0 Crimson Tide lead. Alabama then extended their lead to 14–0 by halftime when Salem connected with Larry Chiodetti on a 25-yard touchdown reception. In the third, Salem threw his second touchdown pass of the game to Al Lary from 53-yards out for a 20–0 lead. Bobby Wilson then closed the scoring late in the fourth quarter with his one-yard touchdown run to make the final score 27–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Chattanooga to 5–0.
Tulane.
To open conference play for the 1950 season, Alabama traveled to New Orleans and defeated Tulane 26–14 to end a three-game losing streak against the Green Wave. After a six-yard Ed Salem touchdown run gave Alabama a 6–0 lead in the first quarter, Al Lary was responsible for the final three Crimson Tide touchdown receptions. After a 26-yard reception from Salem in the second, Lary had touchdown receptions of six-yards from Butch Avinger and 41-yards from Salem in the third to give Alabama a 26–0 lead. Tulane responded with a pair of touchdowns on runs of five-yards by George Kinek and seven-yards by Alvis Batson to make the final score 26–14. The win improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 16–7–1.
Vanderbilt.
At Ladd Stadium, the Crimson Tide lost their first game of the season by a final score of 27–22 to the Vanderbilt Commodores. Vandy took a 14–0 first quarter lead on a pair of Bill Wade touchdown passes. The first was an 85-yard pass to Ernest Curtis and the second a 15-yard pass to Sylbert Cook. The Crimson Tide responded with a 15-yard Ed Salem touchdown run to make the score at the end of the first 14–7. In the second quarter, the Commodores scored on a one-yard Mac Robinson touchdown run and Alabama scored on a 17-yard Butch Avinger touchdown pass to Al Lary to make the halftime score 21–13 in favor of Vanderbilt. The Commodores scored their final points on a 21-yard Wade pass to Curtis in the third before the Crimson Tide scored nine fourth quarter points to make the final score 27–22. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 16–13–1.
Furman.
In what was the first Denny Stadium game of the 1946 season, Alabama defeated the Furman Purple Hurricane 34–6 before a crowd of 12,000 on a Friday night. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide took a 14–0 halftime lead after touchdown runs of 52-yards by Butch Avinger and 21-yards by Ed Salem in the second quarter. After Alabama extended their lead to 21–0 on a four-yard Salem run, Furman scored their only points of the game on a three-yard Tommy Williams run to make the score at the end of the third quarter 21–6. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns first on a seven-yard Jim Burkett run and then on a 42-yard Clell Hobson pass to Al Lary to make the final score 34–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Furman to 3–0.
Tennessee.
Alabama lost 14–9 to the rival Tennessee Volunteers before 50,000 fans at Shields-Watkins Field in Knoxville. Harold Lutz gave the Crimson Tide a 3–0 first quarter lead with his 20-yard field goal, Alabama's first of the season. Tennessee responded with a two-yard Andy Kozar touchdown run in the second quarter to give the Vols a 7–3 halftime lead. After a 43-yard Bobby Marlow touchdown run in the third gave Alabama a 9–7 lead, Kozar scored the game winning touchdown on a fourth-and-one play, from the Alabama one-yard line, with less than one minute remaining in the game for the 14–9 Tennessee victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 17–11–4. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide defeated the Mississippi State Maroons 14–7 before the largest crowd to attend a game at Denny Stadium to date. As the teams entered the fourth quarter, the score remained scoreless. In the fourth, Alabama took a 14–0 lead on touchdown runs of three-yards by Jim Burkett and of 53-yards by James Melton. The Maroons then answered with their only touchdown of the game on a 20-yard Gil Verderver pass to Max Stainbrook and made the final score 14–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 26–7–2.
Georgia.
In Birmingham, Alabama defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 14–7 in cold and rainy conditions at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, Georgia took a 7–0 halftime lead when Lewis Brunson scored on a one-yard touchdown run. The Crimson Tide responded with a pair of second half touchdowns and won the game 14–7. Butch Avinger scored on a one-yard run in the third and Tom Calvin scored on a one-yard run in the fourth quarter. For the game, Ed Salem passed for 193 yards on 12 completions in the win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 18–15–3.
Mississippi Southern.
Against the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles the Crimson Tide won in a 53–0 shutout at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter for the third consecutive week, Alabama took a 21–0 halftime lead on three Al Lary touchdown receptions. The first two were thrown by Ed Salem from 10 and 51-yards with the third thrown by James Melton from 21-yards. The Crimson Tide aerial attack continued into the third quarter with another three passing touchdowns, in addition to one on an interception return, to make the score 47–0 by the fourth quarter. The first was thrown 13-yards from Butch Avinger to Ed Lary; the second was thrown from three-yards from Clell Hobson to George McCain; the third was thrown nine-yards from McCain to Ed Lary; and the fourth was scored when O. E. Phillips had a 29-yard interception return. The final points were then scored in the fourth quarter on a 10-yard McCain pass to Joe Curtis to make the final score 53–0. For the game, the Alabama quarterbacks collectively completed 21 of 26 passes for 283 yards. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 4–0.
Georgia Tech.
After Alabama scored 27 first quarter points, the Crimson Tide went on to defeat the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 54–19 at Grant Field in Atlanta. Bobby Marlow scored Alabama's first three touchdowns on a two-yard run, a 24-yard reception from Ed Salem and on a 91-yard run. Tom Calvin then scored the final touchdown of the quarter to give the Crimson Tide a 27–0 lead at the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, Marlow scored his fourth touchdown of the game on a 24-yard pass from Salem, and then Tech scored their first points on a 36-yard Robert North touchdown run to make the halftime score 34–6. After George McCain scored on a two-yard run in the third, each team closed the game in the fourth quarter with a pair of touchdowns. For the Crimson Tide, Dick Barry scored on a one-yard run and on a Salem touchdown pass. The Yellow Jackets scored on a 10-yard Joe Salome pass to Henry Ferris and on a one-yard James Patton run to make the final score 54–19. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 17–12–3.
Florida.
For the second year in a row in what was their final road game of the season, Alabama defeated the Florida Gators 41–13 in their first all-time trip to the Gator Bowl in Jacksonville. After Bobby Marlow scored on a one-yard run in the first, Ed Salem scored three second-quarter touchdowns on runs of six, eight and five-yards to give the Crimson Tide a 27–0 halftime lead. After Alabama extended their lead to 29–0 with a third quarter safety, each team scored a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns to make the final score 41–13. The Crimson Tide scored on a one-yard Butch Avinger run and on a five-yard Larry Chiodetti run; the Gators scored on a one-yard William McGowan run and on a 70-yard Haywood Sullivan pass to Dan Howell. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Florida to 8–3.
Auburn.
A year after they were upset by Auburn 14–13, Alabama scored touchdowns in all four quarters and shutout the Tigers 34–0 at Legion Field. Bobby Marlow scored the first three touchdowns for the Crimson Tide on a 26-yard reception from Ed Salem in the first, and on runs of seven and two yards in the second and third quarters. A 31-yard Larry Chiodetti run in the third and one-yard Jim Burkett run in the fourth quarter provided the final 34–0 margin. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 6–8–1.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610068" title="1951 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1951 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1951 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1951 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 57th overall and 18th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Harold Drew, in his fifth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham, Ladd Stadium in Mobile and at the Cramton Bowl in Montgomery, Alabama. They finished with a record of five wins and six losses (5–6 overall, 3–5 in the SEC).
The Crimson Tide opened the season with an 89–0 victory over , and the 89 points were the most scored by an Alabama team since the 1922 squad defeated Marion Military Institute 110–0. However, the Tide followed the victory up with a four-game losing streak that included losses against , Vanderbilt, and Tennessee. Alabama then evened its record at 4–4 with victories over , Georgia and , but then lost to and Florida to secure their first losing season since 1903. The Crimson Tide then closed the season with a 25–7 victory over Auburn.
The game against Delta State at Cramton Bowl in Montgomery marked the first year of a four-year period in which Alabama, which was already regularly playing games in Mobile and Birmingham as well as Tuscaloosa, began playing "home" games in four different cities.
Game notes.
Delta State.
To open the 1951 season, Alabama shutout the Delta State Statesmen 89–0 at the Cramton Bowl in the only all-time meeting between the schools. The Crimson Tide scored multiple touchdowns in all four quarters in what was the largest margin of victory for Alabama since a 110–0 win over the Marion Military Institute to open the 1922 season. In the first quarter, touchdowns were scored on a 30-yard Bobby Marlow run, a 27-yard James Melton run and an 11-yard Clell Hobson pass to Joe Curtis for a 21–0 lead. In the second quarter, touchdowns were scored on a 36-yard Larry Chiodetti run and a three-yard Joe Compton run for a 35–0 halftime lead. In the third quarter, touchdowns were scored on a 51-yard Marlow run, a 15-yard George McCain pass to Chiodetti, a one-yard Bobby Luna run and a 46-yard Luna pass to Thomas Tharp for a 63–0 lead. In the fourth quarter, touchdowns were scored on a 63-yard Tommy Lewis run, a 44-yard Luna run, an 11-yard Tharp run and a 19-yard Hobson run to make the final score 89–0. In total, the Crimson Tide outgained the Statesmen in total offense 553 to 163 yards.
LSU.
To open conference play for the 1951 season, Alabama was defeated by LSU 13–7 at Ladd Stadium in Mobile. After a scoreless first quarter, LSU took a 6–0 halftime lead when James Barton threw a 20-yard touchdown pass to Warren Virgets. The Crimson Tide responded to take a 7–6 lead in the third after Bobby Marlow scored on a one-yard touchdown run. However their lead was short lived as Leroy Labat scored the game-winning touchdown for the Tigers on an 18-yard run for the 13–7 victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 13–6–3.
Vanderbilt.
In what was their first road game of the season, the Crimson Tide lost to the Vanderbilt Commodores by a final score of 22–20 in Nashville. After Alabama took a 7–0 lead in the first quarter on a one-yard James Melton run, Vanderbilt took a 12–7 lead in the second quarter on a Richard Foster run and a four-yard Charles Wade pass to Ted Kirkland. The Crimson Tide responded with a one-yard Bobby Marlow touchdown run late in the second to take a 13–12 halftime lead. The Commodores rebounded in the third to retake the lead 22–13 after Foster scored on a 10-yard run and later kick a 46-yard field goal. A four-yard Marlow touchdown in the fourth made the final score 22–20 in favor of the Commodores. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 16–14–1.
Villanova.
On a Friday night in the first Tuscaloosa game of the season, Alabama was defeated by the Villanova Wildcats 41–18 at Denny Stadium in the only all-time meeting between the schools. After a scoreless first quarter, Villanova took a 21–0 lead into halftime with touchdowns scored on touchdown runs of eight-yards by Robert Haner, two-yards by Dick Bedesem and 38-yards by Benjamin Addiego. Alabama opened the third with their first points of the game on a two-yard Bobby Marlow touchdown run. However the Wildcats responded with a four-yard William Brannau touchdown pass to Joseph Rilo to make the score 28–6 as the teams entered the fourth quarter.
In the fourth, each team scored a pair of touchdowns and made the final score 41–18 in favor of the Wildcats. Alabama scored on a pair of long touchdown passes from Clell Hobson to George MacAfee from 75 and 67 yards and Villanova scored on touchdowns runs of one-yard by Bedesem and five-yards by Addiego. The loss marked the first time the Crimson Tide lost three consecutive games since the 1927 season, ended a 20-game winning streak at Denny Stadium and the 41-points allowed to the Wildcats were the most scored by an Alabama opponent since a 54–4 loss to Sewanee in 1907.
Tennessee.
Alabama lost 27–13 to the rival Tennessee Volunteers and it marked both their first loss to Tennessee at Legion Field since the 1940 season and the first four-game losing streak for the Crimson Tide since the 1910 season. Alabama took a 7–0 first quarter lead on a one-yard Bobby Marlow run only to see Tennessee tie the game 7–7 at halftime after Bert Rechichar scored on a 20-yard Hank Lauricella touchdown pass in the second quarter. The Volunteers then took a 14–7 lead in the third on a three-yard Dick Ernsberger run before they closed the game with a pair of touchdowns in the fourth. In the final period Tennessee touchdowns were scored by Lauricella on a 35-yard run and on a 20-yard Harold Payne pass to Vince Kaseta; the lone Alabama touchdown was scored on a second, one-yard Marlow run to make the final score 27–13.
Although the first Alabama game to be televised occurred in their matchup at Fordham in 1939, this game was broadcast on ABC and was the first Alabama game to be broadcast over network television. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 17–12–4. 
Mississippi State.
At Starkville, the Crimson Tide shutout the Mississippi State Maroons 7–0 to end their four-game losing streak at Scott Field. The only points of the game came in the second quarter when Clell Hobson threw a 39-yard touchdown pass to Larry Chiodetti for Alabama. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 27–7–2.
Georgia.
In their final road game of the season, Alabama defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 16–14 Sanford Stadium in Athens. After a scoreless first quarter, the Bulldogs took a 7–0 halftime lead after Conrad Manisera returned a punt 72-yards for a second-quarter touchdown. The Crimson Tide responded over the final two quarters with a pair of Clell Hobson touchdown passes to George McCain from 14 and 21-yards and a 21-yard Harold Lutz field goal for a 16–7 lead. Georgia then scored the final touchdown of the game late in the fourth on a two-yard Manisera run to make the final score 16–14. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 19–15–3.
Mississippi Southern.
After the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles took a 7–0 lead, the Crimson Tide responded with 40 unanswered points for the 40–7 victory at Denny Stadium. The lone Southern touchdown came early in the first quarter on a two-yard Granville Hart run for their brief 7–0 lead. Alabama responded with touchdowns on 58-yard Virgil Willis interception return and runs of 53 and five yards by George McCain for a 19–7 Crimson Tide lead at the end of the first quarter. They then closed the game with touchdowns on a four-yard Bobby Marlow run in the third and two-yard Thomas Tharp run and 21-yard Clell Hobson pass to Bobby Luna in the fourth quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 5–0.
Georgia Tech.
After Alabama held Georgia Tech to only six first half points, the Yellow Jackets scored three second half touchdowns en route to a 27–7 victory at Legion Field. The only first half points were scored on a 17-yard Elbert Crawford touchdown pass to Lambert Knox in the second quarter for a 6–0 halftime lead for Tech. The Yellow Jackets continued their scoring into the fourth quarter with touchdowns on a two-yard Windle Hardeman run and 21-yard Crawford pass to Jake Martin in the third and a 31-yard Crawford pass to Knox in the fourth for a 27–0 lead. The only Alabama points were scored late in the fourth on a one-yard Larry Chiodetti run to end the Tech shutout bid. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 17–13–3.
Florida.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, 17 unanswered points by Florida in the second half gave the Gators 30–21 win at Denny Stadium. The teams traded touchdowns in the first half to give Alabama a 21–13 halftime lead. Crimson Tide touchdowns were scored on a 10-yard Clell Hobson run, a 73-yard George McCain pass to Al Lary and a six-yard James Melton run; Gators touchdowns were scored on Buford Long touchdown runs of 10 and eight-yards. Florida then closed with game with a 45-yard Haywood Sullivan touchdown pass to James French and a 14-yard Richard Casares field goal in the third and a one-yard Sullivan touchdown run in the fourth for the 30–21 Gators victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Florida to 8–4.
Auburn.
For the third time in four years since the revival of the Auburn series, Alabama defeated the Tigers 25–7 at Legion Field. The Crimson Tide took a 13–0 halftime lead on touchdown runs of seven-yards by Bobby Marlow in the first and of three-yards by James Melton in the second. Third quarter Marlow touchdown runs of 39 and 22-yards gave Alabama a 25–0 lead before Auburn scored their only points on an eight-yard Homer Williams run in the fourth to make the final score 25–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 7–8–1.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610070" title="1952 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1952 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1952 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1952 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 58th overall and 19th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Harold Drew, in his sixth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham, Ladd Stadium in Mobile and at the Cramton Bowl in Montgomery, Alabama. They finished with a record of ten wins and two losses (10–2 overall, 4–2 in the SEC) and with a victory over in the Orange Bowl.
After a 5–6 campaign for the 1951 season, Alabama bounced back in 1952 to have its best season of the decade and finished 10–2. However, losses to Tennessee, for the fifth consecutive year without a victory, and Georgia Tech cost Alabama the SEC title. The Crimson Tide ended the season in its first bowl game in five years, against in the Orange Bowl. The 61–6 Alabama victory set a school record for most points scored in a bowl game and an Orange Bowl record for points scored until the 2012 Orange Bowl. The 55-point margin of victory stood as the all-time record for margin of victory in a bowl game through the 2008 GMAC Bowl.
Freshman quarterback Bart Starr, playing with the varsity, appeared in seven games as the backup to Clell Hobson. Starr went on to have a legendary Hall of Fame career as quarterback of the Green Bay Packers.
Game notes.
Mississippi Southern.
To open the 1952 season, Alabama defeated the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles 20–6 at the Cramton Bowl in a game where the Crimson Tide set a conference with their 12 fumbles. Clell Hobson scored the first touchdown for Alabama on his eight-yard run in the first quarter for a 7–0 lead. Southern responded in the second quarter with their lone points on a 13-yard Laurin Pepper touchdown run before the Crimson Tide made the halftime score 13–6 after a four-yard Bobby Luna run. Alabama then scored the final touchdown of the game in the third on a four-yard Bobby Marlow run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 6–0.
LSU.
To open conference play for the 1952 season, Alabama defeated LSU 21–20 at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge. After the Tigers took a 7–0 lead on a 16-yard Al Doggett touchdown pass to Ron Emberg, Bobby Luna scored on a pair of two-yard touchdown runs and gave the Crimson Tide a 14–7 halftime lead. LSU responded to take a 20–7 lead late in the fourth quarter after Doggett scored on a 38-yard run in the third and on a 20-yard Norman Stevens run early in the fourth quarter. Alabama then scored the game-winning touchdown on a 95-yard Bob Conway kickoff return for the 21–20 win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 14–6–3.
Miami.
On a Friday evening in Miami, Alabama defeated the Miami Hurricanes 21–7 at Burdine Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, Miami scored the first touchdown of the game on a one-yard Don James run and Alabama followed with a one-yard Bobby Marlow touchdown run to tie the game at halftime 7–7. In the second half, the Crimson Tide defense shut out the Hurricanes and the offense added a pair of touchdowns to win 21–7. The second-half touchdowns were scored on a second one-yard Marlow run in the third quarter and on a four-yard Thomas Tharp run in the fourth quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 3–0.
VPI.
Against the Fighting Gobblers of VPI (now known as the Virginia Tech Hokies), Alabama won 33–0 at Denny Field. Four first half touchdowns gave the Crimson Tide a 27–0 halftime lead that proved insurmountable for the Gobblers. Touchdown were scored in the first on a 10-yard Bobby Luna run and a three-yard Tommy Lewis run, and in the second on Thomas Tharp runs of 85 and 20-yards. With the reserves in place of the second half, the final touchdown of the game came in the fourth quarter when Bobby Duke threw a 14-yard strike to William Oliver and made the final score 33–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against VPI 3–0.
Tennessee.
Against their long-time rival, the Tennessee Volunteers, Alabama was shut out 20–0 at Shields-Watkins Field for their first loss of the season. The first Tennessee points were set up early in the first after Mack Franklin blocked a Bobby Wilson punt. Andy Kozar then gave the Vols a 6–0 lead with his two-yard run on the drive that ensued. Tennessee did not score again until the fourth quarter when Pat Shires threw a 10-yard touchdown pass to Frank Alexander and Jimmy Wade scored on a four-yard run for the 20–0 victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 17–13–4. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide scored touchdowns in all four quarters and defeated the Mississippi State Maroons 42–19 at Denny Stadium. Jackie Parker scored the first touchdown of the game for the Maroons with his one-yard touchdown run and Bobby Marlow responded with a nine-yard run to tie the game 7–7 at the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, Marlow scored touchdowns on a 56-yard run and on a 14-yard reception from Clell Hobson and gave Alabama a 21–7 halftime lead. In between Parker touchdown runs of two and six-yards for State, Thomas Tharp scored for the Tide on a 23-yard run and Alabama led 28–19 at the end of the third. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns on a 45-yard Hobson pass to Tharp and a four-yard Bob Conway run for the 42–19 win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 28–7–2.
Georgia.
At Legion Field, Alabama defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 34–19, and with the victory exceeded their win total from the previous season. After Bobby Marlow gave Alabama a 7–0 first quarter lead, the Bulldogs responded with a 12-yard Zeke Bratkowski touchdown pass to Robert Dellinger in the first and on a one-yard Robert Clemens run for a 12–7 second quarter lead. Clell Hobson then scored on a four-yard run to give the Crimson Tide a 14–12 halftime lead. Alabama then scored on a pair of Thomas Tharp touchdown runs of 13 and 19-yards and a Bob Conway run of one-yard for a 34–12 lead late in the fourth quarter. A nine-yard James Harper run for Georgia late in the fourth provided for the final 34–19 winning margin for the Crimson Tide. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 20–15–3.
Chattanooga.
After going down 7–0, Alabama responded with 42 consecutive points and defeated the Chattanooga Moccasins 42–28 at Denny Stadium. Hal Ledyard scored for the Mocs on a three-yard run in the first quarter to give Chattanooga their only lead at 7–0. Alabama responded with touchdown runs of seven-yards by Bobby Marlow and 56 and six-yards by Thomas Tharp in the second for a 21–7 halftime lead. The Crimson Tide then scored another three touchdowns in the third quarter on a 60-yard Hootie Ingram interception return, a one-yard Bob Conway run and a two-yard Bobby Luna run for a 42–7 lead at the end of the third quarter. With the game in hand, the Alabama reserves did surrender three fourth-quarter touchdowns to the Mocs in a span of just over four minutes to make the final score 42–28. Chattanooga touchdowns in the quarter were scored on a 15-yard Ledyard pass to Fremo Ross, a 64-yard Ledyard pass to Jack Stanford and on a one-yard Buck Stamps run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Chattanooga to 6–0.
Georgia Tech.
In what was the ABC televised game of the week, Alabama lost to the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 7–3 at Grant Field in Atlanta. After a 25-yard Bobby Luna field goal gave the Crimson Tide a 3–0 first quarter lead, a nine-yard Dick Pretz touchdown run in the second quarter proved to be the game-winner for Tech. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 17–14–3.
Maryland.
In the first all-time meeting between the schools, Alabama upset the Maryland Terrapins 27–7 at Ladd Stadium in Mobile. The Crimson Tide scored touchdowns in all four quarters. They were scored in the first half on an 11-yard Bobby Luna pass to Bart Starr in the first quarter and on a one-yard Tommy Lewis run in the second for a 13–0 halftime lead for Alabama. After a 25-yard Jack Scarbath touchdown pass to Lou Weidensaul early in the third cut the Crimson Tide lead to 13–7, Alabama scored two more touchdowns to put the game away. The first came in the third quarter on a one-yard Bobby Marlow run and the second on a 22-yard Hootie Ingram interception return late in the fourth to make the final score 27–7.
Auburn.
For the fourth time in five years since the revival of the Auburn series, Alabama shutout the Tigers 21–0 at Legion Field. The Crimson Tide took a 14–0 lead in the first quarter on touchdown runs of 13 and eight-yards by Tommy Lewis. Bobby Luna then scored the final touchdown in the second quarter on a four-yard run for the 21–0 victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 8–8–1.
Syracuse.
In what was the first bowl game that the Crimson Tide competed in since the 1948 Sugar Bowl, Alabama dominated the Syracuse Orangemen 61–6, and the 55-point margin of victory remained the largest for a bowl game until the 2008 GMAC Bowl. In the first quarter, Alabama scored on a 27-yard touchdown pass from Clell Hobson to Bobby Luna to take a 7–0 lead. Syracuse responded on the following possession with their lone touchdown of the game on a 15-yard Joe Szombathy touchdown run to make the score 7–6. From this point, the Orangemen did not score again and the Crimson Tide dominated with 54 unanswered points. Alabama extended their lead to 21–6 at halftime on a one-yard Bobby Marlow touchdown run and a 50-yard Thomas Tharp reception from Hobson. In the third quarter, the Crimson Tide scored three more touchdowns on a 38-yard Bobby Luna run and on Tommy Lewis runs of one and 30-yards. With a 41–6 lead at the end of the third, Alabama scored another three touchdowns in the fourth quarter on a 21-yard Joe Cummings reception from Bart Starr, an 80-yard Hootie Ingram punt return and a 60-yard Marvin Hill interception return. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Syracuse to 1–1.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610072" title="1953 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1953 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1953 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1953 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 59th overall and 20th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Harold Drew, in his seventh year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham, Ladd Stadium in Mobile and at the Cramton Bowl in Montgomery, Alabama. They finished with a record of six wins, three losses and three ties (6–3–3 overall, 4–0–3 in the SEC), as SEC Champions and with a loss against in the Cotton Bowl Classic.
1953 was one of the more unusual seasons in Alabama history. After they opened the season as the preseason No. 5 team, the Crimson Tide lost to and tied LSU before they had their first win of the season against in week three. Alabama won only six games all year, and only four of seven conference games. However, the other three conference games were ties, and a 4–0–3 record was good enough to win Alabama the SEC title. It was Bama's first conference championship since 1945 and last until 1961. For their championship, Alabama accepted an invitation to play in the Cotton Bowl Classic. 
In their matchup against one of the strangest plays in the history of college football occurred. In the second quarter, the Owls had the ball on its own five-yard line up 7–6 after they recovered an Alabama fumble. On their first play of the drive, Rice running back Dicky Moegle swept around the right side, broke free, and appeared to be on his way to a 95-yard touchdown run—until Tommy Lewis of Alabama, who was on the sideline, ran into the field of play and tackled Moegle at the Alabama 40. Officials awarded Moegle a 95-yard touchdown run, and Rice won the game 28–6.
Game notes.
Mississippi Southern.
To open the 1953 season, Alabama was upset by the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles 25–19 at the Cramton Bowl on a Friday night. The first touchdown of the game was set up after Jim David recovered a Laurin Pepper fumble at the Southern 43-yards line. Five plays later, Tommy Lewis scored on a short run for a 7–0 Alabama lead. The Eagles responded on their next possession with a three-yard Billy Jarrell touchdown pass to Bucky McElroy and made the score 7–6. In the second quarter each team traded touchdowns with Alabama scoring on a five-yard William Oliver, Southern on a 45-yard Jarrell pass to Pepper and Alabama again on a five-yard Bart Starr pass to Curtis Lynch for a 19–12 Crimson Tide lead at halftime. After a scoreless third, Southern scored a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns, first on a 66-yard Pepper run and then on 23-yard Jarrell pass to Leonard Williams, and won the game 25–19. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 6–1.
LSU.
To open conference play for the 1953 season, Alabama played LSU to a 7–7 tie at Ladd Stadium in Mobile. Both of the touchdowns scored in the game were made in the first quarter. The first was scored by Alabama on a two-yard Tommy Lewis run and LSU responded on the drive that ensued with a one-yard George Brancato run for what turned out to be the final points of the game. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 14–6–4.
Vanderbilt.
In their first road game of the season, the Crimson Tide defeated the Vanderbilt Commodores by a final score of 21–12 in Nashville for their first win of the season and their first over Vandy since the 1946 season. The Crimson Tide took a 14–0 first quarter lead with a pair of touchdowns scored in just under two minutes. Bobby Luna scored first on a four-yard run and then Bart Starr threw a 43-yard touchdown pass to Bud Willis. Vanderbilt then cut the lead to 14–6 at halftime after they scored on a five-yard Floyd Teas touchdown run late in the second quarter. In the second half, the Crimson Tide scored in the third on a 30-yard Starr pass to Joe Cummings and the Commodores scored in the fourth on a three-yard Daniel Byers run and made the final score 21–12. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 17–14–1.
Tulsa.
In the first all-time meeting between the schools, Alabama defeated the Tulsa Golden Hurricane 41–13 in the first Denny Stadium game of the season. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama touchdowns on an 11-yard William Oliver run, a 63-yard Thomas Tharp run and a 56-yard Bobby Luna interception return for a 20–0 Crimson Tide lead at halftime. Alabama extended their lead further to 34–0 after third-quarter touchdowns on a 31-yard Bart Starr pass to Bud Willis and on a two-yard William Stone run. Tulsa scored both of the their touchdowns in the fourth quarter, first on an eight-yard Bob Bohn pass to Bob Holladay and on an 11-yard Bill Waller run. The Crimson Tide then made the final score 41–13 when Hootie Ingram scored on a one-yard run with just under a minute left in the game. 
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against the Tennessee Volunteers, Alabama had a chance to defeat the Vols for the first time since 1947, but settled for a scoreless tie after a fumble at the Tennessee five and missed a 43-yard field goal. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 17–13–5. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide battled the Mississippi State Maroons to a 7–7 tie at Denny Stadium after a 26-yard Bobby Luna field goal was blocked as time expired. After a three-yard Jackie Parker run gave the Maroons a 7–0 lead in the second, Alabama tied the game on a two-yard Thomas Tharp run in the third quarter. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 28–7–3.
Georgia.
At Sanford Stadium, Alabama defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 33–12 to end a two game winless streak on homecoming in Athens. The first Crimson Tide touchdown was set up after Thomas Tharp returned a punt 86-yards to the Bulldogs' two-yard line. On the next play, Bart Starr threw a two-yard touchdown pass to Joe Cummings for a 7–0 lead. In the second quarter, Georgia scored all of their points on two-yard Robert Clemens touchdown run and a 28-yard James Harper touchdown pass to James Williams. However, the Crimson Tide scored their second touchdown on a 31-yard Starr pass to Bobby Luna for a 13–12 halftime lead. Alabama then scored three second half touchdowns on a 38-yard Vincent Delaurentis interception return, a 63-yard Tharp run and on a five-yard Starr pass to William Oliver for the 33–12 victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 21–15–3.
Chattanooga.
In the final Denny Stadium game of the season, Alabama defeated the Chattanooga Moccasins 21–14. The Crimson Tide took a 7–0 first quarter lead when Bobby Luna scored on a five-yard touchdown run. The teams then traded second-quarter touchdowns for a 14–14 halftime tie. The Moccasins scored first on a 36-yard Dick Durham pass to Bill Wilkerson, then Alabama on a 54-yard Albert Elmore run and finally on a two-yard Billy Carter run. Bart Starr then threw the game-winning touchdown pass to Thomas Tharp in the third quarter for the 21–14 victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Chattanooga to 7–0.
Georgia Tech.
Against Georgia Tech, Alabama upset the No. 5 ranked Yellow Jackets 13–6 at Legion Field in Birmingham. The Crimson Tide scored first and took a 7–0 lead on a William Oliver run in the first quarter. After a scoreless second quarter, the Jackets scored their only touchdown on a two-yard Glenn Turner run in the third to cut the Alabama lead to 7–6. Albert Elmore then scored the game-winning touchdown early in the fourth quarter on his short run. The loss for the first for Georgia Tech in conference play since their 54–19 loss to the Crimson Tide in 1950, and the victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 18–14–3.
Maryland.
On the road against the No. 2 ranked Maryland Terrapins, Alabama was shutout 21–0 at Byrd Stadium. On the second play of the game, the Terps took a 7–0 lean on an 81-yard Chet Hanulak touchdown run. Later in the first, Bernie Faloney threw a 51-yard touchdown pass to Bill Walker for a 14–0 lead at the end of the quarter. After Faloney was pulled from the game in the second quarter due to an injury, Charles Boxold threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Walker to make the final score 21–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Maryland to 2–0.
Auburn.
For the fifth time in six years since the revival of the Auburn series, Alabama defeated the Tigers 10–7 at Legion Field and clinched both the SEC Championship and a birth in the Cotton Bowl Classic. Auburn scored their only touchdown on a two-yard run in the first quarter by Charles Hataway to cap a drive that saw long runs made by both Vince Dooley and Fob James. William Stone then tied the game 7–7 for Alabama in the third quarter with his 15-yard touchdown run. A fourth quarter field goal from 28-yards by Bobby Luna provided for the final 10–7 margin of victory for the Crimson Tide. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–8–1.
Rice.
In their first all-time game against Rice, the Crimson Tide were defeated 28–6 by the Owls in the Cotton Bowl Classic. Alabama took a 6–0 lead after its only touchdown was cored by Tommy Lewis on a two-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. Rice responded with a series of three, of long touchdown runs by Dicky Moegle to take a 21–6 lead into the fourth quarter. His first touchdown came on a 79-yard run on the first play of the second quarter, the second on a 95-yard run and the third on a 37-yard run. The 95-yard touchdown was awarded by the referee after Tommy Lewis left the Alabama sideline, entered the field of play and tackled Moegle at the Alabama 42-yard line. Rice then scored their final touchdown in the fourth quarter on a seven-yard Buddy Grantham run for the 28–6 victory.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610075" title="First Bite">
First Bite

First bite is the first album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="21610079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610079" title="1954 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1954 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1954 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1954 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 60th overall and 21st season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Harold Drew, in his eighth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham, Ladd Stadium in Mobile and at the Cramton Bowl in Montgomery, Alabama. They finished with a record of four wins, five losses and two ties (4–5–2 overall, 3–3–2 in the SEC).
After a second consecutive season-opening loss to , Alabama reeled off a four-game winning streak that included shutout victories over LSU, and Tennessee. However, the Crimson Tide followed their streak by scoring only 14 points over the final six games of the 1954 season. After their win over Tennessee, Alabama lost to , and in the loss began a streak of 16 consecutive scoreless quarters that tied the all-time school record. Consecutive scoreless ties against Georgia and Tulane followed, despite quarterback Bart Starr's comeback from an early-season injury. The season ended with losses to , and Auburn by a combined score of 71–7. Their record of 4–5–2 was only Alabama's second losing season in 50 years.
After the conclusion of the season, on December 2, Harold Drew resigned as head coach of the Crimson Tide. During his tenure as head coach, Drew had a winning record going 54–28–7 in seven years. Drew's teams won one conference title and played in three bowl games in eight years. On the day of Drew's resignation, Jennings B. Whitworth was introduced as his successor as head coach after he served in the same capacity at Oklahoma A&M.
Game notes.
Mississippi Southern.
To open the 1954 season, Alabama was upset by the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles, for the second consecutive year, 7–2 at the Cramton Bowl on a Friday night. The only touchdown of the game was scored by the Golden Eagles in the first quarter on an 18-yard Brooks Tisdale touchdown run. For the remainder of the game, both defenses were dominate with the oly points coming in the fourth quarter when Douglas Potts blocked a Southern punt into the end zone for a safety and made the final score 7–2. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 6–2.
LSU.
To open conference play for the 1954 season, Alabama defeated LSU 12–0 at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama scored their first touchdown on a 15-yard Bart Starr pass to Thomas Tharp for a 6–0 halftime lead. On the first play of the final period, Hootie Ingram scored on a 69-yard run and made the final score 12–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 15–6–4.
Vanderbilt.
At Ladd Stadium, the Crimson Tide defeated the Vanderbilt Commodores by a final score of 28–14 in Mobile. Vanderbilt took a 7–0 first quarter lead after Charley Horton scored on a five-yard touchdown run. The Crimson Tide responded with a 30-yard Hootie Ingram touchdown pass to Thomas Tharp to tie the game 7–7 in the second quarter. However, the Commodores responded to take a 14–7 halftime lead after 28-yard Horton touchdown run. Early in the third, a blocked Vandy punt gave Alabama possession at the Commodores 16-yard line. Four plays later, William Stone tied the game at 14–14 with his two-yard touchdown run. Alabama then closed with a pair of touchdowns to win the game 28–14. In the third, Albert Elmore threw a seven-yard touchdown pass to Bobby Luna and in the fourth, Tharp scored on a 10-yard run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 18–14–1.
Tulsa.
In the first Denny Stadium game of the season, Alabama shutout the Tulsa Golden Hurricane 40–0 in a contest that saw the Crimson Tide throw five touchdown passes. Alabama took a 14–0 first quarter lead after a 22-yard Hootie Ingram pass to William Hollis and on a 26-yard Ollie Yates pass to Curtis Lynch. Another pair of touchdowns in the second quarter on a four-yard Jerry Watford run and an 18-yard Yates pass to Billy Lumpkin made the halftime score 26–0 in favor of the Crimson Tide. Alabama then closed their scoring with a pair of third-quarter touchdowns on a 17-yard Albert Elmore pass to Paul Donaldson and finally on an 88-yard Elmore pass to Bobby Luna that made the final score 40–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulsa to 2–0.
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against the Tennessee, Alabama shutout the Volunteers 27–0 and handed the Vols their worst home loss to date. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 7–0 halftime lead after Albert Elmore threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Bobby Luna late in the second quarter. A pair of Elmore touchdown passes in the third quarter, seven-yards to Thomas Tharp and 25-yards to Nicholas Germanos, extended the Crimson Tide lead to 21–0. The final points came late in the fourth quarter when Tharp returned an interception 96-yards for touchdown and the 27–0 victory. The return remained the longest in Alabama history through the 1991 season when Mark McMillian had a 98-yard return against . The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–13–5. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide were defeated by the Mississippi State Maroons 12–7 at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 7–0 halftime lead when Albert Elmore threw a three-yard touchdown pass to Thomas Tharp with only 0:25 left in the second. The Maroons scored their first touchdown in the third quarter when Bobby Collins returned a Bobby Luna punt 56-yards to cut the Crimson Tide lead to 7–6. State then scored the game-winning touchdown on a 30-yard Joe Silveri run in the fourth and gave the Maroons the 12–7 victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 28–8–3.
Georgia.
At Birmingham, the Crimson Tide battled the Georgia Bulldogs to a scoreless tie in the first Legion Field game of the season. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 21–15–4.
Tulane.
For their game against Tulane, Alabama traveled to New Orleans and played the Green Wave to a scoreless tie, the second for the Crimson Tide in two weeks. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 16–7–2.
Georgia Tech.
Against Georgia Tech, Alabama extended their scoreless streak to 14 quarters before a nationally televised audience against the Yellow Jackets 20–0 at Grant Field. Tech took a commanding 13–0 lead in the first quarter with touchdowns scored on runs of 45-yards by Paul Rotenberry and seven-yards by E. O. Thompson. The Jackets then scored their final points in the third on a six-yard Thompson run for the 20–0 victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 18–15–3.
Miami.
On a Friday evening in Miami, Alabama was defeated by the Miami Hurricanes 23–7 at Burdine Stadium. After a scoreless first, Miami took a 10–0 halftime lead after Porky Oliver kicked a field goal and on a six-yard Whitey Rouviere touchdown run in the second quarter. The Crimson Tide then ended a 16 quarter shutout streak in the third quarter when Bart Starr scored on a one-yard run and made the score 10–7. The Hurricanes then closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns and won the game 23–7. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 3–1.
Auburn.
For the first time since the 1949 season, Alabama was defeated by the rival Auburn Tigers 28–0 at Legion Field. Auburn led 7–0 at halftime with the only first half touchdown scored on a one-yard Bobby Freeman run in the first quarter. After a 41-yard Freeman run gave the Tigers a 14–0 lead in the third, a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns gave Auburn the 28–0 victory. The final points came on a one-yard Joe Childress run and a three-yard Freeman run. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–9–1.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610080" title="BNS Karatoa">
BNS Karatoa

BNS "Karatoa" is an Island Class Offshore patrol vessel of the Bangladesh Navy, built as the Royal Navy offshore patrol vessel, HMS "Alderney" (P278).
History.
The Island Class offshore patrol vessels, built by Hall, Russell & Company in Aberdeen, were modelled on the ocean-going trawlers FPV "Jura" (1973) and FPV "Westra" (1974). HMS "Alderney" (P278) was launched on 27 February 1979.
On 4 July 1981, HMS "Alderney" apprehended a French trawler. "Alderney"’s boarding party was threatened with knives and acetylene torches. The trawler headed of France, colliding with another French fishing boat, tried to ram "Alderney", and eventually hit the warship, sustaining more damage to itself than the British warship. Giving up, the trawler was towed into Grimsby, where she received a £6,796 fine plus £2,000 for the damage.
HMS Alderney was the affiliated ship for the King Edward VI Grammar School (Chelmsford) Naval Combined Cadet Force during the 1980s
In 1998, "Alderney" rescued the crew of a yacht west of Lundy.
Once decommissioned by the Royal Navy, "Alderney" was sold to Bangladesh's Navy in 2003/04, along with 4 other ships of the same class to protect the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in Bay of Bengal.
She was renamed BNS "Karatoa".
Career.
The island class patrol boats were built to enforce a fishing zone around the UK, netting hundreds of thousands of pounds in fines.
The "Karatoa" is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL). About 100 personnel serve at "Karatoa", which is categorized as Large Offshore Patrol Vessel in the Bangladesh Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="21610081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610081" title="1955 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1955 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1955 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1955 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 61st overall and 22nd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Jennings B. Whitworth, in his first year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and at Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of zero wins and ten losses (0–10 overall, 0–7 in the SEC).
On December 2, 1954, Harold Drew resigned as head coach of the Crimson Tide, and Jennings B. Whitworth was introduced as his successor. Whitworth brought a new system that was more oriented towards the running game. As a result, senior quarterback Bart Starr and the other Tide seniors saw little playing time. Whitworth, for his part, was only allowed to hire two assistants and required to retain the rest of Coach Drew's staff. 
Alabama football hit rock bottom in 1955, going 0–10, the worst season in school history. It was only the third winless season in the history of the Crimson Tide, the others being the 0–4 teams in 1893 and 1895 when the program was just starting. For the season, Alabama only averaged 4.8 points per game and the opposition averaged 25.6. The Tide was shutout four times, the opposition never scored fewer than 20 points and the smallest margin of defeat was 15 points in a 21–6 loss to Vanderbilt.
Game notes.
Rice.
To open the 1955 season, the Crimson Tide traveled to Houston and were shutout 20–0 by the Rice Owls of the Southwest Conference. After being held scoreless for the first three quarters, the Owls scored all three of their touchdowns in the fourth quarter. King Hill scored first on a one-yard run, a 45-yard Page Rogers run and on a two-yard Hill run. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Rice to 0–2.
Vanderbilt.
At Dudley Field, the Crimson Tide were defeated by the Vanderbilt Commodores 21–6 to open conference play. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 18–15–1.
TCU.
In their home opener for the 1955 season, the Crimson Tide were shutout by the Texas Christian University (TCU) Horned Frogs 21–0 at Denny Stadium in what was the first all-time meeting between the schools. After a scoreless first half, Jim Swink scored all three of the Frogs' touchdowns in the second half. The scores came on runs of 65 and three-yards in the third and on a 10-yard run in the fourth quarter. 
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against Tennessee, Alabama was shutout for the third time in four weeks, and lost to the Volunteers 20–0 at Legion Field. After a scoreless first, the Vols took a 7–0 halftime lead after Johnny Majors threw a nine-yard touchdown pass to Roger Urbano on a fourth down play early in the second quarter. A pair of touchdown runs in the fourth by Majors from two-yards out and by Lon Herzbrun from one-yard out made the final score 20–0 in favor of the visitors. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–14–5. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide were defeated for the second consecutive year by the Mississippi State Maroons 26–7 at Denny Stadium. The first State touchdown was set up after the Maroons recovered a fumble at their 37-yard line. Bill Stanton scored on a one-yard run five plays later to give State a 6–0 lead. In the second quarter, William Morgan scored on a nine-yard run for the Maroons, but Alabama answered with a one-yard Clay Walls touchdown run to make the halftime score 13–7. State then pulled away in the second half to win 26–7 after 14-yard Morgan run in the third and on a 27-yard Stanton pass to Morgan in the fourth. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 28–9–3.
Georgia.
At Athens, the Crimson Tide lost to the Georgia Bulldogs 35–14 on homecoming at Sanford Stadium. The Bulldogs took a 14–0 halftime lead after James Harper threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Laneair Roberts in the first and on a one-yard Robert Garrard run in the second quarter. The Tide then scored the first touchdown of the second half on a six-yard Donald Kinderknecht run to cut the Georgia lead to 14–7. However, the Bulldogs responded with a three-yard Henry Dukes run to make the score 21–7 at the start of the fourth. In the final quarter, Conrad Manisera scored on a four-yard run and on a one-yard John Bell run for Georgia and on a one-yard Bart Starr run for Alabama. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 21–16–4.
Tulane.
Playing their annual home game at Ladd Stadium, the Crimson Tide lost 27–7 to the Tulane Green Wave in Mobile. The game was tied 7–7 at halftime after Tulane scored on a 12-yard Al Cottrell run in the first and Alabama scored on a short Billy Lumpkin run in the second quarter. After a one-yard Ronald Quillian run in the third to give Tulane a 14–7 lead, the Green Wave closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns o win 27–7. The fourth quarter scored were made by Quillian on a five-yard run and by Cottrell on a 17-yard interception return. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 16–8–2.
Georgia Tech.
Against Georgia Tech, Alabama lost their eleventh consecutive game in this 26–2 defeat by the Yellow Jackets at Legion Field. Tech took a 12–0 first quarter lead after they scored a pair of touchdowns in a 19 second span. The first came on a five-yard Richard Mattison run and the second on a 28-yard Kenny Thompson interception return. The Yellow Jackets' third score was set up early in the second quarter after Thomas Rose blocked an Alabama punt at the Tide's 12-yard line. Two plays later, Tech took a 19–0 lead after Paul Rotenberry scored on a five-yard run. After a scoreless third, in the fourth quarter Tech scored their final touchdown on a 34-yard Ronald Vann pass to Marion Ellis and Alabama got their only points on a safety in the final minute to make the score 26–2. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 18–16–3.
Miami.
On a Friday evening in Miami for the second consecutive year, Alabama was defeated by the Miami Hurricanes 34–12 at Burdine Stadium. The Hurricanes took a 14–0 first quarter lead on touchdowns scored by Don Bosseler on a four-yard run and by Whitey Rouviere on a 25-yard run. The Crimson Tide responded in the second quarter with a Donald Kinderknecht touchdown run to make the halftime score 14–6. Bosseler then gave Miami a 27–6 lead in the third quarter with his touchdown runs of two and 14-yards. In the fourth quarter, Bart Starr threw a seven-yard touchdown pass to Roy Forbus for Alabama and Ed Oliver scored on a four-yard touchdown run for Miami to make the final score 34–12. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 3–2.
Auburn.
For the second consecutive year, Alabama was shutout by the rival Auburn Tigers 26–0 at Legion Field and finished the season winless. After a scoreless first quarter, the Tigers took a 13–0 halftime lead with second quarter passes of 23 and 10-yards from Howell Tubbs to Jerry Elliott. Auburn then closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns on pair of short runs by Joe Childress and Tubbs to win 26–0. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–10–1.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610083" title="1956 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1956 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1956 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1956 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 62nd overall and 23rd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Jennings B. Whitworth, in his second year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and at Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of two wins, seven losses and one tie (2–7–1 overall, 2–5 in the SEC).
In 1956 the Crimson Tide improved somewhat from the year before—but not much. Alabama opened the season with four straight losses by a combined score of 99–26 to , , and Tennessee. At this point, the all-time school record losing streak ran to 17 consecutive games, and the winless streak reached 20 games back to the 1954 season. Then against , Alabama won a game for the first time since October 16, 1954. The Tide scored with 2½ minutes to go and kicked the extra point to beat Maroons 13–12. After a loss to Georgia Alabama managed a 13–7 victory over Tulane. They then closed the season with a 13–13 tie with between losses to and Auburn.
Game notes.
Rice.
The Crimson Tide opened the 1956 season with their 14th consecutive loss, while their opponent, the Rice Owls, ended their own seven-game losing streak with their 20–13 victory at Houston. The Owls scored the first touchdown of the game on their opening drive when Frank Ryan threw a 12-yard pass to Buddy Dial. Alabama responded in the final minute of the quarter with a one-yard Clay Walls touchdown run to tie the game at 7–7. Rice then took a 14–7 halftime lead after King Hill threw a 30-yard touchdown pass to Bobby Williams in the second quarter. After a 17-yard Donald Comstock touchdown run brought the Crimson Tide within a point of the Owls lead, Rice closed the game with an 18-yard Ryan touchdown pass to Dial in the fourth to win 20–13. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Rice to 0–3.
Vanderbilt.
In their annual home game at Ladd Stadium, the Crimson Tide were defeated by the Vanderbilt Commodores 32–7 to open conference play. After a scoreless first quarter, the Commodores took a 13–0 halftime lead with second-quarter touchdowns scored on a short pass from Donald Orr to Gerald Hudson and later on a three-yard Danny McCall run. Hudson extended the Vandy lead to 19–0 with his three-yard touchdown run before the Crimson Tide scored their only points of the game on a one-yard Donald Comstock touchdown run that made the score 19–7. Vanderbilt then closed the game with a pair of touchdowns on runs of 25-yards by Phil King and three-yards by William Smith to win 32–7. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 18–16–1.
TCU.
For the second consecutive season, Alabama played host to the Texas Christian University (TCU) Horned Frogs of the Southwest Conference, and for the second time in as many years lost 23–6. TCU took a 7–0 first quarter lead on a 46-yard Ken Wineburg touchdown run that capped an 81-yard drive. In the second quarter, the Frogs scored on an 11-yard Buddy Dike touchdown run and on a 21-yard Vernon Hallbeck field goal and took a 16–0 halftime lead. After a 41-yard Wineburg run in the third gave TCU a 23–0 lead, Alabama scored their lone points in the fourth on a 10-yard James Loftin touchdown run that made the final score 23–6. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against TCU to 0–2.
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against Tennessee, Alabama was shutout for the second consecutive year by the Volunteers in this 24–0 loss in Knoxville. In the game, Tennessee scored a touchdown in all four quarters. The Vols took a 12–0 halftime lead after Tommy Bronson scored on a three-yard run in the first and Al Carter scored on a 44-yard run in the second. After Johnny Majors scored on a short run to open the third quarter, Carter scored the final touchdown of the game in the fourth on a one-yard run that made the final score 24–0. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–15–5. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide upset the Mississippi State Maroons 13–12 at Denny Stadium that ended both a 17-game losing streak that stretched back to the 1954 season and gave Whitworth his first victory as Crimson Tide head coach. The Maroons took a 12–0 first quarter lead on touchdown runs of two-yards by Frank Sabbatini and 22-yards by Billy Stacy. The Crimson Tide responded in the second quarter on a 46-yard Clay Walls touchdown pass to Jimmy Bowdoin that made the halftime score 12–6. After a scoreless third quarter, Walls tied the game 12–12 with his one-yard touchdown run in the fourth. The Pete Reeves extra point that followed gave Alabama the 13–12 victory and ended their 17-game losing streak. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 29–9–3.
Georgia.
One week after they won their fist game in nearly two years, the Crimson Tide lost to the Georgia Bulldogs 16–13 at Legion Field. Alabama took a 7–0 lead into halftime after Charles Nelson scored on a one-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. After Georgia tied the game 7–7 in the third quarter on an 80-yard J. B. Davis punt return, they took a 10–7 lead early in the fourth quarter after Clenton Cooper kicked a 29-yard field goal. They extended their lead further to 16–7 after a short William Hearn touchdown run, before Alabama scored their final points on a 24-yard Marshall Brown touchdown run that made the final score 16–13. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 21–17–4.
Tulane.
On the road in New Orleans, the Crimson Tide won their second game of the season with this 13–7 victory over the Tulane Green Wave. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama scored both of their touchdowns in the second quarter. Both were scored on one-yard runs, first from Donald Comstock and second from George Salem. After a scoreless third, Tulane made the final score 13–7 on a 29-yard Fred Wilcox touchdown pass to T. Eugene Newton. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 17–8–2.
Georgia Tech.
Against Georgia Tech, Alabama was shutout 27–0 by the Yellow Jackets at Grant Field. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 18–17–3.
Mississippi Southern.
In their final non-conference game of the season, Alabama tied the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles 13–13 at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, Bo Dickinson scored on a 38-yard touchdown run for Southern and then Bobby Smith threw a 52-yard touchdown pass to Donald Comstock for Alabama to tie the game 7–7 at halftime. In the third quarter, Smith threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to Comstock for the Crimson Tide and the Dickinson scored on a 37-yard touchdown run to again tie the game 13–13, which stood as the final score after a scoreless fourth quarter. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 6–2–1.
Auburn.
Against the rival Auburn Tigers, Alabama lost 34–7 at Legion Field in the season finale. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–11–1.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610087" title="1957 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1957 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1957 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1957 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 63rd overall and 24th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Jennings B. Whitworth, in his third year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and at Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of two wins, seven losses and one tie (2–7–1 overall, 1–6–1 in the SEC).
Alabama opened the season by going winless over their first five games. After a loss at , the Crimson Tide played to a tie at Nashville. They then lost to , Tennessee and before they won their first game at Georgia. The Crimson Tide then lost consecutive home games to Tulane and before they won their second game of the season against . Alabama then closed the season with a 40–0 loss in the Iron Bowl against eventual national champion Auburn.
On October 24, University officials announced the contract of head coach Whitworth would not be renewed when it expired December 1 at the conclusion of the season. On December 3, former Maryland, Kentucky and then Texas A&M head coach and former Alabama player Bear Bryant was hired as both the head coach of the football team and athletic director at Alabama.
Game notes.
LSU.
To open the 1957 season, Alabama was shutout by LSU 28–0 at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge. LSU took the opening kickoff and drove 67-yards for a one-yard Jim Taylor touchdown run that gave the Tigers a 7–0 lead at halftime after a scoreless second quarter. In the third quarter, Win Turner intercepted an Alabama pass that gave LSU possession at their 40-yard line. Six plays later, Turner then threw a 42-yard touchdown pass to J. W. Brodnax for a 14–0 lead. Billy Cannon then scored the final two Tigers' touchdowns for the 28–0 victory. The first came on a 53-yard run in the third quarter and the second on a 73-yard run in the fourth quarter that followed a fake punt. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 15–7–4.
Vanderbilt.
In their second consecutive road game to open the 1957 season, the Crimson Tide played the Vanderbilt Commodores to a 6–6 tie at Dudley Field. Alabama took an early 6–0 lead on a short James Loftin touchdown run that capped their first offensive possession. The Commodores then tied the game 6–6 in the second quarter on a four-yard William Smith touchdown run. The Crimson Tide nearly pulled off the upset late in the fourth quarter after a 58-yard Jerry Daniel punt return gave Alabama possession at the Vandy eight-yard line. However, Alabama was unable to score as time expired just prior to a fourth down play from inside the five-yard line. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 18–16–2.
TCU.
For the third consecutive season, Alabama played the Texas Christian University (TCU) Horned Frogs of the Southwest Conference, and for the third time in as many years the Crimson Tide lost 28–0. After a scoreless first quarter, TCU took a 14–0 halftime lead after they scored a pair short second-quarter touchdown runs by Buddy Dike and Marvin Lasater. The Frogs then closed the game with a 49-yard Dick Finney quarterback sneak for a touchdown in the third and on a short Jim Shofner touchdown run in the fourth to win 28–0. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against TCU to 0–3.
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against Tennessee, the score was tied at zero as the teams entered the fourth quarter. However, a pair of touchdowns by the Volunteers in the final quarter gave Tennessee the 14–0 victory in Birmingham. The Vols touchdowns were scored on a nine-yard Bobby Gordon touchdown pass to Tommy Potts and then on a four-yard Gordon run in the win. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–17–5. 
Mississippi State.
One year after the Crimson Tide defeated Mississippi State to end their 17-game losing streak, the Maroons were victorious on homecoming at Denny Stadium by a final score of 25–13. Alabama took a 6–0 lead on the second play of the game when Jim Loftin scored on a 65-yard touchdown run. The lead was short lived as on the Maroons possession that ensued, Billy Stacy threw a 57-yard touchdown pass to Charles Weatherly that tied the game 6–6. State then took a 12–6 halftime lead on a 21-yard Gil Peterson touchdown run in the second quarter. 
After a scoreless third quarter, the Maroons extended their lead to 25–6 in the fourth quarter on short touchdown runs by Molly Halbert and Robert Collins. The Crimson Tide then made the final score 25–13 on a 62-yard Bobby Jackson touchdown pass to Marlin Dyess late in the final period. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 29–10–3.
Georgia.
Against the Georgia Bulldogs, Alabama won their first game of the season 14–13 at Sanford Stadium in Athens. The Bulldogs took a 6–0 first quarter lead after Theron Sapp scored on a one-yard touchstone run. The Crimson Tide responded with a pair of second-quarter touchdowns and took a 14–6 halftime lead. Both scores came on a pair of Bobby Smith touchdown passes, the first to Charles Gray from 46-yards and the second to Willie Beck from 16-yards out. Georgia was able to score a second touchdown in the third quarter on a six-yard Charles Britt pass to Donald Soberdash; however, the blocked extra point from their first score provided the final margin of defeat for the Bulldogs. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 22–17–4.
Tulane.
In their annual home game played at Ladd Stadium, the Crimson Tide were shutout 7–0 by the Tulane Green Wave at Mobile. The only points of the game came on a four-yard Richie Petitbon touchdown run in the first quarter. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 17–9–2.
Georgia Tech.
Against Georgia Tech, Alabama lost 10–7 to the Yellow Jackets at Legion Field. The Crimson Tide took a 7–0 first quarter lead after Danny Wilbanks scored on a one-yard touchdown run that capped an 80-yard drive. Alabama held the lead through the fourth quarter, but Tech scored ten points to win in the final period. Freddie Braselton tied the game 7–7 with his one-yard touchdown run and then Urban Henry scored the game-winning field goal late in the fourth that made the final score 10–7. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 18–18–3.
Mississippi Southern.
In their final non-conference game of the season, Alabama won their second game of the season against the Mississippi Southern Golden Eagles 29–2 at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 7–0 halftime lead on a one-yard Danny Wilbanks touchdown run in the second quarter. After Wilbanks scored his second touchdown in the third quarter, Southern gave up a safety on a bad snap on a punt attempt. On the free kick that ensued, Clay Walls returned it 66-yards for a touchdown and a 22–0 lead. After the Crimson Tide took a 29–0 lead in the fourth quarter on a 14-yard Bobby Skelton touchdown pass to Marlin Dyess before the Southerners ended the shutout attempt when Skelton was sacked for a safety. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi Southern to 7–2–1.
Auburn.
Against the rival Auburn, the Tigers scored 34 first half points en route to a 40–0 shutout victory at Legion Field in the season finale. After the Tigers recovered an Alabama fumble on their first possession, Auburn took a 7–0 lead on a one-yard Bill Atkins touchdown run. Atkins then extended their lead to 14–0 with a six-yard touchdown run later in the first that capped a six-play, 62-yard drive. Up by 14, three second-quarter touchdowns resulted in a 34–0 halftime lead for Auburn. Points were scored on a two-yard Lloyd Nix run and on interception returns of 21-yards by Tommy Lorino and 66-yards by Jackie Burkett. 
The final Auburn touchdown was scored in the third on a 27-yard Nix pass to Jim Phillips that made the final score 40–0. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–12–1. Three days after their victory over the Crimson Tide, Auburn was recognized as the 1957 national champions by the Associated Press in their final poll of the season.
After the season.
In the week that followed their loss to Tennessee, the University of Alabama Faculty Committee on Physical Education and Athletics announced the University would not renew coach Whitworth's contract effective December 1 at the conclusion of the season. On December 3, the University formally introduced then Texas A&M head coach and former Crimson Tide player Bear Bryant as the new head coach of the Crimson Tide. At the time of the announcement, Bryant also became athletic director as the replacement for Hank Crisp and signed a ten-year contract to serve as Alabama's head coach.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610088" title="1958 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1958 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1958 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1958 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 64th overall and 25th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his first year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and at Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of five wins, four losses and one tie (5–4–1 overall, 3–4–1 in the SEC). As they finished the season above .500, Alabama secured its first winning season since 1953, and their five victories gave Bryant more wins games in one season than former head coach Jennings B. Whitworth did in previous three.
On December 3, 1957, the University formally introduced then Texas A&M head coach and former Crimson Tide player Bear Bryant as the new head coach of the Crimson Tide. In the season opener, Bama led future national champion LSU 3–0 at the half before they lost 13–3, and the next week played a ranked team to a scoreless tie. In their third game, the Crimson Tide defeated for the first victory of the Bryant era. After a loss at Tennessee, Alabama then defeated then No. 19 for their first victory over a ranked team since 1953 and followed that with a win over Georgia on homecoming. 
The Crimson Tide were then upset at Tulane on a Friday evening, but bounced back with wins over and that secured Alabama's first winning season since 1953. After they closed the season with a loss against Auburn, Alabama declined an invitation to compete in the Bluegrass Bowl to end Bryant's first season and became the only Bryant coached team at Alabama to not have participated in a bowl game.
Game notes.
LSU.
To open the Bear Bryant era, Alabama led 3–0 at halftime but lost 13–3 to the eventual national champion LSU Tigers Ladd Stadium in Mobile. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide took a 3–0 halftime lead after Fred Sington, Jr. connected on an eight-yard field goal. Midway through the half, a section of bleachers in the north end zone collapsed and resulted in 60 spectators being injured. The collapse resulted in a stoppage of play while emergency responders worked to assist those injured by the collapse.
LSU took a 7–3 lead in the third quarter when Warren Rabb threw a nine-yard touchdown pass to Johnny Robinson that capped a 67-yard drive. Billy Cannon then scored on a 12-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter that made the final score 13–3. For the game, the Tigers were led by head coach Paul Dietzel who previously served as an assistant coach for Bryant during his tenure at Kentucky. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 15–8–4.
Vanderbilt.
In their first Legion Field game of the 1958 season, the Crimson Tide played the Vanderbilt Commodores to a 0–0 tie in Birmingham. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 18–16–3.
Furman.
In their first Denny Stadium game of the 1958 season, the Crimson Tide notched the first victory of the Bryant era with this 29–6 win over the Furman Paladins in Tuscaloosa. The Crimson Tide took an early 20–0 lead after they scored three touchdowns in the final four minutes of the first quarter. Bobby Jackson scored first on a two-yard run, the second was scored on a 16-yard Jackson pass to Laurien Stapp and the third on a 56-yard Gary O'Steen punt return. A 24-yard Pete Reaves field goal in the second quarter extended the Alabama lead to 23–0 at halftime. In the third quarter, Furman scored their only points of the game on a nine-yard Roy Nickles touchdown run. The Crimson Tide responded with a 61-yard Bobby Smith touchdown pass to O'Steen that made the final score 29–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Furman to 4–0.
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against Tennessee, a pair of Billy Majors touchdowns for the Volunteers provided for the final margin in their 14–7 victory in Knoxville. After a scoreless first quarter, the Vols took a 7–0 halftime lead when Majors scored on a one-yard run on the first play of the second quarter. He then extended the Tennessee lead to 14–0 in the third on a seven-yard run, before Alabama made the final score 14–7 on a one-yard Bobby Jackson touchdown run. In the game, Alabama fumbled the ball five times and Tennessee recovered three of them. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–18–5. 
Mississippi State.
On what was homecoming in Starkville, the Crimson Tide upset the Mississippi State Maroons 9–7 and secured Bryant's first SEC victory. Alabama took a 3–0 first quarter lead after Fred Sington, Jr. connected on a 22-yard field goal. Still up by three in the third quarter, the Crimson Tide scored their only touchdown of the game on a 21-yard Bobby Jackson pass to Norbie Ronsonet and extended their lead to 9–0. The Maroons managed their only points late in the fourth on a six-yard Billy Stacy touchdown run that made the final score 9–7. The victory was Alabama's first over a ranked opponent since their win over Auburn in 1953 and improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 30–10–3.
Georgia.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, Alabama shutout the Georgia Bulldogs 12–0 for their second consecutive conference victory. The Crimson Tide took a 6–0 first quarter lead after Gary O'Steen scored on a 14-yard run and then made the final score 12–0 late in the fourth quarter on a short Bobby Jackson touchdown run. The victory gave Alabama their first two-game winning streak since the 1954 season and improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 23–17–4.
Tulane.
On a Friday evening at New Orleans, the Crimson Tide were defeated 13–7 by the Tulane Green Wave after they turned the ball over on downs late in the fourth quarter. Richie Petitbon gave Tulane an early 6–0 lead with his two-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. Petitbon then extended the Green Wave lead to 13–0 late in the third on a one-yard run before Alabama scored their lone touchdown of the game. The only Crimson Tide points came on a one-yard Bobby Jackson touchdown run that capped a 73-yard drive in the fourth quarter. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 17–10–2.
Georgia Tech.
Behind a 17-point first quarter, the Crimson Tide upset the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 17–8 on homecoming at Grant Field. All 17 first quarter points were scored on drives that immediately followed a turnover. Bobby Jackson first scored on a one-yard touchdown run to cap a drive that started after a fumble was recovered by Baxter Booth. Duff Morrison's interception then set up the next Alabama scoring drive that ended when Pete Reaves connected on a 19-yard field goal for a 10–0 lead. The lead was then extended to 17–0 on a five-yard Jackson run that completed a drive started at the Tech 20-yard line when Milton Frank recovered a fumble. The only Yellow Jacket points came in the third quarter when a Calvin James fumble was recovered by Billy Shaw for a touchdown that made the final score 17–8 after a successful two-point conversion. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 19–18–3.
Memphis State.
In what was the first all-time meeting against Memphis State, the Crimson Tide shutout the Tigers 14–0 in the final Denny Stadium game of the season. Alabama took a 6–0 first quarter lead after Bobby Jackson threw a 62-yard touchdown pass to Marlin Dyess on the first offensive play of the game. Jackson then scored what proved to be the final points of the game with his 18-yard touchdown run in the second quarter. He then successfully converted the two-point conversion that made the final score 14–0.
Auburn.
Against rival Auburn, the Crimson Tide nearly upset the No. 2 ranked Tigers but lost 14–8 at Legion Field in what was the closest game between the schools since the 1953 season. The Tigers' took an early 7–0 lead after Dick Wood threw a three-yard touchdown pass to Jim Pettus in the first quarter. Neither team would score again until late in the fourth quarter when Auburn went up 14–0 on a one-yard Jim Reynolds touchdown run. Alabama responded with a nine-yard Marlin Dyess touchdown run that cut the Tigers' lead to 14–8 after they converted a two-point conversion. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–13–1.
Bluegrass Bowl.
After their victory over , Alabama players voted to accept any potential bowl bid if one was extended to the team. As they entered their final game of the season against Auburn, officials from the Bluegrass Bowl announced that the Crimson Tide was their top choice to participate in the inaugural event regardless of the outcome against the Tigers. Although the Crimson Tide were their top choice, on December 1, bowl officials announced that Florida State and would participate in the game. 
It was reported that prior to the announcement, the game was to have seen a rematch of Alabama against , but that no deal was reached. After the Crimson Tide declined the invitation, Florida State accepted it. Years later, Bryant stated he regretted he did not accept the bid as it would have allowed for additional practice time at the conclusion of the season. The 1958 season also marked the only one where a Bryant-led team at Alabama failed to participate in a bowl game.
Freshmen squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. For the 1958 season, the Alabama freshmen squad was coached by Sam Bailey and finished their season with a record of two wins, zero losses and one tie (2–0–1). In their first game against the Mississippi State Baby Maroons, a 27-yard Jimmy Spencer field goal fell short with under a minute left, and the game ended in a scoreless tie at Starkville. In their second game, the Crimson Tide defeated Tulane 25–6 before 3,000 fans at Denny Stadium. After the game was tied 6–6 at halftime, Alabama scored 19 unanswered points in the second half to win. Touchdowns were scored by Mal Moore on a one-yard run, a 37-yard Moore pass to Tommy Brooker and on a 22-yard Ronnie Davis pass to Steve Anderson. The Baby Tide then closed the season with a 14–6 win over Auburn in a game that saw touchdowns scored of runs of 10-yards by Jerry Rich and one-yard by Pat Trammell.
NFL Draft.
At the conclusion of the season several members of the 1958 squad were drafted into the National Football League. These players included: Bobby Jackson in the seventh round to the Green Bay Packers, Ernie Moore in the 29th round to the Los Angeles Rams and Dave Sington in the 30th round to the New York Giants.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610090" title="1959 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1959 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1959 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1959 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 65th overall and 26th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his second year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and at Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of seven wins, two losses and two ties (7–2–2 overall, 4–1–2 in the SEC) and with a loss against Penn State in the inaugural Liberty Bowl.
The Crimson Tide opened the 1959 season with three consecutive games on the road. After they dropped the opener at Georgia, they rebounded with a victory at and then played to a 7–7 tie at Dudley Field. Alabama then defeated in the first Denny Stadium game of the season and tied Tennessee 7–7 at Legion Field. On homecoming, the Crimson Tide defeated and then one week later defeated Tulane at Ladd Stadium. The win over Tulane was both the 100th Southeastern Conference victory in the history of the Alabama program and the 100th all-time victory for Bryant as a head coach.
Alabama then went on to upset and as a result entered the polls the following week for the first time since the 1954 season. The Crimson Tide then closed the regular season with a wins over and Auburn that snapped what was then a school record five-game Iron Bowl losing streak. Alabama next accepted an invitation to compete in the inaugural Liberty Bowl where they were upset by Penn State in the final game of the season.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1959 season, Fran Tarkenton led the Georgia Bulldogs to a 17–3 victory over the Crimson Tide at Athens. The Bulldogs took an early 3–0 lead after Tom Pennington connected on a 35-yard field goal in the first quarter. Georgia then extended their lead further to 10–0 at halftime on a 40-yard David Godfrey touchdown run in the second quarter. After Alabama responded with their only points in the third on a 23-yard Fred Sington, Jr. field goal, Tarkenton scored on a one-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter that made the final score 17–3. The 17 points scored were the most allowed by a Bryant led defense to that point, and the Georgia win marked their first in an opening game since their 1954 season. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 23–18–4.
Houston.
A week after they opened the season with a loss at Georgia, the Crimson Tide shutout the Houston Cougars 3–0 in the first all-time meeting between the schools. On a rainy evening, the only points scored came in the third quarter on a 25-yard Fred Sington, Jr. field goal. In the game, the Crimson Tide defense had three interceptions, but was also penalized eight times for 99-yards in the victory.
Vanderbilt.
For the third time in as many seasons, the Crimson Tide played the Vanderbilt Commodores to a tie, this time by a 7–7 margin in Nashville. After a scoreless first quarter, the Commodores took a 7–0 halftime lead after Tom Moore scored on a short touchdown run in the second quarter. Alabama tied the game early in the fourth quarter on a short Pat Trammell touchdown run, Russell Morris missed a 37-yard field goal attempt later in the quarter and the game ended tied 7–7. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 18–16–4.
Chattanooga.
In rainy conditions for the first home game of the 1959 season, the Crimson Tide shutout the Chattanooga Mocs 13–0 in Tuscaloosa. Alabama took a 7–0 first quarter lead when Robert Skelton scored on an 18-yard touchdown run. Pat Trammell then scored the second touchdown of the game in the third on a 54-yard run that made the score 13–0. For the game, Trammell rushed for 106 yards on 17 carries to lead the Crimson Tide. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Chattanooga to 8–0.
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against Tennessee, Alabama played the No. 14 Volunteers to a 7–7 tie in Birmingham. Tennessee took an early 7–0 lead in the first quarter. Bill Majors scored on a two-yard touchdown run that capped a nine-play, 45-yard drive. The Crimson Tide responded in the second quarter when Pat Trammell threw a 21-yard touchdown pass to Stanley Bell that tied the score 7–7. The only other scoring opportunity came late in the fourth quarter, and after Frank Sington, Jr. missed an eight-yard field goal for Alabama, the game ended in a 7–7 tie. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–18–6. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, Alabama shutout the Mississippi State Maroons 10–0 and secured their first conference victory of the 1959 season. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 3–0 halftime lead after Fred Sington, Jr. connected on a 25-yard field goal. They then extended their lead to 10–0 in the third quarter when Bobby Skelton threw a 36-yard touchdown pass to Stanley Bell. The Crimson Tide defense was dominant in the victory as they had four interceptions for the game. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 31–10–3.
Tulane.
In their annual home game at Ladd Stadium in Mobile, the Crimson Tide overcame five turnovers and defeated the Tulane Green Wave 19–7. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 7–0 lead after Marlin Dyess scored on a four-yard touchdown run. The Greenies responded later in the quarter with a 10-yard Phil Nugent touchdown pass to Pete Abadie that tied the game 7–7 at halftime. The Crimson Tide then scored a pair of second half touchdowns. The first came in the third quarter on a 22-yard Bobby Skelton pass to Tommy Brooker and the second in the fourth quarter on a 10-yard W. E. Richardson run. The win was both the 100th Southeastern Conference victory in the history of the Alabama program and the 100th victory for Bryant as a head coach. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 18–10–2.
Georgia Tech.
Behind a 43-yard game-winning Fred Sington, Jr. field goal, the Crimson Tide upset the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 9–7 at Legion Field. Tech took an early 7–0 after Gary O'Steen fumbled the opening kickoff that gave the Yellow Jackets possession at the Alabama 27-yard line. Six plays later Marvin Tibbetts scored on a two-yard run. Alabama's only touchdown drive was set up on their next possession after Tech fumbled a punt that was recovered by W. E. Richardson at their 49-yard line. Eight plays later, Marlin Dyess scored on a 10-yard run, but Bryant then elected to go for a two-point conversion that was unsuccessful and the Jackets led 7–6. What proved to be the game-winning field goal came on a 43-yard Sington kick in the second quarter that made the score 9–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 20–18–3.
Memphis State.
After their upset victory over Georgia Tech, the Crimson Tide entered the polls for the first time since the 1954 season in the No. 17 position. Down 7–0 at halftime to underdog Memphis State, the Crimson Tide rallied with a pair of second half touchdowns and defeated the Tigers 14–7 at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, Memphis took a 7–0 lead after Jimmy Wright scored on a one-yard touchdown run that capped an 84-yard drive. Alabama then took an 8–7 lead in the third quarter when W. E. Richardson scored on a fourth-and-three touchdown run followed it with a successful two-point conversion. Mal Moore then threw a four-yard touchdown pass to William Rice in the fourth quarter that made the final score 14–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Memphis State to 2–0.
Auburn.
As they entered their season finale against No. 11 Auburn, the Crimson Tide dropped two spots to the No. 19 position after their closer than expected game against Memphis State. At Legion Field in the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama shutout the Tigers 10–0 and won their first game against their rival since the 1953 season. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 3–0 halftime lead on a 27-yard Tommy Brooker field goal. They extended their lead further to 10–0 in the third quarter on a 39-yard Bobby Skelton touchdown pass to Marlin Dyess. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 10–13–1.
Penn State.
After their victory over Auburn in their season finale, Bryant turned down an invitation to play in the Bluegrass Bowl. However, two days later they accepted an invitation to compete in the inaugural Liberty Bowl against the Penn State Nittany Lions in the first all-time meeting between the schools. As they entered their contest against Penn State, Alabama finished the season with the No. 10 ranking and the Nittany Lions with the No. 12 ranking. At Municipal Stadium, Alabama was upset 7–0 by Penn State with the only touchdown scored in the second quarter on a 17-yard touchdown reception by Roger Kochman from Galen Hall on a fake field goal attempt. This bowl game marked the beginning of a school record 25 consecutive bowl appearances.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="21610109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610109" title="Wesleyan Bible Institute of Suriname">
Wesleyan Bible Institute of Suriname

The Wesleyan Bible Institute of Suriname is a small Bible School located in the Flora District of Paramaribo, the capital of Suriname.
History.
The Wesleyan Bible Institute was restarted, after a fifteen-year period marked mainly by inactivity, by missionary Steve Pocock in 1996. The Bible School building in Flora was built between 1999 and 2000 through financial contributions in the United States and by four teams of volunteers who came from the United States and Canada to help complete the building.
Purpose.
The school's purpose is to train pastors and church leaders for The Wesleyan Church in Suriname. Classes are offered at the main campus in the district Flora, in the capital city of Paramaribo.
Building.
The building has: one large meeting hall (suitable for 100 people), two class rooms, and a one-room library. The library has 500 volumes of books in Dutch and hundreds of books in English.
Expansion.
Extension classes have been taught in Moengo, a mining village on the edge of the jungle, in the Commewijne district. These extension classes have made leadership training available to students who otherwise would find it extremely difficult to attend school in the capital city.

</doc>
<doc id="21610117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610117" title="Israel–Sweden relations">
Israel–Sweden relations

Israel–Sweden relations refers to the bilateral relations between Israel and Sweden. Israel has an embassy in Stockholm while Sweden has an embassy in Tel Aviv, consulate in Jerusalem and honorary consulates (Haifa and Eilat)
History.
Sweden voted in favor of the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine in 1947, which lead to the creation of the State of Israel. Relations between Sweden and Israel were good during the 1950s and 1960s, during Tage Erlander's tenure as Prime Minister of Sweden. Erlander expressed strong support for Israel during the Six-Day War.
Olof Palme, who succeeded Erlander as Swedish Prime Minister and leader of the Social Democratic Party in 1969, was more critical of the United States and its allies, including Israel. In 1969, the Social Democratic Party adopted a neutral stance in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. The new policy was justified by the Swedish diplomat Gunnar Jarring's position as the United Nations Secretary-General's special envoy in the conflict (the so-called Jarring Mission).
In October 1973, during the Yom Kippur War, Sweden's Minister for Foreign Affairs Krister Wickman criticized Israel and said the problems in the Middle East could not be solved by military superiority. In June 1981, Sweden condemned Israel's attack on the Osirak nuclear reactor in Iraq as a "clear violation of international law". In July 1982, after Israel's invasion of Lebanon, Prime Minister Olof Palme compared Israel's treatment of Palestinian children to Nazi Germany's treatment of Jewish children in the concentration camps and ghettos of World War II. In December 1988, PLO chairman Yasser Arafat visited Stockholm by invitation of the Swedish government. After two days of negotiations, Arafat announced that he would now accept Israel's right to exist and he denounced all forms of terrorism.
In October 1999, Swedish Prime Minister Göran Persson visited Israel, offering to broker the Middle East peace process. Persson's visit was the first official visit for a Swedish Prime Minister since Tage Erlander's visit in 1962.
In January 2004, Israel's ambassador to Sweden Zvi Mazel vandalized a piece of artwork by Swedish-Israeli artist Dror Feiler on display at the Swedish Museum of National Antiquities in Stockholm, presenting a portrait of Palestinian suicide bomber Hanadi Jaradat as "Snow White." Mazel's actions sparked a diplomatic incident between the two countries.
During the 2006 Lebanon War, Minister for Foreign Affairs Jan Eliasson condemned both the actions of Hezbollah and the Israeli response . During the Gaza War in January 2009, Minister for Foreign Affairs Carl Bildt criticised Israel and called for an immediate ceasefire 
In August 2009, a diplomatic row erupted after the publication of an article in the Swedish daily "Aftonbladet" that claimed the Israel Defense Forces had engaged in organ harvesting from dead Palestinians. Israel called on the Swedish government to condemn the article, which it described as a "manifestation of antisemitism" and a modern "blood libel". The Swedish government refused, citing freedom of the press and the country's constitution.
Commercial ties.
The Swedish clothing chain H&M opened its first store in Tel Aviv in 2010, followed by five more stores across the country. More stores are planned for the Gush Dan area.
Cultural ties.
The Sweden–Israel Friendship Association is a Swedish-based organization that works to promote cultural ties between Israel and Sweden. It was established in Stockholm in 1953, with local branches opening in Gothenburg and Malmö the following year. Today the association comprises 26 local branches with a membership of 3,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="21610143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610143" title="Israel–Switzerland relations">
Israel–Switzerland relations

Israel–Switzerland relations are foreign relations between Israel and Switzerland. Switzerland recognized Israel on January 25, 1949 and opened a consulate in Tel Aviv. Israel has an embassy in Bern. Since 1958, Switzerland has an embassy in Tel Aviv and an honorary consulate in Eilat.
History.
The First Zionist Congress was held in Basel in 1897, and 15 out of a total of 22 congresses were held in Switzerland. Before the establishment of the State of Israel, Switzerland maintained a consulate in Jerusalem and a consular agency in Tel Aviv. It recognized the new state in 1949 and opened a consulate in Tel Aviv, which was upgraded to an embassy in 1958. The Swiss community in Israel is the largest in the Asian region, totalling around 12,000 persons.
After escalation of the Middle East conflict, Switzerland halted arms sales and military cooperation with Israel from 2002 to 2005. Since 2004, there has been regular political dialogue between Switzerland and Israel.
Switzerland has represented Israel's interests in numerous countries (Hungary (1967–1989), Guinea (1967–1973), Ceylon/Sri Lanka (1970–1976), Madagascar (1973–1994), Liberia (1973–1983) and Ghana (1973–2002)). Conversely, it has represented the interests of Iran (1958–1987) and the Ivory Coast (1973–1986) in Israel. It also lobbied successfully for inclusion of Magen David Adom in the Red Cross and Red Crescent movement.
On 21 April 2009, Israel recalled its ambassador for consultations due to events that occurred at the UN anti-racism conference in Geneva, Switzerland. Israeli officials, angered by a meeting between Swiss President Hans-Rudolf Merz and the Iranian president, recalled its ambassador to Switzerland, Ilan Elgar "for consultations" amid ongoing controversy over an anti-racism conference being held in Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="21610174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610174" title="Hadranax">
Hadranax

Hadranax augustus is a xenusiid lobopod known from the lower Cambrian Sirius Passet "Lagerstätte".

</doc>
<doc id="21610180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610180" title="Lac Blanc">
Lac Blanc

Lac Blanc may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21610185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610185" title="Israel–Singapore relations">
Israel–Singapore relations

Israel–Singapore relations are foreign relations between Israel and Singapore. Both countries established diplomatic relations in May 1969. Israel has an embassy in Singapore. Singapore is represented in Israel by a non resident ambassador based in Singapore (in the Foreign Ministry) and through an honorary consulate in Tel Aviv.
The two nations enjoy an extensive security relationship, with Israeli and Singaporean arms industries engaging in joint development and a large level of military trade between the two countries.
Agreements.
In 2005, the two countries signed a pact to ease the flow of goods and investments between the two countries during a visit to Israel by Singaporean Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong with members of the Israeli Cabinet as well as meeting Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon.
Cooperation.
Business and trade.
In 1990, the Singapore-Israel Chamber of Commerce commenced operation.
Singapore-Israel trade totalled S$1.956 billion in 2013, a 24.6% jump year-on-year from 2012, according to figures from the Embassy of Israel in Singapore and IE Singapore. Singapore is a net importer from Israel, and Israel exports mostly electrical equipment to Singapore, while Singapore exports mostly machinery and computer equipment to Israel. 
Military.
In January 1968, before diplomatic relations were established, Singapore made an agreement to purchase 72 surplus AMX-13 tanks from Israel.By the 1980s, Singapore had acquired over 350 of these tanks. 
During the formative years of the Singapore Armed Forces in the late 1960s, Singapore sought advice and consultation from experienced militaries to form a credible military post-independence. Israel responded and provided doctrine and training development. Due to sensitivities in a Muslim-dominant region, Singapore kept the co-operation low-profile.
Over the years, Singapore and Israel enjoy close co-operation. Today, the two countries share military platforms, including early warning aircraft, anti-tank and anti-aircraft missile systems, aircraft and surveillance technologies.
Issue of Gaza.
Over a number of years, the Singaporean Government has expressed concern over Gaza Strip. In January 2009, the Singapore Foreign Ministry said of the Gaza War, "This is an extremely disturbing development," that "It can only exacerbate the already grave humanitarian situation." Following the ceasefire, Singapore Foreign Ministry called it a "positive development" but remained "deeply concerned over the humanitarian situation in Gaza and urge all sides to take urgent steps to address the situation".

</doc>
<doc id="21610193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610193" title="BNS Gomati">
BNS Gomati

BNS "Gomati" is an Island Class Offshore patrol vessel of the Bangladeshi Navy. She was built as Royal Navy Offshore Patrol Vessel, HMS "Anglesey" (P277).
History.
Launched on 18 October 1978, HMS "Anglesey" (P277) was delivered to the Royal Navy in 1979.
"Anglesey" was one of the first rescue vessels on the scene of the disastrous Fastnet Race of August 1979. She picked up seven survivors from the race, in which 15 died.
Paid off on 31 July 2003, "Anglesey" was sold to the Bangladesh Navy on 28 August 2003 and renamed "Gomati" on 9 September 2003. Four other ships of the same class were added to Bangladesh Navy's fleet in 2003/04 to protect the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in Bay of Bengal.
Career.
The island class patrol boats were built to enforce a fishing zone around the UK.
The "Gomati" is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL). About 100 personnel serve at "Gomati", which is categorized as Large Offshore Patrol Vessel in the Bangladesh Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="21610199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610199" title="Centawa">
Centawa

Centawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielnica, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Jemielnica, east of Strzelce Opolskie, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610202" title="Gąsiorowice">
Gąsiorowice

Gąsiorowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielnica, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jemielnica, north-east of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610207" title="Jemielnica">
Jemielnica

Jemielnica () is a village in Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jemielnica. It lies approximately north-east of Strzelce Opolskie and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 3,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610213" title="Łaziska, Opole Voivodeship">
Łaziska, Opole Voivodeship

Łaziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielnica, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Jemielnica, north-east of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610220" title="Piotrówka, Opole Voivodeship">
Piotrówka, Opole Voivodeship

Piotrówka , German Petersgrätz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielnica (Gemeinde Himmelwitz), within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in the south-western Polish region of Upper Silesia. It lies approximately north of Jemielnica/Himmelwitz, north-east of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II"). Since 2006 the village has been officially bilingual in German and Polish, a large German population having remained behind when Silesia was annexed by Poland after WWII.
The village has a population of 1,000.
History.
The village of Petersgrätz was founded in 1832 by 60 colonists from the nearby village of Friedrichsgrätz. The colonists were mainly members of the Unity of the Brethren (Hussites), and the town was named after their pastor, Peter Schikora, who was actively involved in the village's establishment. In 1841 a Protestant school opened, which was replaced by a new building in 1882, and in 1892 the first Protestant church was built.
In the Upper Silesia plebiscite of March 1921, 639 villagers voted to remain in Germany and 169 voted to join the newly created Second Polish Republic. As a result, Petersgrätz remained as a village of the Weimar Republic.
In 1945, the Red Army occupied the village and drove a large part of its population out. The town was first renamed Piotrogród, then later Piotrówka. The Protestant church was converted into a Catholic church, and in 1946 a separate parish was formed for the village.
In 2006 the village was declared bilingual in German and Polish, and in 2008 the original German name of Petersgrätz was again made official.
In the center of town there is a war memorial honoring the soldiers from Petersgrätz who died in WWII.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610225" title="Wierchlesie">
Wierchlesie

Wierchlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielnica, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jemielnica, north-east of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610232" title="BNS Sangu">
BNS Sangu

BNS "Sangu" is an Island Class Offshore patrol vessel of the Bangladeshi Navy, built as the Royal Navy Offshore Patrol Vessel, HMS "Guernsey" (P297).
History.
Built by Hall, Russell & Company, she was modelled on the ocean-going trawlers FPV Jura (1973) and FPV Westra (1974). She was launched as HMS "Guernsey" (P297) in 1977. 
She and HMS "Lindisfarne" were the last of their class to be sold to the Bangladesh Navy, on 29 January 2004, to protect the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in the Bay of Bengal.
Career.
The class of patrol boats was built to enforce a fishing zone around the UK, netting hundreds of thousands of pounds in fines.
The "Sangu" was commanded under the command of the Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL), but now it is commanded by Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla. About 100 personnel serve at "Sangu", which is categorized as Large Offshore Patrol Vessel in the Bangladesh Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="21610235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610235" title="Gordon P. Eaton">
Gordon P. Eaton

Gordon Pryor Eaton (born March 9, 1929) is an American geologist. Eaton was born in Dayton, Ohio. He currently resides in Reston, Virginia, with his wife, Virginia. They have two grown children. 
Life and career.
Dr. Eaton graduated from Wesleyan University, with high Honors, High Distinction and Phi Beta Kappa and Sigma Xi recognition, with a B.A. in Geology in 1951; received an M.S. in Geology from the California Institute of Technology in 1953; and a Ph.D. in Geology and Geophysics in 1957 from the California Institute of Technology. At Wesleyan he was a member of Delta Upsilon Fraternity. 
On March 24, 1994, Dr. Gordon P. Eaton became the 12th Director of the U.S. Geological Survey. From October 1990 to March 1994, he served as the Director of Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University in Palisades, New York. From 1986 to 1990, Dr. Eaton was President of the Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa. From 1967 to 1981, he held various positions with the U.S. Geological Survey, including Associate Chief Geologist, Reston, Virginia and Scientist-in-charge, Hawaiian Volcano Observatory, Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, Hawaii.
Dr. Eaton is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Geological Society of America, and the American Geophysical Union. He is listed in Who's Who in America, Who's Who in the Midwest, Who's Who in the World, Who's Who in Science and Engineering, and American Men and Women of Science. He was a member of committee on the formation of the National Biological Survey, National Research Council. He has also served on the Board on Earth Sciences and Resources and the Ocean Studies Board of the National Research Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="21610238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610238" title="Israel–Kenya relations">
Israel–Kenya relations

Israel–Kenya relations are foreign relations between Israel and Kenya. The countries established diplomatic relations in December 1963. Israel has an embassy in Nairobi. Kenya has an embassy in Tel Aviv.
History.
Early years.
Starting in 1903, under the British Uganda Programme territory in what was then Uganda, but is now part of Kenya, was offered as a Jewish homeland.
1962–75.
In January 1962, Kenyan politician Tom Mboya, Secretary-General of the Kenya African National Union, met with Israeli Histadrut Secretary General Aharon Becker. 
In December 1963 Golda Meir, then Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs, met with Kenyan Prime Minister Jomo Kenyatta. On that trip Meir and Kenyatta laid the cornerstone for the Israeli Embassy in Nairobi. Israel agreed to train Kenyans in agriculture and medicine in a program called "Mashav", in which trainees from Kenya were flown to Israel for study.
In 1973, diplomatic ties were severed following the Yom Kippur War.
1976–86.
In 1976, during Operation Entebbe Kenyan government official Bruce McKenzie persuaded Kenyan President Jomo Kenyatta to permit Israeli Mossad agents to gather information prior to the hostage rescue operation in Uganda, and to allow Israeli Air Force aircraft to land and refuel at a Nairobi airport after the rescue. In retaliation, Ugandan President Idi Amin ordered Ugandan agents to assassinate McKenzie, who was killed when a bomb attached to his plane exploded. Later, Mossad Chief Director Meir Amit had a forest planted in Israel in McKenzie’s name. 
In 1979, Abdalla Mwidau, the representative of Mombasa-South in the Kenyan parliament, conducted an information campaign among Muslims in the USA, in which he praised Israel's assistance to developing African countries and specifically its assistance to Muslim education in Kenya. His political rivals, led by Sharif Kassir, denounced these activities, calling Mwidau a "Zionist agent".
1987–2001.
Renewed diplomatic ties were discussed in 1987 with the Kenyan President Daniel Moi by Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, and were re-initiated in 1988. In 1989 Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens visited Kenya to sign a cooperation pact.
The Kibwezi irrigation project of 1991 was a joint effort between the two countries. In 1996 it consisted of 40 hectares of experimental irrigation farm in the Yatta plateau.
2002–present.
During the 2002 Mombasa attacks, suicide-bomber terrorists struck the entrance of the Israeli-owned Paradise Hotel. Fifteen people were killed, three of them Israelis, when a car bomb exploded outside the lobby of the hotel. Terrorists also fired two hand-held rockets at an Israeli airliner, which had just lifted off from Moi International Airport in Mombassa with 264 passengers on board. Israel then evacuated its citizens from Kenya.
In 2003, Kenya requested Israel's help in developing a national solar energy strategy. Roads, Public Works and Housing Minister Raila Odinga said: "Israel has a Solar Energy Standards Committee dealing with the setting up of solar energy equipment around the world and we need their help in setting up such equipment in Kenya." While speaking during an audience with the new Israeli Ambassador to Kenya, Emmanuel Seri, Raila also reiterated the need to enhance the existing economic ties between the two countries and asked Israel to provide more development aid and to help Kenya draw up and execute an effective national disaster management scheme. Seri told the Kenyan minister that his government intended to enhance the existing economic ties, saying "e want to enhance our trade relations with Kenya so that more Kenyans can visit Israel and do business."
In 2006, Israel sent a search-and-rescue team to Kenya when a building collapsed. Eighty disaster and medical relief people left Tel Aviv for Nairobi, where people were trapped in rubble when a multistory building collapsed.
Following the Kenyan presidential election, 2007, there was rioting, and Israel came to the aid of Kenyans by donating medicine to the Moi Teaching and Referral Hospital in Eldoret.
In 2010, Kenya began seeking the purchase of Israeli weapons, likely to include counterinsurgency systems and unmanned aerial vehicles for border surveillance. In 2011, the two countries signed a treaty to cooperate in fighting against terrorism, money laundering, and other crime.
In 2013, Israel sent troops to give assistance to Kenyan forces fighting Somali Islamist terrorists who attacked the Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi. Israeli agencies helped Kenya investigate the attack, which killed at least 72 people.
Trade relations.
Between 1970 and 1973, Israeli exports to Kenya were in the range of $2.8–4.2 million. Kenyan exports to Israel over the same period were in the range of $1.0–1.7 million. By 2011, according to figures released by Kenyan trade minister Ali Mwakwere, trade between the two nations had grown to $150 million, with Israel exporting finished goods such as agricultural machinery, irrigation equipment and medicine to Kenya and Kenya exporting primary products such as food products and materials to Israel. Trade between the two countries was $139 million in 2012, 8.0 percent of Israel's trade with Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21610239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610239" title="2005–06 Queensland Roar FC season">
2005–06 Queensland Roar FC season

The 2005–06 Queensland Roar season would mark the first season for both the Queensland Roar and the Hyundai A-League. The Roar were accepted by the Football Federation Australia to take part as the sole representative for Queensland, beating other nominee Brisbane Strikers, who took part in the defunct NSL. The Queensland Roar were however a club before the nomination process, playing in the Brisbane Premier League under the alias Queensland Lions.
2005–06 season.
The Queensland Roar made their A-League debut against the now-defunct New Zealand Knights, in a 2–0 win in front of over twenty thousand fans at their home ground of Suncorp Stadium. Unfortunately, the Roar were mediocre in the next rounds and after a series of draws and losses would not record their next win until Round 6 against the Newcastle Jets. The rest of the 2005–06 season would follow in a similar fashion as after 21 rounds of the regular season the Roar finished with seven wins, seven draws and seven losses, placing them sixth on the ladder from eight teams.
It has been said the Roars first season in the inaugural A-League was more successful off-field than on.
The club was the first to have 100,000 spectators pass through the gates and overall had the second highest attendance for the season (148,609) and despite failing to qualify for the finals, the club's home attendance was the second highest in the opening season (average 14,860 a game). Despite the clubs average win-loss record the club had a number of highlights throughout the year, notably the season's equal highest scoring win (5–0 over the Newcastle Jets in Round 20) and striker Alex Brosque being one of four A-League players awarded the Reebok Golden Boot Award for Top Scorer of the Year with 8 goals.
Inaugural A-League squad.
Season 2005–06 results.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
Round 18
Round 19
Round 20
Round 21

</doc>
<doc id="21610244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610244" title="Ribbon synapse">
Ribbon synapse

The ribbon synapse is a type of neuronal synapse which is characterized by unique mechanisms of multivesicular release and calcium channel positioning which promote rapid neurotransmitter release and signal transmission. Ribbon synapses undergo an ongoing cycle of exocytosis and endocytosis in response to graded changes of membrane potential.
These unique features specialize the ribbon synapse to enable extremely fast, precise and sustained neurotransmissions, which are critical for the perception of complex senses such as vision and hearing. Ribbon synapses are found in retinal photoreceptor cells, vestibular organ receptors, cochlear hair cells and retinal bipolar cells.
The synaptic ribbon is a unique structure at the synapse's active zone. It hovers several nanometers above the pre-synaptic membrane and tethers 100 or more synaptic vesicles. Each pre-synaptic cell can have from 10 to 100 ribbons tethered to it raising the total count to 1000-10000 vesicles.
Function.
Features of the ribbon synapse enable it to process information extremely quickly. Bipolar neurons present a good model for how ribbon synapses function.
In photoreceptor and bipolar cells information is transferred via the release of the neurotransmitter glutamate at the ribbon synapse. Conventional neurons encode information by changes in the rate of action potentials, but for complex senses like vision, this is not sufficient. Ribbon synapses enable neurons to transmit light signals over a dynamic range of several orders of magnitude in intensity. This is achieved by encoding changes in tonic rate of transmitter release which requires the release of several hundred to several thousand synaptic vesicles per second.
To accomplish this level of performance, the sensory neurons of the eye maintain large pools of fast releasable vesicles that are equipped with ribbon synapses. This enables the cell to exocytose hundreds of vesicles per second, greatly exceeding the rate of normal neurons without the specialized ribbon synapse.
The current hypothesis of calcium-dependent exocytosis at retinal ribbon synapses suggests that the ribbon accommodates a reservoir of primed releasable vesicles. The vesicles that are in closest contact with the presynaptic plasma membrane at the ribbon base constitute the small, rapidly releasable pool of vesicles, whereas the remaining vesicles tethered to the ribbon constitute the large, readily (slower) releasable pool. These regularly aligned rows of synaptic vesicles tethered to either side of the ribbon along with the expression of the kinesin motor protein KIF3A at retinal ribbon synapses can move vesicles like a conveyor belt to the docking/release site at the ribbon base.
Structure.
Microscopic structure.
The photoreceptor ribbon synapse is around 30 nm in thickness. It sticks out into the cytoplasm around 200-1000 nm and anchors along its base to the arciform density which is an electron dense structure that is anchored to the presynaptic membrane. The arciform density is located within the synaptic ridge, a small evagination of the presynaptic membrane. Hair cells lack an arciform density so the anchor of this ribbon is considered to be invisible by electron microscope. The ribbon’s surface has small particles that are around 5 nm wide where the synaptic vesicles tether densely via fine protein filaments. There are multiple filaments per vesicle. There are also voltage gated L-type calcium channels on the docking sites of the ribbon synapse which trigger neurotransmitter release. Specifically, ribbon synapses contain specialized organelles called synaptic ribbons, which are large presynaptic structures associated in the active zone. They are thought to fine tune the synaptic vesicle cycle. Synaptic ribbons are in close proximity to synaptic vesicles, which, in turn, are close to the presynaptic neurotransmitter release site via the ribbon.
Postsynaptic structures differ for cochlear cells and photoreceptor cells. Hair cells allow for one vesicle release for one action potential propagation. The hair cells supply one vesicle release onto the postsynaptic bouton, which is enough to create an action potential in auditory afferent cells. Photoreceptors allow one vesicle release for many action potential propagation. The rod terminal and cone ribbon synapse of the photoreceptors have horizontal synaptic spines expressing AMPA receptors with additional bipolar dendrites exhibiting the mGluR6 receptors. These structures allow for the binding of multiple molecules of glutamate, allowing for the propagation of many action potentials.
Molecular structure.
Different protein components of the synaptic ribbon have been identified. Several proteins of the synaptic ribbon have also been found to be associated with conventional synapses. RIM (Rab3-interacting proteins) is a GTPase expressed on synaptic vesicles that is important in priming synaptic vesicles. Immunostaining has revealed the presence of KIF3A, a component of the kinesin II motor complex whose function is still unknown. The presynaptic cytomatrix proteins Bassoon and Piccolo are both expressed at photoreceptor ribbons, but Piccolo is only expressed at retinal bipolar synaptic ribbons. Bassoon is responsible for attaching itself to the base of the synaptic ribbons and subsequently anchoring the synaptic ribbons. The function of Piccolo is unknown. Also important is the filaments that tether the vesicles to the ribbon synapse. These are shed during high rates of exocytosis. The only unique protein associated with the synaptic ribbon is RIBEYE. It is found to be a part of all vertebrate synaptic ribbons in ribbon synapses and is the central portion of ribbon synapses.
Structural plasticity.
In correspondence to its activity, ribbon synapses can have synaptic ribbons that vary in size. In mouse photoreceptor synapses when the neurotransmitter release rate is high and exocytosis is high, the synaptic ribbons are long. When neurotransmitter release rate is low and exocytosis is low, the synaptic ribbons are short. This has been identified with RIBEYE with the current hypothesis being that synaptic ribbons can enlarge by the addition of more RIBEYE subunit. RIBEYE interactions are required to form a scaffold formation protein of the synaptic ribbon.
Mechanism.
Exocytosis.
During exocytosis at the bipolar ribbon synapse, vesicles are seen to pause at the membrane and then upon opening of the calcium channels to promptly release their contents within milliseconds. Like most exocytosis, Ca2+ regulates the release of vesicles from the presynaptic membrane. Different types of ribbon synapses have different dependence on Ca2+ releases. The hair cell ribbon synapses exhibit a steep dependence on Ca2+ concentration, while the photoreceptor synapses is less steeply dependent on Ca2+ and is stimulated by much lower levels of free Ca2+. Exocytosis in the ribbon synapse shows that the vesicle fully collapses into the plasma membrane. This means that the synaptic vesicle fuses with the presynaptic membrane and releases its contents into the synapse.
The bipolar cell active zone of the ribbon synapse can release neurotransmitter continuously for hundreds of milliseconds during strong stimulation. This release of neurotransmitters occurs in two kinetically distinct phases: a small fast pool where about twenty percent of the total is released in about 1 millisecond, and a large sustained pool where the remaining components are released over hundreds of milliseconds. The existence of correspondence between the pool of tethered vesicles and the pool for sustained release in the rods and bipolar cells of the ribbon reveals that the ribbon may serve as a platform where the vesicles can be primed to allow sustained release of neurotransmitters. This large size of the sustained large component is what separates the ribbon synapse active zones from those of conventional neurons where sustained release is small in comparison. Once the presynaptic vesicles have been depleted, the bipolar cell’s releasable pool requires several seconds to refill with the help of ATP hydrolysis.
Endocytosis.
A high amount of endocytosis is necessary due to the large amount of exocytosis during continued neurotransmitter release in ribbon synapses. Synaptic vesicles need to be recycled for further transmission to occur. These vesicles are directly recycled and because of their mobility, quickly replenish the neurotransmitters required for continued release. 
In cone photoreceptors, the fused membrane is recycled into the synaptic vesicle without pooling of the membrane into the endosomes. Bipolar cells rely on a different mechanism. It involves taking a large portion of the membrane which is endocytosed and gives rise to synaptic vesicles. This mechanism is conserved in hair cells as well.
Current studies in ribbon synapse associated abnormalities.
Loss of hearing and sight in mice.
Research has shown that abnormal expression of otoferlin, a ribbon synapse associated protein, is responsible for the impairment in exocytosis of ribbon-bound vesicles in auditory inner hair cells. Otoferlin has displays similar functional characteristics as synaptotagmin in auditory inner hair cells, and impaired hearing has been shown to be associated with incorrect expression of otoferlin in and mice.
In studies of retinal genetic coding of laboratory mice, several mutated ribbon synapse associated voltage-gated L-type calcium channel auxiliary subunits were shown to be associated with dysfunctional rod and cone activity and information transmission. Mice were shown to express significantly reduced scotopic vision, and further research has shown the dysregulation of calcium homeostasis may have a significant role in rod photoreceptor degradation and death.
Human implications.
Much of the genetic information associated with the proteins observed in laboratory mice are shared with humans. The protein otoferlin is observed phenotypically in human auditory inner hair cells, and abnormal expression has been linked with deafness. In humans, cochlear implants have shown to reduce the debilitating effects of abnormal otoferlin expression by surpassing the synapse associated with the auditory inner hair cells. 
The genetic code for retinal subunits associated with impaired scotopic vision and rod photoreceptor degradation are conserved at approximately 93% between mice and humans. Further research into the abnormal functioning of these mechanisms could open the door to therapeutic techniques to relieve auditory and visual impairments.
Other areas of investigation.
Several recent studies have provided evidence that loss-of-function mutations in pre-synaptic proteins of the photoreceptor cells ribbon synapse can cause X-linked congenital stationary night blindness (CSNB) through mutations in the CACNA1F gene, which codes for the αF1-subunit of the L-type calcium channel Cav1.4. The gene is expressed at the active zone of photoreceptor ribbon synapses. The mutation is characterized by a significant reduction in both night and variable perturbation of daylight vision. The mutations in CACNA1F and Cav1.4 have also been observed to co-localize with CaBP4, a photoreceptor-specific calcium-binding protein. CaBP4 has been theorized to modulate the activity of the Cav1.4 channel. It has been theorized to be associated with the proper establishment and maintenance of photoreceptor ribbon synapses. While no evidence has been published, the association between CaBP4 and Cav1.4 is an area of continued research.
There has been a significant amount of research into the pre-synaptic cytomatrix protein Bassoon, which is a multi-domain scaffolding protein universally expressed at synapses in the central nervous system. Mutations in Bassoon have been shown to result in decreased synaptic transmission. However, the underlying mechanisms behind this observed phenomenon are not fully understood and are currently being investigated. It has been observed that in the retina of Bassoon-mutant mice, photoreceptor ribbon synapses are not anchored to pre-synaptic active zones during photoreceptor synaptogenesis. The photoreceptor ribbon synapses are observed to be free floating in the cytoplasm of the photoreceptor terminals. These observations have led to the conclusion that Bassoon plays a critical role in the formation of the photoreceptor ribbon synapse.

</doc>
<doc id="21610246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610246" title="Telegrame">
Telegrame

Telegrame is a 1959 Romanian comedy film directed by Aurel Miheles and Gheorghe Naghi. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21610268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610268" title="Fred Kommers">
Fred Kommers

Frederick Raymond Kommers (March 31, 1886 – June 14, 1943) nicknamed "Bugs", was a professional baseball outfielder. Kommers played two seasons in the Major League Baseball. He debuted in June for the Pittsburgh Pirates and played 40 games for them over the rest of the season. In , he split the season between two teams in the new Federal League, starting the year with the St. Louis Terriers and ending it with the Baltimore Terrapins.

</doc>
<doc id="21610273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610273" title="Israel–Nigeria relations">
Israel–Nigeria relations

Israel–Nigeria relations refers to the bilateral diplomatic, cultural and economic relations between Israel and Nigeria. The Nigerian ambassador to Israel is David Oladipo Obasa.
History.
Israel and Nigeria established diplomatic relations in 1960.
During the 1960s and early 1970s, Israel played a significant role in the development of Sub-Saharan Africa, including Nigeria. Hundreds of Israeli experts and volunteers were sent to help in the development and modernization of agriculture, education, medicine and technology training, and hundreds of Nigerian farmers, experts, educators, academicians, students, doctors, community workers and engineers were trained in Israel.
After the Yom Kippur War in 1973, Nigeria severed diplomatic ties with Israel. Diplomatic relations were restored in September 1992. Since April 1993, Israel has maintained an embassy in Abuja and Nigeria has an embassy in Tel Aviv. Over fifty Israeli companies operate in Nigeria in the spheres of construction, infrastructure, hi-tech, communications and IT, agriculture and water management. Trade and commerce are promoted by the Israeli Export and International Cooperation Institute, the Nigerian-Israeli Chamber of Commerce (NICC) and the Israel-Africa Chamber of Commerce.
In 2006, a Nigerian-Israeli Business Forum was inaugurated in Abuja. That year, the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of both countries signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) in which Israel and Nigeria agreed to consult on issues of bilateral relations and other regional and international issues of mutual interest. The first round of consultations took place in Jerusalem in November 2006.
In 2013, President Goodluck Jonathan became the first Nigerian President to visit the State of Israel. He had gone on a pilgrimage and signed bilateral air service agreements with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. 
According to the Nigerian ambassador to Israel, Solel Boneh, an Israeli construction company, is a household word in parts of Nigeria.
In June 2014 during the kidnapping of Israeli teens, before they were found murdered, Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan wrote to Israel's Netanyahu: "... I assure you that we are in solidarity with you, as we believe that any act of terrorism against any nation or group is an act against our common humanity. We unequivocally condemn this dastardly act, and demand that the children are released unconditionally by their abductors."

</doc>
<doc id="21610286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610286" title="Shadows in Paradise">
Shadows in Paradise

Shadows in Paradise () is a 1986 Finnish art house comedy-drama film written and directed by Aki Kaurismäki. The film stars Kati Outinen as Ilona and Matti Pellonpää as Nikander. Ilona is a supermarket check-out clerk who meets Nikander, a lonely garbage man, and they develop romantic feelings towards each other. Both of them are extremely shy so this hinders fast development of their relationship. 
"Shadows in Paradise" was awarded the Best Film award at the 1987 Jussi Awards.
This is the first film in Kaurismäki's Proletariat Trilogy ("Shadows in Paradise", "Ariel", and "The Match Factory Girl"). The trilogy has been released on Region One DVD by Criterion, in their Eclipse box-sets, and on region-free Blu-ray discs by Future Film in Scandinavia.

</doc>
<doc id="21610309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610309" title="Ireland–Zambia relations">
Ireland–Zambia relations

Ireland–Zambia relations are foreign relations between Ireland and Zambia. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1965. Ireland has an embassy in Lusaka. Zambia is represented in Ireland through the Zambian High Commission in London (United Kingdom).
Irish aid.
In 2006, the Irish government gave about USD3 million in aid to fight HIV/AIDS and support orphaned children.

</doc>
<doc id="21610313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610313" title="Greg Penny">
Greg Penny

Greg Penny (born October 12, 1955 in Hollywood, California) is an American record producer, recording engineer, mixing engineer, musician, songwriter and artist best known for his work as a producer for Elton John and k.d. lang. He is currently the president of Flower Records and partner at Siwa Productions, Tokyo.
Career.
The son of pop singer Sue Thompson and country musician Hank Penny, Penny was familiar with recording studios from a young age. In 1989, Penny recorded, mixed and produced k.d. lang's Grammy-winning album "Absolute Torch and Twang". Penny and k.d. lang collaborated again in 1992 with "Ingénue", which won the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. 
In 1993, Penny produced the first track from Elton John's "Duets", which featured vocals by k.d. lang and strings by Arif Mardin. In 1994, Penny produced Elton John's next studio album "Made in England", collaborating with lyricist Bernie Taupin, arranger Paul Buckmaster, and Sir George Martin, who wrote the string and horn section for the song "Latitude".
In 2000, Penny produced "Poperetta @ St. Tropez", an electro-pop album he recorded in France with his wife Katia Lempkowicz. Penny was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2006 for his surround sound mix of Elton John's "Honky Château". He is the president of Flower Records, producing records by Twin Trip and Poperetta.

</doc>
<doc id="21610317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610317" title="Gheorghe Naghi">
Gheorghe Naghi

Gheorghe Naghi (born 18 August 1932) is a Romanian film director and actor. He directed 25 films between 1955 and 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21610369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610369" title="Central Socialista de Trabajadores">
Central Socialista de Trabajadores

The Workers' Socialist Centre (, CST) is a federation of labor unions in Venezuela that was founded in August 2008, representing 1,280,000 affiliated workers.

</doc>
<doc id="21610373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610373" title="Spórok">
Spórok

Spórok () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolonowskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Kolonowskie, north of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II"). Since November 2008 Spórok has also officially gone by its pre-war German name of "Carmerau".
The village has a population of 667. It is the smallest village in the gmina.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610379" title="Staniszcze Małe">
Staniszcze Małe

Staniszcze Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolonowskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Kolonowskie, north of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610388" title="Dean Parrett">
Dean Parrett

Dean Gary Parrett (born 16 November 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stevenage. He has played in the Football League for several clubs and represented England from under-16 to under-20 level.
Career.
Tottenham Hotspur.
Born in Hampstead, London, Parrett signed for the Tottenham Hotspur Academy from Queens Park Rangers in February 2007. He made his first team debut for Tottenham in a UEFA Cup match against Shakhtar Donetsk on 19 February 2009. He joined League Two team Aldershot Town on a month's loan on 17 September. Aldershot enquired for an extension but instead Parrett returned to Spurs on 23 October after playing four games. He signed a new three-year contract at White Hart Lane in August 2010, before joining Plymouth Argyle on loan until the end of the 2010–11 season. He scored his first career goal whilst at Plymouth in a 3–1 win over Bristol Rovers. On 10 November 2010, it was mutually agreed between Tottenham and Argyle that Parrett's loan be cut short and he returned to Tottenham.
In March 2011, Parrett signed for League One side Charlton Athletic on loan until the end of the 2010–11 season. He scored once for Charlton in a 3–1 win over Rochdale.
On 13 January 2012, Parrett signed on loan with Yeovil Town for one month, which was extended until the end of the season on 8 February 2012, and he scored in the 3–2 win over Colchester United on 18 February 2012.
On 28 March 2013, Parrett sign to Swindon Town on loan along with fellow Spurs trainees Nathan Byrne and Massimo Luongo. The very next day he went straight into the squad to face Oldham and play the full 90 minutes in a 1–1 result.
Swindon terminated the loan abruptly on 11 April 2013 with Manager, Kevin MacDonald unwilling to explain the reason publically.
Parrett returned to Tottenham and was subsequently released by the club in June 2013.
Stevenage.
On 17 October 2013 Stevenage signed Parrett who was a free agent till the end of the 2013–14 season. On 12 May 2014, Parrett signed a new contract extension at the club.

</doc>
<doc id="21610389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610389" title="REL (disambiguation)">
REL (disambiguation)

REL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21610390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610390" title="Staniszcze Wielkie">
Staniszcze Wielkie

Staniszcze Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolonowskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Kolonowskie, north of Strzelce Opolskie, and east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,169.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21610443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610443" title="Joe Dolan (baseball)">
Joe Dolan (baseball)

Joseph "Joe" Dolan (February 24, 1873 – March 24, 1938) was an American professional baseball player who played 323 games over a five season major league career.
He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and died at the age of 65 in Omaha, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="21610460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610460" title="CHANT (ship type)">
CHANT (ship type)

A CHANT (from "Chan"nel "T"anker) was a type of prefabricated coastal tanker which was built in the United Kingdom during the Second World War due to a perceived need for coastal tankers after the invasion of France. Some CHANTs were adapted to carry dry cargos. These were known as the Empire F type coasters.
Although five CHANTs were lost during the war, the majority of the ships saw service post war, lasting into the 1990s.
Design.
The CHANT was developed with experience gained by building the Tug, Inshore and Dock (TID). As with the TIDs, CHANTs were built from prefabricated sections which were manufactured at various factories across the United Kingdom. A total of twenty-eight sections made up into a ship. The largest sections weighed thirteen tons which enabled them to be delivered by road. To simplify construction, they were built without compound curves. All plates being either flat or curved in one direction only, with the exception of the skeg at the stern. All joints were welded, with the final being left unwelded at the factory to enable final adjustment at joints when the ship was assembled by the shipyard.
CHANTs were designed with a flat bottom to enable them to ground on beaches. A double hull was used to minimise any chance of leakage. Each CHANT had four sub-divided tanks and was fitted with two derricks and winches. They were not the most stable of ships, and needed to carry plenty of ballast. CHANTs were assembled at five different shipyards, and launched between February and May 1944.
Some cargo version (Empire-F type) were built with a "Chant" prefix name which add some confusion about the real type of vessel (i.e.CHANT 41, CHANT 14, CHANT 39, and CHANT 49 were all Empire-F type despite their initial names.
Builders.
H Scarr, Hessle.
Henry Scarr Ltd, Hessle, Yorkshire built twelve CHANTs. They were named "CHANT 1" to "CHANT 12" inclusive. A further twelve ships were completed as "Empire F type" coasters.
Goole Shipbuilding & Repairing.
Goole Shipbuilding & Repairing Co Ltd, Goole, Yorkshire built nine CHANTs. They were named "CHANT 22" to "CHANT 28", "CHANT 50" and "CHANT 51". A further thirteen ships were completed as "Empire F type" coasters.
Furness Shipbuilding, Haverton Hill-on-Tees.
Furness Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees, Co Durham built sixteen CHANTs. They were named "CHANT 42" to "CHANT 45" and "CHANT 52" to "CHANT 65".
J Readhead & Sons, South Shields.
J Readhead & Sons Ltd, South Shields, Co Durham built only two CHANTs; "CHANT 60" and "CHANT 61".
Burntisland Shipbuilding.
Burntisland Shipbuilding Company Ltd, Burntisland, Fife built four CHANTS; "CHANT 66" to "CHANT 69".
Empire F type coasters.
The "Empire F" type coasters were a dry cargo version of the CHANT tankers. Due to the success of Operation Pluto, which put a fuel pipeline between the English and French coasts, the demand for CHANTs was not as high as had been thought initially. Although of the same dimensions as the CHANTS, the "Empire F"s were 410-411 GRT and 460 DWT. They were driven by diesel engines of and could make . A total of twenty five were built. They were renamed with the prefix "Fabric" instead of "CHANT" while still under construction. All were renamed again before launch, carrying the "Empire" prefix and had a suffix beginning with "F". They were built by H Scarr Ltd, Hessle and Goole Shibuilding & Engineering Ltd, Goole.
Built by H Scarr.
The twelve "Empire F" type coasters were originally to have been named CHANT 14 to CHANT 17, CHANT 20, CHANT 21, and CHANT 46 to CHANT 49. Renamed with the prefix "Empire", they served as "Empire Fabric", "Empire Fabian", "Empire Fable", "Empire Farringdon", "Empire Fanfare", "Empire Faversham", "Empire Facility", "Empire Faraway", "Empire Fanal", "Empire Fastness", "Empire Farrier" and "Empire Fathom".
Built by Goole Shipbuilding.
The thirteen "Empire F" type coasters built at Goole were originally to have been CHANT 29 to CHANT 41. They were renamed with the prefix "Empire". They became "Empire Factor", "Empire Fairhaven", "Empire Favourite", "Empire Fashion", "Empire Fans", "Empire Farnham", "Empire Farouche", "Empire Farringay", "Empire Farjeon", "Empire Facet", "Empire Fang", "Empire Fairplay" and "Empire Fairway".
D-Day.
CHANTs were built to provide supplies of fuel to the Allied Forces in the aftermath of D-Day. Three CHANTs capsized during June 1944 and it was decided to use the Gooseberrys until stability tests had been carried out. "CHANT 23" was disabled by a shell in her engine room but continued to refuel other ships. "CHANT 26" was driven ashore on a large wave and ended up in a field having passed through a hedge. After discharging her cargo she was dragged back to the beach, refloated and towed back to the UK.
Last in service.
The MV "Fermont" (ex "CHANT 49"), which ran aground in 1991 was the last EMPIRE F type vessel in commercial service.
"CHANT 28", which had been sold to the French Government in 1946 was still in service at Le Havre, France in 1981, her name never having been changed. She was scrapped in 1986.
The "Succes III" (ex "CHANT 12"), in Rotterdam was probably the very last Chant vessel in service in June 2002. She was scrapped in 2007 in Ghent, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="21610464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610464" title="Minuscule 225">
Minuscule 225

Minuscule 225 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1210 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1192. It was adapted for liturgical use.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 171 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 29 lines per page.
It contains pictures, lectionary markings at the margin, lessons, synaxaria, and Menologion. 
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed after John 7:36.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. According to Hermann von Soden it represents the Antiocheian commentated text. Kurt Aland did not placed it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has mixed Byzantine text in Luke 1. In Luke 10 and Luke 20 it belongs to the textual group 1167.
In Matthew 6:13 it has an unusual ending of the Lord's Prayer: 
ὅτι σοῦ ἐστιν ἡ βασιλεία καὶ ἡ δύναμις καὶ ἡ δόξα, τοῦ πατρὸς καὶ τοῦ υἱοῦ καὶ τοῦ ἁγίου πνεύματος εἰς τοὺς αἰῶνας. ἀμήν ("For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit for ever. Amen.")
This ending have only two other manuscripts: 157 and 418.
In John 8:10 it reads Ιησους ειδεν αυτην και along with Codex Nanianus, Codex Tischendorfianus III, "f"13, 700, 1077, 1443, Lectionary 185mg, Ethiopic mss. Majority of the manuscripts read: Ιησους και μηδενα θεασαμενος πλην της γυναικος or: Ιησους.
History.
The manuscript was examined by Treschow and Alter. Alter used it in his edition of the Greek text of the New Testament. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1887.
Formerly it was held at Vienna at the Imperial Library (Suppl. Gr. 102). 
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Nazionale (Cod. Neapol. ex Vind. 9), at Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="21610483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610483" title="NASA Orbital Debris Observatory">
NASA Orbital Debris Observatory

NASA Orbital Debris Observatory (NODO) was an astronomical observatory located in the Lincoln National Forest near Cloudcroft, New Mexico approximately northeast of Alamagordo. From 1995 to 2002 it hosted two telescopes funded and operated by NASA that were dedicated to detecting orbital debris. The facility was initially called the Cloudcroft Electro-Optical Research Facility when it was completed in 1962, and was also known as the Cloudcroft Observatory. It is now privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="21610505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610505" title="Dave Regis">
Dave Regis

David R. "Dave" Regis (born 3 March 1964) is a retired English professional footballer. He is now the Education & Welfare Officer at Charlton Athletic's Academy.
Career.
Playing career.
Regis was born in Paddington, London. He began his playing career in non-league football with clubs including Dunstable Town, Fisher Athletic, Windsor & Eton and Barnet. Barnet sold him for a fee of £25,000 to Notts County, where he began his professional career at the age of 26. His was relatively prolific during his season with the Nottingham club in 1990–91, scoring 15 league goals and featuring in almost every league game, playing a key role in their successful promotion challenge. He returned to the club on loan from Barnsley in 1997, where he made a small contribution to their championship winning side that season.
He also played professionally for Plymouth Argyle, Bournemouth, Stoke City (two seasons), Birmingham City, Southend United, Barnsley (where he was a member of the squad promoted to the Premier League), Peterborough United, Leyton Orient, Lincoln City and Scunthorpe United, where he finished his professional career in 1998, having made 231 league appearances. He later played non-league football for Wivenhoe Town in Essex, whereupon he stopped playing altogether in late-1998.
After football.
Regis has been a football consultant and youth coach at Notts County and Nottingham Forest academies.
Personal life.
Regis is the younger brother of footballer Cyrille Regis, the cousin of sprinter John Regis, and the uncle of footballer Jason Roberts.

</doc>
<doc id="21610607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610607" title="Hijab by country">
Hijab by country

The hijab refers to both the head-covering traditionally worn by some Muslim women and modest Islamic styles of dress in general.
The garment has different legal and cultural statuses in various countries. There are countries, including France (since 2004), which have banned the wearing of all overt religious symbols, including the hijab (a Muslim headscarf, literally Arabic "to cover"), in public schools and universities or government buildings.
Tunisia (since 1981, lifted in 2011) and Turkey (since 1997,) are the only Muslim-majority countries which have banned the hijab in public schools and universities or government buildings, whilst Syria banned face veils in universities from July 2010. This ban was lifted during the 2011 Syrian uprising. In other Muslim states such as Morocco, there has been some restriction or discrimination against women who wear the hijab. The hijab in these cases is seen as a sign of political Islam or fundamentalism against secular government.
Islamic dress, notably the variety of headdresses worn by Muslim women, has become a prominent symbol of the presence of Islam in western Europe. In several countries this adherence to "hijab" has led to political controversies and proposals for a legal ban. The Dutch parliament has decided to introduce a ban on face-covering clothing, popularly described as the "burqa ban", although it does not only apply to the Afghan-model "burqa". Similar laws have been passed in France and Belgium.
Other countries are debating similar legislation, or have more limited prohibitions. Some of them apply only to face-covering clothing such as the "burqa", "boushiya", or "niqāb"; some apply to any clothing with an Islamic religious symbolism such as the "khimar", a type of headscarf. (Some countries already have laws banning the wearing of masks in public, which can be applied to veils that conceal the face). The issue has different names in different countries, and "the veil" or ""hijab"" may be used as general terms for the debate, representing more than just the veil itself, or the concept of modesty embodied in "hijab".
Although the Balkans and Eastern Europe have indigenous Muslim populations, most Muslims in western Europe are members of immigrant communities. The issue of Islamic dress is linked with issues of immigration and the position of Islam in Western Europe.
Europe.
European Commissioner Franco Frattini said in November 2006, that he did not favour a ban on the burqa. This is apparently the first official statement on the issue of prohibition of Islamic dress from the European Commission, the executive of the European Union.
The reasons given for prohibition vary. Legal bans on face-covering clothing are often justified on security grounds, as an anti-terrorism measure.
The former Muslim and now feminist atheist, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, sees Islam as incompatible with Western values, at least in its present form. She advocates the values of 'Enlightenment liberalism', including secularism and equality of women. For her, the burqa or chador are both a symbol of religious obscurantism and the oppression of women. Western Enlightenment values, in her view, require prohibition, regardless of whether a woman has freely chosen Islamic dress.
On the other hand, a French Muslim, when asked about her hijab by journalists and how it is not proportionate with her level of intellect and education, she replied,"Man in early times was almost naked, and as his intellect evolved he started wearing clothes. What I am today and what I’m wearing represents the highest level of thought and civilization that man has achieved, and is not regressive. It’s the removal of clothes again that is regressive back to ancient times."
Islamic dress is also seen as a symbol of the existence of parallel societies, and the failure of integration: in 2006 British Prime Minister Tony Blair described it as a "mark of separation". Visible symbols of a non-Christian culture conflict with the national identity in European states, which assumes a shared (non-religious) culture. Proposals for a ban may be linked to other related cultural prohibitions: the Dutch politician Geert Wilders proposed a ban on Hijab, on Islamic schools, on new mosques, and on non-western immigration.
In France and Turkey, the emphasis is on the secular nature of the state, and the symbolic nature of the Islamic dress, and bans apply at state institutions (courts, civil service) and in state-funded education. These bans also cover Islamic headscarves, which in some other countries are seen as less controversial, although law court staff in the Netherlands are also forbidden to wear Islamic headscarves on grounds of 'state neutrality'.
An apparently less politicised argument is that in specific professions (teaching), a ban on "veils" (niqab) is justified, since face-to-face communication and eye contact is required. This argument has featured prominently in judgments in Britain and the Netherlands, after students or teachers were banned from wearing face-covering clothing.
Public and political response to such prohibition proposals is complex, since by definition they mean that the government decides on individual clothing. Some non-Muslims, who would not be affected by a ban, see it as an issue of civil liberties, as a slippery slope leading to further restrictions on private life. A public opinion poll in London showed that 75 percent of Londoners support "the right of all persons to dress in accordance with their religious beliefs". In another poll in the United Kingdom by Ipsos MORI, 61 percent agreed that "Muslim women are segregating themselves" by wearing a veil, yet 77 percent thought they should have the right to wear it. In a later FT-Harris poll conducted in 2010 after the French ban on face-covering went into effect, an overwhelming majority in Italy, Spain, Germany and the UK supported passing such bans in their own countries. The headscarf is perceived to be a symbol of the clash of civilizations by many. Others would also argue that the increase of laws surrounding the banning of headscarves and other religious paraphernalia has led to an increase in not just the sales of headscarves and niqabs, but an increase in the current religiosity of the Muslim population in Europe: as both a product of and a reaction to westernization.
Currently, France, Belgium and the Netherlands are three European countries with specific bans on face-covering dress, such as the Islamic Niqab or Burqa. Since the bans took effect, there have been several instances of Muslims perpetrating violence and acts of vandalism in apparently coordinated protests, often aimed at police officers enforcing the laws.
The French law against covering the face in public, known as the " Burqa ban", was challenged and taken to the European Court of Human Rights which upheld the law on 1 July 2014, accepting the argument of the French government that the law was based on "a certain idea of living together".
In the Muslim world.
Afghanistan.
Under the Taliban, the burqa was obligatory. While this is officially no longer the case, there remains intense social pressure to wear the burqa, and President Hamid Karzai has been accused by critics of compromising on women's rights in order to appease insurgents.
Bangladesh.
There are no laws that require women to cover their heads. It is mostly worn by women in rural areas, and a few in urban areas, but in recent times there has been an increase in the number of women wearing the hijab. Since the secular party Awami League was elected to power in 2008, there has been an increase in repression against women who wear the hijab, reports of women being harassed, detained or dismissed from student dorms happen very often. Hijab is seen as a symbol of Islam, and the repression against it by the government is due to its vision of creating a secular Bangladesh.
Egypt.
In 1923, Hoda Shaarawi made history when, while waiting for the press, she removed her veil in a symbolic act of liberation. The veil gradually disappeared in the following decades, so much so that by 1958 an article by the United Press (UP) stated that "the veil is unknown here." However, the veil has been having a resurgence since the 1970s, concomitant with the global revival of Muslim piety. According to "The New York Times", about 90 percent of Egyptian women currently wear a headscarf. Small numbers of people wear the niqab. The secular government does not encourage women to wear it, fearing it will present an Islamic extremist political opposition. In the country, it is negatively associated with Salafist political activism. There has been some restrictions of wearing the hijab by the government of which it views hijab as a political symbol, in 2002, two presenters were excluded from a state run TV station for deciding to wear hijab on national television. The American University in Cairo and the Helwan University once attempted to ban niqab wearer entry in 2004 and 2007. Mohammad Tantawi, a leading Islamic scholar in the country and the head of Al-Azhar University, issued a fatwa in October 2009 arguing that veiling of the face is not required under Islam. He had reportedly asked a student to take off her niqab when he spotted her in a classroom, and he told her that the niqab is a cultural tradition without Islamic importance. It is widely believed that the hijab is becoming more of a fashion statement than a religious one in Egypt, with many Egyptian women, influenced by social peer pressure, wearing colorful, stylish head scarves along with western style clothing. Government ban on wearing the niqab on college campuses at the University of Cairo and university exams in 2009 were overturned later. Minister Hany Mahfouz Helal met protests by some human rights and Islamist groups.
In 2010, Baher Ibrahim of "The Guardian" criticized a trend of pre-pubescent girls in Egypt wearing the hijab more and more.
Many Egyptians in the elite are opposed to hijab, believing it harms secularism. By 2012 some businesses established bans on veils, and Egyptian elites supported these bans.
The Gambia.
In the Gambia, only a small minority of women wear the hijab. The Gambia is a secular country and does not enforce the wearing of the hijab by women.
India.
A First Grade College in Karnataka, banned Hijab, declaring that wearing hijab in classrooms may affect the academic process, also that it makes other students feel uncomfortable who belongs to different communities.
Indonesia.
In Indonesia, the term "jilbab" is used without exception to refer to the "hijab". Under Indonesian National and Regional Law, female head-covering is entirely optional and not obligatory.
The hijab is a relatively new phenomenon in Indonesia. Even before Western influence, most Indonesian women (especially Javanese) rarely covered their hair except when praying, and even then the hair was only loosely covered by a transparent cloth.
In 2008 Indonesia had the largest single global population of Muslims, yet the Indonesian Constitution of Pancasila provides equal State protection for five state-sanctioned religions (namely Islam, Catholicism, Protestantism, Buddhism and Hinduism), without any one supreme or official state religion, despite continuing Islamic fundamentalists' Saudi-funded campaigns to impose Islam as the official State religion, such as the terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah and the formerly eradicated Darul Islam.
Some women may elect to wear a headscarf to be more "formal" or "religious", such as the "jilbab" or "kerudung" (a native tailored veil with a small, stiff visor), especially for formal or cultural events especially such where the Muslim religion may be involved – such as official governmental events, funerals, circumcision ("sunatan") ceremonies or weddings – although wearing this "Muslim" attire to Christian relatives' funerals and weddings and entering the church is quite uncommon.
Culturally to the Javanese majority, plain, Saudi-style "hijab", the "niqab" or socially worse yet the indigenous peasant "kerudung" (known in North Sumatran languages as "tudung") is considered vulgar, low-class and a faux pas – the traditional Javanese "hijab" are transparent, sheer, intricately brocaded or embroidered fine silk or lace tailored to match either their "sarung" or kebaya blouse.
Young females may also elect to wear the "hijab" publicly to avoid unwanted low-class male attention and molestation and thus display their respectability as "good Muslim girls": that is, they are not "easy" conquests.
Additionally, Islamic private school uniform code dictate that female students must wear the "jilbab" (commonly white or blue-grey, Indonesia's national secondary school colours), in addition to long-sleeved blouse and ankle-length skirt. While Islamic schools "must" by law provide access to Christians (and vice-versa Catholic and Protestant schools allow Muslim students) it is worn without complaint by Christian students and its use is not objected to in Christian schools, as nuns in Indonesia also wear habits.
Many nuns refer to their habit as a "jilbab", perhaps out of the colloquial use of the term to refer to any religious head covering.
The sole exception where "jilbab" is mandatory is in Aceh Province, under Islamic Sharia-based Law No 18/2001, granting Aceh special autonomy and through its own Regional Legislative body Regulation Nr. 5/2001, as enacted per Acehnese plebiscite (in favour). This Acehnese "Hukum Syariah" and the reputedly over-bearing "Morality Police" who enforce its (Aceh-only) mandatory public wearing are the subject of fierce debate, especially with regards to its validity vis-a-vis the Constitution among Acehnese male and female Muslim academics, Acehnese male and female politicians and female rights advocates.
Compounding the friction and often anger toward "baju Arab" (Arab clothes), is the ongoing physical and emotional abuse of Indonesian females in Saudi Arabia, as guest workers, commonly maids or as Hajja pilgrims and Saudi Wahhabi intolerance for non-Saudi dress code has given rise to mass protests and fierce and fiery Indonesian debate up to the highest levels of government about boycotting Saudi Arabia – especially the profitable all Hajj pilgrimage – as many high-status women have been physically assaulted by Saudi morality police for non-conforming head-wear or even applying lip-balm – leading some to comment on the post-pan Arabist repressiveness of certain Arab nations due to excessively rigid, narrow and erroneous interpretation of Sharia law.
Iran.
The 20th century Pahlavi ruler Reza Shah banned the "chador" and all hijab in 1936, as incompatible with his modernizing ambitions. According to Mir-Hosseini as cited by El-Guindi, "the police were arresting women who wore the veil and forcibly removing it." This policy outraged the Shi'a clerics, and ordinary men and women, to whom "appearing in public without their cover was tantamount to nakedness." Many women refused to leave the house in fear of being assaulted by Reza Shah's police. During the reign of the last Shah of Iran, such traditional clothing was largely discarded by the wealthier urban upper-class women in favor of modernity for western clothing, although women in small towns and villages continued to wear the chador. Many women do so for several reasons: religious piety, cultural tradition and respectability. The overcoat is known by a French word, "manteau". Some women wearing manteaux would also wear them for religious reasons. Niqabs and burqas are highly uncommon in Iran, limited mostly in small Arab and Afghan communities in south and east, respectively.
Currently based on article 638 of Islamic Penal Code of the Islamic Republic of Iran "Women, who appear in public places and roads without wearing an Islamic hijab, shall be sentenced to ten days to two months’ imprisonment or a fine of fifty thousand to five hundred Rials."
Jordan.
There are no laws requiring the wearing of headscarves nor any banning such from any public institution. The use of the headscarf increased during the 1980s. However, the use of the headscarf is generally prevalent among the lower and lower middle classes. Veils covering the face as well as the chador are rare. It is widely believed that the hijab is increasingly becoming more of a fashion statement in Jordan than a religious one with Jordanian women wearing colorful, stylish head scarves along with western style clothing.
Lebanon.
The wearing of headscarves has become more common since the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in the 1980s. Observance of this custom ranges from no headscarf at all to just a regular hijab and a chador.
Malaysia.
The headscarf is known as a "tudung", which simply means "cover". (The word is used with that meaning in other contexts, e.g. "tudung saji", a dish cover for food.) Muslim women may freely choose whether or not to wear the headscarf, except when visiting a mosque where the "tudung" must be worn; this requirement also includes non-Muslims.
Although headscarves are permitted in government institutions, public servants are forbidden from wearing the full-face niqab. A judgment from the then–Supreme Court of Malaysia cites that the niqab, or "purdah", "has nothing to do with (a woman's) constitutional right to profess and practise her Muslim religion", because Islam does not make it obligatory to cover the face.
Morocco.
The headscarf is not encouraged by governmental institutions, and generally frowned upon by urban middle and higher classes but it is not forbidden by law. The headscarf is becoming gradually more frequent in the north, but as it is not traditional, to wear one is considered rather a religious or political decision. In 2005, a schoolbook for basic religious education was heavily criticized for picturing female children with headscarfs, and later the picture of the little girl covered with the Islamic headscarf was removed from the school books. The headscarf is strongly and implicitly forbidden in Morocco's military and the police.
Pakistan.
Pakistan has no laws banning or enforcing the ħijāb. Surveys conducted in Pakistan show that most women wearing the ħijāb do so of their own choice.
In Pakistan, most women wear the Shalwar Kameez, a tunic top and baggy trouser set which covers their arms, legs and body. A loose dupatta scarf is worn around the shoulders, upper chest and head since showing ones hair is considered rude and in bad taste. Men also have a similar dress code, but only women are expected to wear a veil in public. Many women in Pakistan wear other forms of the ħijāb but it varies in design; for example in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas most of the women wear the full head-to-toe black burqa/chador while in the rest of the provinces, including Azad Kashmir, most of the women wear the "dupatta" (a long scarf that matches the woman's garments). The ħijāb together with a duppatta is becoming unpopular among the younger generation. Burquas are mainly worn in the Swat Valley and Islamist zones, however, they are visible across the country including in urban population centers.
Westerners are also expected to dress modestly too. Pakistani society observes traditional dress customs and it is advisable for women to wear long skirts, baggy trousers and long sleeved tops or wear the traditional shalwar kameez in public. In the big cities, some women wear jeans and khakis, especially in casual settings, shopping malls and around picnic spots. Dress codes for men are more lax, though shorts are uncommon. Vest tops, bikinis and mini skirts in public are considered immodest and are thus a social taboo.
Saudi Arabia.
According to most Saudi Salafi scholars, a woman's awrah in front of unrelated men is her entire body including her face and hands. Hence, the vast majority of traditional Saudi women are expected to cover their faces in public.
The Saudi niqāb usually leaves a long open slot for the eyes; the slot is held together by a string or narrow strip of cloth. Many also have two or more sheer layers attached to the upper band, which can be worn flipped down to cover the eyes. Although a person looking at a woman wearing a niqab with an eyeveil would not be able to see her eyes, she is able to see out through the thin fabric.
Many Saudi women use a headscarf along with the niqab or another simple veil to cover all or most of the face when in public, as do most foreign Muslim women (i.e., those from other Arab states, South Asia, Indonesia, or European converts to Islam). But there are many Muslim women, including Saudis, who only wear a headscarf without the niqab, similarly to most non-Muslim women who use only a headscarf or no face covering at all.
Somalia.
During regular, day-to-day activities, Somali women usually wear the "guntiino", a long stretch of cloth tied over the shoulder and draped around the waist. In more formal settings such as weddings or religious celebrations like Eid, women wear the "dirac", which is a long, light, diaphanous voile dress made of cotton or polyester that is worn over a full-length half-slip and a brassiere. Married women tend to sport head-scarves referred to as "shash", and also often cover their upper body with a shawl known as "garbasaar". Unmarried or young women, however, do not always cover their heads. Traditional Arabian garb such as the hijab and the jilbab is also commonly worn.
Syria.
Ghiyath Barakat, Syria's minister of higher education, announced that Syria would ban women from wearing full face veils (such as the niqab, but not other forms of hijab that do not cover the entire face), at universities stating that the veils ran counter to secular and academic principles of Syria.
Tunisia.
Tunisian authorities say they are encouraging women, instead, to "wear modest dress in line with Tunisian traditions" i.e. no headscarf. In 1981, women with headscarves were banned in schools and government buildings, those who insist on it face losing their jobs. Recently in 2006, the Authorities launched a campaign against the hijab, banning it in some public places, where police stop women on the streets and ask them to remove it, and encourage them not to wear it again. The government described the headscarf as a sectarian form of dress which came uninvited to the country.
As of 14 January 2011, after the Tunisian revolution took place, the headscarf was authorized and the ban lifted.
Turkey.
Turkey is officially a secular state, and the hijab was banned in universities and public buildings until late 2013 – this included libraries or government buildings. The ban was first in place during the 1980 military coup, but the law was strengthened more in 1997. Over the years thousands of women have been arrested or prosecuted for refusing to take off the hijab or protesting against the ban, by the secular institution. There has been some unofficial relaxation of the ban under governments led by the conservative party AKP in recent years, for example the current government of the AKP is willing to lift the ban in universities, however the new law was upheld by the constitutional court, and on the other hand the military sees itself as the protector of secularism. The ban has been highly controversial since its implementation, in a country where 99% are either practicing or nominal Muslims or assumed as Muslim by the state. Some researchers claim that around 60% of Turkish women cover their heads; however, many women wear a cultural headscarf that is not a symbol of the Quran. This is often mistaken by some, who instead assume that the headscarf in Turkish research only symbolises the hijab and not the cultural one, and this is probably why many think that a majority of Turkish women wear Islamic covering. Researches also shows that the usage of the Hijab has declined since the 1990s. In cities like Istanbul and Ankara most women do not cover their heads. In some cities in eastern Turkey where a conservative mentality still is more dominant more women cover their heads .
On 7 February 2008, the Turkish Parliament passed an amendment to the constitution, allowing women to wear the headscarf in Turkish universities, arguing that many women would not seek an education if they could not wear the hijab. The decision was met with powerful opposition and protests from secularists. On 5 June 2008, the Constitutional Court of Turkey reinstated the ban on constitutional grounds of the secularity of the state. Headscarves had become a focal point of the conflict between the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) and the secularist establishment, which includes the courts, universities, and army. The ruling was widely seen as a victory for Turks who claim this maintains Turkey's separation of state and religion.
Greater Middle East.
Cyprus.
Traditionally in Cyprus Orthodox Christian Greek women wore the "mandili" (a white headscarf) for practical reasons when working in the fields for protection from the heat, and Muslim Turkish-Cypriot women wore traditional Islamic headscarves. Muslim women in Cypriot villages would wear different coloured hijabs depending on her position, the wealthiest affording silk headscarves dyed with vivid plant colorants — generally, young women wore bright red, whilst those married wore deep scarlet (known as "xithi"), and older women wore dark brown. When leaving their homes, Muslim Cypriot women would cover their faces by pulling a corner of the headscarf across their nose and mouth, a custom recorded as early as 1769:
Additionally, some Greek women wore very large, white outer garments, when travelling in exposed sun, as the colour absorbed less heat and the size provided shade. Black headscarves are still often worn by women as a symbol of mourning. In accordance with the islands' strict moral code, Turkish Cypriot women also wore long skirts or pantaloons in order to cover the soles of their feet. Most men covered their heads with either a headscarf (similar to a wrapped keffiyeh, "a form of turban") or a fez. Turbans have been worn by Cypriot men since ancient times and were recorded by Herodotus, during the Persian rule of the island, to demonstrate their "oriental" customs compared to Greeks.
Following the globalisation of the island, however, many younger Sunni Muslim Turkish-Cypriots abandoned wearing traditional dress, such as headscarves. Yet they are still worn by older Muslim Cypriot women. The mandili also features prominently in Greek marriage rituals where it is used to represent the inheritance of the families' bond. Several universities in Northern Cyprus, including the Eastern Mediterranean University, have attempted to adhere to Turkey's ban on headscarves, but as "Cyprus is seen as a foreign country as far as YOK Higher Education Council is concerned", they are not obliged to follow these regulations. To avoid the ban, women from Turkey moved to study in northern Cyprus, but Turkish authorities followed and established "rules that forbid Turkish citizens to wear their scarves in schools" on the island when other Muslims from Europe and Africa were allowed. Whilst many Cypriot women no longer wear headscarves, recent immigrants from Turkey, settled in villages in northern Cyprus, do.
Israel.
In July 2010, some Israeli lawmakers and women’s rights activists proposed a bill to the Knesset banning face-covering veils. According to the "Jerusalem Post", the measure is generally "regarded as highly unlikely to become law." Hanna Kehat, founder of the Jewish women’s rights group Kolech, criticized a ban and also commented "ashion also often oppresses women with norms which lead to anorexia." Eilat Maoz, general coordinator for the Coalition of Women for Peace, referred to a ban as "a joke" that would constitute "racism".
The Palestinian territories.
Successful informal coercion of women by sectors of society to wear Islamic dress or Hijab has been reported in the Gaza Strip where Mujama' al-Islami, the predecessor of Hamas, reportedly used a mixture of consent and coercion to "'restore' hijab" on urban educated women in Gaza in the late 1970s and 1980s. Similar behavior was displayed by Hamas during the first intifada. Hamas campaigned for the wearing of the hijab alongside other measures, including insisting women stay at home, segregation from men and the promotion of polygamy. In the course of this campaign women who chose not to wear the hijab were verbally and physically harassed, with the result that the hijab was being worn "just to avoid problems on the streets".
Following the takeover of the Gaza Strip in June 2007, Hamas has attempted to implement Islamic law in the Gaza Strip, mainly at schools, institutions and courts by imposing the Islamic dress or Hijab on women.
Some of the Islamization efforts met resistance. When Palestinian Supreme Court Justice Abdel Raouf Al-Halabi ordered women lawyers to wear headscarves and caftans in court, attorneys contacted satellite television stations including Al-Arabiya to protest, causing Hamas’s Justice Ministry to cancel the directive.
In 2007, the Islamic group Swords of Truth threatened to behead female TV broadcasters if they didn't wear the Hijab. "We will cut throats, and from vein to vein, if needed to protect the spirit and moral of this nation," their statement said. The group also accused the women broadcasters of being "without any ... shame or morals". Personal threats against female broadcasters were also sent to the women's mobile phones, though it was not clear if these threats were from the same group. Gazan anchorwomen interviewed by Associated Press said that they were frightened by the Swords of Truth statement.
In February 2011, Hamas banned the styling of women's hair, continuing its policy of enforcing Sharia upon women's clothing.
Hamas has imposed analogous restrictions on men as well as women. For example, men are no longer allowed to be shirtless in public.
Former USSR.
The Hijab was not commonly worn until the fall of the USSR, as some Islamic peoples (like Uzbeks) used to wear the paranja, while others (Chechens, Kara-Chai, Kazakhs, Turkmens, etc.) banded traditional scarfs the same way as a bandana.
Australia.
By May 2012, Australia's most populous State had changed the law so that a Muslim woman would have to remove her veil if asked by state officials. The laws are noted as a response to a court case of 2011 where a woman in Sydney was convicted of falsely claiming that a traffic policeman had tried to remove her niqab.
North America.
Canada.
On 12 December 2011, Canada banned face coverings for people swearing their oath of citizenship.
Mohamed Elmasry, a controversial former president of the Canadian Islamic Congress (CIC), has stated that only a small minority of Muslim Canadian women actually wear these types of clothing. He has also said that women should be free to choose, as a matter of culture and not religion, whether they wear it. The CIC criticized a proposed law that would have required all voters to show their faces before being allowed to cast ballots. The group described the idea as unnecessary, arguing that it would only promote discrimination against Muslims and provide "political mileage among Islamophobes".
Quebec.
In February 2007,
soccer player Asmahan Mansour, part of the team Nepean U12 Hotspurs, was expelled from a Quebec tournament for wearing her headscarf. Quebec soccer referees also ejected an 11-year-old Ottawa girl while she was watching a match, which generated a public controversy.
In November 2013, a bill was introduced in the National Assembly of Quebec by the Parti Quebecois that would ban overt religious symbols in the Quebec public service. Thus would include universities, hospitals, and public or publicly funded schools and daycares. Criticism of this decision came from "The Globe and Mail" newspaper, saying that such clothing, as worn by "2011 Nobel Peace Prize winner Tawakkul Karman", was "Good enough for Nobel, but not for Quebec". In 2014 however, the ruling Pari Quebecois was defeated by the Liberal Party of Quebec and no legislation was enacted regarding religious symbols.
Mexico.
There is no ban on any of the Muslim clothing items. The first article of the Political Constitution of the United Mexican States protects people against discrimination based on several matters including religion, ethnic origin and national origin. Article 6 of the Constitution grants "Libertad de Expresión" (freedom of expression) to all Mexicans which includes the way people choose to dress.
The Muslim community is a minority; according to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life there were approx. 3,700 Muslims in Mexico as of 2010, representing 0.003% percent of the total population. There is an almost complete lack of knowledge of Islam in Mexico, and any interest is more curiosity and tolerance than hatred or racism. Some Muslims suggest that it is easier to fit in if they are lax with the rules of their religion, for example by wearing regular clothing. Muslim women's clothing can vary from non-Muslim clothing to a hijab or a chador.
United States.
The people of the United States have a firm 1st Amendment protection of freedom of speech from government interference that explicitly includes clothing items, as described by Supreme Court cases such as Tinker v. Des Moines. As such, a ban on Islamic clothing is considered presumptively invalid by U.S. socio-political commentators such as Mona Charen of "National Review". Journalist Howard LaFranchi of the Christian Science Monitor has referred to "the traditional American respect for different cultural communities and religions under the broad umbrella of universal freedoms" as forbidding the banning of Islamic dress. In his prominent June 2009 speech to the Muslim World in Cairo, President Barack Obama called on the West "to avoid dictating what clothes a Muslim woman should wear", and he elaborated that such rules involve "hostility" towards Muslims in "the pretense of liberalism".
A 2010 survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project found that the vast majority of Americans – two out of three of those polled – oppose banning Islamic clothing.
Most gyms, fitness clubs, and other workout facilities in the United States are mixed-sex, so exercise without a hijab or burka can be difficult for some observant Muslim women. Maria Omar, director of media relations for the Islamic Food and Nutrition Council of America (IFANCA), has advised Muslim women to avoid these complexes entirely. Some women decide to wear something colloquially known as the "sports hijab". Similarly, Muslim women may feel uncomforable around other women with traditionally revealing American outfits, especially during the summer "Bikini season". An outfit colloquially known as the burqini allows Muslim women to swim without displaying any significant amount of skin.
Compared to Western Europe, there have been relatively few controversies surrounding hijab in everyday life, and Muslim garb is commonly seen in major US cities. One exception is the case of Sultaana Freeman, a Florida woman who had her driver's license cancelled due to her wearing of the niqab in her identification photo. She sued the state of Florida for religious discrimination, though her case was eventually thrown out.

</doc>
<doc id="21610630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610630" title="Bad Luck (film)">
Bad Luck (film)

Bad Luck () is a 1960 Polish comedy film directed by Andrzej Munk. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21610666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610666" title="Stewarton coat of arms">
Stewarton coat of arms

The Stewarton Coat of Arms represents Stewarton, in East Ayrshire, Scotland. It is described in the public Register of all Arms and Bearing in Scotland as follows:
Per pale Or and Azure: a fess chequy per pale, dexter of the Scotland and Argent sinister of the Third and Gules, surmounted of a shakefork, Sable overall, all between a bonnet of the second, with a round tassel of the Fourth, and an annulet of the First, stoned of the Fourth,in chief, and another similar bonnet and a mullet of the Third in base.
Above the Shield is placed a coronet a circlet richly chased from which are issuant four thistle leaves(one and two halves visible) and four pine cones(two visible) or, and in an Escrol below the same this Motto "Knit Weel."
By demonstration of which Ensigns Armorial the Stewarton and District Community is, amongst all Nobles and in all Places of Honor, to be taken, numbered, accounted and received as an Incorporation Noble in the Noblesse of Scotland.
Origin of the Arms.
The roots of Stewarton go back to 1283, when the lands of Stewarton were put into separate Lordship and became the inheritance of James, High Stewart of Scotland. When the House of Stewart came to the throne of Scotland, Stewarton became property of The Crown.
The makeup of the Arms has a long history, part of which is reputed to be due to an act which saved the life of Malcolm Canmore who became King Malcolm III in 1058. While on the run from MacBeth's men he was saved by a Stewarton farmer, named Cunninghame, who hid him under forked hay. Upon becoming King, he gave the farmer the Corsehill Estate.
The town of Stewarton developed around a church. After the Reformation the land belonging to the church passed into "Lay hands", and Stewarton was administered by commissioners and magistrates, whose offices were not filled by free election, and their tenure has no fixed date. The Act of 1868 ended this autocratic rule and laid the foundations of democratic government. The town became a Police burgh in 1868 and, like many other Scottish towns, had its Coat of Arms - a Stewarton Bonnet over a Shake Fork and inscribed motto "Over Fork Over". 
However, this coat of arms was not officially registered and it was not until 1955 that the Burgh obtained one. The legend of Malcolm Canmore and the Stewarton farmer was not accepted by Sir Thomas Innes of Learney, Lord Lyon King of Arms, and since he had the power of execution the Town Council had to accept his design.
The Motto was changed to "Knit Weel", a compliment to the towns ancient industry. The design includes part of the baronial arms of the Earls of Douglas, Earls of Arran, the Cunninghames of Corsehill, and the Montgomeries of Lainshaw. These prominent families had early association with the Burgh, and their arms share a place with the bonnets, which represent the Town and Trade.
From 1955 to 1975 the people of Stewarton were familiar with the Coat of Arms. The Local Government reorganisation, enforced in 1975, meant the existing Burghs and their Councils were abolished and the rights to use the Coat of Arms was lost.
Stewarton and District Community Council petitioned the Lord Lyon for the return of the Stewarton Coat of Arms. The re-granting of the Arms Ceremony, by the Lord Lyon King of Arms representative, took place prior to the Bonnet Guild's Crowning Ceremony for the Corsehill Queen on Saturday 15 June 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21610688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610688" title="Joint Compatibility Branch and Bound">
Joint Compatibility Branch and Bound

Joint Compatibility Branch and Bound (JCBB) is an algorithm in computer vision and robotics commonly used for data association in simultaneous localization and mapping. JCBB measures the joint compatibility of a set of pairings that successfully rejects spurious matchings and is hence known to robust in complex environments.

</doc>
<doc id="21610703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610703" title="American Jewish World Service">
American Jewish World Service

American Jewish World Service (AJWS) is a nonprofit international development organization, founded in 1985, which supports community-based organizations in 35 countries in the developing world and works to educate the American Jewish community about global justice. Its headquarters are in New York City.
Mission.
Inspired by Judaism’s commitment to justice, American Jewish World Service works to realize human rights and end poverty in the developing world.
Leadership.
AJWS's president is Ruth Messinger, formerly Manhattan Borough President and the Democratic nominee for Mayor of New York City in 1997. She has been at the helm of AJWS since 1998, and in late 2005, "The Forward" named her in its annual "Forward 50" list of the most influential American Jews. Messinger returned to the Forward 50 in 2009.
AJWS has received a Four Star rating from Charity Navigator for seven years in a row.
History.
AJWS was established in Boston, Massachusetts, on May 1, 1985 when Larry Phillips and Larry Simon, together with a group of rabbis, Jewish communal leaders, activists, businesspeople, scholars and others came together to create the first American Jewish organization dedicated to alleviating poverty, hunger and disease among people across the globe.
The organization's first key achievement was its response to a volcano disaster in Armaro, Colombia, in 1986. That same year, AJWS helped the Tibetan government exiled in India initiate an agricultural improvement project. In 1990, AJWS launched five new international development projects in Mexico, Honduras and Haiti, which provided training programs in sustainable agriculture. In 1995, AJWS launched its first international service trips, including the International Jewish College Corps – now Volunteer Summer - which sent 10 young Jewish men and women to spend the summer helping villagers in Honduras build a potable water system. 
In the 1990s, AJWS's grantee organizations began to receive recognition for their work. In 1998, Ntataise Trust in South Africa received an award from former South African President Nelson Mandela for "its exceptional contribution to education in South Africa." Its grantee Tostan's campaign to ban female genital cutting triumphed in Senegal, when the Senegalese parliament banned the practice.
Shortly after the 9/11 attacks, AJWS responded by receiving donations and making grants to groups that provide support to families of low-income workers. In 2004 the American Jewish World Service responded to the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. In 2006, AJWS helped organize a rally in Washington, D.C. against genocide and has since conducted a series of other rallies throughout the country. In 2003 AJWS launched peer exchange programs in Southern Africa that brought together community-based organizations from the region to exchange best practices in responding to the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
Grantmaking.
AJWS currently funds 388 grassroots organizations working to promote health, education, economic development, disaster relief, and social and political change in the developing world. AJWS works with women, youth, ethnic, religious and sexual minorities, indigenous peoples, refugees and internally displaced persons and people living with HIV/AIDS.
Advocacy.
AJWS works to promote awareness and influence U.S. international policies and funding in relation to human rights, global health and poverty. In 2004 AJWS co-founded, along with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Save Darfur Coalition to end the conflict in Darfur. In 2007, it became the first national Jewish organization to promote targeted divestment by launching a divestment initiative against the government of Sudan.
Education.
AJWS seeks to make the pursuit of global justice an integral part of American Jewish identity. The organization produces Torah commentaries, holiday resources, curricula and other educational resources. These materials, created in collaboration with rabbis and Jewish educators, are meant to challenge American Jews to think about how Jewish text and tradition can inspire action.
Service.
AJWS no longer offers volunteer service programs.
Until 2013, individuals and groups could volunteer in Africa, Asia and Latin America for short and extended periods of time through AJWS. Students volunteered through Alternative Breaks, Volunteer Summer or the World Partners Fellowship. Professional adults volunteered for longer periods of time through the AJWS Volunteer Corps. AJWS also ran a semi-annual service trip for rabbinical students, to engage future rabbis to make global justice a priority for their future congregations.

</doc>
<doc id="21610730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610730" title="List of songs written by Gary Barlow">
List of songs written by Gary Barlow

Gary Barlow OBE (born 20 January 1971 in Frodsham, Cheshire) is an English singer-songwriter, pianist and record producer. He is the lead vocalist and songwriter of the pop group Take That, and is one of the UK's most successful songwriters, having written 13 number 1 singles in the UK to date including Back for Good which went to number 1 in 31 countries across the world.
Barlow has had 20 top 5 singles (14 of which went to number one) and 8 number-one albums selling over 50 million records worldwide and over 7 million concert tickets.
Below is a list of some songs written by Barlow, including collaborations with other songwriters. 

</doc>
<doc id="21610754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610754" title="Jishkariani">
Jishkariani

Jishkariani is a Georgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21610773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610773" title="WNVR">
WNVR

WNVR (1030 AM, "Polskie Radio Chicago") is a radio station licensed to serve Vernon Hills, Illinois, USA. WNVR is one of eight stations owned by Polnet Communications.
It broadcasts a World Ethnic format featuring Polish language programming 24 hours a day. WNVR's studios are located at 3656 W. Belmont Ave. in Chicago, Illinois. Its transmitter site is off Route 176 west of Crystal Lake, Il. 
The station was assigned the WNVR call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on January 15, 1988. In the late 1980s and early 1990s the station aired a Business news format, before switching to a world ethnic format in the early 1990s.
WNVR has applied with the FCC to broadcast 27 kW Daytime, 8 kW Critical Hours, and 210 W Nighttime.

</doc>
<doc id="21610788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610788" title="RealD">
RealD

RealD Inc. () is the company that develops the RealD Cinema technology, used for projecting films in stereoscopic 3D using circularly polarized light. The company was founded in 2003 by Michael V. Lewis and Joshua Greer. Between 2005 and 2007 the company purchased StereoGraphics Inc. and optical components technology company ColorLink, a provider of rear-projection television (RPTV) equipment, polarizing film and optical technologies including technologies for the US Military. RealD developed its acquired technology to create its 3D cinema systems.
RealD supplies 3D technology to customers including Fortune 500 companies, theme parks, education centers, and for medical research and procedures. The company held its initial public offering on July 20, 2010, when a total of 14,375,000 shares of common stock were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="21610807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610807" title="Spit Stix">
Spit Stix

Tim Leitch (aka Spit Stix) is a Los Angeles-born drummer, producer and songwriter. He gained prominence as drummer for American punk rock band Fear and producer of the first Red Hot Chili Peppers demo tape.
Early life.
Tim Leitch was born in Los Angeles into a musical family. Both his parents and all his siblings played or performed. At the age of eight, Tim chose drums and began to play Bossa and Jazz. At 12, he began tutoring with Marine drum and bugle corps instructor Don Clark, and speed drummer Deane Hagen (son of film/TV composer Earle Hagen). By 17 he had studied with Joe Pass and Art Pepper, and performed with Ralph Humphries and Don Ellis.
Musical career.
Later he joined seminal hardcore LA punk band FEAR, performed with avant-garde singer Nina Hagen, Lydia Lunch, John Belushi, LA African Beat Kwashi and Dick Dale. He performed on "Saturday Night Live" on Halloween 1981.
Leitch learned production, engineering, and songwriting skills from Richie Podler, Bill Cooper, and Bob Clearmountain.
In 1983, Tim produced the first Red Hot Chili Peppers demo recording that led the band to its first recording contract. Those sessions were later released in 1994 as “Out in LA”, EMI. Tim had his first top 40 hit with “Paraiso” (WEA Latina artist Chantelle). His credits also include scoring the feature film, "Night Eyes II" and the film short, “In the Meantime”, as well as ghost composing many other feature films under Steve “Don’t You Forget About Me” Shift.
After his move to New York City in 1992, Leitch came off the road with FEAR in 1993 and began learning Sonic Solutions and Pro Tools. By 2000, Tim was writing jingles for Bang Music, engineering, producing, licencing, teaching Logic Pro software privately, and demonstrating for software and digital audio hardware manufacturers at trade shows.
In 2003, Tim partnered with Emmy award winning composer Patty Stotter, scoring HBO documentaries and music and sound design for children's books online. Sol-I, Tim's solo projects' debut album, "Leap Before You Look", won 1st place at the 2004 Just Plain Folks Independent Music Awards in the category Electronica Album of the Year.
Tim now lives in the Pacific Northwest. Some of his current performing projects include Lickity, Nasalrod, and The Chris Loid Band.

</doc>
<doc id="21610830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610830" title="Minuscule 226">
Minuscule 226

Minuscule 226 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 118 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on a parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th-century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains entire of New Testament (except Book of Revelation), on 377 parchment leaves (size ). Catholic epistles placed before Pauline epistles.
The leaves are arranged in octavo (eight leaves in quire). The text is written in one column per page, 26 lines per page, in neat minuscule letters. According to Emmanuel Miller it is very elegantly written.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Gospels is also divided according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains the Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each book, and pictures. Many corrections were made by a later hand, but original text is valuable, with some unique readings.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden placed it in textual family Kx. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th-century.
The manuscript was collated together with codices 227-233 by Moldenhawer, who made it about 1783 for Birch (Esc. 2). It was briefly described by Emmanuel Miller.
It is currently housed at the Escurial (Cod. Escurialensis, X. IV. 17).

</doc>
<doc id="21610840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610840" title="Robin Buckston">
Robin Buckston

Robin Henry Rowland Buckston (10 October 1908 – 16 May 1967) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1928 and 1939 and for MCC in 1929 and 1930. He captained the Derbyshire team between 1937 and 1939.
Buckston was born in Kensington, the son of George Moreton Buckston who had played for and captained Derbyshire before and after World War I. He was educated at Eton and played in the Eton XI as a wicketkeeper. He first played for Derbyshire at the age of 19 in the 1928 season as wicketkeeper in a match against Lancashire, but did not play for them again until 1937. He played two matches for MCC against Wales in 1929 and 1930 and a game for the Free Foresters against the Netherlands in 1931. He became captain of Derbyshire in the 1937 season when after their Championship win in the 1936 season, the club came third in the Championship. In the 1938 season they were fifth and in the 1939 season they were ninth under Buckston. He played 101 innings in 72 matches for Derbyshire with a highest score of 60 and an average of 11.80. He only bowled one over and was an occasional wicketkeeper.
Buckston had been a member of the Eton Officers' Training Corps, and with the outbreak of the Second World War imminent, he was given an emergency commission as second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery on 2 September 1939. He served with the local Territorial Army light anti-aircraft regiment, he relinquished his commission on 23 November 1942, by which time he was a war substantive lieutenant; he was granted the rank of captain. He married Chrystal Tresyllian Williams on 6 January 1940. They had a son on 3 November 1945, at which time they were living at Bucklebury Common, near Reading. After the war he played for Derbyshire's Second XI from 1948 to 1955; captaining them for some of that time. He was chairman of the club from 1960 to 1966.
Buckston lived at Sutton-on-the-Hill and was a Justice of the Peace. He was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1960. He collapsed and died at the wheel of his car near Burton upon Trent at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="21610854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610854" title="Adams State Grizzlies">
Adams State Grizzlies

The Adams State Grizzlies are the athletic teams that represent Adams State University, located in Alamosa, Colorado, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Grizzlies compete as members of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference for all 19 varsity sports.
Varsity Sports.
Teams.
Men's sports
Women's sports
Cross County and Track.
The Grizzly track and cross-country teams are coached by Damon Martin, winner of 20 National Coach of the Year awards. ASU's Men's cross-country team was the first team in history to record a perfect score at the National Championships in 1992. This was the first year Adams competed in NCAA Division II, after previously competing in the NAIA. The women's cross-country team won 15 National Championships between 1992 and 2009.
Football.
The football team under the leadership of Head Coach Marty Heaton runs a very aggressive defense that allowed only 10 passing touchdowns in 2010. The football locker room is state of the art with electronic displays for film viewing and visual management of team roles and positions. The weight room is available for all Grizzly sports team athletes and was custom designed for use in national advertising campaigns by the company that donated the weightlifting equipment.
Non-NCAA Sports.
Teams.
Men's sports
Women's sports
Co-ed sports

</doc>
<doc id="21610868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610868" title="Hurricane Howard (2004)">
Hurricane Howard (2004)

Hurricane Howard was a powerful Category 4 hurricane which produced large swells along the coasts of Baja California and southern California. The eighth named storm of the 2004 Pacific hurricane season, Howard originated out of a tropical wave off the coast of Mexico on August 30. Traveling towards the northwest, the storm gradually strengthened, becoming a hurricane on September 1 and reaching its peak intensity the following day with winds of 140 mph (220 km/h). Decreasing sea surface temperatures then caused the storm to weaken. By September 4, Howard was downgraded to a tropical storm. The next day, it degenerated into a non-convective remnant low pressure area which persisted for another five days before dissipating over open waters.
Although the storm never made landfall, the fringe effects of the storm produced significant flooding across the Baja California peninsula which damaged agricultural land and dozens of homes. Howard also produced large swells which reached 18 ft (5.4 m) along the Baja coastline and 10 ft (3 m) along the California coastline. About 1,000 lifeguard rescues took place in California due to the waves. Moisture from the storm also enhanced rainfall in parts of Arizona, leading to minor accumulations.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Howard began as a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on August 18. The wave moved across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea with little associated convection. By August 26, the wave produced disorganized convection as it moved through the western Caribbean, across Central America, and entered the eastern Pacific Ocean. Paralleling the southern coast of Mexico, the wave became increasingly organized and it was estimated that the tropical wave spawned a tropical depression around 1200 UTC on August 30 about 400 mi (645 km) south-southwest of Acapulco, Mexico. Classified as Tropical Depression Eleven-E, the system tracked west-northwestward under the steering currents of a weak mid-level ridge. In the hours after formation, the depression lacked a concentration of deep convection near the center. However, conditions favored eventual development, including warm sea surface temperatures and low amounts of wind shear.
Based on increased organization and the formation of banding features, it was estimated that the cyclone intensified into Tropical Storm Howard at 0000 UTC on August 31. A mid-level anticyclone located over southern California was steering the storm towards the northwest. Early on September 1, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) stated that Howard had an 80 percent chance of undergoing rapid intensification based on further development of the storm and a highly favorable environment around the cyclone. Based on the formation of an eye feature, the NHC upgraded Howard to a hurricane early on September 1 while the storm was located about 420 mi (675 km) southwest of Manzanillo, Colima. Later that day, the eye of Howard became apparent on satellite imagery, which organized into a pinhole eye surrounded by a ring of symmetric, deep convection. At 0600 UTC on September 2, Howard was upgraded to a major hurricane—a storm with winds of 111 mph (178 km/h) or higher. Shortly after, the cyclone reached its peak intensity as a low-end Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, with winds of 140 mph (220 km/h) while located about 410 mi (660 km) south-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California Sur.
Not long after reaching peak intensity, the storm moved over cooler waters, causing the eyewall to deteriorate and cloud tops to warm. The next day, the eye of Howard disappeared from satellite imagery, leading to the cyclone being downgraded to a Category 2 hurricane. Continued deterioration of the system caused rapid weakening, with Howard being downgraded to a tropical storm by 1200 UTC on September 4. Convection associated with the storm was separated from the center later that day. Early on September 5, Howard was further downgraded to a tropical depression and later degenerated into a non-convective remnant low pressure area about 265 mi (425 km) west-southwest of Punta Eugenia, Mexico. The remnants of the hurricane continued towards the northwest before turning towards the southwest the following day as it tracked along the southeast side of a ridge of high pressure. The low continued in this general direction until it dissipated on September 10 about 1,150 mi (1,850 km) west of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
Preparations and Impact.
Because Howard remained away from land no tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued. One ship, the "Strong Virginian", reported sustained winds 42 mph (68 km/h) at 0600 UTC on September 4. Along the Baja California peninsula, 16–18 ft (4.8–5.4 m) swells were reported. All ships were required to remain at port due to the rough seas. Heavy rains in the mountainous and Pacific coastal areas of Baja California produced flooding which washed out several roads in San José del Cabo. The rains did help increase water levels in some reservoirs in Baja California. An estimated 2,000 hectares of agricultural land was damaged by the storm and 48 households were damaged throughout four communities. State and federal authorities purchased temporary homes for those who needed shelter in the affected areas. The State Civil Protection in Mexico provided rehabilitation for a total of 393 homes affected by Howard.
Large swells produced by the storm resulted in about 1,000 lifeguard rescues in Orange County, California. High temperatures in southern California, exceeding 100°F (37.7°C) in places, and cool ocean temperatures led to an estimated 575,000 people going to beaches during the Labor Day weekend. One incident required 25 rescues as dozens of people were overwhelmed by 8–10 ft (2.4–3 m) waves. Officials in San Bernardino County advised residents to take precautions for the possibility of flooding as a result of moisture from the remnants of Howard. Following wildfires in 2003, foothills were highly susceptible to flooding. Residents were advised to have sandbags ready, ensure their emergency supplies were stocked and have an evacuation plan. Despite all the preparations undertaken, Howard did not produced any rainfall in California. The moisture also enhanced rainfall across portions of Arizona. This led to minor rainfall accumulations throughout the state.

</doc>
<doc id="21610876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610876" title="List of Poinsettia Bowl broadcasters">
List of Poinsettia Bowl broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="21610877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610877" title="Oren Stone">
Oren Stone

Oren Stone (July 24, 1833 – April 20, 1897) was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
On July 24, 1833, Stone was born in Auburn, Cayuga County, N.Y.. He started Flint Woolen Mills with a partner and was owner of Stone's Opera House.
Political life.
He was elected as the Mayor of City of Flint in 1888 for a single 1 year term.
Post-political life.
Buried in Flint' Glenwood Cemetery, Stone died in Flint on April 20, 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="21610902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610902" title="Williamsoceras">
Williamsoceras

Williamsoceras is an endocerid that Rousseau Flower (1968) added to his Allotrioceratidae (Flower 1955) on the basis of having a vertical partition within the siphuncle, known as a ventral process, with inter-connecting tubule-like structures along its margin where intercepted by endocones. Three species are named and described (Flower 1968) from the Garden City limestone of Whiterockian age near Logan and northern Utah, including the genotype "Williamsoceras adnatum". Two other species come from the Juab limestone (Flower 1976) of near equivalent age in the southern Confusion Range in the Ibex area in western Utah.
Description.
Of the five described species the siphuncle wall and phragmocone are known only from the genotype "Williamsoceras adnatum". The other four are known only from pieces of siphuncle which show only internal configurations, but closely resemble that of the genotype.
"Williamsoceras" is characterized by a ventral process within the siphuncle that extends vertically from the bottom side, essentially bisecting the interior. The process is straight sided and narrow in the more forward part of the siphuncle, approaching the body chamber, and swells to a bulbous or teardrop shape in cross section closer to the apex of the siphuncle where it becomes draped by endocones. As the ventral process and endocones approach a crescent shape space is formed, known as the endosiphocone, the upper side being convex, the lower side concave. 
The septal necks, described only from the genotype, are macrochoanitic, extending 1.5 segments back from their origin. and is slightly sinuous in profile (Flower 1968, 1976)
Comparisons.
"Williamsoceras" is similar to "Cacheoceras" which comes from the same areas and formations, except that "Cacheoceras" has additional smaller processes, either one on the dorsal side opposite the main process or a pair that are positioned dorsolaterally. It differs from "Emmonsoceras" (Flower 1955, 1976; Techert 1964) and from "Perkinsoceras" (Flower 1976) in that the ventral process in these is broad and in broad contact with the lower side of the siphuncle. 
"Williamsoceras" differs from "Allotrioceras" from the Chazian of Champlain Valley (Flower 1955) in the manner in which the central processes are formed and that the features in "Willimasoceras" are bilaterally symmetrical while those in "Allotrioceras" are definitely asymmetric.
Origin and classification.
"Williamsoceras" may have its origin in the Manchuroceratidae from the upper Canadian of northern China and Korea (Flower 1955, 1968, Teichert 1964) derived from the Proterocameroceratidae, by a lengthening of the septal necks. 
"Williamsoceras" is included in the suborder Proterocameroceratina and is closely related to the Emmonsoceratidae

</doc>
<doc id="21610908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610908" title="Bogumił Kobiela">
Bogumił Kobiela

Bogumił Kobiela (31 May 1931 – 10 July 1969) was a Polish stage and film actor.
He was an actor of Wybrzeże Theatre, Ateneum Theatre in Warsaw, Komedia Theatre in Warsaw, Bim-Bom student theatre, Kabaret Wagabunda and Kabaret Dudek. He suffered serious injuries in a car crash on 2 July 1969 in Buszkowo. He died eight days later in hospital in Gdańsk.

</doc>
<doc id="21610929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610929" title="Marion Zarzeczna">
Marion Zarzeczna

Marion Zarzeczna is an American concert pianist and educator. 
She grew in an unmusical family in Trenton, New Jersey. She received her Bachelor of Music degree in 1954 from The Curtis Institute of Music, where she studied with Mieczysław Horszowski. Winner of numerous prizes, she has given piano recitals and appeared as a soloist with orchestras in North America and Europe, including the Polish National Radio Symphony Orchestra and Seventh Army Orchestra in Germany. She was a member of the New Marlboro Chamber Players, the trio-in-residence at Rider College, and a vocal coach at the Temple University Musical Festival in Ambler, Pa . She joined the faculty of The Curtis Institute of Music in 1962. 
She has been on the faculty of Westminster Choir College since 1972. 
She is a member of the Greater Trenton Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="21610930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610930" title="Nadim Gemayel">
Nadim Gemayel

Nadim Bashir Gemayel (born 1 May 1982), is a Lebanese MP and a senior member of the Kataeb party, founded by his grandfather Pierre Gemayel in 1936. He is the son of former Lebanese president-elect Bachir Gemayel. Nadim currently serves as Vice President of the Kataeb’s Achrafieh District base.
Early life and education.
Nadim Gemayel was born in Bikfaya on 1 May 1982 to Solange Gemayel (née Toutounji), and Bashir Gemayel, a Maronite Christian from Bikfaya, Mount Lebanon. Nadim is the youngest to two sisters, Youmna (born 1980) and Maya (born 1978). Maya was only 18 months old when she was killed in 1980 by a car bomb that was intended for her father.
Nadim Gemayel's father, Bachir Gemayel, was a prominent Christian leader and an elected President of the Republic in (1982). Bashir Gemayel was assassinated on 14 of September 1982, 21 days after being elected president. Nadim was only four months old when his father was killed.
Following high school, Nadim Gemayel moved to France to pursue his law degree and graduated from Panthéon-Assas University in 2004. He currently practices law with a prominent law firm which maintains offices in Lebanon and Qatar.
In addition to his position inside the Kataeb party, Nadim Gemayel also serves as co-chairperson of the Bachir Gemayel Foundation, founded in 1982 following the assassination of his father.
Political career.
Believing in what he says was his father's dream of freeing Lebanon from all foreign occupiers and unifying its people, Nadim Gemayel started his political struggle at a relatively young age.
Syrian Hegemony 1994-2005.
Following Bashir Gemayel's assassination in 1982, Lebanon entered an era where Syrian control began, and culminated in 1990 with the Syrian takeover of the Presidential Palace of Baabda in 1990.
Nadim Gemayel started his struggle against the Syrians by participating and leading Anti-Syrian demonstrations, organizing sit-ins with other Anti-Syrian factions inside the universities, and lobbying for Lebanon during his university years outside Lebanon.
Nadim Gemayel's most notable appearances, apart from his annual speech, were during the MTV shutdown in 2002, where he was at the forefront of the demonstration to reopen the station and almost got arrested by security officials, and the 2003 Baabda-Aley elections.
Cedar Revolution 2005.
The assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri in 2005 triggered a series of demonstrations against the Syrian troops and the Lebanese security officials. Those demonstrations culminated on 14 March 2005, which was later on known to anti-Syrian factions as the "Cedar Revolution".
Nadim Gemayel was present throughout the period and was among many Anti-Syrian political factions to set up a tent with their supporters in Martyrs' Square demanding the resignation of the government and the security officials, the complete and unconditioned withdrawal of Syrian troops and the establishment of an international commission to investigate the assassination of then- Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri and past political assassinations.
Kataeb.
The so-called Cedar Revolution was followed by an almost complete Syrian withdrawal on April 26, 2005 after international pressure chiefly by the Americans and Europeans.
Despite the Syrian withdrawal, Syria was still present politically through its intelligence officers and the alliances with Lebanese factions it had established.
Nadim Gemayel saw this as Lebanon's second independence and a historic opportunity to launch his political career officially and engage the Kataeb party, to fight Syrian security officials in Lebanon.
On 26 April 2006, the Kataeb district in Achrafieh, after months of renovation, was opened and launched by Nadim Gemayel. The ceremony included a speech by Nadim Gemayel embodying his political beliefs and goals, and was finalized by a prayer and lighting candles on his father's memorial.
Parliamentary Elections 2009.
Nadim Gemayel decided to run for the Parliamentary elections in Beirut's first District (Ashrafieh, Rmeil, Sayfi) his main rival for the Maronite seat was Massoud Al Achkar. He ran as a Kataeb and March 14 candidate alongside Gebran Tueni's daughter Nayla Tueni.
The election on 7 June 2009 was a very close race to the parliament, Nadim Gemayel won the Maronite seat in Beirut's first district and is now an MP in the new Lebanese Parliament. Nayla Tueni also won the Greek Orthodox seat in the same district.
Bashir Gemayel's annual memorial mass.
On the 26th anniversary of his father's assassination, Nadim Gemayel addressed the Lebanese and the Christians mainly urging them to unite under one banner to "build a sovereign state".
He also stressed on Hezbollah's weapons, calling them illegitimate and asked that only the Lebanese armed forces carry weapons. He continued "We are with dialogue without any preconditions… What we care for are Lebanon's people and the future of its youth."

</doc>
<doc id="21610934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610934" title="Henry Canine">
Henry Canine

Henry Canine was an American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Canine was the second head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for the 1938 season. His coaching record at Adams State was 1 win, 4 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 19th at Adams State in total wins and 18th at Adams State in winning percentage (.250).

</doc>
<doc id="21610947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610947" title="Mia">
Mia

Mia or MIA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21610967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610967" title="Ctenochaetus cyanocheilus">
Ctenochaetus cyanocheilus

Ctenochaetus cyanocheilus, is a marine reef tang in the fish family Acanthuridae, endemic to Oceania. It is also known commonly as the bluelip bristletooth. This fish grows to 6.3 inches (16 cm) in the wild.

</doc>
<doc id="21610970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610970" title="Calvin Wooster">
Calvin Wooster

Hezekiah Calvin Wooster (1771–1798) was a circuit rider in the Methodist Episcopal Church. He was one of the first Methodists to preach in Upper Canada, where his straightforward style of preaching that appealed to direct emotional connection to God allowed him to convert many of the inhabitants.
Early life and conversion.
Wooster was born May 20, 1771 in Woodbury, Connecticut. Around 1787, he moved with his family to Westerlo, New York. He was convicted of sin October 9, 1791, and subsequently became a born again Christian on December 1, 1791. His conversion was completed by sanctification on February 6, 1792.
Ministry.
He was accepted on trial for the Methodist itinerary at the 1793 conference, and assigned to ride the Granville Circuit in Massachusetts. After a few months on the Granville circuit, he was re-assigned to the Pittsfield circuit. After another few months, he was again re-assigned, this time to the Cambridge circuit. In 1794, he was assigned to the Elizabeth Town Circuit in New Jersey. At the 1795 conference in White Plains, New York, Wooster's trial period was ended, and he was given his deacon's orders. That year he was assigned to the Columbia Circuit in New York.
In 1796, he volunteered to ride in Upper Canada, and was assigned to the Oswegotchie Circuit. He travelled north with fellow circuit rider Samuel Coate, reaching the quarterly meeting of the Upper Canada district after a twenty one day journey through a lightly populated wilderness. There he met the presiding elder Darius Dunham. At the end of the day's public business, Dunham retired with the other conference leaders to discuss organisational matters. Wooster remained behind talking to those who remained in the meeting room, proselytizing to them that they should find full redemption in the blood of Christ. Many were quite stirred by his preaching, and shouting and praised God aloud, while others were so overcome with emotion that they fell prostrate to the floor. The commotion attracted the attention of Dunham, who rushed back to the meeting room to investigate. Dunham, a "fire and brimstone" preacher, was indignant to find many of the Methodists on the floor in emotional outburst. He began praying loudly, for God to put a stop to "the raging of the wild fire." Wooster knelt beside him, and prayed "Lord Bless brother Dunham!" The pair prayed against each other for several minutes, before Dunham was overcome and also fell to the floor in emotional outburst. Afterwards, Dunham adopted much of the theological bent towards emotional preaching and theatrics of Wooster.
Although Wooster was a preacher of significant faith and fervor, he had a poor constitution, and after circuiting riding in Upper Canada through June 1798, he returned to his parent home ill, suffering from tuberculosis, and died on November 6, 1798.
Circuit rider Lorenzo "Crazy" Dow visited Wooster on his deathbed, and was inspired to follow Wooster's example, and volunteer to be sent to Upper Canada. There he preached numerous sermons around Kingston, often centering around what he maintained were Wooster's last words: "Ye must be sanctified or damned".
Preaching style.
Wooster preached in a simple, straightforward style, employing common language which allowed him to appeal widely to people unfamiliar with theology. Where John Wesley had written that sanctification must come from solemn spiritual reflection, Wooster preached that santification was achieved by being smitten by God, which was a strong, emotional experience. As a consequence, Wooster was able to effectively preach to common folk not well acquainted with religious doctrine, and often induced emotional outbursts from his audience while preaching.
Wooster employed a variety of theatrical devices in his preaching. At one Methodist meeting around the Bay of Quinte, an audience member was arranged to be disruptive, talking and swearing during the sermon. After some time, Wooster pointed at him and exclaimed ""My God, smite him!"", and the man dutifully dropped straight to the floor. In other cases, he would begin a sermon by descending a ladder, evoking Moses descending from the mount.

</doc>
<doc id="21610973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610973" title="Iais">
Iais

Iais is a genus of isopod crustaceans. "Iais" species are found in association with larger isopods of the family Sphaeromatidae, usually on the ventral surface of the larger animal, between the pereiopods and on the pleopods. They are native to Australasia and South America, although "Iais californica" and its host "Sphaeroma quoyanum" have invaded California, and "I. californica" was first described from Sausalito, California. Nine species are recognised:

</doc>
<doc id="21610994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21610994" title="Under the Influence of Bad People">
Under the Influence of Bad People

Under the Influence of Bad People is an album by Screw 32, released in 1997 on Fat Wreck Chords. 

</doc>
<doc id="21611003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611003" title="Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda">
Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda

Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda (1742 – 1788) was a Mexican colonial soldier and patriarch of the prominent Spanish Mexican Sepúlveda family in the early days of Las Californias and Alta California in present day Southern California, United States. Sepúlveda's eldest son, Juan José Sepúlveda (1764–1808), and his fifth son, Francisco Sepúlveda (1775–1853), became progenitors of two distinguished branches of the family.
Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda y García was born in Villa de Sinaloa, Mexico. His parents were Juan José Sepúlveda (1720 - ) and Ana María Josefa García (1720 - ). In 1762, Francisco Xavier married María Candelaria de Redondo. In 1781, Francisco and with wife María Candelaria de Redondo and 6 children, accompanied the José de Zúñiga Expedition into upper Las Californias. Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda died in the Pueblo de Los Ángeles and was buried at the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel cemetery on 26 January 1788.
Juan José Sepúlveda.
Juan José Sepúlveda (1764–1808), one of the sons of Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda (1742–1788), was a progenitor of one of the branches of the prominent Spanish Mexican Sepúlveda family in the early days of Southern California.
Juan José Sepúlveda was born in Villa de Sinaloa, Mexico. Juan José Sepúlveda married María Tomasa Gutiérrez (1769–1798).
José Dolores Sepúlveda.
José Dolores Sepúlveda (March 23, 1793–1824) was one of the sons of Juan José Sepúlveda (1764–1808).
Around 1810 Manuel Gutiérrez, executor of Juan José Domínguez’s will and de facto owner of his Rancho San Pedro, granted permission to then 17-year-old José Dolores Sepúlveda to herd livestock in the southwestern reaches of Rancho San Pedro. This eventually became the basis for the Sepúlveda family’s contested claim to the Rancho de los Palos Verdes, carved out of Rancho San Pedro lands. Dolores went to Monterey to settle his land title, but on his return trip, he was killed in the Chumash revolt at Mission La Purísima Concepción in 1824. In 1834, a judicial decree was made by Governor José Figueroa which was intended to settle the dispute between the Domínguez and Sepúlveda families. Juan Capistrano Sepúlveda and José Loreto Sepúlveda were awarded the Rancho de los Palos Verdes.
José Dolores Sepúlveda married María Ignacia Marcia Ávila
(1793 - ) in November 8, 1813 at Mission San Gabriel Arcángel.
Dolores Sepúlveda's 1818 adobe home is a California Historical Landmark.
Francisco Sepúlveda.
Francisco Sepúlveda (1775–1853), one of the sons of Francisco Xavier Sepúlveda (1742–1788), was a progenitor of one of the branches of the prominent Spanish Mexican Sepúlveda family in the early days of Southern California.
Francisco Sepúlveda was born in Villa de Sinaloa, Mexico. He was six when he arrived in the Pueblo de Los Ángeles with his mother and father. He married María Teodora Ramona Serrano (1786 - )in 1801. Francisco was regidor and acting alcalde there in 1825. In 1831 as a participant in the uprising against Governor Victoria he was imprisoned for a short period. He was commissioner at the Mission San Juan Capistrano from 1836 and 1837. The family moved to the west of Pueblo de Los Ángeles shortly after 1839 when Francisco was granted the Rancho San Vicente y Santa Monica by the Mexican government in recognition of his services.

</doc>
<doc id="21611008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611008" title="Orpheum Theatre (Boston)">
Orpheum Theatre (Boston)

The Orpheum Theatre is a music venue located at 1 Hamilton Place in Boston, Massachusetts. One of the oldest theaters in the United States, it was built in 1852 and was originally known as the Boston Music Hall, the original home of the Boston Symphony Orchestra. The concert hall was converted for use as a vaudeville theater in 1900. It was renamed the Orpheum Theatre in 1906. In 1915, the Orpheum was acquired by Loew's Theatres and substantially rebuilt. As of 2012, it operates as a mixed-use hall, for live music concerts.
Note: The theater has no connection with Boston's "Music Hall", which is now known as the Citi Performing Arts Center.
History.
When the Boston Symphony moved to Symphony Hall in 1900, the Boston Music Hall closed. It was converted, for use as a vaudeville theater, in 1900 and operated under a number of different names, including the Music Hall and the Empire Theatre. In 1906, it was renamed the Orpheum Theatre. In 1915, the theater was acquired by the Loew's Theatres. Loew's reopened the Orpheum in 1916 with a completely new interior designed by architect Thomas W. Lamb. 
Operated by Loew's, the theater was at first a combination vaudeville and movie theater and later a straight first-run movie house. The Orpheum closed as a movie theatre on January 31, 1971 and reopened as the Aquarius, a live concert hall, on May 27, 1971. The first featured performer was James Brown. The new owner was an African-American business owner and activist named Arthur Scott. compared his new venture to the Apollo Theater in New York City.
From 1975 to 1979, the Orpheum served as the home of the Opera Company of Boston, under director Sarah Caldwell, until that company moved to the current Boston Opera House.
The Police recorded the first half of their "Live!" album, on November 27, 1979. U2's performance in 1983 was recorded and broadcast on The "King Biscuit Flower Hour". In 1984, Aerosmith was united since Joe Perry and Brad Whitford left the band. Tin Machine recorded a portion of their live album, entitled "", here on November 20, 1991.
Currently, the theater is owned by the Drucker Realty Company. The contract to operate the Orpheum was acquired by Don Law, a Boston concert promoter, from the Live Nation entertainment company, in 2009. Law announced a major renovation for the theater, after which it reopened in late 2009. Live Nation retains a stake in the operations of Law's company, Crossroads Presents.
The current entrance to the theater is the former alley entrance, replacing the original entrance on Washington Street, which was converted into retail space.

</doc>
<doc id="21611014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611014" title="George Kontos">
George Kontos

George Nicholas Kontos (born June 12, 1985) is an American professional baseball player. A relief pitcher, he plays for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB). Kontos made his MLB debut for the New York Yankees in 2011 before he was traded to the Giants before the 2012 season. Prior to playing professionally, he played college baseball at Northwestern University. He bats and throws right-handed.
Early career.
Kontos attended Niles West High School in Skokie, Illinois, where he was named the high school baseball player of the year in Illinois in 2003. He also lettered in golf and basketball.
College career.
Kontos attended Northwestern University as an economics major, where he played for the Northwestern Wildcats baseball team in the Big Ten Conference. Despite never winning five games in a season, or finishing a season with an earned run average (ERA) below 5.00, the New York Yankees selected Kontos in the fifth round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft after his junior year.
Professional career.
Minor Leagues.
Kontos signed with the Yankees after his college career and played for the Staten Island Yankees of the Class A-Short Season New York-Penn League in 2006, winning the league championship. With a 7–3 win-loss record, 2.64 ERA, and 82 strikeouts in 78 innings pitched, "Baseball America" named Kontos a Short-Season All-Star. He pitched for the Tampa Yankees of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League in 2007 and the Trenton Thunder of the Class AA Eastern League in 2008. After starting the 2009 season with Trenton, he was promoted to the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees of the Class AAA International League.
After experiencing tightness in his pitching arm in June 2009, Kontos went on the disabled list in what he thought was a precautionary measure. Magnetic resonance imaging diagnosed a torn ulnar collateral ligament in his elbow, which required Tommy John surgery, forcing him to miss the rest of the season. Returning to action in 2010 after a ten-month recovery, Kontos shifted into a relief pitcher. That season, he pitched for Tampa, Trenton, and Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. After the 2010 season, the Yankees opted not to protect Kontos on their 40 man roster. Consequently, he was selected by the San Diego Padres from the Yankees in the Rule 5 draft that offseason. After making three appearances for the Padres during spring training in 2011, he was returned to the Yankees prior to the regular season.
Kontos began his 2011 minor league season with Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, where he pitched to a 4–4 win–loss record and a 2.64 ERA in 40 appearances. 
New York Yankees (2011).
Kontos made his major league debut on September 10, 2011 against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. Appearing in seven games for the Yankees, Kontos pitched to a 3.00 ERA in six innings, while striking out six batters. Kontos was also part of the Yankees postseason roster until the Yankees lost to the Detroit Tigers in the 2011 ALDS.
San Francisco Giants (2012–present).
Due in part to a back injury suffered by Yankees catcher Austin Romine, the Yankees traded Kontos to the San Francisco Giants in exchange for catcher Chris Stewart before the start of the 2012 season. He began the season with the Fresno Grizzlies of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League. After starting the season with a 2–0 win-loss record and a 1.71 ERA in 23 appearances, the Giants promoted him to the major leagues on June 10. Through August 14, he pitched to a 2.33 ERA and a 1.15 walks plus hits per innings pitched (WHIP) ratio in 26 games, becoming a reliable member of the Giants bullpen. Kontos got his first major league win in relief of Barry Zito, successfully recording 7 outs without allowing a baserunner. The Giants went on to win the game 6-4 against the Astros. Kontos entered the postseason for a second straight season and eventually won the 2012 World Series with the Giants by performing a 4-game sweep over the Tigers.
On June 11, 2013, Kontos was ejected for the first time in his Major League career after hitting Pittsburgh Pirates center fielder Andrew McCutchen with a pitch. On September 20, 2013, Kontos achieved notoriety as he surrendered Alex Rodriguez’s 24th career grand slam that eventually broke the record formerly held by Lou Gehrig. For the 2013 season, Kontos made 52 relief appearances going 2–2 with a 4.39 ERA.
Personal.
Kontos' younger brother, Chris, played on a traveling baseball team that was coached by Steve Bartman and his second cousin Tony

</doc>
<doc id="21611019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611019" title="Palakuan">
Palakuan

Palakuan refers to the men-only clubhouses and its institutions for military education and tribal public affairs of Puyuma (Peinan) which is an aboriginal matriarchal society in South-eastern Taiwan. Recently in December 2008, Palakuan was used by Deng Liberty Foundation(鄭南榕基金會) as the name of a web platform for groups and individuals with interests in indigenous and global issues about social and political reform in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="21611027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611027" title="Russel B. Nye">
Russel B. Nye

Russel Blaine Nye (February 17, 1913 – September 2, 1993) was an American professor of English who pioneered in popular culture studies. He is the author of a dozen books, and his book "George Bancroft: Brahmin Rebel" won the 1945 Pulitzer Prize for biography.
Born in Viola, Wisconsin, Nye received his bachelor's degree from Oberlin College in 1934 and his master's degree from the University of Wisconsin in English the following year. In 1938 he married Kathryn Chaney, and in 1940 he completed his doctorate on George Bancroft again at the University of Wisconsin. Nye taught in the English Department at Michigan State University from 1941 to 1979.
In 1970, he cofounded the Popular Culture Association with Ray B. Browne and Marshall Fishwick, and the three worked to shape a new academic discipline that blurred the traditional distinctions between high and low culture, focusing on mass culture mediums like television and the Internet and cultural archetypes like comic book heroes.
He died in Lansing, Michigan, in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21611041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611041" title="Newton Marshall">
Newton Marshall

Newton Marshall (born March 2, 1983 in St. Anne, Jamaica) is a professional Independent dogsled musher.
Biography.
Marshall joined Chukka Caribbean Adventures in 2002. He had always dreamed about working with the horses at Chukka Cove, St. Ann. His enthusiasm and hard work paid off and having moved up from gardener to other positions he was transferred to the River Valley Mountain Horseback Ride at White River Valley as a tour guide.
With a need for better educated workforce Chukka Caribbean Adventures had become pro-active in trying to further schooling for employees who want to learn while working. Chukka neighbor Shelly Kennedy runs a school teaching any employee of Chukka to read and write, if they want to learn. Newton became one of her most eager pupils, having grown up in a nearby village he had to work to support his family instead of continuing his education.
Discovery.
In 2005 Devon Anderson, another animal lover and operations manager at Chukka Cove, saw something special in Newton and handpicked him to look after a trio of new dogs at Chukka Cove Farm, renowned for its polo and now home to the Jamaica Dogsled Team. It was there he first met the future sled dogs including Marbles and Jimmy and his soon-to-be instructors Rick and Anette Johnson owners of Ah-Regah Kennel & Equipment in Mahtowa, Minnesota. “Rick started talking to me about dog sledding; I didn’t know what it was all about at the time. I watched them walk and talk to the dogs and wondered what they were doing. Rick hitched the dogs to a three-wheel cycle and asked me to run ahead and call to them in a special way -- I was surprised when they responded,” says Marshall.
By 2006 the team was a reality; youthful exuberance and a way with animals propelled Marshall to train with huskies in Minnesota. About this Marshall had this to say: “I didn’t know what to expect. I was looking forward to working with experienced dogs and to seeing a lot of snow. I knew it would be cold but thought it would be like a rainy day in Jamaica. On the first day they pulled me on a snowmobile -- my first time in the snow -- it was freezing and very shocking and I thought I was going to fly; so amazing to see dogs move that fast.” He was amazed by the Great Lakes Aquarium, the Minnesota Zoo, Gooseberry Falls State Park as well as the Corps of Engineers Lake Superior Marine Museum where he saw Duluth’s famous Aerial Bridge in action.
Even with all of this opportunity on his return to Jamaica some bad choices left Marshall without a job or a place on the Team. His poignant story plays out in the feature documentary "Sun Dogs" (2006). Throughout 2007 he worked hard to earn back the trust of Anderson and Melville and was finally welcomed back to Chukka Caribbean Adventures and the Jamaica Dogsled Team to train and escort visitors on the company’s two sled dog tours in September. As fate would have it in November, Anderson, who was to train for the 2009 Yukon Quest, had second thoughts about being away from Jamaica for so long to train and race in the Yukon and so it was decided that Newton would step in to train and qualify for the Yukon Quest.
Marshall left sunny Jamaica and arrived in a freezing Whitehorse, Yukon Territory, Canada on Friday November 29, 2007 to begin his long distance training with three-time Yukon Quest winner Hans Gatt at Gatt Kennels in Atlin, B.C. Frigid temperatures and 100-mile runs with the sled dog team were his new reality and Gatt's experience and diligence in Marshall’s training would mean his – and his team’s – survival in harsh conditions saying: “In addition to learning the skills required to mush a dogsled team over long distances, Newton will need basic dog-care and camping skills in order to survive and care for fourteen dogs for ten to fourteen days, outside in the sub-arctic in the dead of winter.”
Competition.
Marshall was up to the task and March 27–28, 2008 he competed in the 210-mile Percy DeWolfe Memorial Mail Race from Dawson City, Yukon Territory to Eagle, Alaska and back. He finished in 7th place out of a field of 15 with a time of 24hrs and 44mins and received the Sportsmanship Award from his fellow mushers.
Marshall successfully completed Alaska’s Copper Basin 300 (Jan 10 to 13, 2009) placing 13th in a field of 27 starts and became the first Jamaican ever to qualify to run in the Yukon Quest 1,000 Mile International Sled Dog Race. On February 26, 2009, he finished the Yukon Quest, placing 13th out of 29 racers. He brought 10 dogs to the finish line and earned $3,000. He also won the Challenge of the North Award. Race officials voted for the Jamaican musher because he best exemplified the "Spirit of the Quest," which compels mushers to challenge themselves and persevere. His bright smile and positive attitude have made him a fan favorite.
In 2010, JDT musher Newton Marshall made international headlines when he became the first Caribbean musher ever to finish the famous Iditarod - the prestigious 1100-mile race from Willow to Nome, Alaska. He finished the race in 47th position out of a field of 71 mushers. His finishing time was 12 days, 4 hours, 27 minutes, 28 seconds. He trained for the race with four-time Iditarod champion Lance Mackey.
2010 Iditarod.
Marshall was one of the rookie mushers in the 2010 Iditarod race. He was the first Jamaican to compete in the race. His team was financially supported by Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville cafes and he was using borrowed sled dogs from Lance Mackey's Comeback Kennel. Marshall had been training with Mackey for this race.
Newton came in 47th place in 12 days, 4 hours, 27 minutes, and 28 seconds.
2011 Iditarod.
Marshall returned to compete the next year. His bib number was 6. However, he withdrew from the race on February 12 at 1:01 pm. He had taken both his "layovers" and scratched at the checkpoint Anvik. He had 11 dogs when he scratched
2013 Iditarod.
After a 1 year absence Marshall returned to compete in the 2013 Iditarod independent of any major sponsorship, he ran a team of leased & borrowed dogs.But once again was forced to scratch when his now famous dog "Wrong Way May" got free from the team while Newton helped another competitor who was having trouble,May ran the trail backwards and was found 7 days later alive & well, near the race starting point nearly 300 miles from where she had gotten away..
2014 Iditarod.
Marshall returned to Alaska one more time, again without a Major Sponsor he funded his team with the help of a couple local businesses "Acme Auto Glass" & "Black Lake Buildings" of Wasilla, as well as donations through Crowd-funding and Social Media. With a small team of Volunteers and a borrowed mixed team of dogs from the kennels of Kathleen Fredricks & fellow competitor Wade Marrs. Newton Marshall finished the race in the 43rd position out of 69 mushers, on a trail that was called the toughest in the 42 year history of the race, and saw many veterans and past champions not make it to the finish line. He finished the race in 12 days 1 hour 5 min. 52 seconds with 13 dogs in harness and was presented with the "Herbie Nayokpuk Award" given to the musher who best mimics Herbie with his/her attitude on the trail. Newton also made headlines during the race for coming to the aide of fellow musher Scott Janssen the "Mushing Mortician" who had broken his ankle on the on the trail and could not get back to his sled. Janssen laid in the icy overflow of the river until Marshall arrived.

</doc>
<doc id="21611048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611048" title="List of New Mexico Bowl broadcasters">
List of New Mexico Bowl broadcasters

This is a list of New Mexico Bowl broadcasters

</doc>
<doc id="21611068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611068" title="Declan Edwards">
Declan Edwards

Declan Edwards (born 23 December 1989) is an Irish footballer who formerly played for Stockport County as a striker. 
He joined Stockport County in 2008 having prior to this played for St. Joseph's, Dun Laoghaire. He joined County having played for them on trial against Manchester United in the Manchester Senior Cup in 2007. He made his debut for the club as a substitute against Bristol Rovers in August 2009.
He joined Galway United before the 2009 Irish season began and made his Galway debut on the opening day of the 2009 season. He scored his only league goal at Drogheda United in April 2009. He went on to make a total of 17 appearances scoring twice for the Tribesmen.
He joined Northwich Victoria on loan in September 2009 making his only league appearance as a second half substitute on his debut at Gainsborough Trinity, a match that Northwich won 4-1. He played in two minor cup matches for the team, scoring his only goal for the club in their Mid-Cheshire FA Senior Cup match against Middlewich Town.
In February 2010 Edwards was on trial at Shamrock Rovers and scored on his debut in the Hoops' first pre-season game.
In March 2010 he was released by Stockport County. He signed for Cork City FORAS Co-op but the deal fell through after international clearance for the transfer was sought.
He has represented his country at Schools level, having played in the Republic of Ireland U18 Schools Centenary Shield match in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21611071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611071" title="Record Store Day">
Record Store Day

Record Store Day is an internationally celebrated day observed the third Saturday of April each year. Its purpose is to celebrate the culture of the independently owned record store. The day brings together fans, artists, and thousands of independent record stores across the world.
Sparked by a comment by Bull Moose employee Chris Brown that something could be done along the lines of Free Comic Book Day, and with inspiration from a brainstorming session during a record store owners' meeting in Baltimore, Record Store Day was officially founded in 2007 by Eric Levin, Michael Kurtz, Carrie Colliton, Amy Dorfman, Don Van Cleave and Brian Poehner and is now celebrated at stores across the world, with hundreds of recording and other artists participating in the day by making special appearances, performances, meet and greets with their fans, the holding of art exhibits, and the issuing of special vinyl and CD releases along with other promotional products to mark the occasion. Each store holds their own party for the day, making it a true celebration of the individuality of each store, and the place it holds in its community. Record Store Day, the day, may only be once a year, but Record Store Day, the organization, provides promotions, marketing, and other opportunities for stores throughout the year, maintaining a website, social media and other means of spreading the word about the special place that is the independent record store. Record Store Day is managed on a day-to-day basis by the Dept. of Record Stores, along with the Coalition of Independent Music Stores and the Alliance of Independent Media Stores.
2008.
Unofficial Ambassadors: James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett and Robert Trujillo of Metallica.
Metallica officially kicked off Record Store Day 2008 at Rasputin Music in Mountain View on April 19, 2008. They signed autographs for 500 fans, 100 of which were MetClub members. Non Metclub members had to wear red numbered wristbands while the Metclub members wore blue ones. Metallica in conjunction with Rasputin Music gave away free t-shirts sized small to extra-large to all of the fans that got their autographs. There were approximately 10 special Record Store Day releases in the first year, including releases by Death Cab For Cutie, R.E.M., Stephen Malkmus, Vampire Weekend, The Teenagers, Black Kids, and Jason Mraz. Billy Bragg met Record Store Day co-founder Michael Kurtz in an airport and agreed to help kick off Record Store Day in the UK with a special live appearance. Approximately 300 stores launched Record Store Day in the USA, including Waterloo Records, School Kids Records, and Vintage Vinyl. The first organized involvement by UK stores included Piccadilly Records in Manchester, Jumbo Records in Leeds, Resident in Brighton, Sister Ray and Rough Trade in London, Rapture in Witney, Oxfordshire, Spillers in Cardiff and Avalanche Records in Edinburgh and Glasgow.
2009.
The second annual Record Store Day was celebrated on Saturday, April 18, 2009 with approximately 85 special releases and appearances by the likes of Slayer, Tom Waits, Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen, Iron & Wine, The Stooges, MC5, Wilco, Disturbed, Killswitch Engage, Erykah Badu, Talib Kweli, The Eagles of Death Metal. The total number of artist appearances in the US was approximately 500. Wilco's Jeff Tweedy announced that "there would be no Wilco if it weren't for independent record stores" and the band made a surprise appearance on Record Store Day @ the Disc Exchange in Knoxville, TN. Eagles of Death Metal's Jesse Hughes announced that he was the official "Ambassador of Record Store Day" and the band made an appearance at Rhino Records. Mayor Mike Bloomberg announced that the City of New York officially recognized Record Store Day as a city-wide event and the judges on American Idol talked about their favorite records in honor of Record Store Day in the episode of American Idol prior to the event. Even though 95% of the special releases made for Record Store Day were for the USA, the event began to grow internationally with over 1,000 record stores in the US, the UK, Ireland, Japan, Canada, Italy, Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands, and Germany all participated in the international event.
2010.
The third annual Record Store Day took place on Saturday, April 17, 2010. The official ambassador for the event was Joshua Homme. The official book of the event was ""Last Shop Standing: Whatever Happened to Record Shops by Graham Jones"". KCRW's Gary Calamar and Phil Gallo also released their own self-published book, "Record Store Days", which talks about independent record stores, with artist quotes provided by www.recordstoreday.com used throughout the book, and a specific chapter devoted to Record Store Day. NYC Mayor Mike Bloomberg and New York City once again honored the day. Anything Anything with Rich Russo released a vinyl album of local bands performing on his radio show as well as doing a bus tour visiting numerous New York and New Jersey record stores. Several artists made in-store appearances to mark the event:The Smashing Pumpkins announced that they would kick off the tour promoting their new album with a special Record Store Day concert at Amoeba in Hollywood, CA. Other artists to announce special appearances included Frank Black, Exene Cervenka, Angie Stone, Jason Derulo, Alice in Chains, Mastodon, Josh Ritter, HIM, Slash, Sick Puppies, Care Bears on Fire, and Emmylou Harris. The year's event was also celebrated by giving young artists an opportunity to showcase their talent in the form of a national "Record Store Day: High School Battle of the Bands". Local, participating independent record stores nominated one local high school band by picking a cut from the band's supplied recording and entered their name and song cut into the contest. A panel of record executives and members from the Fender Corporation judged the entrants. Nine national semi-finalists were chosen to appear on a limited edition, compilation vinyl LP of their winning songs. Pressed by Gotta Groove, the LP features digital convenience. On the day of the event, it was announced that the grand prize winning band was SANUK, an indie band of HS students from Indianapolis, Indiana. They received a generous prize package of musical gear from the Fender Corporation and recording time with recording greats - Jack Ponti and Kevin "The Caveman" Shirley. SANUK was championed by their local record store, Indy CD & Vinyl. The sponsors of the contest were Caroline Distribution and EMI Label Services, Fender, and Fender Music Foundation. Aside from the Band Battle contest, many participating record stores had a line-up of live talent performing throughout the day. In 2010, more than 1,400 independent record stores participated in the unofficial holiday. More than 1,000 were from the US alone. Record stores saw a 41% increase in sales over the previous year's celebration, and a 109% increase over the previous Saturday's sales. By this time, the event had become such a nationally recognized event, that in the U.S., it was even referenced on "Saturday Night Live." During the year, the first Black Friday Record Store Day was also held, on November 26, 2010.
This year's releases included:
2011.
The fourth annual record store day took place on Saturday, April 16, 2011. The official ambassador for the event was Ozzy Osbourne. Over six-hundred artists celebrated the event with in-store appearances, making it the world's largest music event of its kind. Artists who made in-store appearances included Beastie Boys, the Foo Fighters, Duran Duran, My Chemical Romance, Wiz Khalifa, Todd Rundgren, Anvil, Del McCoury and the New Orleans Jazz Preservation Band, Regina Spektor, Jack White and Jerry Lee Lewis, the dBs, The Raveonettes, TV on the Radio, Frightened Rabbit, the Deftones, Chuck D, the Beach Boys's Al Jardine, Lonely Island, and Josh Groban. Most of the releases for the year were limited between 300 and 7000 copies worldwide. According to Billboard Magazine, the 182,000 bump in unit sales in the week that Record Store Day was held was directly attributed to the success of the event itself. The official film of the event was "Sound It Out", a feature-length documentary directed by Jeanie Finlay, documenting the Sound It Out Records shop in Stockton-on-Tees, the very last record shop in Teesside. The film premiered to critical acclaim at SxSW and had its joint premiere at SheffDocFest and the Edinburgh International Film Festival. During the year, the second Black Friday Record Store Day was also held, on November 25, 2011.
This year's releases included:
Releases for the Black Friday Record Store Day included:
2012.
The fifth annual Record Store Day took place on Saturday, April 21, 2012. The official ambassador for the event was Iggy Pop. This year, over 400 different releases were made for the day, including:
To coincide with Record Store Day 2012, the UK's Official Chart Company launched the Official Record Store Chart, a weekly music chart based solely on sales from independent record shops. The chart was first issued on 20 April 2012, the eve of Record Store Day 2012.
2013.
RSD 2013 was held on April 20, 2013. Record Store Day co-founder Michael Kurtz was knighted in France in January. The official ambassador was Jack White of the White Stripes and Third Man Records. Their album "Elephant" was reissued in a 10th anniversary edition LP, with black-and-red vinyl on one side, and white vinyl on the other.
The list of releases for 2013 included:
In addition, Boards of Canada used RSD 2013 to launch a viral marketing campaign for their much anticipated album, Tomorrow's Harvest, when a new vinyl record by the band was placed in a New York record store for purchase. The record allegedly sold on eBay for $5,700 but the buyer ended up being a fraud. It was later sold in a closed auction for an undisclosed sum.
2014.
RSD 2014 was held on 19 April 2014.
The list of releases included:

</doc>
<doc id="21611095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611095" title="George Turnbull">
George Turnbull

George Turnbull may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21611101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611101" title="Mike McCarthy (producer)">
Mike McCarthy (producer)

Michael McCarthy was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on February 22, 1965. He is a record producer and has been recording music since 1984.
McCarthy has worked as a producer on five Spoon albums, from "Girls Can Tell" until "Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga", as well as Patty Griffin's "Children Running Through", Sound Team's "Movie Monster", and …And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, "The Features and The Sun".
McCarthy currently lives in Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21611105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611105" title="Hertingfordbury">
Hertingfordbury

Hertingfordbury is a small village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England, close to the county town of Hertford. It was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Location.
Hertingfordbury lies one mile west of Hertford on the A414 road. Ribbon development along that road has yet to reach the village, which retains a rural character. The village straddles the River Mimram, on which was built a water mill in the 18th Century, and lies just north of the River Lea. The northern boundary of the village is Panshanger Park, with its Great Oak, considered by some to be the oldest oak in England.
Domesday Book.
The village was mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Herefordingberie, meaning "Stronghold of the people of Hertford".
""Ralph himself holds Herefordingberie. It is assessed at 5 hides. There is land for 10 ploughs. In demesne are 3 hides and 1 virgate, and there are 2 ploughs, and there can be a third. There 5 villans with 1 Frenchman and 6 bordars have 5 ploughs, and there can be 2 more. There are 11 cottars and 4 slaves, and 2 mills rendering 6s, meadow for 3 ploughs, pasture for the livestock of the vill and woodland for 200 pigs. From woodland pasture, 7s. In all it is worth £8; when received, £6; TRE £10. Alwine, a thegn of Earl Harold, held this manor and could sell.
St. Mary's Church.
St. Mary’s Church is situated on rising ground to the east of the village, overlooking the water meadows that lead down to the River Mimram. A church seems to have stood on this spot as early as the 13th century. Construction is mainly of local flints with stone dressing, and the roof is tiled. Extensive alterations and restorations were carried out in 1845 and 1890. Inside the church is some interesting alabaster work, including the pulpit, and oak carvings by a native of Oberammergau. The churchyard contains the unmarked grave of Jane Wenham, erroneously believed to be the last person to be sentenced to death for witchcraft in England. She was condemned by a Hertford court in 1712 but was given a reprieve from the death sentence and later granted a Royal pardon by Queen Anne. Originally from Walkern her cause was adopted by William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper, and she lived out her days in a cottage on his land in Hertingfordbury. Also buried in the churchyard are members of the Cowper family, and Benjamin Truman, owner of the Truman Brewery in the 18th Century. An American heiress, Pauline Payne Whitney, who had married Lord Queenborough, is buried there as is their daughter, Dorothy Paget,a racehorse owner, whose horses won the Cheltenham Gold Cup seven times and the Champion Hurdle four. Her funeral procession included a string of race horses, whose jockeys included Gordon Richards
The village.
Both Hertingfordbury Park, former residence of the Cowper family, and St Joseph's In The Park, a private primary school, stand to the east of St. Mary's. David and Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn attended the school.
Interesting houses in the village include “Epcombs”, a Georgian brick house reputedly visited by Jane Austen and “Amores“, which stands in a triangle in the centre of the village and is over 500 years old. Two of the pubs in the village are The White Horse Hotel, which is a 15th-century Georgian-fronted building that in the past was a staging post for the Reading to Cambridge coach and The Prince of Wales. To the north-east of the church is the Old Rectory, formerly home of the Addis family, descendants of William Addis, inventor of the first mass-produced toothbrush. There was an Addis brush factory in Hertford from 1920 to the 1990s.
Mayflower Place was commissioned by Countess Cowper and built in 1910. It was originally for the workers and their families from the Panshanger Estate. It is now owned by the East Herts Lodge of Freemasons.
A by-pass was constructed in 1974. Since then the village has changed in character and it now provides homes for those who commute daily to London rather than for farm workers. Shops, such as a baker's and a post office, have disappeared.
Hertingfordbury was formerly served by a station on the Hertford to Hatfield line. Passenger services ceased in 1951 and the line eventually fell victim to the Beeching Axe when goods traffic ceased in 1966. The station, which was the setting for scenes in the 1936 film When Knights Were Bold, has now been converted into a residence. The disused railway line is now the Cole Green Way, popular with walkers, riders and cyclists.
Hertingfordbury Cricket Club plays at the recreation ground as does Hertingfordbury Tennis Club, which was formed at a public meeting in 1961. There is an annual fete on the third Saturday in June to raise funds for the upkeep of the recreation ground.
The Parish.
Details of the Parish council minutes meetings and other news can be found here.
There is a traditional village primary school in Birch Green known as Hertingfordbury Cowper. The original school was a classic Victorian school house, which now has some modern extensions. There are children at the school who are 4th generation attendees.
See also.
British History Online: pages on Hertingfordbury
Cole Green Way

</doc>
<doc id="21611109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611109" title="2009 AFC Cup group stage">
2009 AFC Cup group stage

The group stage of the AFC Cup (Asian Football Confederation) matches took place between 10 March and 19 May 2009.
Groups.
West Asia.
Group E.
Al-Majd were found guilty of fielding an ineligible player (Khaled Mansoor Al Baba) in four matches (vs. Al Faisaly (JOR) on 07.04.2009 and 21.04.2009; vs. Dempo SC (IND) on 05.05.2009 and vs. Muharraq (BHR) on 19.05.2009) of the AFC Cup. All these matches have been awarded 3–0 to the teams who played against Al Majd and the club has been fined USD 4000 for every match. The player was ineligible because he was registered by the club outside the recognized window(s) for registration as provided for by FIFA and AFC. Al Majd's fine was later withdrawn after appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="21611124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611124" title="The Chinese Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study">
The Chinese Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study

The Chinese Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLS) is a longitudinal survey being conducted by the China Center for Economic Research at Peking University with Professor Yaohui Zhao of Peking University serving as Principal Investigator and Professors John Strauss of the University of Southern California and Albert Park of Oxford University serving as co-Principal Investigators.
Goals.
The survey will collect a representative sample of Chinese 45 and older every two years to enable multidisciplinary studies on issues related to population ageing. China is one of the fastest ageing countries in the world and accounts for a large fraction of the growth in the world’s old. By 2050, China’s elderly (65 and older) population share is expected to reach 30%.
Funding.
The pilot survey is funded by the National Institute on Aging, the World Bank, and Natural Science Foundation of China.
Data Collection.
The questionnaire contains information on household demographics, transfers among family members, health status, health care, employment, income, consumption and assets, as well as information on health facilities of the community and government policies in local areas. The CHARLS is designed on the models of health and retirement studies originated from the Health and Retirement Study (HRS) in the U.S., but has the advantage of including information on the community the respondent resides and local policies. Due to large internal variations of government policies, the data will enable analyses of policy impacts in the process of population ageing. Other countries participating in this international network of ageing studies include England, fifteen countries in continental Europe, Israel, India, Korea, and Japan.
Initial Results.
The pilot survey was conducted in two provinces (Zhejiang and Gansu) in 2008 and collected data on roughly 1,600 households. The pilot data of 2008 has been released to the research community since April 30, 2009. The national baseline survey is being planned for 2011. CHARLS data will be available for download by researchers at no cost.

</doc>
<doc id="21611171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611171" title="Harness Horse of the Year">
Harness Horse of the Year

The Harness Horse of the Year is an honor recognizing the top harness racing horse in the United States. The award is selected by the United States Trotting Association and the United States Harness Writers Association.
The inaugural honor was awarded to Victory Song of Castleton Farms Stables who was named the "Harness Horse of 1947" by a committee that consisted of 50 harness racing writers, radio commentators and sports editors. Victory Song picked up 23 first-place votes, to lead a field of 22 horses that had been nominated for the honor, edging stablemate Hoot Mon who finished in second in the balloting. Victory Song had set the harness racing record for stallions with a time of 1:57.6 in the mile. E. Roland Harriman, president of the Trotting Horse Club of America, announced the award and indicated that the enthusiasm shown for the honor led to the decision to make the "Harness Horse of the Year" an annual event.
Good Time became the first horse to win the honor two times, winning in both 1949 and 1952. Good Time held the single-season money record at the time of $110,299 and received 80 first-place votes from the 99 writers participating in that year's balloting, after finishing first in 23 starts in 1952, with three second-place finishes and two finishes in third.
In 1956, Scott Frost became the first horse to win the Harness of the Year honors in consecutive years, earning the first place on the ballots of 66 of the 95 writers participating that year. Driven by Joe O'Brien, Scott Frost won 18 of 21 starts in 1956, coming in second in the three other races.
Past winners.
Horses that have been recognized as Harness Horse of the Year are:

</doc>
<doc id="21611178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611178" title="Go Girls">
Go Girls

Go Girls is a New Zealand comedy/drama television series that has been the subject of a US adaptation, whose first four seasons centered around four adult friends, three female and one male, living on Auckland's North Shore. Dissatisfied with their lives, they make challenging promises to each other that they endeavour to fulfill throughout the series.
Synopsis.
"Go Girls" began airing in New Zealand in February 2009. In June 2012 after the show's fourth season proved another ratings winner for its channel, Go Girls was signed on for a fifth season that began screening the following year. With many of the show's core cast (including Jay Ryan and Anna Hutchison) having departed for other roles, the fifth season featured an entirely new cast but a similar theme.
The show was created by Rachel Lang, who co-created the popular "Outrageous Fortune" television series, and Gavin Strawhan ("Burying Brian"). The two are responsible for the writing of the show, along with Kate McDermott.
The first episode screened in Australia on 8 August 2009.
On November, 2013 the series alongside Nothing Trivial will be not returning in 2014 due to low ratings.
Production.
Exterior shots of characters' homes are located in Mairangi Bay, Takapuna, Vauxhall and Cheltenham, North Shore respectively. The interior shots of the homes are constructed completely inside South Pacific Pictures' studio facilities on the North Shore.
The workshop 'Ezytune', where the characters Cody and Kevin work, is actually a Midas workshop located on Wairau Road in Glenfield, North Shore City. The show's producers acquire use of the workshop and simply place an 'Ezytune' sign over the existing Midas lettering during filming.
The bar frequented by the characters, 'The Taka', is a completely fictitious premises and was constructed within a studio. An enlarged photograph of the Hauraki Gulf, with volcano Rangitoto Island in the background, is used as the backdrop outside of the windows of the bar, this can be noticed in some scenes filmed on the bar's decking area.
Music.
Continuing with co-producer Lang's theme throughout "Outrageous Fortune" of using only New Zealand music within the series, Go Girls features an array of New Zealand bands and artists.
The opening theme to the show "Piece of my Heart" by The Electric Confectionaires, was fittingly chosen as the band originate from the North Shore area.
As well as an eclectic mix of New Zealand songs throughout the season's episodes, a few set artists and songs were chosen to represent the show. The set score of the show most notably consists of music by three specific artists. Used in almost every episode to set mood, is music taken mostly from the New Zealand band, The Brunettes 2002 debut album, "Holding Hands, Feeding Ducks". At least one song from this album can be found in every one of the 13 episodes of season one. A cover of the song "End of the Runway" from the album is sung by actress Alix Bushnell, who plays Britta McMann, in the final episode during characters Cody and Eli's wedding dance.
Another artist from the North Shore, Lydia Cole, features often with her song "Come With'", from her 2008 album "Twenty Years".
The Electric Confectionaires song "Mr Whippy" is also used within the show.
Reviews.
The show received mostly positive reviews upon airing.
The "New Zealand Herald" reviewer said about "Go Girls": "It has not only restored my faith in television and womankind, but it made me laugh out loud in the process" and another reviewer from the same paper said "It looks good for a laugh provided by a set of appealing Shore girl characters.". "The Sunday Star Times" said "It's the scripts that make it - more productions of this calibre please"
However, not all reviews were positive with a reviewer for the "Dominion Post" newspaper saying "Go Girls" had "Bad overacting, no direction, lame dialogue and characters that don't ring true made for a truly tedious hour of viewing".
U.S. Adaptation.
In October 2009 it was announced "Go Girls" would be adapted for U.S television by ABC. Liz Tuccillo, a writer on "Sex and the City" and the book and film "He's Just Not That Into You". In November 2010 it was reported that the series is currently being developed by writer Michael Oates Palmer ("Army Wives", "Kyle XY"). The American version will be a loose adaption described as being about "a single man and his three single female friends, all in their early-mid 30s, trying to make relationships work in a major American city while all their other college friends are off starting families"
Episodes.
"Main article:" List of Go Girls episodes

</doc>
<doc id="21611180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611180" title="Vernon Hopper">
Vernon Hopper

Vernon Hopper was an American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Hopper was the third head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for four seasons, from 1939 until 1942. His coaching record at Adams State was 5 wins, 17 losses, and 2 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 15th at Adams State in total wins and 18th at Adams State in winning percentage (.250).

</doc>
<doc id="21611187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611187" title="Neal Mehring">
Neal Mehring

Neal Eugene Mehring was an American football player and coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Mehring was the fourth head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1946 until 1947. His coaching record at Adams State was 11 wins, 4 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him tenth at Adams State in total wins and third at Adams State in winning percentage (.733).

</doc>
<doc id="21611191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611191" title="Miss Universe UK 2008">
Miss Universe UK 2008

The Miss Universe UK 2008 pageant was held on May 4, 2008. That year only 50 candidates competed for the national crown. The chosen winner represents the United Kingdom at Miss Universe 2008. The runner up will represent the country in different International pageants. 
Results.
Special awards.
A petition was signed by over 20 of the contestants for the Miss Universe organisation to look into the Miss Universe UK (now Miss Universe GB) company, because there were widespread rumours of the competition results being a fix. Disputes were raised over the fact that several of the judges who sat in front of the audience for the catwalk round, were not present for the interview section and vice versa. It was also questioned why the winner Lisa Lazarus, was a close friend of the event organisers and owner of Vibe Models, it was widely known that the winner travelled from Wales to the London event with the organisers and that they even travelled together to rehearsals.
Although girls who were not a UK size 8-10 competed, the organization confirmed after the event, that the winner needed to be this size in the letter that was sent as a reply to the allegations that the winner had already been decided before the event. All involved were assured by organisers that there was no foul play and that even though the winner had posed in provocative nude photoshoots and done other glamour modelling, that this is acceptable and she can still be crowned, though other beauty queens such as Danielle Lloyd were dethroned for doing similar shoots.
These allegations were silenced when the organisers threatened to sue those who questioned the fairness of the competition and nothing has clearly been proven, though since this time the choreographer for the Miss Universe Organisation, Michael Schwandt has also indicated that the competition may be fixed.

</doc>
<doc id="21611194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611194" title="William C. Heiss">
William C. Heiss

William C. "Bill" Heiss, Jr. (born c. 1923) is a former American football player and coach of multiple sports. He served as the head football coach at Adams State College (1948–1949), St. Cloud State University (1950), Colorado College (1951–1953), and the University of Northern Colorado (1963–1965), compiling a career college football record of 40–34–5. Heiss was also the head basketball coach at Colorado College for one season in 1951–1952, tallying a mark of 2–14, and the head baseball coach at the University of Denver from 1955 to 1959, amassing a record of 70–61–1. His 1957 baseball team won the Skyline Conference championship. Heiss played college football at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in the mid-1940s.
Early life and playing career.
Heiss attended West Aurora High School in Aurora, Illinois. He then played football at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, primarily as an end, from 1944 to 1946. The 1946 Illinois team won the Big Ten Conference championship, with Heiss leading the team in pass receptions on offense and interceptions on defense. On October 26 of that season, Illinois visited Michigan in Ann Arbor for a game that ultimately decided the conference title. With the Illini trailing 7–0 in the first half, Heiss caught a 30-yard pass from Perry Moss, advancing to the Michigan 16-yard line and setting up a touchdown by Paul Patterson that tied the score going into halftime. Illinois won the game, 13–9. The Illini finished the season at the Rose Bowl on January 1, 1947, beating UCLA, 45–14.
Coaching career.
University of Detroit.
Heiss was an assistant football coach and freshman basketball coach at the University of Detroit in 1947–48.
Adams State.
Heiss was the fifth head football coach at Adams State College in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for two seasons, from 1948 until 1949, winning the New Mexico conference in 1949. His coaching record at Adams State was 11 wins, 5 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him tenth at Adams State in total wins and fifth at Adams State in winning percentage (.676).
St. Cloud State.
During 1950–51, Heiss was the head football, wrestling, and tennis coach at St. Cloud State Teachers College. He won conference and AAU championships in wrestling.
Colorado College.
From 1951 to 1953, Heiss was the head football coach at Colorado College.
Iowa State.
Heiss was an assistant football coach at Iowa State University in 1954.
Denver University.
From 1955 to 1959, Heiss was an assistant football coach and head baseball coach at the University of Denver. In March 1958, he interviewed for the head football coaching position at Montana State University.
Northern Colorado.
Heiss coached at the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley, Colorado for three seasons, from 1963 through 1965. At Northern Colorado, his teams posted a total record of 12 wins, 14 losses, and 2 ties. A rarity occurred in the 1964 season when the opposing team, Northern Arizona, forfeited the game on December 10, 1964. From 1965 to 1981, Heiss was the head tennis coach at Northern Colorado. He twice won the school's Coach of the Year award.

</doc>
<doc id="21611197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611197" title="List of BBVA Compass Bowl broadcasters">
List of BBVA Compass Bowl broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="21611210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611210" title="Mariano Padilla y Ramos">
Mariano Padilla y Ramos

Mariano Padilla y Ramos (1842 – 21 November 1906) was a Spanish operatic baritone who excelled in the title role of Mozart's "Don Giovanni".
Life.
He studied under Teodulo Mabellini in Florence and appeared in many European countries, including England, where he sang in Giacomo Meyerbeer's "Dinorah" in 1881. He appeared at Covent Garden in 1887. He appeared in Prague that year in the centenary performance of "Don Giovanni".
He is perhaps best remembered as the man whom the Belgian soprano Désirée Artôt married, to the great surprise of her unofficial fiancé, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Artôt had been performing in Russia in 1868, where she met and fell in love with Tchaikovsky. Her feelings were reciprocated, and they discussed marriage, although they were never formally engaged. Nevertheless, there was an understanding of sorts between them. She had to continue on her touring schedule and left for Warsaw, but they planned to meet again at her estate near Paris in the summer of 1869.
However, without any warning or communication with Tchaikovsky (as the social conventions of the time would have demanded), Artôt married Padilla y Ramos - they were members of the same opera company - although she had earlier ridiculed him to Tchaikovsky, and he was seven years her junior (Tchaikovsky himself was five years her junior). The marriage occurred on 15 September 1869, either in Sèvres or Warsaw.
Their daughter, the soprano Lola Artôt de Padilla, also became a noted opera singer.
Mariano Padilla y Ramos died in Paris in November 1906, aged 64, just four months before Désirée Artôt died.

</doc>
<doc id="21611214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611214" title="Euroregion Bug">
Euroregion Bug

Euroregion Bug is a Euroregion that encompasses cross-border areas of Belarus, Poland and Ukraine. The main aim of the agreement is to develop co-operation in the fields of: regional development, transport, communication, delivery of energy and water, nature protection, industry, trade, agriculture, education, science research, healthcare, culture, art, tourism, recreation and crime and public menace prevention.
__NOTOC__
History.
It was established on September 29, 1995 when the governors of the former Polish voivodships (which were later rehashed by the administration reform of 1999) Lublin Voivodeship (Edward Hunk), Chełm Voivodeship (Marian Cichosz), Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship (Pawel Stawowy), Zamość Voivodeship (Stanislaw Rapa), and the Ukrainian Volyn Oblast (Borys Klymchuk) met in Lutsk to establish the association. 
In May 1998 Belarus joined the Euroregion and, accordingly, among the new areas were added: the Polish Biała Podlaska Voivodeship and Belarusian Brest Voblast. Among the signatories were governors K.Michalski (Lublin Voivodeship), L.Burakowski (Chełm Voivodeship), M.Czarnecki (Biała Podlaska Voivodeship), M.Grzelaczyk (Zamość Voivodeship), W.Stasiak (Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship), V.A.Zalomai (Brest Voblast), B.Klymchuk (Volyn Oblast) and heads of local councils L.A.Lemyeshevski (Brest Voblast), V.Dmytruk (Volyn Oblast).
After the Polish reform of 1999, the Euroregion members representation has simplified including only three Brest Voblast, Volyn Oblast, and Lublin Voivodeship. 
On May 12, 2000 two Ukrainian raions of Lviv Oblast Sokal and Zhovkva that are bordering Poland were admitted as new members of the region.
Geography.
Its area is about 80,000 km2, population over 5,000,000. There are three administrative centers in the regions Lublin, Brest, and Lutsk that are also the biggest cities as well.

</doc>
<doc id="21611215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611215" title="Orthodenticle">
Orthodenticle

Orthodenticle is a homeobox gene involved in "Drosophila" head development. It produces a homeodomain protein which controls the development of cells in the developing head of embryos. It defines the midline of the head, and is involved in the formation of the top side of the head, including the eyes.
The gene breaks the head down into subdomains; the medial subdomain (contains the ocelli); the mediolaterial ; and the lateral (just above the compound eyes). If "orthodenticle" is not expressed, structures from the lateral subdomain will be expressed all the way over the head - meaning that ocelli are not produced.

</doc>
<doc id="21611229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611229" title="Minuscule 227">
Minuscule 227

Minuscule 227 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 118 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 158 parchment leaves (size ). The leaves are arranged in quarto (four leaves in quire). The text is written in one column per page, 27 lines per page. Some leaves were dislocated by binder.
The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, whose numbers are given at the margin, but references to the Eusebian Canons are absent. 
It contains Prolegomena to the four Gospels, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, pictures. Many corrections were made by a later hand, which dates 1308.
It contains portraits of the four Evangelists.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the K1. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It belongs to the textual cluster Ω.
History.
A later hand, which dates from 1308, has been making corrections.
The manuscript belonged to Pedro Hurtado de Mendoza (1578–1651), along with minuscule 819.
It was described by Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer, who collated it about 1783 for Birch (Esc. 5). It was shortly described by Emmanuel Miller in 1848.
It is currently housed at the Escurial (Cod. Escurialensis, X. III. 15).

</doc>
<doc id="21611268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611268" title="List of shipwrecks in 1951">
List of shipwrecks in 1951

The list of shipwrecks in 1951 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="21611269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611269" title="Bill Peterman">
Bill Peterman

William David "Bill" Peterman (March 20, 1921 – March 13, 1999) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Peterman played for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. In 1 career game, he had 1 hit in 1 at-bat, having a 1.000 career batting average. He batted and threw right-handed.
Peterman was born and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21611277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611277" title="Copa del Rey de Baloncesto 2008–09">
Copa del Rey de Baloncesto 2008–09

The Copa del Rey 2008-09 was the 73rd edition of the Spanish basketball Cup. It was managed by the ACB and was disputed in Madrid, Community of Madrid in the Palacio de Deportes between days 19 and 22 of February. The winning team was TAU Vitoria.

</doc>
<doc id="21611285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611285" title="Gregg Hurwitz">
Gregg Hurwitz

Gregg Hurwitz is an American author of crime novels and comic books.
Personal life and education.
Hurwitz grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area graduating from Bellarmine College Preparatory in San Jose. While completing a bachelor of arts degree from Harvard University (1995) and a master's from Trinity College, Oxford in Shakespearean tragedy (1996), he wrote his first novel. He was the undergraduate scholar-athlete of the year at Harvard for pole vaulting and played college soccer in England, where he was a Knox Fellow.
He lives in Los Angeles.
Career.
Hurwitz is the author of "The Tower", "Minutes to Burn", "Do No Harm", "The Kill Clause", "The Program", "Troubleshooter", "Last Shot", "The Crime Writer", and "Trust No One". His books have been shortlisted for best novel of the year by the International Thriller Writers, nominated for the CWA Ian Fleming Steel Dagger, chosen as feature selections for all four major literary book clubs, honored as Book Sense Picks, and translated into sixteen languages.
He has written screenplays for Jerry Bruckheimer Films, Paramount Studios, MGM, and ESPN, developed television series for Warner Bros. and Lakeshore, written "Wolverine", "Punisher", and "Foolkiller" for Marvel Comics, and published numerous academic articles on Shakespeare. He has taught fiction writing in the USC English Department, and guest lectured for UCLA, and for Harvard in the United States and around the world. In the course of researching his thrillers, he has snuck onto demolition ranges with Navy SEALs, swam with sharks in the Galápagos Islands, and gone undercover into mind-control cults. He has written and produced season two of the TV show "V".
He became the writer of "" for DC Comics in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21611314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611314" title="Ctenochaetus flavicauda">
Ctenochaetus flavicauda

Ctenochaetus flavicauda is a Tang from the Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 11.8 cm (4.6 in) in length, making it the smallest ctenochaetus tang, and also the smallest acanthurid. As a juvenile it is a bright yellow color, as an adult it is reddish brown color with orange colored fine horizontal striping, the tail is white and the eye is ringed by bright yellow. 

</doc>
<doc id="21611316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611316" title="Thor Freudenthal">
Thor Freudenthal

Thor Freudenthal (born 1972) is a German film director.
Life and career.
Freudenthal was raised in Berlin, Germany. He attended the Hochschule der Künste Berlin, and later moved to Southern California as an exchange student at CalArts. He started out as an animation director on short films like "Mind the Gap", "Monkey Business" and "The Tenor". He also worked on conceptal/visual art work at Sony Pictures Imageworks on films like "Stuart Little", "The ChubbChubbs!" and "Stuart Little 2". He later worked as second unit director on Disney's "The Haunted Mansion". In 2005, he directed the short film "Motel" which was his first live-action film. He then worked as director on "Hotel for Dogs" in 2009 for DreamWorks Pictures. He directed the live-action/animated feature film, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid", based on the book by Jeff Kinney. He has also been featured in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid Movie Diary".
He directed "" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="21611317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611317" title="Ainslee's Magazine">
Ainslee's Magazine

"Ainslee's Magazine" was an American literary periodical published from 1897 to December 1926. It was originally published as a humor magazine called "The Yellow Kid", based on the popular comic strip character. It was renamed "Ainslee's" the following year.
The magazine's publishers were Howard, Ainslee & Co., a division of the Street & Smith publishing house in New York City.
Contributors.
Among those who contributed short fiction and poetry to "Ainslee's":
From 1920 to 1923 Dorothy Parker wrote the monthly drama reviews column, "In Broadway Playhouses".
"Ainslee's" lasted until December 1926, after which it was merged into "Far West Illustrated".

</doc>
<doc id="21611338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611338" title="Mohamed Sibari">
Mohamed Sibari

Mohamed Sibari (1945 – 28 November 2013) was a Moroccan poet, novelist and translator. He wrote books in both Arabic and Spanish.
Sibari was born in Ksar El-Kebir. He was awarded the Spanish National Cross of Merit in 2003 and the Pablo Neruda prize for literature in 2004. In 2010, he won Naji Naaman’s Literary Prize in the category of honor awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21611351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611351" title="Ross Road School">
Ross Road School

Ross Road School is a Canadian public school in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. It is operated by the Halifax Regional School Board (HRSB).
The school offers education for students from Primary to Grade 9. After this time, students proceed to high school at Cole Harbour District High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21611352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611352" title="Oppressed Logic">
Oppressed Logic

Oppressed Logic are a punk band from Oakland, California who formed in 1994. The first album the band appeared on was a compilation called "Pigs Suck", which was released in 1995 by Clean Plate Records. The band has gone through many line-up changes throughout the years with Mike "Cyco Loco" Avilez as the only original member. In 2004, the band toured with Fang. They were signed to Beer City in 1995 and released their first 7", "P.C. Full of Shit", in 1996. 
Mike Avilez was also in Retching Red, Angry Samoans and Strung Up. Drummer, Adam Grant was also a member of Retching Red and Creepy.
In 1995, the band released a split album with Toronto's Armed and Hammered. In 1997, they toured with Driven Under the Influence.
Discography.
1995- PIGS SUCK! 2 x 7" comp (Clean Plate Records) 
1995- Split 7" w/ ARMED & HAMMERED (Ransom Note Records) 
1995- LIVING IN FEAR CD comp. (Ransom Note Records) 
1995- HOW LOVELY NOWHERE IS CD comp. (Nothing Records) 
1996- P.C. FULL OF SHIT! 7" (Beer City Records) 
1997- BACKYARD SHENANIGANS CD comp. 
1997 & 1998- AIN'T A DAMN THING CHANGED! CD/LP (Beer City Records) 
1998- CHECKING IN WITH THE WORLD CD comp. (Cold Front Records) 
1999- Split 7" w/ FANG "Skinheads Smoke Dope With A Cheap Beer Hangover" (Beer City) 
1999- TANKED (Beer City Sk8 Video) 
1999- BLACK EYES & BROKEN BOTTLES LP comp (Beer City) 
1999- IT'S HARASSMENT CD (Industrial Strength Records) 
1999- WELCOME TO THE BAY CD comp. (Industrial Strength Records) 
2000- STRANGLEHOLD CD comp. (Triple X Records) 
2000- MUSIC TO KILL YOURSELF BY CD comp. (Caustic Truths Zine No. 73) 
2000- IT'S HARASSMENT purple vinyl LP (Beer City) 
2001- INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH RECORDS SAMPLER 2001 CD (15,000 pressed) 
2001- I.S.R. SAMPLER No. 2, 2001 (6,000 pressed) 
2002- THE PAST AIN'T GONNA CHANGE CD (Burnt Ramen Records) 
2002- THE ELV-BENEFIT CD Comp. (NC Records, Belgium) 
2003- ALMOST 10 YEARS OF LOSING AND FUCKING UP CD Comp. (Friendly Cow, Germany) 
2004- COUNTER ATTACK CD Comp. (Beer City) 
2004- ONES THAT CONTROL CD (Blazing Guns) 
2004- ALL TANKED UP CD Comp. 
2005- PUNK ROCK REPO Comp.
2005- RADIO UNFRIENDLY Comp
2006- KAMIKAZE BROADCAST Vol. 2 COMP

</doc>
<doc id="21611364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611364" title="Orval Steffen">
Orval Steffen

Orval Steffen was an American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Steffen was the sixth head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for two seasons, from 1950 until 1951. His coaching record at Adams State was 5 wins, 11 losses, and 2 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 15th at Adams State in total wins and 16th at Adams State in winning percentage (.333).

</doc>
<doc id="21611365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611365" title="Travels with My Aunt (play)">
Travels with My Aunt (play)

Travels with My Aunt is a 1989 comedy adapted by Scottish dramatist by Giles Havergal from the Graham Greene novel of the same title. The play was first staged at Citizens Theatre in Glasgow on 10 November 1989 with Havergal, Derwent Watson, Patrick Hannaway, and Christopher Gee, and has since been performed in London West End theatres, off-Broadway in New York, and in San Francisco.
From 2 May to 29 June 2013, "Travels with My Aunt" is being staged at London's Menier Chocolate Factory, starring David Bamber and Jonathan Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="21611370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611370" title="Michael Stimack">
Michael Stimack

John Michael "Mike" Stimack (May 25, 1922 – October 29, 2006) was an American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Stimack was the seventh head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for five seasons, from 1952 until 1956. His coaching record at Adams State was 15 wins, 29 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him seventh at Adams State in total wins and 15th at Adams State in winning percentage (.344).

</doc>
<doc id="21611390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611390" title="John Goossens">
John Goossens

John Goossens (born 27 July 1988 in Heemstede) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Dutch Eredivisie club Feyenoord.
Career.
Goossens is a midfielder who was born in Heemstede and began his career at HBC Heemstede, then joined AFC Ajax in September 1999, and was promoted to Jong Ajax in November 2006. In 2007 the breakthrough of Goossens was nearby as he was added to the first squad at a training camp in Scotland. During this training camp he played exhibition games against the Rangers and Falkirk. Coach Henk ten Cate was convinced about Goossens's qualities and kept him the first team. ""I learned a lot during that period. You're still on the same field with the likes of Jaap Stam. And I shared a room with Klaas-Jan Huntelaar. I also learned a lot from him, "" Goossens said on the club site. He was on the bench during the Johan Cruijff Shield game in 2007 . On 1 October of that year he played with Young Ajax against Young Sparta. He left that game with a groin injury, which later became a back injury. In total he was out of circulation for about two months. It took quite a while before Goossens regained his starting position with Young Ajax. In the 2008/09 season, he played left back in that team, where he had previously acted as left winger.
On 2 February 2009 he switched from AFC Ajax to N.E.C. Nijmegen. The 20-year-old Dutch U-20 national team player signed a contract for four years. Previously moving to N.E.C, FC Twente originally appeared to sign Goosens. The Tukkers were already agree with Goossens, but could with Ajax not agree on the terms of the contract. Ajax wanted the contract to include a repurchase option, to which Twente ceased negotiations. Goossens signed a contract until mid- 2012 in Nijmegen. He made his professional football debut on 4 February 2009, playing his first game against F.C. Groningen.
Due to his good performance for NEC Nijmegen, Goossens was offered a new contract in 2012, but he rejected the offer. Welsh side Swansea City were interested in signing Goossens. NEC Nijmegen technical director Carlos Aalbers admits he had mixed feelings over midfielder John Goossens' proposed move to the club. NEC stated they do not want to risk losing Goossens on a free transfer in the summer. Eventually, Goossens eventually rejected a move to Swansea as he had decided to serve the remainder of his contract. Two weeks later, Feyenoord managed to sign him on a free transfer at the end of the season. Eventually, Goossens agreed to join Feyenoord on a four-year deal. The club's technical director Martin van Geel said: "We are delighted that Goossens has chosen Feyenoord."
International.
Goossens was part of the Netherlands U-17 squad that reached third place at the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship. He scored two goals in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21611395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611395" title="Makapuu Point Light">
Makapuu Point Light

The Makapuu Point Light on the island of Oahu has the largest lens of any lighthouse in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
History.
Before this light was constructed, the location was considered to be of vital importance to maritime commerce, and greatly in need of a navigational aid.
Makapu'u Point is the southeastern most point of Oahu (in the Makapuʻu region) and the landfall for all traffic from the American west coast to Honolulu. With the 1887 Constitution of the Kingdom of Hawaii, which began definite steps towards annexation, shipping interests began to clamor for a lighthouse at the point, beginning with an 1888 petition. In 1890 Lorrin A. Thurston, minister of the interior for the kingdom, directed that inquiries be made with a British firm for a lens and other equipment. The light remained stuck in the planning stage, however, until after annexation, and indeed until 1906, when the United States House of Representatives passed a bill with an appropriation for construction.
In the interim, the size of the planned optic grew considerably. Thurston's original request was met with a specification for a third-order Fresnel lens, but as time passed plans were upgraded to use a second-order, and then a first-order lens.
At the 1893 Chicago World's Fair, the United States Lighthouse Board prominently displayed "its 'state of the art' wares and engineering achievements." Prominently featured was "the engineering marvel" of Spectacle Reef Light and a skeletal cast iron lighthouse tower (reassembled as Waackaack Rear Range Light after the exposition).
Also displayed were a number of Fresnel lenses, including a stunning third-order Fresnel lens that previously was awarded first prize at a Paris glass exhibition. The lens featured alternating red and white panels, and had been ordered for installation in the Point Loma lighthouse in California. The coincidental conclusion of construction of the new Chicago Harbor Light and the close of the Exhibition prompted the Lighthouse Board to keep the lens in Chicago. The lens was installed in the lantern room of the new tower in Chicago, where it remained for nearly 100 years.
Also displayed at the fair was a hyperradiant Fresnel lens — the largest size ever made, "off the chart" of sixth through first Order. This lens was on hand when it was decided to build and outfit the Makapuu Point Light. Rather than order a new lens, the huge optic construction — twelve feet tall and with over a thousand prisms — would be used at the new Makapuu Point Light. Makapuu Point Light thereby became the "only" U.S. light with such a lens, and ever since its activation in 1909, it has had the distinction of having the largest lens in U.S. service.
In addition to being the largest lens in the United States at the time of its construction, this was the second highest focal plane, after Cape Mendocino Light in California, which is at . It is now the third highest light in the U.S., behind the Old Point Loma lighthouse and Cape Mendocino. It is still an active aid to navigation.
Originally, the light was provided with a three-mantle oil vapor lamp. To start the lamp, a supplementary alcohol burner was required, and this was the source of a tragedy in 1925. The first and second assistant keepers were changing watches in the wee hours of April 25 when the former suggested to the latter that the alcohol reservoir be filled. This was accomplished, but some of the alcohol spilled. The first assistant lit a match, triggering an explosion. The second assistant was standing in the doorway and escaped serious injury, but the first assistant, Alexander Toomey, was badly burned and died the next day. His pregnant wife gave birth to a daughter shortly thereafter, and three months later she, too, died.
Two years later the lighthouse was equipped with a radio beacon, the first in Hawaii. As this required a generating station, the lamp was changed from oil vapor to a 500W incandescent bulb. The light was automated in 1974, the radiobeacon having been discontinued the previous year. Shortly thereafter the lighthouse keeper's quarters were used to house witnesses in the federal tax evasion case of Wilford "Nappy" Pulawa.
The isolated location left the buildings vulnerable to vandalism, including a 1984 incident in which a hole was shot in the lens. In 1987 the Coast Guard declared much of the land around the light surplus, and it was turned over to the State of Hawaii. One of the buildings was then seized by an armed group of native Hawaiians as part of a land ownership protest; after several weeks, however, the squatters were evicted without bloodshed, and buildings were razed. The light remains in control of the Coast Guard, surrounded by state-owned land; the trail leads to the light, and it is a popular destination for hikers.
The light is currently marked as white with red lantern. However, it was previously marked with a black lantern, and some sources erroneously indicate that as the present markings.
The lighthouse sits high on a volcanic point, overlooking "one of the most breathtaking coastal panoramas of any in the United States." This is a good place to whale watch. The rocky cliffs are popular with hang gliders.
Access.
This is a moderate hike. Although paved it is "quite steep in spots." No shade and no outhouse or restroom facilities exist. An A.M. start is advised to beat the heat. Bring water and wear sunscreen. Parking is along the street. Unusual cacti are along the trail.
The experience and view is said to be worth the walk. However, the parking area is a "high theft area" and is posted accordingly; leaving valuables in the car is ill-advised.

</doc>
<doc id="21611405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611405" title="Ernie Smith (American football coach)">
Ernie Smith (American football coach)

Ernie Smith was a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Smith was the eighth head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1957 until 1958. His coaching record at Adams State was 1 win, 17 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 19th at Adams State in total wins and 20th at Adams State in winning percentage (.079).

</doc>
<doc id="21611418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611418" title="UAJ">
UAJ

UAJ may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="21611419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611419" title="Thomas P. Ryan, Jr.">
Thomas P. Ryan, Jr.

Thomas P. Ryan, Jr. (December 3, 1928 – March 14, 2003) was the 63rd Mayor of Rochester, New York. Ryan began his tenure as Mayor under the old council/city manager system of government, in which the mayor was selected from among members of City Council to be that body's presiding officer. He first was voted to the post by his Council peers after the 1973 election which returned a Democratic majority to office. For his first decade as Mayor, a city manager appointed by City Council and accountable to that body handled the day to day administrative duties of government. This system had been in place since the late 1920s as a result of government reforms championed by the late industrial magnate George Eastman. However Ryan, who had exercised greater de facto influence over city policy than most of his predecessors under this system and functioned in many respects like a chief executive in policy matters, championed a change in the city charter to abolish the post of city manager and return to a "strong mayor" system like that in other major cities of New York State, in which the mayor was directly elected, directly accountable to voters and served as chief executive of city government. The charter change was approved by city voters and Ryan served as a "strong mayor" for two terms from 1985 through 1993 before retiring from public life. In addition to the revision in city government structure which began during his terms of office and continues in force today, Ryan became known for helping lead significant downtown redevelopment, and operating government on a fiscally conservative basis.

</doc>
<doc id="21611440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611440" title="Miriam Wolfe">
Miriam Wolfe

Miriam Wolfe (January 2, 1922 – September 29, 2000) was an American actress, director, producer and writer, who worked in theatre, television and radio from the 1920s to the 1950s. She is mainly remembered for her character roles on radio's weekly "Let's Pretend."
She was born Miriam Wolff in Brooklyn, New York on January 2, 1922 to Belarussian and Ukrainian immigrant parents. She made her professional acting debut at age four, reciting poems and reading stories on "The Uncle Gee Bee Kiddie Hour" on WGBS, one of New York's first radio stations.
Radio roles.
Wolfe is best remembered for her diverse roles on Nila Mack's WCBS Saturday morning children's program, "Let's Pretend". She joined the repertory acting company in 1934 and remained with the program well into her adult years, playing spooky witches, wicked and wise queens, good and bad spirits, kind and cruel mothers and stepmothers.
At 12, Wolfe auditioned to succeed the 79-year-old Adelaide Fitz-Allen in the part of the ancient witch-narrator Old Nancy on Alonzo Deen Cole's "The Witch's Tale" (on the Mutual Broadcasting System). Cole, puzzled at first when he saw a young girl in a straw hat and Buster Brown haircut, hired her as soon as he heard the spine-chilling, cackling laugh which became her trademark. She played this part for five years, also doubling as other characters and leading women on the show.
Later, Wolfe was heard regularly from New York and Hollywood on Fletcher Markle's "Studio One" and "Ford Theater" (CBS Network). There, she worked with actors such as Lucille Ball, Ingrid Bergman, Montgomery Clift and Marlene Dietrich. She was also heard on "American School of the Air", "Mystery Hall", "Casey, Crime Photographer" and "Suspense". In the early 1940s, she directed and starred in numerous radio soap operas on WGR and WKBW in Buffalo.
In the 1950s, Wolfe became a weekly regular on "The Rayburn & Finch Comedy Hour" and "Popeye the Sailor" (CBS Network), where she played both Olive Oyl and the Sea Hag for several seasons. She was featured in the U.S. Army production of "So Proudly We Hail!", starring film and stage actor Lee Tracy. In 1952, as a regular on the television version of "Studio One", Wolfe played the Virgin Mary in Markle's television production of the medieval mystery play "The Nativity", one of the few times that such a play has been presented on commercial network television.
CBC.
In 1956, Wolfe moved to Canada and became active as a performer, writer and director with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). While at CBC she co-authored, produced, directed and played all the roles in the children's series, "Miss Switch", and adapted, directed and played all the roles in a one-woman radio version of Paul Bowles' "You Are Not I". She was also featured on many CBC commercials, comedy hours and dramas. For Canadian television, she performed featured, leading and starring roles on "Wayne and Shuster", "Ford Star Time", "General Motors Presents" and several other well-regarded programs.
Films.
During her career, Wolfe worked as a scriptwriter, dubbed more than 50 films and cartoons, appeared in films and made recordings. Notable stage performances include the Broadway production of "Make Momma Happy" with Molly Picon, a Hollywood production of Tennessee Williams' "The Rose Tattoo" and a Toronto Crest Theatre production of Eugene O'Neill's "Ah, Wilderness!" She was elected a member of the Board of the Association of Canadian Television and Radio Actors (ACTRA) in 1958–59.
In 1959, she married Canadian John Forrest Mackay Ross. The couple had a child and moved to Paris, where they resided from 1961 to 1980 and where she conducted a series of improvisational workshops.
Upon her return to Toronto, Wolfe concentrated on writing and teaching, developing an original method of teaching the English language and its pronunciation, which later formed the basis of her book, "Listening to Language: The Sounds of English." Wolfe also learned Blissymbolics, wrote teachers' guides and directed a weekly workshop for the Ontario Gifted Children's Program. She also worked with the Young People's Theatre. Her involvement with performance continued through her membership from 1981 to 1986 on the Board of the ACTRA Awards.
On September 29, 2000, Miriam Wolff Ross died at her home in Toronto, of breast cancer.
Awards.
In 1981, Wolfe received an award from Friends of Old Time Radio USA for her contribution to Radio's Golden Age.

</doc>
<doc id="21611463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611463" title="9 Dragons (novel)">
9 Dragons (novel)

Nine Dragons is the 14th novel in the Harry Bosch series and the 22nd book (21st novel) by American crime author Michael Connelly. It was released worldwide on October 13, 2009, although it had been released in the U.K. and Ireland on October 1.
The novel is partly set in Hong Kong, where Bosch's daughter Maddie and ex-wife Eleanor Wish live. The main plot involves Maddie being kidnapped by a Chinese Triad (crime syndicate), which Bosch believes is due to his investigation of an L.A. murder, in which his primary suspect is a member of a triad that was shaking down the victim. As a result, Bosch heads to Hong Kong in an effort to rescue her. The name of the most populated region of Hong Kong, Kowloon, means "nine dragons" in English.
Plot.
Harry is still back in homicide (no closer duty for him) and during a slow night he is asked to investigate a shooting in a "rougher" section of L.A. Harry and his partner (Detective Ferras) grudgingly take the assignment and learn that a Chinese-American convenience store owner was murdered behind his own counter. The case draws Harry's interest because he remembers the store and that the owner had been kind to him several years earlier, during the . He assures the owner's son that he will catch the culprit.
Harry starts to realize that this might not have been a routine robbery but a possible execution by a Triad hitman. With the help of Detective Chu of the Chinese gang unit, Harry starts to zero in on a suspect and then receives a threatening call to tell him to back off. Harry shrugs it off and continues but then his investigation stalls when he receives a video showing his daughter (Maddy) being kidnapped in Hong Kong, which he believes to be related to his murder investigation. He rushes off to save her, realizing that if he is not back within 48 hours, a suspect in the shooting will be set free.
It is a tense plane ride to Hong Kong and Harry feels powerless because there is nothing he can do in the air. When he gets to Hong Kong, he is aided by his ex-wife (Eleanor Wish) and her Chinese boyfriend. Harry has limited clues but through very good forensic science, he is able to determine where to look for Maddy -- but during the search, Eleanor is killed by thieves. Harry and her boyfriend race to find Maddy because any delay could mean that she might already be dead or shipped into slavery by the Triad. Harry rescues her in the nick of time and takes her to L.A. but determines, through other forensic evidence, that there is no connection between her kidnapping and his murder investigation. Instead, the murder evidence points to Robert Li, the son of the victim, and his best friend Lam.
Back in Los Angeles, Bosch and Chu arrest Lam, whom they believe to be the killer, while leaving Ferras to follow Robert Li. Lam reveals that the entire murder was a plot concocted by Mia, the victim's daughter, to relieve her of the burden of her parents; Robert had come up with the idea of disguising it as a Triad killing. When Bosch and Chu inform Ferras, he decides to single-handedly arrest Robert Li as an act of defiance against Bosch, but he is killed by Mia during the arrest. Mia then commits suicide. After Ferras' funeral, Maddie confesses to Harry that the "kidnapping" was originally a fake that she planned with "Quick", a Chinese friend, to get her mother to agree to let her live with Harry. However, when presented with the opportunity, Quick turned it into a real kidnapping, making the deal with the Triad from which Harry saved her. Maddie blames herself for the deaths, especially that of her mother, that followed. Harry consoles her, promising to show her how they can make up for their mistakes.

</doc>
<doc id="21611482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611482" title="Gene Carpenter">
Gene Carpenter

Gene A. Carpenter (November 28, 1939 – December 10, 2009) was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States. He was the head football coach at Millersville University, located in a suburb of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, for 31 years from 1970 to 2001.
Coaching history.
Carpenter was the tenth head college football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for the 1968 season. 
His coaching record at Adams State was 8 wins, 1 loss, and 0 ties. 13th at Adams State in total wins and first at Adams State in winning percentage (0.889). In the one season as head coach, his team outscored opponents by 225 to 115. The only loss was a 6-28 defeat by New Mexico Highlands on October 5, 1968 on their way to becoming the 1968 Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference Champions.
In 1970 Gene Carpenter moved on to Millersville University where he was the mastermind behind the most successful era in Millersville University football's history, completing 31 seasons with a 212-89-6 record and an astounding .700 winning percentage. The winningest head coach in Millersville history, Gene Carpenter led the Marauders to 10 Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference Eastern Division championships. Dr. Gene A. Carpenter built a program that ranked among the elite in NCAA Division II circles under the motto "The Difference Pride Makes". Under Coach Carpenter's direction, Millersville first PSAC East Title came in 1977 with an 8-2 record and no.10 ranking in the NCAA poll. Millersville made its first NCAA Tournament appearance two years later riding on a powerful offense that featured future NFL players Robb Riddick and Will Lewis. Carpenter's teams captured ten PSAC Eastern Division championships including consecutive titles in 79-81, and 88-90. Carpenter achieved his greatest gridiron success in 1988 when the Marauders not only went undefeated in PSAC East competition(6-0)(9-1) but also qualified for their first NCAA II playoff berth. The Millersville players and coaches brought honor and additional "Marauder Pride" to Millersville University and Eastern College football that year as the 1988 Millersville Gridders earned the Lambert/Meadowlands Cup emblematic of Division II Eastern Football supremacy and the ECAC Division II team of the Year trophy. Millersville closed the decade with another PSAC East title. Carpenter's Marauders success continued in the 1990s. The Marauders went 45-13-1 against division foes and won four more PSAC East titles. 
In 1995, Coach Carpenter guided the Marauders to their first undefeated regular season since 1940. During the 31 years at Millersville, 49 of Carpenter's players were named All-American. Statistically, he produced 12 seasons with eight or more victories; posted winning records in 28 of his 31 seasons including 12 straight from 1971 to 1982, and 10 in succession since 1992. 
Dr. Carpenter, whose 31 year tenure was the longest in MU grid history, has the distinction of being the only Millersville mentor to win at least 200 games. He also garnered many awards and accolades including PSAC Eastern Division Coach of the Year (1977, 1981);In 1986 he received the AFCA's prestigious Pop Warner Huddle Prayer Award in April 1990, the George W. Kirchner Award. Lancaster Sportswriters & Sportscasters Association for outstanding contributions to Lancaster County sports; Lancaster-Lebanon Berks Quarterback Clue Recognition Award; Philadelphia City All-Star Football Association "First and Goal" recipient as an outstanding role model and was named an Honorary Alumnus by the MU Alumni Association In 1988, Carpenter was inducted into the Central Chapter and Susquehanna Valley Chapter of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. In 2010, Carpenter was inducted into the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. 
As the University's Director of Men's Athletics, he administered a strong intercollegiate program that made its mark on the conference, regional and national scenes. During his tenure, the Men's cross country team won the NCAA Division II title, and PSAC crowns were won by the basketball and tennis teams. Team and individual post season qualifiers became a yearly norm, as had the selection of All-Americans in several sports. 
As further evidence of his dynamic leadership, Dr. Carpenter led successful efforts to improve facilities and student-athletic scholarship support efforts. He also showed dedication to the community service, conducting an annual drug and alcohol symposium on the MU campus each summer to benefit area educators, physicians, health care and social services personnel. 
Dr. Carpenter was active with several organizations including the Maxwell Football Club's Board of Governors, the NCAA football Rules Committee, the American Football Coaches Association and the National Association of College Directors of Athletics, the NCAA Committee of Competitive Safeguards and Medical Aspects of Sports and the Pop Warner Football Association. He served as chairman of the PSAC Football Committee from 1983-1991. Carpenter also had been a popular speaker at banquets and motivational seminars. 
Carpenter retired following 29 winning seasons in his 32-year coaching career a 220-90-6 record and an astounding .693 winning percentage.
Coach Carpenter was selected in 2012 to the National Football Foundation College Football Hall of Fame Divisional Class.
The Gene A. Carpenter Football Foundation was established in 2006. The Foundation is a non-profit 501c3 corporation. It was founded to provide financial support to the Millersville University football program.

</doc>
<doc id="21611506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611506" title="Joseph Thoburn">
Joseph Thoburn

Joseph Thoburn (April 29, 1825 – October 19, 1864) was born in the district of Mallusk north of Belfast, County Antrim, to be found in the modern-day borough of Newtownabbey, Northern Ireland, UK. He went on to be a physician and soldier from the state of West Virginia who served as an officer and brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in action in the Shenandoah Valley at the Battle of Cedar Creek.
Early life and career.
Joseph Thoburn was the son of Matthew and Jane Lyle (Crawford) Thoburn. He was born in 1825, in County Antrim in northern Ireland. That autumn, his father emigrated to Canada. In 1826, the family moved south to the United States and settled on a farm near St. Clairsville, Ohio, in rural Belmont County. He was educated at the local school, and developed a love for books at an early age. As a young man, he taught school for several years before becoming a medical student, studying under Dr. Ephraim Gaston, of Morristown, Ohio. He subsequently attended Starling Medical College in Columbus, Ohio. He relocated in 1849 to Brownsville, Pennsylvania, where he briefly partnered in a medical practice before resigning to accept an appointment in Columbus at the Ohio Lunatic Asylum as an assistant to the chief physician.
Because of political influences, he was displaced in 1853 and moved to Wheeling, Virginia (now West Virginia), where he formed a private medical practice that flourished in the late 1850s. He married Catherine "Kate" Ann Mitchell December 13, 1853, in Martins Ferry, Ohio. The couple would have three children, a son and two daughters.
Civil War service.
After the bombardment of Fort Sumter in Charleston Harbor in April 1861, the following month Thoburn enlisted as the surgeon of the 1st Virginia Infantry, a three-months regiment under Col. Benjamin F. Kelley. He accompanied his regiment in the Battle of Philippi, where his patients included a wounded Colonel Kelley.
In August 1861, the regiment was mustered out of service. Most of the men reenlisted in the reorganized 1st Virginia Infantry, a three-years regiment. With Kelley still out with his wound, Thoburn was commissioned as the colonel of the regiment. He led the command in numerous small battles and engagements in what became West Virginia and also in the Shenandoah Valley in 1862 and 1863. The following year, he assumed command of a division in the VIII Corps and fought in the Valley Campaigns of 1864 in the army of Philip Sheridan. 
During the Battle of Opequon or Third Winchester, as the XIX Corps was reorganizing its lines, Thoburn's division came up from reserve and took position at the edge of a woods. Sheridan soon arrived and directed Thoburn to move forward as soon as the other division of the Eighth Corps was ready. About 3 p.m. "a mighty battle yell," from the other side of Red Bud Run announced the arrival of those troops. The Union lines advanced, and, as one participant recalled, "For thirty minutes the battle that ensued was perfectly terrific, but then the forces in our front gave way, and in an instant we were over their works, and after them with yells and shouts of victory."
On October 19, 1864, Joseph Thoburn was killed in action during the Battle of Cedar Creek. His corps commander, Maj. Gen. George Crook, reported, "I am pained to report the death of Col. Joseph Thoburn, commanding First Division, and Capt. Philip G. Bier, assistant adjutant-general on my staff. Both fell mortally wounded while rallying the men. Brave, efficient, and ever conspicuous for their gallantry on the field of battle, in them the country sustained a loss not easily repaired."
A biographer later wrote, "Dr. Thoburn was greatly beloved by his brother officers and men, as a man full of kindness and benevolence, and of undoubted bravery and patriotism. As a physician, he possessed very clever attainments, with a high sense of professional honor."
Thoburn's body was taken to Wheeling for a large public funeral. It was taken to Mt. Wood Cemetery as part of a public procession, composed of city officers, council, medical faculty, military escort, and a large gathering of citizens. His widow died in 1886 and was buried beside him.

</doc>
<doc id="21611515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611515" title="List of Philadelphia Bulldogs records">
List of Philadelphia Bulldogs records

This is a list of franchise records for the Philadelphia Bulldogs of Roller Hockey International.

</doc>
<doc id="21611525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611525" title="Sophonias (commentator)">
Sophonias (commentator)

Sophonias (; 13th–14th century) was a Byzantine monk who wrote commentaries or paraphrases of the works of Aristotle including "De Anima", "Sophistici Elenchi", "Prior Analytics", and the "Parva Naturalia", which are still extant.
Little is known about Sophonias, except that he was probably the monk sent by Michael IX Palaiologos on an abortive mission to arrange a marriage between Michael and a western princess around 1295.
In his works Sophonias has interwoven the statements of Aristotle with the scholia of Michael of Ephesus. Some later manuscripts of the "Parva Naturalia" commentary ascribe the work to Themistius, but Sophonias' authorship, first proposed by Valentin Rose, may be regarded as certain, and the method of composition does not resemble Themistius' at all. Sophonias wrote paraphrases of Aristotle's "Categories", "Prior Analytics", "Sophistici Elenchi", "De Anima", "De Memoria" and "De Somno". He considered innovative his practice of writing a running explanatory account of every passage in Aristotle, incorporating amplifications of Aristotle's paraphrasers or those critical remarks of the commentators that he thought necessary to understand the text. The value of the works of Sophonias is that they contain excerpts from the best of the earlier commentators.

</doc>
<doc id="21611527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611527" title="Donald McKillip">
Donald McKillip

Donald J. "Don" McKillip (September 6, 1924 – February 22, 2008) was an American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
McKillip was the 11th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for six seasons, from 1963 until 1969. His coaching record at Adams State was 41 wins, 16 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him second at Adams State in total wins and fourth at Adams State in winning percentage (.719).

</doc>
<doc id="21611542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611542" title="Pia (given name)">
Pia (given name)

Pia is a feminine given name. In Spanish it is spelled Pía. 

</doc>
<doc id="21611545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611545" title="Bill Schade">
Bill Schade

Bill Schade is a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Schade was the 13th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for three seasons, from 1974 until 1976. His coaching record at Adams State was 14 wins, 13 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him eighth at Adams State in total wins and eighth at Adams State in winning percentage (.519).

</doc>
<doc id="21611549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611549" title="James Paronto">
James Paronto

James "Jim" Paronto is a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Paronto was the 14th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for four seasons, from 1977 until 1980. His coaching record at Adams State was 22 wins, 19 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him fifth at Adams State in total wins and seventh at Adams State in winning percentage (.537).

</doc>
<doc id="21611552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611552" title="Nancy Skinner">
Nancy Skinner

Nancy Skinner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21611555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611555" title="Richard Ulrich (American football)">
Richard Ulrich (American football)

Richard "Dick" Ulrich is a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Ulrich was the 15th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for the 1981 season. His coaching record at Adams State was 3 wins, 5 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 18th at Adams State in total wins and 14th at Adams State in winning percentage (.389).

</doc>
<doc id="21611559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611559" title="Montepio">
Montepio

Montepio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21611560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611560" title="Jeff Geiser">
Jeff Geiser

Jeff Geiser (born February 25, 1953) is a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Geiser was the 17th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for thirteen seasons, from 1984 until 1996. His coaching record at Adams State was 65 wins, 68 losses, and 2 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him first at Adams State in total wins and ninth at Adams State in winning percentage (.489).

</doc>
<doc id="21611566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611566" title="David Elsenrath">
David Elsenrath

David Elsenrath (born June 30, 1962) is a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Elsenrath was the 18th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado and he held that position for three seasons, from 1997 until 1999. His coaching record at Adams State was 9 wins, 22 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 12th at Adams State in total wins and 17th at Adams State in winning percentage (.290).

</doc>
<doc id="21611569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611569" title="Wayne McGinn">
Wayne McGinn

Wayne McGinn (born February 14, 1959) is a former American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
McGinn was the 19th head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado
and he held that position for eight seasons, from 2000 until 2007. His coaching record at Adams State was 35 wins, 52 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him third at Adams State in total wins and 12th at Adams State in winning percentage (.402).
McGinn was fired as offensive line coach on March 7, 2009. CSU-Pueblo football team had struggled all season moving the ball and eventually Head Coach John Wristen made the decision.

</doc>
<doc id="21611570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611570" title="Marty Heaton">
Marty Heaton

Marty Heaton (born December 11, 1959) is an American football coach in the United States.
Coaching career.
Heaton is the current head football coach for the Adams State College Grizzlies located in Alamosa, Colorado. He has held that position since the 2008 season and is the 20th football coach at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="21611574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611574" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Waldo County, Maine">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waldo County, Maine

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Waldo County, Maine.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Waldo County, Maine, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 60 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21611588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611588" title="Sara Zarr">
Sara Zarr

Sara Zarr (born October 3, 1970) is an American writer. She was raised in San Francisco, and now lives in Salt Lake City, Utah with her husband. Her first novel, "Story of a Girl", was a 2007 National Book Award finalist. She is also the author of "Sweethearts" and "Once Was Lost." All three are published by Little, Brown.
Biography.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio and raised in San Francisco, she earned a degree in communications from San Francisco State University. Zarr grew up as an Evangelical Christian, a faith with which she still associates though she lives in a predominately Mormon community. Her first three manuscripts were never published, but after winning the Utah Arts Council best young-adult novel of 2003, she was able to find an agent who successfully sold "Story of a Girl" as the first of a two-book deal.
Inspired by the kidnapping of Elizabeth Smart and Zarr's Christian roots, "Once Was Lost" addresses issues of faith, identity and home. The title comes from the hymn "Amazing Grace" written by John Newton. While the characters are Christian, the book was published for a mainstream audience and neither promotes nor criticizes organized religion.
In 2008, Zarr contributed to the YA for Obama project started by fellow YA author Maureen Johnson. Zarr's articles included "Red State Jesus Freaks for Obama" and "Personal Sacrifice."
In 2013, Zarr began teaching at Lesley University’s Low-Residency Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing program.
Bibliography.
Standalone novels.
Zarr also reads the audio version of her books.

</doc>
<doc id="21611593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611593" title="Eva Flatscher">
Eva Flatscher

Eva Flatscher is a visual and performing artist from Vienna, Austria. Her work, "LIGHTPAINTING", has been part of national and international art events and festivals. She creates three-dimensional, moving art. She also works as an art instructor.
Lightpainting.
The basic concept can be simply explained as follows: To combine MUSIC – PAINTING – PERFORMING ARTS where art functions as a language bridge. Tradition with innovation. What Eva Flatscher is doing, is “work in progress“: always on the lookout for new realms, which requires a high level of flexibility and willingness to experiment. Her projects do not compete with one another; they can’t be perfectly repeated, but also the individual aspects of the artistic presentation have a wide range of possibilities and they communicate either all together or alone with the art. Eva Flatscher performance art is not recorded digitally, but the films with paintings are, even if they are uncut and painted at the same time as the music. Exhibition: The works can be presented as on a classic opening day where pictures are hung up, only instead of on a canvas and frame, flat-screen TVs can be used where the recorded paintings and performances can be played or shown at any time. Spectators could choose to view: a film, pictures or whatever.. Performance: This is where the works are presented live in improvised, spontaneous and intuitive cooperation with musicians and dancers. During the performance Eva Flatscher don’t act in seclusion; she is right in the midst of the audience that really gets involved in what is going on. Her painting is three-dimensional, moving, fills the room, it is for the present moment in time and continues to live on in those who take it all in.,
References.
[http://www.evaflatscher.com] http://www.evaflatscher.com

</doc>
<doc id="21611647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611647" title="Zviad Jeladze">
Zviad Jeladze

Zviad Jeladze (born 16 December 1973 in Sukhumi, Abkhaz ASSR) is a Georgian footballer who plays for FC Vostok.
He is the brother of Gizo Jeladze, his teammate.
Career.
Jeladze started his career at Tskhumi Sokhumi before left for Samtredia. He then signed by Dinamo Tbilisi, the country tradition giant. He then left for Russian First Division side Sokol Saratov.
During career at Russia, he also played for First League side except Sodovik Sterlitamak in Russian Second Division.
During played with Sodovik Sterlitamak, he was found using fake Russian passport, and made the club deduced 57 points. After the incident, Jeladze returned to Georgia for Dinamo Sokhumi.
Jeladze played for Georgia from 1996 to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21611662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611662" title="XS Latin">
XS Latin

XS Latin is a formation dance team based in Cambridge, UK. 
It is ranked 1st in the UK and 13th in the World as a Latin Formation Team.
Creation.
XS Latin was formed in 1997 by eX Students of Cambridge University, many of whom started dancing in competitions run by the Inter Varsity Dance Association. They have represented the UK in WDSF World Latin Formation competitions since 2002.
The team continues to be based in the Cambridge area (practising in the nearby village of Milton) and is one of only five Adult Latin formation teams competing in the UK.
In 2011, XS Latin opened a B Team, also based in Cambridge (practising in Cottenham).
XS Latin is sponsored by Capezio.
Routines and results.
Titles refer to themes and music that the routines were based around. Blackpool refers to competitions run as part of Blackpool Dance Festival (previously referred to British Open and British Closed). Blackpool acts as the national selection competition as only two English teams can be sent to the World Championships.
Current activities.
They dance a six-minute routine that incorporates the five Latin dances - Cha Cha, Jive, Paso Doble, Samba and Rumba - as well as tricks, lifts and free-form choreography.
They are trained by David Mallabone and compete both nationally and internationally.
XS Latin won the British National Championships in 2005, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2011 and 2013.
They were placed 14th in the World Formation Championships Nov 2008, 13th in the 2010 World Formation Championships in Moscow 
In 2010 they finished 4th in the Donaupokal Formation International.
Besides competitions XS Latin also give demonstrations and promote formation dance at several open house events.

</doc>
<doc id="21611672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611672" title="Swan River (Potohar)">
Swan River (Potohar)

Swan River is small river in Potohar in the northwest of Punjab, Pakistan
This article is unfortunate duplicate of main Soan River article.

</doc>
<doc id="21611687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611687" title="Warroad Lakers">
Warroad Lakers

The Warroad Lakers were an American Senior ice hockey team from Warroad, Minnesota. The Lakers played in various Manitoba AHA and Thunder Bay AHA senior and intermediate leagues and were granted special eligibility for the Allan Cup and Hardy Cup by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. The Lakers were three-time Allan Cup Canadian National Champions, one-time Allan Cup National Finalists, one-time Hardy Cup Canadian National Champions, and one-time Hardy Cup National Finalists.
History.
The Lakers were Western Canada Intermediate "A" Champions in 1964, 1974, and 1977, Thunder Bay Intermediate "A" Champions in 1963 and 1964, and Manitoba Intermediate "A" Champions in at least 1971, 1974, and 1977. They were also Thunder Bay Senior "A" Champions in 1965 and Manitoba Senior "A" Champions in at least 1969, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, and 1997.
At the 1974 Hardy Cup, the Lakers faced the Ottawa District Hockey Association's Embrun Panthers. The Lakers swept them 3-games-to-none to win their only Hardy Cup. Three years later, the Lakers faced New Brunswick's Campbellton Tigers at the 1977 Hardy Cup, but fell 3-games-to-1.
The Warroad Lakers are only the second American team in Allan Cup history to be Canadian National Senior "AAA" Champions. They won the 1994 Allan Cup on home ice, the next year they won the 1995 Allan Cup in Stony Plain, Alberta, and then won the 1996 Allan Cup in Unity, Saskatchewan to become the only team in history to win three consecutive Allan Cups. A season later, the Lakers failed to defeat the Powell River Regals in the 1997 Allan Cup final, which would have given them four in a row if won.
In 1997, after finding themselves without a league to play in, the Warroad Lakers were forced to fold.
Around 2001, the team was resurrected and named the Warroad Islanders. They competed in the 2002 Allan Cup but failed to get out of the round robin. In 2003, the Islanders failed to get past the Ile des Chenes North Stars (who won the 2003 Allan Cup) in the Manitoba playdowns. Soon after, the team fell off the competitive hockey map.
All three of the Lakers' Allan Cup winning teams have been inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21611702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611702" title="Bill Eagle">
Bill Eagle

William Lycurgus Eagle (July 25, 1877 – April 27, 1951) was an American professional baseball player who played 4 games during the season. He was born in Rockville, Maryland, and died at the age of 73 in Churchton, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21611703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611703" title="Ali Siqli">
Ali Siqli

Ali Siqli (born in 1932) is a Moroccan writer of children's books and drama. In 1982 he received the Great Prize of Morocco (Doctor Honoris Causa) and the international King Faysal award.

</doc>
<doc id="21611706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611706" title="Salon Camden">
Salon Camden

Salon Camden is an interactive socio-cultural salon where residents of Toronto, Canada meet. Salon Camden is one of the few salons held in Canada. It was founded by Azmi Haq.
Salon Camden’s discussions take place at Dr. Richard Florida and Dr. Kevin Stolarick’s ‘think lab’ at the Martin Prosperity Institute at the MaRS Centre in Toronto.
Salon Camden has also launched the Centre for Urban Dialogue, an initiative that attempts to better engage youth in the civic process. Volunteers from the Centre partnered with film students from Sheridan College to create a series of films that look at the perspectives of Toronto youth on the Toronto municipal election, 2010 and politics in general.

</doc>
<doc id="21611707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611707" title="Possibilianism">
Possibilianism

Possibilianism is a philosophy which rejects both the diverse claims of traditional theism and the positions of certainty in strong atheism in favor of a middle, exploratory ground. The term was first defined by neuroscientist David Eagleman in relation to his book of fiction "". Asked whether he was an atheist or a religious person on a National Public Radio interview in February 2009, he replied "I call myself a Possibilian: I'm open to...ideas that we don't have any way of testing right now." In a subsequent interview with the "New York Times", Eagleman expanded on the definition:
"Our ignorance of the cosmos is too vast to commit to atheism, and yet we know too much to commit to a particular religion. A third position, agnosticism, is often an uninteresting stance in which a person simply questions whether his traditional religious story (say, a man with a beard on a cloud) is true or not true. But with Possibilianism I'm hoping to define a new position — one that emphasizes the exploration of new, unconsidered possibilities. Possibilianism is comfortable holding multiple ideas in mind; it is not interested in committing to any particular story." 
In a "New Yorker" profile of Eagleman—entitled "The Possibilian"—Burkhard Bilger wrote: 
Science had taught him to be skeptical of cosmic certainties, told me. From the unfathomed complexity of brain tissue—"essentially an alien computational material"—to the mystery of dark matter, we know too little about our own minds and the universe around us to insist on strict atheism, he said. "And we know far too much to commit to a particular religious story." Why not revel in the alternatives? Why not imagine ourselves, as he did in "Sum", as bits of networked hardware in a cosmic program, or as particles of some celestial organism, or any of a thousand other possibilities, and then test those ideas against the available evidence? "Part of the scientific temperament is this tolerance for holding multiple hypotheses in mind at the same time," he said. "As Voltaire said, uncertainty is an uncomfortable position. But certainty is an absurd one."
An adherent of possibilianism is called a possibilian. The possibilian perspective is distinguished from agnosticism in its active exploration of novel possibilities and its emphasis on the necessity of holding multiple positions at once if there is no available data to privilege one over the others. Eagleman has emphasized that possibilianism reflects the scientific temperament of creativity and intellectual humility in the face of "the known unknowns."
Reception.
According to the "Dallas Morning News" and MSNBC, the possibilian concept—including various spellings (e.g. "possibillion") and modifications (e.g. "possibilitarian") -- has become popular on the internet. By November 2009, "The List" Magazine wrote: "Googling 'possibilian', the position Eagleman invented to explain his belief system, throws up the beginnings of a worldwide movement."
Articles about possibilianism have appeared in major news outlets around the globe—for example, in the "Daily Monitor" of Uganda, "The Economic Times of India" and "New Scientist".
By April 2011, "close to a thousand Facebook members had switched their religious affiliation to Possibilianism."
Criticism.
Sam Harris (a new atheist) has attacked possibilianism as "intellectually dishonest", and its description of strict atheism as a straw man. Harris writes that the position Eagleman espouses "is, simply, atheism." Harris calls on Eagleman "to admit that “possibilianism,” this middle position of yours, is just a piece of performance art, rather than a serious thesis."
In response, Eagleman stated that "braggadocio appears to be emblematic of the neo-atheist posture, and confirms why I don't feel completely at home in that camp."
Journalist Steve Volk in the Huffington Post suggested that Harris and Eagleman should be "new allies": "If we're going to get beyond the typical exchanges between new atheists and the religious, I'd argue that it's through figures like Eagleman and Harris that we will find the most productive path: men who are eager to use science while demonstrating a capacity to consider ideas from other areas of human experience and systems of thought."

</doc>
<doc id="21611720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611720" title="Toledo Academy of Beauty">
Toledo Academy of Beauty

The Toledo Academy of Beauty is a nationally accredited cosmetology school located in Toledo, Ohio. The school is not affiliated with one product or company. There are four programs available, and students may take classes specializing in hair, skin, or nails.
Toledo Academy of Beauty is a member of the Chamber of Commerce and the Better Business Bureau of Toledo. The school approved by the Ohio State Board of Education, accredited by the National Accrediting Commission of Cosmetology Arts & Sciences (NACCAS), and licensed by the Ohio State Board of Cosmetology.

</doc>
<doc id="21611772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611772" title="Christ Church Cathedral, Waterford">
Christ Church Cathedral, Waterford

Christ Church Cathedral, Waterford, or more formally, the Cathedral of The Holy Trinity, Christ Church, is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Waterford City, Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin. Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Waterford, it is now one of six cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cashel and Ossory.
Ecclesiastical history.
The first church on the site was built in the 11th century. This was replaced in 1210 by a Gothic Cathedral. Following the Irish Reformation, a new body was established by decree of the Irish Parliament to became the State Church in the Kingdom of Ireland. The Church of Ireland, as it was named, assumed possession of most church property (and so retained a great repository of religious architecture and other items, though some were later destroyed). The substantial majority of the population remained faithful to the Latin liturgy of Roman Catholicism, despite the political and economic advantages of membership in the state church. Since Christ Church Cathedral was taken over in this way, Roman Catholic adherents were consequently obliged to worship elsewhere.
In the 18th century, the city corporation recommended that the bishop erect a new building. The architect was John Roberts, who was responsible for much of Georgian Waterford.
During the demolition of the old cathedral, a series of medieval vestments were discovered in 1773. They were presented by the then Anglican bishop, the Rt Revd Richard Chenevix, to his Roman Catholic counterpart, the Most Revd Peter Creagh, and are now kept in the Museum of Treasures in Waterford and the National Museum in Dublin.
The present building has been described by architectural historian Mark Girouard as the finest 18th century ecclesiastical building in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21611778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611778" title="David Franklin (scientist)">
David Franklin (scientist)

"Franklin v. Parke-Davis" case.
Franklin's suit, filed under the False Claims Act, claimed that Parke-Davis (since acquired by Pfizer) had used fraudulent scientific evidence supported by "tens of thousands of payments" to doctors for "consultations" and "studies" to encourage them to prescribe the drug for conditions including migraine, bipolar disorder and attention deficit disorder, even though it was approved for use only as adjunctive treatment in patients with partial seizures and postherpetic neuralgia. Prescribing a drug for such off-label use was not itself illegal, but promoting such use was prohibited by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and federal law. 
The case revealed that the company marketed the drug for these illnesses while withholding evidence that the drug was not effective for these illnesses. After initially denying wrongdoing, Pfizer pleaded guilty on 13 May 2004 to criminal violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and paid a criminal fine of $240 million and $152m to state and federal healthcare programmes. Under the False Claims Act, Dr Franklin received $24.6m as part of the settlement agreement.
"Franklin v. Parke-Davis" opened a unique window into pharmaceutical industry practices through UCSF's archiving and study of documents obtained by Franklin’s attorney Thomas Greene. The case was unique in a number of ways: it was the largest settlement obtained for U.S. taxpayers in a case not joined by the Department of Justice, it established a new standard of accountability for pharmaceutical industry marketing practices, it broadened the use of the False Claims Act to include fraudulent marketing claims (not just financial fraud) as criminal violations of federal and state law, it revealed the involvement, complicity and active participation in fraud by many renowned physicians, and it demonstrated that the medical literature which is the foundation for medical practice (particularly off-label prescribing by physicians) has been deeply adulterated by the pharmaceutical industry and its paid clinical consultants.

</doc>
<doc id="21611789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611789" title="Nargona Palace">
Nargona Palace

Nargona Palace is situated at Darbhanga in State of Bihar, India. This Palace was the last palace to be built in Raj Darbhanga.
History.
The city of Darbhanga was one of the major cities to be destroyed in killer earthquake of 1934 that rocked northern part of Bihar. Almost the entire city had been destroyed. The Palaces in Darbhanga also suffered major damage. Moti Mahal Palace was entirely destroyed in earthquake. Anand Bagh Palace and Ram Bag Palace were severely damaged and were rebuilt after the earthquake. Maharaja Kameshwar Singh of Darbhanga then decided to build a new Palace with the best earthquake resistant technology available at that time. The Palace incorporated the best earthquake resistant features when built and its ability to withstand earthquake was demonstrated in 1988 when another earthquake rocked Bihar. It is probably the first building in India to incorporate earthquake resistant technology.
Architectural Style.
The palace is a simple looking building with no outstanding features. The thrust being on building's ability to withstand major earthquake, no unnecessary features to beautify the building were added. A first time visitor, expecting to see a beautiful looking Palace, would be greatly disappointed in looking at a plain but massive building.
Present Status.
The Palace along with its surrounding garden, orchards, etc. as well as Head Office building of Raj Darbhanga was donated in 1972 to Government of Bihar for establishing a University. Now Lalit Narayan Mithila University is beneficiary of donation and functions from these buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="21611805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611805" title="National Social Security Fund (Uganda)">
National Social Security Fund (Uganda)

The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) is a semi-government agency responsible for the collection, safekeeping, responsible investment and distribution of retirement funds from employees of the private sector in Uganda, who are not covered by the Government Retirement Scheme. Participation for both employers and employees is compulsory.
Investment Portfolio.
The current National Social Security Fund investment portfolio includes the following:
The Fund is a leading investor on the Uganda Securities Exchange (USE) According to its 2012 Annual Financial Report, the Fund had cash deposits in Ugandan commercial banks valued at about US$270 million (USh686 billion). At that time, its investment in domestic and foreign equities was valued at over US$540 million (USh1.386 trillion). The table below lists the known investments that the Fund is involved in, with the approximate shareholding in each investment:
History.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) is a National Saving Scheme mandated by Government through the National Social Security Fund Act, Cap 222 (Laws of Uganda) to provide social security services to employees in Uganda. It was established by an Act of Parliament (1985) to provide for its membership, payment of contributions to, and payment of benefits out of the Fund. NSSF is a provident fund (pays out contributions in lump sum). It covers all employees in the private sector including Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs), that are not covered by the Government's pension scheme. It is a scheme instituted for the protection of employees against the uncertainties of social and economic life.
Ownership.
As of 31 December 2013, NSSF had a total of about 8,500 employers registered with the Fund. The number of account holders stood at over 450,000 members. In February 2009, the President of Uganda fired the Minister of Finance, whose ministry supervises the activities of NSSF. Also terminated were the Managing Director of the NSSF and his deputy. With the appointment of a new Board of Directors in 2009 and a new management team, the NSSF has since recorded significant improvements in corporate governance. Analysts in the country say NSSF has since moved on to be a leading player in the country's economy.
Restructuring.
In late 2010, NSSF underwent a restructuring process aimed at making it more efficient, competitive and responsive to the needs of the members. The Fund is now poised to provide a wide range of social security products and also play its role as the lead institution for domestic capital formation and deepening the financial sector.
Pension Towers.
Beginning in the early 2000s, NSSFU has been developing an office complex known as Pension Towers, along Lumumba Avenue, on Nakasero Hill, one of the most prestigious neighborhoods in Kampala, Uganda's capital city. The complex consists of three interconnected towers; one central tower of twenty-five stories in height, flanked on either side by a ten-story tower. Roko Construction Company, a Ugandan construction company constructed the four basement floors between 2008 and 2012, but failed to qualify for further works on the project. Three Chinese firms are in a final bidding process to complete the construction, between 2012 and 2015. Construction costs for the complex are estimated at US$107 million (UGX:260 billion). When finished, the three towers will contain in excess of in office space. Parking for over 500 vehicles will be provided in the development.
Board of Directors.
Government of Uganda appointed a Board of Directors in May 2012. The current Board has the following as its members, as of June 2012:
Management.
The management of the NSSF consists of the following individuals:
Branch Network.
As of June 2011, the National Social Security Fund has a branch network of twenty four branches in the central, eastern, northern and western parts of Uganda, with 6 in Kampala, the capital.
Recent developments.
On December 6, 2012, NSSF launched a new brand with a renewed promise. The Fund unveiled its new corporate identity - a refreshed blue and green logo as well as a new tag-line- "A Better Future", which according to Richard Byarugaba, the NSSF Managing Director, symbolizes fund's renewed commitment to be even more relevant to its members. The Fund also changed its tagline to "A Better Future".
The company's total assets increased to UGX:3.4 trillion (US$1.34 billion), as of June 2013. The fund's assets are invested in Fixed Income:(UGX2.7 trillion or 81%), Equities:(UGX391 Billion or 13%) and Real Estate:(UGX175 billion or 6%). Monthly contributions are up by 71% from UGX 24.5 billion in the financial year 2011/2012 to 42.0 billion in the financial year 2012/2013, while, member balances have also grown by 70% from UGX:1.7 billion to UGX:2.9 billion over the same period. The fund's balance sheet is growing by about UGX:50 billion (US$:20 million every month.

</doc>
<doc id="21611812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21611812" title="Gary Smart">
Gary Smart

Gary James Smart (born 29 April 1964) is a former English professional footballer who played for Wokingham Town and Oxford United.
Having started out as a PE teacher, he played in the Wokingham team that reached the 1987–88 FA Trophy semi final, before signing for Oxford United in July 1988.
He remained with Oxford United until 1994, making a total of 204 appearances in all competitions, without scoring once. He then dropped down into non-league football. He went to play with Stevenage Borough, Chertsey Town, Chesham United, Hayes F.C., Slough Town, Aldershot Town and Oxford City.

</doc>
