<doc id="21499946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499946" title="Heinz Maier-Leibnitz">
Heinz Maier-Leibnitz

Heinz Maier-Leibnitz (28 March 1911 in Esslingen am Neckar – 16 December 2000 in Allensbach) was a German physicist. He made contributions to nuclear spectroscopy, coincidence measurement techniques, radioactive tracers for biochemistry and medicine, and neutron optics. He was an influential educator and an advisor to the Federal Republic of Germany on nuclear programs.
During World War II, Maier-Leibnitz worked at the Institute of Physics of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research, in Heidelberg. After the war, he spent a year working in North America, after which he returned to the Institute of Physics. In 1952, he assumed the Chair for Technical Physics and directorship of the Laboratory for Technical Physics at the "Technische Hochschule München". He became a leader in establishing and building centers which used nuclear reactors as neutron sources for research. The first was the Research Reactor Munich, which was the seed for the entire Garching research campus of the "Technische Hochschule München". The second was the German-French project to construct a high-flux neutron source and found the "Institut Laue-Langevin" in Grenoble, France; he was also its first director. His leadership also helped establish the Physics Department at the "Technische Hochschule München". Maier-Leibnitz was the chairman of a special committee for designing the German Nuclear Program, and thus he was the architect of the first full-scale nuclear program of the Federal Republic of Germany. He was a signatory of the Göttingen Manifest. 
In his honor, the German Research Foundation annually awards six scientists with the "Heinz Maier-Leibnitz-Preis". The research reactor Forschungsreaktor München II is officially named "Forschungsneutronenquelle Heinz Maier-Leibnitz".
Education.
Maier-Leibnitz studied physics at the "Universität Stuttgart" and the "Georg-August-Universität Göttingen". He received his doctorate in 1935, from the University of Göttingen, under the Nobel Laureate James Franck and Georg Joos – Franck had emigrated from Germany in 1933 and his successor was Joos. Maier-Leibnitz was in the field of atomic physics, and he discovered metastable, negative helium ions, which later had applications in particle accelerators.
Career.
Shortly after receipt of his doctorate in 1935, Maier-Leibnitz became an assistant to Walther Bothe, Director of the "Institut für Physik" (Institute for Physics) of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für medizinische Forschung" (KWImF, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research), in Heidelberg. After World War II, the KWImF was renamed the Max-Planck Institut für medizinische Forschung. In 1958, Bothe’s "Institut für Physik" was spun off and elevated to become the "Max-Planck Institut für Kernphysik" (MPIK, Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics). Bothe had first met Maier-Leibnitz while on a recruiting trip to the University of Göttingen during which Robert Pohl and Georg Joos highly recommended Maier-Leibnitz for his intelligence and creativity. Maier-Leibnitz arrived at the Institute for Physics shortly after the arrival of Wolfgang Gentner, who became recognized as Bothe’s second in command and took Maier-Leibnitz under his wing to become his mentor, critic, and a close friend. Maier-Leibnitz worked on nuclear spectroscopy, electron-gamma-ray coincidence measurements, radioactive tracers, and energy conservation in Compton scattering.
In the early years of World War II, Maier-Leibnitz first served in the German air defense and then as a meteorologist at air bases in France. In 1942, he returned to continue his work with Bothe, who, since 1939, had been a principal in the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club).
After World War II, due to the ravages of war and the Allied occupation policies, Bothe’s Institute for Physics fell on hard times. Maier-Leibnitz, Kurt Starke, and other younger colleagues of Bothe left for employment in North America. Maier-Leibnitz left in the spring of 1947. When his contract expired in the spring of 1948, he returned to again work for Bothe. Maier-Leibnitz continued to work on nuclear spectroscopy and radioactive tracers in biochemistry and medicine. He also took up the study of positron annihilation in solids, which became a new tool for measuring the momentum distribution of bound electrons.
In 1952, upon the retirement of Walther Meissner, Maier-Leibnitz assumed the "Lehrstuhl für Technische Physik" (Chair for Technical Physics) and directorship of the "Laboratorium für technische Physik" (Laboratory for Technical Physics) at the "Technische Hochschule München" (in 1970 renamed the "Technische Universität München"). This became the nucleus of the Maier-Leibnitz school for nuclear solid state physics. The far-sightedness of Maier-Leibnitz led to reorganization and expansion of physics at the "Technische Hochschule München" and the formation of the Physics Department in 1965. One his first major expansions was done with the appointment of Nikolaus Riehl, who had returned to Germany in 1955, after having been taken to the Soviet Union in 1945 to work on the Soviet atomic bomb project. Riehl was an authority on the purification of uranium, and he greatly contributed to bringing about the construction of a new research tool at the "Technische Hochschule München". Through the initiative and leadership of Maier-Leibnitz, the "Forschungsreaktor München" (FRM, Research Reactor Munich) was built in Garching bei München; it was the first nuclear reactor built in Germany. This reactor, popularly called the "Atomei" (atomic egg), based on its characteristic shape, was built in 1956 and became operational in 1957. Rather than being used to study reactor physics and technology, the swimming-pool-type reactor was used as a neutron source, and it became a versatile tool for interdisciplinary research. Furthermore, it was the seed for the entire Garching research campus. A second reactor built nearby, "Forschungsreaktor München II" (FRM II, Research Reactor Munich II), went critical for the first time four years after the death of Maier-Leibnitz; it was named the "Forschungsneutronenquelle Heinz Maier-Leibnitz" in his honor.
During 1956 and 1957, Maier-Leibnitz was a member of the "Arbeitskreis Kernphysik" (Nuclear Physics Working Group) of the "Fachkommission II „Forschung und Nachwuchs“" (Commission II “Research and Growth”) of the "Deutschen Atomkommission" (DAtK, German Atomic Energy Commission). Other members of the Nuclear Physics Working Group in both 1956 and 1957 were: Werner Heisenberg (chairman), Hans Kopfermann (vice-chairman), Fritz Bopp, Walther Bothe, Wolfgang Gentner, Otto Haxel, Willibald Jentschke, Josef Mattauch, Wolfgang Riezler, Wilhelm Walcher and Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. Wolfgang Paul was also a member of the group during 1957. 
Maier-Leibnitz was also a member of the "Arbeitskreis Kernreaktoren" (Nuclear Reactor Working Group) of the DAtK, and it was considered to be the most active and influential board of the DAtK. Some of the other members of the group were Erich Bagge, Wolfgang Finkelnburg, and Karl Wirtz. For the first decade of nuclear energy development in the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG), it was the center of decision making, and it had representative membership from German industry. Maier-Leibnitz was also the chairman of a special committee for designing the "Deutsches Atomprogramm" (German Nuclear Program). From this position, he became the architect of the first full-scale nuclear program of the FRG.
In 1961, became an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) of technical physics at the "Technische Hochschule München". Also in 1961, Rudolf L. Mößbauer, a former student of Maier-Leibnitz at "Technische Hochschule München", received the Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of recoil-free emission and absorption of gamma radiation in solids known as the Mößbauer Effect, which led to numerous applications in solid state physics, chemistry, biophysics, medicine and archeology. Maier-Leibnitz, along with his colleagues Wilhelm Brenig, Nikolaus Riehl and Wolfgang Wild, in a memorandum in 1962, proposed the establishment of a Physics Department at the "Technische Hochschule München". This was used as bargaining tool to bring Mößbauer from the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena back to the "Technische Hochschule München" in 1964. The Physics Department was founded on 1 January 1965, replacing the three former independent institutes, but now with ten full professors, one of which was Maier-Leibnitz; the three institutes replaced were the "Physikalische Institut", the "Laboratorium für technische Physik", and the "Institut für Theoretische Physik".
Through his experience and expertise in instrumental techniques, particularly neutron optics, Maier-Leibnitz was one of the first to realize that the neutron flux from the FRM was too low for some interesting experiments. Maier-Leibnitz was instrumental, along with Louis Néel, in bringing about the German-French project to construct a high-flux neutron source and found the "Institut Laue-Langevin" in Grenoble in 1967, named in honor of the physicist Max von Laue and Paul Langevin. The reactor had the first source of cold neutrons. From 1967 to 1972, Maier-Leibnitz was the first director of the "Institut Laue-Langevin".
After the end of his term as director of the "Institut Laue-Langevin", Maier-Leibnitz held other positions, including:
After 27 of service at the "Technische Universität München" (formerly the "Technische Hochschule München"), Maier-Leibnitz achieved emeritus status 1979.
Maier-Leibnitz was a member of the "Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher/Leopoldina", various academies of sciences and humanities (Heidelberg, Bavaria, Flanders, India, Sweden, Finland, France and Austria), of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
He was co-editor of several journals, among them Nukleonik.
Since 1979, the "Heinz Maier-Leibnitz-Preis" (Heinz Maier-Leibnitz Prize) has been annually given in his honor. The prize is funded by the "Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung" (BMBF, German Ministry of Education and Research), and it is awarded by a selection committee appointed by the "Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft" (DFG, German Research Foundation) and the BMBF.
Maier-Liebnitz was a signatory of the manifesto of the "Göttinger Achtzehn" (Göttingen Eighteen).
Maier-Liebnitz was interested in cooking as a hobby, and he was the author of the cookbook "Kochbuch für Füchse".
Honors.
Maier-Leibnitz was awarded a number of honors, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21499970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499970" title="West Helmsdale">
West Helmsdale

West Helmsdale is a small settlement, lying on the right bank of the River Helmsdale, on the east coast of Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. The village of Helmsdale lies on the left bank of the River Helmsdale.
A number of small Crofts are still there. Many new ones are springing up from people who have visited Helmsdale and loved it.
Most crofts in West Helmsdale date back over 100 years.

</doc>
<doc id="21499978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21499978" title="Zhejiang University of Science and Technology">
Zhejiang University of Science and Technology

Zhejiang University of Science and Technology (ZUST; ) is a public university located in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China.
History.
The university was founded in 1980.
Administration.
Schools and Departments.
The university is organized into the following schools and departments. 

</doc>
<doc id="21500008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500008" title="Peggys Cove Preservation Area, Nova Scotia">
Peggys Cove Preservation Area, Nova Scotia

Peggy's Cove Preservation Area is a Preservation Area and community enacted by the Nova Scotia government to preserve the unique scenic beauty, character and atmosphere of Peggy's Cove for the enjoyment of both residents and visitors within Peggy's Cove Nova Scotia mandated by the Peggy's Cove Commission Act.
The area includes the Swissair Flight 111 memorial site at Whalesback.

</doc>
<doc id="21500047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500047" title="Hood Stories">
Hood Stories

Hood Stories is the fifth album released by rap group, Dirty. It was released on August 16, 2005 through Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from DaClub Bangaz, Mike Dean and Maximillion. "Hood Stories" peaked at #186 on the Billboard 200 and #26 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="21500068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500068" title="St. Hilda's School, Bushey">
St. Hilda's School, Bushey

St Hilda's is an independent preparatory school for girls aged 2 – 11 and boys aged 2–4 in Bushey, Hertfordshire, UK. 

</doc>
<doc id="21500098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500098" title="VSE Corporation">
VSE Corporation

VSE Corporation is a diversified technical services company formed in 1959. VSE employs over 2,700 people. Its 2008 and 2009 annual revenues surpassed $1 billion; 2007 revenues were reported at $653 million. In 2010 VSE Corporation was named the #1 Growth Company (over $500 million) by the Association for Capital Growth in the DC area; Ranked #1 Federal Contractor (small) by Government Executive magazine; #1 Climbing Company by Washington Post 2009; 6th Hottest Company in America by Business Week in 2008; ranked #4 on the 2007 Forbes 200 Best Small Companies in America list of U.S. companies.
Business units (sectors).
In December 2012, VSE announced that it would be divesting its construction management and aerospace services subsidiary, Integrated Concepts and Research Corporation (ICRC), and merging its two information technology services subsidiaries, G&B Solutions and Akimeka, LLC.
As of May 2013, VSE operations are structured in to two groups and 3 wholly owned subsidiaries/LLCs.
Company Services.
VSE is a U.S. government contractor that provides engineering, logistics support, supply chain management, sustainment, foreign military sales, management sciences, information technology, energy and environment support, and facilities management.
History.
VSE was established in 1959 with three employees under the name "Value Services Engineering Company". In 1979, the company changed its name to VSE Corporation, ending the decade with revenues exceeding $38 million. In 1995, VSE won its first $1 billion contract, a 10-year foreign military sales contract to support U.S. Navy ship reactivation and transfer programs. In 2009 and 2010, VSE surpassed the $1 billion mark in revenues. They were named the 6th Hottest Company for 2008 by Business Week; The #1 Climbing business by the Washington Post for 2009; the #1 government contractor (small) for 2010, 2009 and 2008 by Government Executive Magazine; and the #1 Growth Company (more than $500 million) in the DC metro area by the Association for Corporate Growth in 2010; Forbes #2 Company for Job Offers (2011).
VSE Annual Report 2009VSEAnnual report 2008

</doc>
<doc id="21500118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500118" title="Safi (Pashtun tribe)">
Safi (Pashtun tribe)

Safi ( "sāpay"; plur. ساپي "sāpi") is a major branch of the greater Gharghasht Pashtun tribe, originating in the Kohi Safi district of Parwan province. The Safi tribe comprises a majority in the Pech Valley of Kunar and are present in significant numbers in Parwan Province, Kapisa Province, Kabul Province, Laghman Province, Nuristan Province and the whole of Kunar Province. They are also present in smaller numbers in Mohmand and Bajaur Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan and in Zhob District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Safi divisions.
Currently Safi tribesmen are all around Afghanistan and in North-West Pakistan. The Safi are divided into 3 main clans. The four major clans are the Gurbuz, the Masood, the Qandahari and the Wadir. The exact population number of this clan is not known; however, it is estimated to be around 2.5 million, both in Afghanistan and in Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. Safis have played an important role in the Afghan society, especially in Afghan Governments and also were known to be against the kings. The Safis have had an important role on the other side of the Durand Line as well. On September 10, 2007 Safi elders of Mohmand Agency played an important role on reaching an agreement with Taliban fighters to stop attacks on Pakistani military, security forces, and government installations such as schools, and hospitals, etc. in Mohmand Agency.
The Origin of Safi Tribe
Qais (Abdur Rashid) founding father of Pashtoon Nation.Qais was born in Ghor present-day Afghanistan and was the 37 descendent of King Soul (Malik Talut), upon the advent of Islam he was sent to Madina by his tribe to meet Mohammad and embraced Islam, and was given the name of Abdur Rashid by Mohammad. He returned back and introduced Islam to his tribe.
Safi Refers to the Pashtun sub-tribes that are descended from Gharghasht, one of Qais Abdur Rashid's sons
Safi is a major branch of the greater Gharghasht Pashtun tribe, originating in the Kohi Safi district of Parwan province. The Safi tribe comprises a majority in the Pech Valley of Kunar and is present in significant numbers in Parwan Province, Kapisa Province, Kabul Province, Laghman Province, Nuristan Province and the whole of Kunar Province. They are also present in in Mohmand, Bajaur Agency, and (FATA) Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan.
The Safi is divided into 3 main clans. The four major clans are the Gurbuz, the Masood, the Qandahari and the Wadir. The exact population number of this clan is not known; however, it is estimated to be around 2.5 million, both in Afghanistan and in Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
History.
The ancestry of the Safis reaches back to the inhabitants of the ancient kingdom of Gandhara, and they are related to the neighboring Nuristanis. Besides Pashto, some clans of the Safis speak a Kohistani Pashayi dialect. Throughout Afghan history, the Safi have been mentioned, most famously during resistance against Aurangzeb, when a major war broke out in 1668. A rebellion was sparked by a general in the ranks of the Mughal Empire who had insulted a woman of this clan; in revenge Safi tribesmen killed the General. When news reached Aurangzeb that his general was killed, he appealed to the tribe to hand over the killers, but the elders refused and challenged the Emperor. Soon Aurangzeb set out with a large force against the Safi and their allies from among other Khattak, Afridis, Shinwari, Mohmands in the command of Khushal Khan Khattak which was at that time the tribal chief of Khattak tribe. Sources claim that Aurangzeb suffered a humiliating defeat, with a reported loss of 40,000 Mughal soldiers. Currently the Safi tribe is well known for resistance to the Taliban regime, and many fierce clashes have broken out between the two. Some Safi tribesmen also inhabit Balochistan Province, Pakistan, in Sibi District, with two sub clans: the Meerzai and Kamalzai. Safi are also living in Zobh District. In Balochistan they are together under Safi Ithad and their office is located at Mizan Chock in Mizan Plaza quetta. In Sibi, Safi have the lion share of water, 8 Pao of water in Nari River.

</doc>
<doc id="21500145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500145" title="Wester Aberchalder">
Wester Aberchalder

Wester Aberchalder is a small village, situated on the south shore of Loch Mhòr, lying on the Aberchalder Burn, which flows into the loch, in Gorthleck, Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Easter Aberchalder lies approximately one mile to the 0.5 miles to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="21500154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500154" title="Marinette, Nova Scotia">
Marinette, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21500164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500164" title="XXXombies">
XXXombies

XXXombies is a four-issue comic book mini-series written by Rick Remender, with art by Kieron Dwyer. It is the first series for Crawl Space, a line of horror comic books distributed by Image Comics. The first issue was released on October 24, 2007, one week away from Halloween that year.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into a trade paperback:
Film adaptation.
Rick Remender has said he is working on a "XXXombie" screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="21500178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500178" title="Herbert A. Wagner">
Herbert A. Wagner

Herbert Alois Wagner (22 May 1900, Graz, Austria - 28 May 1982 in Newport Beach, California) was an Austrian scientist who developed numerous innovations in the fields of aerodynamics, aircraft structures and guided weapons. He is most famous for Wagner's function describing unsteady lift on wings and developing the Henschel Hs 293 glide bomb.
Early life.
Wagner attended the Austrian Naval Academy from 1914 to 1917 and served as an Ensign in the Austrian Navy during World War I. He survived the sinking of his ship after it was struck by an enemy torpedo. After the war he returned to his studies, earning a doctorate from the Technical University of Berlin when he was only 23. His doctoral thesis entitled "Origin of the dynamic lift of wings" contained the solution of one of fundamental unsteady aerodynamics problems concerned with lift force on wings that are suddenly set into motion. The result later became known as "Wagner's function".
In the mid-1920s he worked for Rohrbach Metall-Flugzeugbau on new designs for flying boats. During that time he also invented the so-called "Wagner beam", a method of constructing aircraft structural components from sheet metal. Following a short stint as a professor at the Technical University of Berlin, he returned to industry at Junkers Flugzeugwerke, helping to design aircraft and aircraft engines working together with Hans von Ohain. There he played an instrumental role in the development of the first jet engines. He left Junkers following a disagreement with the management and settled at Henschel Flugzeugwerke in Berlin.
WWII Research.
Wagner helped the computer pioneer Konrad Zuse as an intermediary concerning orders that Zuse got from the Reich Ministry of Aviation.
While at Henschel, Wagner began to study remotely controlled aircraft. In July 1940 he began work on a prototype glide bomb that could be used to attack thinly armored warships and merchant ships. This ultimately evolved into the Hs 293 guided missile, used with considerable effectiveness in late 1943 and early 1944. Several notable successes were achieved, including the first sinking of s ship by a remotely controlled weapon, the destruction of HMS Egret on 27 August 1943. Another notable success for the Hs 293 was the sinking of transport HMT Rohna with the loss of over 1000 soldiers, sailors and crewmen.
However, the Allies developed several countermeasures against the Hs 293 and other radio guides weapons, such as electronic jammers. Those and the increasing Allied air superiority prevented the Hs 293 in the later war years to have any significant impact.
He also designed the Henschel Hs 117 "Schmetterling" surface-to-air guided missile.
Post-War Activities.
After the war, Wagner was the first of many German scientists brought to America as part of Operation Paperclip, arriving at Frederick, Maryland on 18 May 1945 with seven large cases of blueprints and other technical data. Wagner and his team were moved to the Special Devices Center, a U.S.-Navy run research unit housed at the Castle Gould and Hempstead House, the former estate of Daniel and Florence Guggenheim at Sands Point, Long Island. There he supported U.S. efforts to deploy glide bombs against Japan.
Wagner then moved to the new Naval Air Missile Test Center in Point Mugu, California, the centerpiece of the U.S. Navy's research into guided missiles. There he helped develop the control mechanisms for advanced missiles, several of which remain (in upgraded forms) in service today. A formerly classified FBI counterintelligence report describes his approach to his work:
An excellent German scientist of good character and who is not interested in politics... He has given no evidence of being either pro-Nazi or pro-Communist and is disinterested politically... Once belonged to the German SS for a four week’s instruction course but dropped out of same on his own volition... Is an opportunist who is interested only in science and does not subscribe to any political ideology... Since the death of his wife, Wagner has been drinking considerably but is not a drunkard.
Wagner left government service and formed his own technical consulting firm, HA Wagner Company. He sold this company to Curtiss-Wright in 1957 and returned to Germany to take up a position as professor of Technical Mechanics and Space Technology at the RWTH Aachen. He continued to serve as technical advisor to several U.S. defense companies during this period. Wagner was awarded the Ludwig-Prandtl-Ring from the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Luft- und Raumfahrt (German Society for Aeronautics and Astronautics) for "outstanding contribution in the field of aerospace engineering" in 1980. He died 82 years old on 28 May 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21500179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500179" title="Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (Vietnam)">
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (Vietnam)

The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development ("MARD") is a government ministry responsible for rural development and the governance, promotion and nurturing of agriculture and the agriculture industry, in Vietnam. The purview of the Ministry includes forestry, aquaculture, irrigation and the salt industry; it is also involved in water management and flood control. 
The Ministry maintains 63 provincial department offices throughout Vietnam. The Ministry itself is located in Hanoi.
History.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has been developed since 1987 by the combination of different government ministries: Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Food, combined to the Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry in 1987; the subsequent addition of the Ministry of Forestry and the Ministry of Irrigation to form today's Ministry; as well as the addition of the Ministry of Fisheries in 2007. The Ministry was officially formed in 1995.
Organization.
The Ministry is organized into many work areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21500181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500181" title="Newcomb Corner, Nova Scotia">
Newcomb Corner, Nova Scotia

References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21500186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500186" title="Hypselodoris purpureomaculosa">
Hypselodoris purpureomaculosa

Hypselodoris purpureomaculosa is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. 
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found in Japan, Okinawa and the Philippines.
Description.
"Hypselodoris purpureomaculosa" is white, with a distinct orange fringed mantle, orange gills and rhinophores. The specific epithet "purpureomaculosa" refers to the purple spots on its upper mantle that vary in colour from red to black in some individuals. This species reaches a length of at least 40 mm. 
Ecology.
"Hypselodoris purpureomaculosa" feeds on sponges and appears to eat mainly the purple coloured sponges of the genus "Euryspongia".

</doc>
<doc id="21500206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500206" title="1961 Modena Grand Prix">
1961 Modena Grand Prix

The 15th Modena Grand Prix was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 3 September 1961 at Modena Autodrome, Italy. The race was run over 100 laps of the circuit, and was dominated by British driver Stirling Moss in a Lotus 18/21.
The qualifying system for this event was very unusual in that despite over 30 entrants, the starting grid was restricted to only 14 cars. Furthermore, the fastest three Italian drivers in practice would be guaranteed to start the race, regardless of how many other drivers were faster. This resulted in Innes Ireland failing to qualify despite being 13th fastest, and faster than Giorgio Scarlatti who did qualify.
Moss took pole position, fastest lap and the win, finishing a few seconds ahead of the Porsche pairing of Jo Bonnier and Dan Gurney. Gurney led at the start, but Moss passed him on lap 11 and stayed in front.

</doc>
<doc id="21500216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500216" title="Das Land Südtirol">
Das Land Südtirol

The Das Land Südtirol () is a monthly German-language publication of the "Südtiroler Landtag" (South Tyrolian Landtag) in South Tyrol. The journal is published, with the exception of January and August, ten times a year in the first week of the month. Each edition features a several pages long summary of the previous sessions of the assembly. Subscription of the publication is free of charge.

</doc>
<doc id="21500254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500254" title="Drake Levin">
Drake Levin

Drake Maxwell Levinshefski (August 17, 1946 – July 4, 2009) was an American musician who performed under the stage name Drake Levin. He was best known as the guitarist for Paul Revere & the Raiders.
Levin joined the group when he was 16 years old, which earned him the nickname "The Kid" from Paul Revere. His addition helped establish Paul Revere and the Raiders as a premier showband in the Northwest United States. Levin's performances included synchronized dance steps, playing on his knees, standing on his amplifier and playing his guitar behind his head. After a performance at Seattle's Spanish Castle Ballroom, a young man who had watched from the front of the stage all evening approached Drake. He said that Drake's playing had inspired him and said he was a really good showman. As Drake thanked him and they shook hands, Drake asked the young man his name and he replied, "Jimi Hendrix."
The Raiders became a national teen sensation from their daily television exposure on the ABC television show "Where The Action Is". It was during that time that Levin and the Raiders produced many hit records. Levin's blues-based guitar style helped drive the band's raw, edgy sound. Levin's synchronized dance steps and stage antics with fellow Raider bassist Phil "Fang" Volk earned the pair the nickname "The Twins". In 1966, Levin left the performing version of the band to fulfill his military service obligation by joining the National Guard. This enabled him to continue recording in the studio with the group during his time off. Levin's guitar work and background vocals can be heard on Raiders albums through "The Spirit of '67", although his name and photo do not appear on the album cover with the band. Jim "Harpo" Valley had stepped into Levin's place on the Raiders' television and concert performances, thus Valley's photo appears with the band on that particular album.
When Volk became ill and could not tour, Levin stepped in to cover for his friend on a few dates, filling in for Volk on bass. When Levin's performing replacement, Valley, decided to leave the band after a little over a year with the group, Levin again rejoined the Raiders to help them finish their spring 1967 tour. Levin was to perform with the Raiders on the Ed Sullivan Show on April 30, 1967, but band leader Paul Revere was upset at the pending departure of Volk and drummer Mike "Smitty" Smith and believed Levin to be partially responsible. Unknown to the group, Revere had hired a replacement guitarist, Freddy Weller, to perform with the group on the Sullivan show, leaving Levin to watch the Raiders only Ed Sullivan Show performance as a spectator.
Brotherhood.
Volk and Smith left the band after the Sullivan performance and Levin re-teamed with them in Brotherhood. The band was signed to RCA, but were hindered by the members' lingering contractual obligations to Columbia Records from their Raiders work. The power trio released three albums, two under the Brotherhood name in 1968 and 1969 and a third album in 1969 called Joyride under the name Friendsound.
Guitars.
Levin owned and played a triple pickup Epiphone Crestwood Custom Deluxe in his early Raiders days, including the Where The Action Is pilot episode. A few TV performances appearances of the band showed Drake playing a Mosrite 6 & 12 string doubleneck that was offered to him from Mosrite, but he found it too heavy to play comfortably. He was also seen televised with a Vox Phantom VI, because of the band's Vox endorsement deal. However, he didn't use them live or even in the studio as he thought they were poorly made instruments. Drake did use bandmate Phil Volk's 1960 Fender Stratocaster in the studio. In his later years, Levin played a reissue 62 Fender Stratocaster and a Fender Telecaster. However, he is most widely associated with his cherry red 1963 Epiphone Sheraton, with which he recorded his double-tracked guitar solo on "Just Like Me." After his death, it was purchased by the Musicians Hall of Fame in Nashville, TN in early 2010, but it was severely damaged just a couple of months later in the May 2010 Nashville flood.
Later career and death.
Levin subsequently performed with artists such as Ananda Shankar, Emitt Rhodes, and Lee Michaels. He also participated in reunions of various ex-members of the Raiders, and worked with his friend Phil Volk on several occasions.
Drake Levin died of cancer July 4, 2009 at his home in San Francisco, with his wife Sandra at his side.

</doc>
<doc id="21500262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500262" title="Electronic document and records management system">
Electronic document and records management system

Electronic document and records management system (EDRMS) is a type of content management system and refers to the combined technologies of document management and records management systems as an integrated system.
The aim of electronic document and records management.
Electronic document and records management aims to enable organizations to manage documents and records throughout the document life-cycle, from creation to destruction.
Typically, systems consider a document a work in progress until it has undergone review, approval, lock-down and (potentially) publication, at which point it becomes a formal record within the organization.
Once a document achieves the status of a record, the organization may apply best-practice or legally enforced retention policies which state how the second half of the record life-cycle will progress. This typically involves retention (and protection from change), until some events occur which relate to the record and which trigger the final disposition schedule to apply to the record. Eventually, typically at a set time after these events, the record undergoes destruction.
EDRMS software.
A range of software vendors offer these systems at an enterprise level (i.e. targeted at managing all documents and records within an enterprise).
These vendors have historically provided electronic document management systems and have acquired smaller records management system companies. The seamlessness of the integration and the original intention of the records-management component to manage electronic records typically sets the complexity of deploying and potentially of using the final system.
Professional organizations.
Professional organizations for documents and records include:

</doc>
<doc id="21500265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500265" title="Yves Billon">
Yves Billon

Yves Billon (born July 9, 1946 in Paris) is a French documentary film-maker, highly regarded in Europe. He is also founder of the production companies Les Films du Village and Zaradoc.
The documentaries "Religious and Sufi Music of Pakistan" and "The Music of Balochistan" that he produced with a Pakistani ethnomusicologist Adam Nayyar also won silver medal at the Florence Film. Yves Billon made a 52-minute documentary in 1992 in English/French on the music of Bismillah Khan and showed him as one of the greatest shehnai players who changed the status of shehnai from a common court instrument to that of a classical solo instrument. The film was set along the banks of Ganges, in the mystical Varanasi.The day the shehnai died. Aijaz Gul Festival

</doc>
<doc id="21500285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500285" title="Benzothiazine">
Benzothiazine

Benzothiazine is a heterocyclic compound consisting of a benzene ring attached to the 6-membered heterocycle thiazine. The name is applied to both the 2H- (top) and 4H- (bottom) isomers of the molecule.
2,1-Benzothiazine, a type of benzothiazines was first reported in the 1960s. Subsequently, their preparation and intensive biological and physiological studies have been reported. In recent years, 2,1-benzothiazines have been of enormous interest to synthetic chemists. An enantioselective synthesis of such benzothiazines has been developed by Harmata and Hong who have formulated transformations of these compounds designed to target chiral, non-racemic building blocks as well as natural products. 
References.
1. Sulfostyril (2,1-benzothiazine 2,2-dioxide). I. Preparation and reactions of 3,4-dihydrosulfostyril. Loev,B.; Kormendy, M.F. "J. Org. Chem." 1965, "30", 3163.
2. Recent Progress in the Chemistry of 2,1-Benzothiazines. Hong, X.; Harmata, M. Progress in Hetereocyclic Chemistry, Chapter 1, G. W. Gribble and J. A. Joule, eds, Pergamon Press, Vol 19, pp 1-43 (2008)
3. The Intramolecular, Stereoselective Addition of Sulfoximine Carbanions to α, β-Unsaturated Esters. Harmata, M.; Hong, X. "Journal of the American Chemical Society", 2003, "125(19)", 5754-5756.
4. Benzothiazines in Synthesis. A Total Synthesis of Pseudopteroxazole. Harmata, M.; Hong, X. "Organic Letters", 2005, "7(16)", 3581-3583.

</doc>
<doc id="21500301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500301" title="Ostrea Lake, Nova Scotia">
Ostrea Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21500312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500312" title="West Langwell">
West Langwell

West Langwell is a small remote crofting settlement in Rogart, Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
East Langwell lies 2 miles directly southeast of West Langwell, and approximately 8 miles north of Golspie.

</doc>
<doc id="21500352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500352" title="Sayed Jalal">
Sayed Jalal

Sayed Jalal (full name Sayed Jalal Karim; Persian:سید جلال) was a candidate in the 2009 Afghanistan presidential election.
Early life.
As a child in Kabul, Sayed Jalal was known in Afghanistan and abroad for his prodigious skills in mathematics. At the age of 9, Jalal came to the United States where he interviewed with several top American colleges, including Columbia University. However, Jalal was not able to attend college in the U.S., because Hafizullah Amin demanded his return to Afghanistan and then forced to him and his father to move to Russia. There, Jalal attended Moscow University where he was the youngest student ever, but he did not earn any degrees.
After leaving Russia, Jalal and his father took refuge in Pakistan before finally immigrating to Saudi Arabia.
Political background.
Sayed Jalal has negotiated ceasefires and hostage releases 
between The Northern Alliance, The Taliban, and Iran. He operates within a network of influence that once included Benazir Bhutto.
Jalal claims to campaign on a platform that rejects the notion that Afghan politics must be tribal and divisive. He claims to seek an end to warlord politics and is a strong critic of the government of Hamid Karzai, which he views as weak, incompetent, and corrupt. The current political atmosphere of Afghanistan combined with Jalal's message of unity and hope has led some Afghans to compare him to Barack Obama.
A concern in the elections was that Jalal lacked political experience and international support. It was also suggested that Jalal does not know how to speak formal Persian by many Afghans within and outside Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21500364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500364" title="Pleasant Point, Nova Scotia">
Pleasant Point, Nova Scotia

game

</doc>
<doc id="21500394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500394" title="Owls Head, Nova Scotia">
Owls Head, Nova Scotia

Owls Head, Nova Scotia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21500407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500407" title="You (film)">
You (film)

You is a 2008 American drama film starring and directed by Melora Hardin (in her directorial debut). The film also stars Gildart Jackson (Hardin's real-life husband, who also wrote the film), Brenda Strong, Joely Fisher, Allison Mack, Amy Pietz, Jerry Hardin, and Don Michael Paul. 
Plot.
Husband and wife Rawdon (Gildart Jackson) and Miranda (Melora Hardin) are soulmates. Their love for each other is palpable as they lie in bed treasuring their 6 month old daughter Quincey. Miranda fantasizes about the speech she plans to make when, one day in their future, she will give this tiny infant away at her wedding.
Tragically, when Quincey is 3, Miranda is killed in a car accident and Rawdon is left alone, unmoored, to continue life without the love of his life. 
Fortunately Rawdon still has Quincey. Staying as strong as he can he takes her to the roof of a skyscraper and explains that Mommy is now an angel. It is up here that for the first time they see a vision of Miranda as an angel. 
Rawdon continues to see visions of her. Initially these visions help him—at home she gives him advice about parenting; in Portugal she softens his hardness; when he hides in the closet to isolate himself she snaps some sense into him and insists that Rawdon keep her mother, father and brother—Quincey's Grandparents (Jerry Hardin, Diane Hardin) and Uncle Jack (Don Michael Paul) – firmly in Quincey's life. 
Rawdon explains these visions to his therapist Paula (Brenda Strong) as she helps him with the long grieving process and over a period of years, with Quincey growing before our eyes, Rawdon tries to move on with his life. 
He tries to date other women. Disastrously. He falls instantly in love with Sam (Amy Pietz) who ends up becoming his good friend and a surrogate Aunt to Quincey. He dates other including Kimberly (Joely Fisher) who Quincey wisely suggests is far better suited to her Uncle Jack. And she is right. When Jack and Kimberly get married, Rawdon is their best man.
All the while Miranda's metaphysical presence is with him. He goes from needing her, to blaming her, being angry at her. But for a long, long time he won't let her go away. Part of him wants her to stay alive in his imagination forever and gradually this presence that helped him initially eventually becomes an impediment to his moving on in life. 
In contrast to her Dad's stagnation, Quincey is growing up fast (Allison Mack as a 20 year old), and in no time she is dating, stealing cars, trying to set her Dad up with her best friend's divorced Moms, going off to University and falling in love with a Frenchman named Philippe. 
It is not until Rawdon finally plucks up the courage to ask out somebody who might just be right for him that he finally, tearfully, asks Miranda to leave him. 
This is ultimately a coming of age story. We watch Quincey literally come of age whilst her father, emotionally, comes of age. He eventually gives up the now stultifying memory of his dead wife and arrives at a new beginning. 
The end of this story is also the beginning of another where Rawdon, surrounded by the people he loves—but without Miranda—finds himself giving Quincey away at her wedding to Philippe. And here he makes the speech that Miranda made in bed with him and Quincey so many years before.

</doc>
<doc id="21500453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500453" title="Marude Dameo">
Marude Dameo


</doc>
<doc id="21500494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500494" title="Ottawa phonology">
Ottawa phonology

Ottawa (also spelled Odawa) is a dialect of the Ojibwe language spoken in a series of communities in southern Ontario and a smaller number of communities in northern Michigan. Ottawa has a phonological inventory of seventeen consonants and seven oral vowels; in addition, there are long nasal vowels the phonological status of which are discussed below. An overview of general Ojibwa phonology and phonetics can be found in the article on Ojibwe phonology. The Ottawa writing system described in Modern orthography is used to write Ottawa words, with transcriptions in the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) used as needed.
Significant innovations in Ottawa phonology differentiate it from other dialects of Ojibwe. It is characterized by a pervasive pattern of vowel syncope, by which short vowels are completely deleted or in certain circumstances reduced to schwa , when they appear in metrically defined Weak syllables. The notable effects of Syncope are: 
Consonants.
Consonants are written using the conventional symbol from the Ottawa writing system, with the symbol from the International Phonetic Alphabetic (IPA) following where the two vary.
The stop, fricative, and affricate consonants are divided into two sets, conventionally referred to as Fortis and Lenis, or equivalently 'Strong' and 'Weak.' Each fortis consonant is matched with a corresponding lenis consonant with the same place of articulation and manner of articulation.
The fortis consonants ("p, t, k, ch, s, sh") are invariably voiceless and phonetically long. The stops are also aspirated in most positions: , , , , but unaspirated after another consonant.
The lenis consonants ("b, d, g, j, z, zh") are typically voiced intervocalically and word-initially before a vowel but are devoiced in word-final position. They are also often subject to other phonological processes when adjacent to fortis consonants.
A number of consonants occur only in loanwords from English: "f, r, l".
The labialized stop consonants and also occur in the speech of some speakers. Labialization is not normally indicated, but a subscript dot is utilized in , a dictionary of Ottawa and Eastern Ojibwe, to mark labialization: "ɡ̣taaji" ('s/he is afraid') and "aaḳzi" ('s/he is sick.')
The contrast between fortis and lenis consonants has been interpreted as a distinction between geminate and non-geminate consonants. However, it has also been argued that Ottawa fortis consonants should be analysed as consonant clusters. In support of this analysis, Ottawa fortis consonants correspond to clusters of /h/ followed by a lenis consonant in the dialects of northwestern Ontario, and the fortis consonants are descended from sequences of consonants in Proto-Algonquian, the reconstructed ancestor language from which Ojibwe and its dialects descend.
Vowels.
Ottawa has seven oral vowel sounds, four long and three short. The long vowels "ii, oo, aa" are paired with the corresponding short vowels "i, o, a." The long "e" has no corresponding short vowel. The phonological distinction between long vowels and short vowels plays a significant role in Ottawa phonology. Only short vowels can be metrically Weak and hence candidates for Syncope. Similarly long vowels are invariably metrically Strong and are never deleted.
The table gives the orthographic symbol and the primary phonetic values for each vowel.
There are also four nasal vowels, often occurring in the final syllable of nouns with diminutive suffixes or words with a diminutive connotation; orthographically the long vowel is followed by word-final <nh> to indicate that the vowel is nasal, but the use of <h> is an orthographic convention and does not correspond to an independent segment. Some analyses treat the long nasal vowels as phonemic, while others treat them as derived by rule from sequences of long vowel followed by . , in his study of the related Southwestern Ojibwa dialect spoken in Minnesota describes the status of the analogous vowels as unclear, noting that while the distribution of the long nasal vowels is restricted, there is a minimal pair "giiwe" ('s/he goes home' and "giiwenh" ('so the stories goes'). Other presentations of Ojibwe phonology are silent on the issue.
Ottawa also has nasalized vowels that arise from combinations of a vowel and a nasal consonant followed by a fricative. These secondarily nasal vowels are predictable and are not part of the Ottawa inventory of vowel phonemes.
Phonological processes.
Vowel syncope.
Ottawa (and Eastern Ojibwa) are characterized by a pervasive pattern of vowel syncope, whereby short vowels are completely deleted or in certain circumstances reduced to ], when they appear in metrically defined Weak syllables, discussed below. Syncope sharply distinguishes Ottawa and Eastern Ojibwa from other dialects of Ojibwe, although related patterns of syncope primarily affecting word-initial syllables have also been recorded for Ojibwe communities along the north shore of Lake Superior, between Thunder Bay and Sault Ste. Marie.
Syncope has had far-reaching effects in Ottawa, resulting in significant changes in the pronunciation and representation of words, prefixes, and suffixes, and increasing the distinctiveness of Ottawa relative to other dialects of Ojibwe. Syncope has also resulted in the introduction of new forms for person prefixes on nouns and verbs, and the deletion of vowels between consonants has resulted in new secondary consonant sequences, which in some cases results in further adjustments in the pronunciation of consonant sequences. Syncope has increased the amount of variability in the pronunciation of words that contains vowels subject to Syncope.
The patterns of syncope are not new in Ottawa, and are attested in the Ottawa material that linguist Leonard Bloomfield recorded in the late 1930s from Andrew Medler, an Ottawa speaker originally from Michigan who spent most of his life at Walpole Island. Although reduction and syncope effects in Walpole Island Ottawa were noted in , and treated by him as vowel reduction, the situation was not identical in all Ottawa materials collected in approximately the same period. Material collected by Bloomfield in 1941 from Ottawa speaker Angeline Williams, then residing at Sugar Island, Michigan, east of Sault Ste. Marie show no sign of Syncope. Williams was born at Manistique, Michigan in 1872. As well, material collected by C. F. Voegelin from Ottawa speaker Gregor McGregor of Birch Island, Ontario (immediately north of Manitoulin Island) shows only a very limited amount of Syncope. McGregor was born in 1869.
Syncope is also sociolinguistically complex in terms of the way it is realized by different speakers of Ottawa, as distinct patterns have been noted that involve age grading and regional variation within Ottawa-speaking territory. notes that for older speakers, in particular at Manitoulin Island, deletion of short vowels is "…a kind of casual speech phenomena, and the vowels can be easily resupplied (with only some ambiguity of quality)." By comparison, for younger speakers and for older speakers elsewhere, such as the Lower Peninsula of Michigan, deletion of short vowels is categorical.
The Potawatomi language also has rules that affect short vowels, reducing them to schwa and also deleting them under conditions similar to Ottawa. The Potawatomi phenomena were recorded as early as the 1830s, whereas Ottawa materials from the same period do not show any signs of vowel reduction or deletion. The rise of extensive Syncope in Ottawa may be a substratum effect related to the migration of Potawatomi speakers to Ottawa-speaking communities in southern Ontario in the late nineteenth century.
Distinct unrelated patterns of syncope in more restricted contexts are also found in northern dialects, in particular Severn Ojibwa and Algonquin.
Basic pattern.
In the following table, differences in pronunciation between non-syncopating varieties of Ojibwa and the syncopating Ottawa and Eastern Ojibwa are shown.
Metrical feet and syllable weight.
Ojibwe syllables are organized into metrical Feet. A Foot consists of a minimum of one syllable, and a maximum of two syllables. Syllables are either Weak or Strong. Each foot contains no more one than one Strong syllable. Taken together, the metrical Foot in combination with Weak and Strong syllables define the domain for relative prominence, in which a Strong syllable is more prominent than the weak member of the Foot. The following summarizes material in .
Syllable weight plays a significant role in Ottawa phonology, determining stress placement and syncope. Several general principles determine syllable weight.
Assignment of syllable weight starts at the left edge of a word and proceeds left to right.
1. All syllables containing long vowels are Strong. 
2. Counting left to right from the beginning of the word, in a sequence of two or more syllables containing short vowels the odd-numbered syllable is Weak and the even-numbered syllable is Strong. 
3. The final syllable of a word is always Strong.
Possible feet are listed below. The first two foot types are iambic, i.e. alternating Weak-Strong.
Weak vowels are subject to syncope.
Alternations in syllable weight.
Addition of inflectional prefixes or suffixes can change the syllable weight assignment of a word. As a result, a short vowel may be exempt from Syncope because it is in a metrically Strong syllable in one form of a word, but may be eligible for Syncope because the addition of a prefix or suffix changes the syllable weight of the same syllable in a related form of the word.
In a word such as Ojibwa "makizin" ('shoe') (in non-syncopating dialects) the first two syllables are Weak and Strong, respectively (by rule 3 above), while the final syllable is Strong (by rule 2).
In Ottawa, the first vowel is deleted: "mkizin."
The personal prefix /ni-/ ('first person') can be added to a noun such as "makizin": "nimakizin" ('my shoe'). The first two syllables are then Weak and Strong respectively, and the third and fourth syllables are also Weak and Strong respectively. Because the first and third syllables are weak, they are deleted in this word in Ottawa: "nmakzin." Hence in the form of the word without a prefix the first vowel is deleted because it is in a Weak syllable; in the form with the person prefix the same vowel is in a Strong syllable and is not deleted.
Similarly, the same noun can also occur with the inanimate plural suffix /-an/, as in General Ojibwe "makizinan" ('shoes'). In this word the metrical structure is Weak-Strong Weak-Strong. In the Ottawa form the first and third vowels are deleted: "mkiznan." The vowel that was in the final Strong syllable in the singular form "makizin" and hence exempt from syncope is now in a Weak syllable because of the following suffix, and is eligible for deletion.
The Ojibwe word 'my shoes' (non-syncopating dialects) has both the personal prefix and the plural suffix: "nimakizinan." In this five-syllable word the metrical structure is Weak-Strong Weak-Strong Strong. The first and third syllables are metrically weak and are deleted in Ottawa: "nmakzinan."
In the table below 'W' represents Weak syllables and 'S' represents Strong syllables. An asterisk (*) represents the boundary between Feet.
The basic form of a noun or verb word without any inflectional prefixes or suffixes is referred to as the stem.
The interaction between the combinations of prefixes and suffixes and Syncope results in the Ottawa word stem for 'shoe' having three different shapes or allomorphs where other non-syncopating dialects have only one allomorph for this word stem.
Vowels in invariably weak syllables.
In some cases a short vowel in a word may be metrically Weak in a particular variant of a word (and hence deleted) or it may be metrically strong and hence retained. However, in certain words a short vowel may be in a position where it would always be Weak and therefore always deleted. For such words, it cannot be deduced from synchronic Ottawa language material which of the short vowels /i, a, o/ was present in the historical pre-Syncope form of the word. Here, the quality of the vowel can only be determined by examining the form of the word in other dialects of Ojbwe that have not been affected by Syncope, or by referring to earlier sources for Ottawa, such as Baraga's late nineteenth-century dictionary. For example, the Ottawa word "naawkwe" ('be midday') originally had a vowel between the first "w" and "k". In other dialects this word has the form "naawakwe". In Ottawa, however, for the majority of speakers the short vowel "a" is never realized and for these speakers there is no reason to believe that the vowel is present in any representation of the word; hence the underlying representation of the word is different for Ottawa speakers.
Secondary consonant clusters.
Syncope creates secondary consonant clusters that are distinguished from consonant clusters that occur in all Ojibwe dialects. Secondary clusters are subject to a range of adjustments.
Syncope affects sequences of the form /CVC.../ (Consonant Vowel Consonant) by deleting the Weak vowel, creating a secondary cluster of the form [CC...]. The affected consonants may be identical or different.
Word-internal secondary clusters.
"1. Neutralization of Lenis Stops Before a Nasal. "
The lenis stops "b, d, g" before a nasal consonant may optionally be realized as the corresponding nasal consonant "m, n, ŋ", although "g" is the least likely to undergo this shift.
"2. Neutralization of Lenis Consonants Before a Fortis Consonant."
Lenis consonants ("b, d, g, z, zh") occurring before a homorganic fortis consonant ("p, t, k, s, zh") are deleted. The examples cited below have fortis fricative consonants as the second element in the consonant sequence. Other examples include "bp → p; dt → t; gk → k."
Word-initial secondary clusters.
Secondarily-arising word-initial consonant clusters reflect a pattern of Reduplication of verb roots that forms many Ottawa words. This pattern has been effectively eliminated in Ottawa through the restructuring of these consonant clusters.
"3. Neutralization of Initial Nasal / Approximant Consonants Before a Homorganic Nasal / Approximant Consonant."
Word-initial sequences of two identical nasal consonants or "w" are normally reduced to a single consonant; pronunciations with doubled consonants are rare.
"4. Neutralization of Word-Initial Identical Lenis Consonants"
Sequences of word-initial lenis consonants ("b, d, g, z, zh") are reduced in two slightly different patterns.
In the first, a sequence of two identical lenis fricatives is reduced to a single consonant.
In the second pattern, in a sequence of two identical lenis stops, the consonant cluster is variably realized as (i) a sequence ot two lenis stops; (ii) the corresponding fortis stop, or (iii) a single lenis stop.
Variable /i/ and /a/ in initial syllables.
Weak short /i/ is also realized as /a/ in certain words in the initial syllable of noun or verb stems. This phenomenon is prominent in the material collected from Angeline Williams by Bloomfield cited above, and also occurs in the Ottawa material in . These data sets do not reflect Ottawa Syncope. Although this alternation also occurs in other dialects, it is most widespread in earlier Ottawa. There does not appear to be a general phonological conditioning factor for this variation, which arguably is determined lexically, i.e. on a word by word basis.

</doc>
<doc id="21500502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500502" title="Oakfield, Nova Scotia">
Oakfield, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21500518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500518" title="Salvia muirii">
Salvia muirii

Salvia muirii is an evergreen perennial shrub native to limited areas east of the Cape of Good Hope and Mossel Bay on the southern coast of South Africa. It grows in an area influenced by the climate of the Indian Ocean, on rolling hills between 200 and 1000 feet elevation. The plant was first collected by Dr. John Muir, a Scottish physician and plant collector who spent many years in South Africa. Muir wrote to the botanist Harriet Margaret Louisa Bolus, who named the plant after him.
"Salvia muirii" reaches 2 feet tall in its native habitat, less in cultivation. It grows into a stiff erect shrub, with small branches and tiny .75 inch olive-green leaves. The leaves appear smaller because each one is slightly folded along the middle. When crushed, they give off an aroma described as "reminiscent of a medicine cabinet" or of Vicks. The short inflorescences hold violet-blue flowers in whorls of two or three. The lower lip of the flower has a prominent white beeline, while the upper lip is short, straight, and one color.

</doc>
<doc id="21500551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500551" title="High on Jackson Hill">
High on Jackson Hill

High on Jackson Hill is the fourth studio album by Immaculate Machine, released April 28, 2009 on Mint Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21500596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500596" title="Ship Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Ship Harbour, Nova Scotia

Some of the earliest European settlers of Ship Harbour and the area were soldiers disbanded from the Royal Nova Scotia Volunteer Regiment in 1783.
References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21500629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500629" title="Eddie Jayamanne">
Eddie Jayamanne

Wanniaarachchige Don David Victor Jayamanne (15 February 1915–25 July 1981), popularly known as Eddie Jayamanne was a popular Sri Lankan comedian and actor of early Sri Lankan cinema.
Hailing from a Christian family in Negombo, Eddie with his brother B. A. W. Jayamanne formed the Minerva theater troupe in the 1930s. They successfully ran plays in which naive Ceylonese characters would ape Western ways to comical results merging South Indian theatre with Western drama. Eddie, a frequent star of these comedies, became a popular theater actor in the years leading up to the development of Sri Lankan cinema. Eddie married fellow Minerva troup player Rukmani Devi after falling in love through their involvement in the same plays. Devi's parents challenged their engagement in court but they were allowed to go through with their marriage.
In 1947, South Indian producer S. M. Nayagam became interested in producing a Sri Lankan film. He contacted B. A. W. Jayamanne and secured the rights to one of his plays called "Kadawunu Poronduwa". Eddie would be one of the stars in this film adaption in the village simpleton role of Manappuwa alongside Jemini Kantha as Josi Baba. As the first film to feature Sinhalese dialogue, the film found approval with audiences and was a huge success.
The Jayamanne brothers followed the success of the film with several other play adaptions i.e. "Hadisi Vinishchaya" (1949), "Sengawunu Pilithura" (1951) and "Umathu Wishwasaya" (1952). Mabel Blythe joined the cast with "Hadisi Vinishchaya." In 1953 the brothers adapted a book into film for the first time in Sri Lankan cinema ("Kele Handa"). Their subsequent films include "Iranganie" (1954), "Matha Bedhaya" (1955), "Perakadoru Bena" (1955), "Daiwa Wipaakaya" (1956), "Vanaliya" (1958), "Kawata Andare" (1960) and "Mangalika" (1963).
Eddie's work not related to his brother's productions include playing a musician in "Sandesaya" (1960) and the brother of a village simpleton who discovers a jewel and becomes rich in "Kolomba Sanniya" (1976). He reprised his role as Manappuwa in a remake of "Kadawunu Poronduwa" released in 1982.
Death.
On 25 July 1981, Eddie died from a Heart Attack. During his last days he was residing in 172, Palliyawaththa, Handala. His death was reported by a neighbour, P.K. Piyadasa. He was buried in "Manyokhena" Cemetery in Negombo.

</doc>
<doc id="21500631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500631" title="National People's Action">
National People's Action

National People’s Action (NPA) is a community organizing network with affiliates in 14 states that builds grassroots power to advance racial and economic justice. Headquartered in Chicago, NPA was founded in 1972 by Austin neighborhood activist Gale Cincotta and professional organizer Shel Trapp. 
History.
Founded in 1972 by Cincotta and Trapp, NPA played an important role in the writing and passing of key federal housing legislation -- the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, and the National Affordable Housing Act of 1990. NPA is best known for its annual spring conference in Washington, DC, which brings a thousand people for direct action confrontations with housing and banking officials. For many years Cincotta and Trapp offered training to its affiliates through their National Training and Information Center (NTIC).
NPA survived the retirement of Trapp and the death of Cincotta in 2001, but refocused its efforts on legislative lobbying and direct action, de-emphasizing the training programs once offered through NTIC. Emira Palacios of Wichita, Kansas -- pictured above -- has served as board co-chair and presently as vice-president and secretary. George Goehl has been the executive director since 2008. 
Program.
National People's Action conducted a series of "Showdown" events starting in October 2009. The events, dubbed "Showdown In America," "called for the end of corporate lobbying and too-big-to-fail financial institutions." 
According to National People’s Action, it exists as a network to create a society in which "racial and economic justice are realized in all aspects of society, resulting in more equity in work, housing, health, education, finance, and other systems central to people's well-being."
Platform.
The following beliefs were developed by NPA community leaders. According to NPA, these beliefs are the building blocks for achieving its mission:
NPA's big ideas – based on NPA's beliefs – are those policies that NPA fights for as a network. NPA fights for policies that:

</doc>
<doc id="21500643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500643" title="Musashi, the Samurai Lord">
Musashi, the Samurai Lord

Musashi, the Samurai Lord, known in Japanese as , is an anime series by Studio Pierrot. The 50-episode series aired on Nippon Television from October 1990 to September 1991.
The series stars, Musashi, a "gimmick robot." In the country of Zipangu every person has a gimmick robot. Musashi battles and meets his rival, Kojiro (a reference to the historical battle between Miyamoto Musashi and Sasaki Kojirō).
Two video games were released based on the anime.

</doc>
<doc id="21500676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500676" title="IIHF European Cup 1981">
IIHF European Cup 1981

The 1980-1981 European Cup was the sixteenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 9, 1980, and finished on August 9, 1981.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21500769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500769" title="The Art of Storytelling (Dirty album)">
The Art of Storytelling (Dirty album)

The Art of Storytelling is the sixth album released by rap group, Dirty. It was released on June 12, 2007 through Rap-a-Lot Records and was produced by Terrence Cash and James Prince. "The Art of Storytelling" only made it to #40 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, becoming their only major studio album to not make it to the Billboard 200. This would mark Dirty's final album with Rap-a-Lot Records as the duo chose to leave label after this album's release. 

</doc>
<doc id="21500774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500774" title="Hauck">
Hauck

Hauck is a German patronymic family name, derived from the first name Hugo. It may refer to the following notable persons:

</doc>
<doc id="21500777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500777" title="1926 Chicago Cardinals season">
1926 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1926 Chicago Cardinals season was their seventh in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 11–2–1, winning only five games. They finished tenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21500814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500814" title="Caroline, Wisconsin">
Caroline, Wisconsin

Caroline is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Grant in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population is 270. The fire station for the town is located within the community. The community is located at the intersection of County Highways G & M between Marion and Tilleda. Caroline uses the ZIP code 54928. The Embarrass River passes through the community; it is used for ice racing.

</doc>
<doc id="21500821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500821" title="Journeyman quarterback">
Journeyman quarterback

A journeyman quarterback is a term used for an American Football (typically NFL) quarterback who plays for several teams over a career. Such a player is typically signed to year-by-year contracts, and may be signed by a team to fill in for an injured starter.
Stereotype.
Many journeymen quarterbacks are seen as having mediocre talent, or having just enough talent to be the team's backup. True journeymen quarterbacks play for several teams in a career, and may go several years between starting jobs.
Notable examples.
There have been countless examples of journeymen quarterbacks in the NFL, but the following players are especially famous for their sporadic careers.
New York Jets (1992-1993) 
<br>Cincinnati Bengals (1994-1999) 
<br>New Orleans Saints (2000-2001) 
<br>Baltimore Ravens (2002) 
<br>Arizona Cardinals (2003) 
<br>Philadelphia Eagles (2004) 
<br>Chicago Bears (2005)
<br>Indianapolis Colts (1990-1993) 
<br>Atlanta Falcons (1994-1996) 
<br>Oakland Raiders (1997-1998) 
<br>Minnesota Vikings (1999) 
<br>Washington Redskins (2000-2001) 
<br>Seattle Seahawks (2002) * 
<br>Chicago Bears (2004) * 
<br>Oakland Raiders (2006) * 
<br>Chicago Bears (1982-1988)
<br>San Diego Chargers (1988)
<br>Philadelphia Eagles (1990-1992)
<br>Minnesota Vikings (1993)
<br>Arizona Cardinals (1994)
<br>Cleveland Browns (1995)
<br>Green Bay Packers (1995-1996)
Chicago Bears (1985-1990) 
<br>Green Bay Packers (1991) 
<br>Cleveland Browns (1992) 
<br>Pittsburgh Steelers (1993-1999) 
<br>Detroit Lions (2000) * 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1987-1992) 
<br>Cleveland Browns (1993-1995) 
<br>Baltimore Ravens (1996-1997) 
<br>New York Jets (1998-2003) 
<br>Dallas Cowboys (2004) 
<br>New York Jets (2005) 
<br>New England Patriots (2006) 
<br>Carolina Panthers (2007)
Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1994-1999) 
<br>Baltimore Ravens (2000) 
<br>Seattle Seahawks (2001-2004) 
<br>Cleveland Browns (2005) 
<br>San Francisco 49ers (2006-2007)
See also.
Free Agent

</doc>
<doc id="21500825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500825" title="Fort Clinton (West Point)">
Fort Clinton (West Point)

Fort Clinton was the main defensive garrison of the Revolutionary War defense network at West Point. Commanded by and named after Benedict Arnold before his betrayal of the Revolutionary Army and defection to the British, it was later renamed after General James Clinton. Construction was begun under Captain Louis de la Radiere, and completed under the command of Tadeusz Kosciuszko between 1778–1780; it was the key defensive fort, overlooking the turn in the Hudson River and the Great Chain. After the war, the remains of Fort Clinton fell into disrepair and were eventually demolished to make way for the expansion of the United States Military Academy, founded at the garrison in 1802. Today, all that remains of the fort are some earthworks and stone base structure, easily seen off of Thayer Road as its rounds the Plain and the soccer fields at West Point.

</doc>
<doc id="21500850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500850" title="Guitar Hero Smash Hits">
Guitar Hero Smash Hits

Guitar Hero Smash Hits (titled Guitar Hero Greatest Hits in Europe and Australia) is a music rhythm game and the fourth expansion game to the "Guitar Hero" series. The game features 48 songs originally featured in five previous games in the series—"Guitar Hero", "Guitar Hero II", ', ' and ""—redesigning the songs to be based on master recordings and to include support for full band play first introduced to the series in "Guitar Hero World Tour". The game was developed by Beenox, published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane for release on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 systems and was released around the world in the second half of June 2009.
The game reuses many elements from previous titles in the series, including "Guitar Hero World Tour" and "". Beenox designed the game around playing the greatest songs of the series at venues located in the greatest places on Earth, and created venues based on various Wonders of the World for the game. While the game's soundtrack and expansion into a four-player band were well received by reviewers, the game was highly criticized for being a full-cost standalone title instead of being downloadable content for existing games in the series.
Gameplay.
"Guitar Hero: Smash Hits" plays similar to "Guitar Hero World Tour", featuring support for a four-instrument band: lead guitar, bass guitar, drums, and vocal. In addition to using master recordings for each song, the songs have been charted to use gameplay features introduced in "World Tour" including the open bass strumming & slider sections for intense solos using the touchpad on the guitar bundled with World Tour. Certain songs have been recharted or remixed to be more accessible to the full band; for example, "I Love Rock N Roll" includes a drum and vocals solo without guitar portions that were omitted in the original "Guitar Hero", while the piano introduction in "Killer Queen" is tapped out by the lead guitar player. The game borrows gameplay and graphical elements from "", including the "Expert+" difficulty level using two bass drum pedals and the rearrangement of on-screen meters for band mode. "Smash Hits" includes a Music Studio creation mode and is compatible with the "GHTunes" custom song sharing service present in "World Tour" and "Metallica". "Smash Hits" also includes all the game modes present in "World Tour", including single player and band career modes, and the eight-player "Battle of the Band" mode.
The game presents a story sequence that ties in with the Career mode, as has been present in more recent "Guitar Hero" games. In "Smash Hits", the players are challenged by the "God of Rock" to play at venues at various Wonders of the World in order to charge a power artifact; it is revealed later that the God of Rock is actually Lou the Devil in disguise seeking the power of the artifact, the real God trapped by Lou. The player's band is able to discover Lou's deception and free the God of Rock; the band then rejects the God of Rock's offer of ascension to immortality, instead wanting to return to Earth to continue to rock. After completing each venue, the players earn venue-specific clothing to customize their avatars. The career mode follows the same star-tier system used in "Metallica", requiring players to earn a fixed number of stars to proceed from one tier to the next. As with "Guitar Hero: Metallica", all songs are available to play in Quickplay mode without unlocking them through the career mode.
Development.
"Guitar Hero: Smash Hits" was one of three new titles for the Guitar Hero series announced in early 2009. Though the game was initially called "Guitar Hero: Greatest Hits", cover art for the game in North America had shown the title had changed to "Guitar Hero: Smash Hits". The game was still released as "Guitar Hero: Greatest Hits" in Europe and Australia.
Paul Gadbois, developer at Beenox Studios, identified that their goal for the game was to focus on the music from the past games in the "Guitar Hero" series, and that the selection of the soundtrack was one of the core features they focused on first. Songs were selected based on several factors, including songs that were not formerly available to Wii and PlayStation 3 owners, and songs that played well in both single player and band modes. They also thought of playing the "greatest songs" in the "greatest places", and developed eight new venues based on Wonders of the World, including "Amazon Rain Forest", "The Polar Ice Caps" and "The Grand Canyon". The team opted to reuse the original "Guitar Hero" characters instead of attempting to bring in musical celebrities as was done in "Guitar Hero World Tour" and "Guitar Hero: Metallica", fearing that the star power would have outshone the music selection. Beenox performed all of the major development efforts, including designing the venues, selecting the songs, and creating the note tracks, though Neversoft provided their own development tools and provided Beenox with their own insight from developing the other "Guitar Hero" games in the series. While the Beenox developers were provided with the note charts from the songs in their original games, they only looked at these after developing new charts for the songs on their own, and modified their new charts to accommodate sections from the originals that made them fun to play in the first place. The game's full setlist was revealed over the course of April and May 2009 by allowing users to vote on the order of the remastered tracks from the four previous games.
In North America, various retailers provided pre-order incentives for those who reserved "Smash Hits". GameStop and EB Games gave away a pair of branded drumsticks with the game. Best Buy provided a discount towards any "Guitar Hero World Tour"-related product with pre-orders of the game, and provided a limited supply of extra drum bass pedals for the "Expert+" mode with purchase of the game. Game Crazy offered exclusive cheat codes as their incentive.
Soundtrack.
All 48 tracks in the game are master recordings of songs previously featured in the first five published games of the "Guitar Hero" series: "Guitar Hero", "Guitar Hero II", ', ', and "". "Cult of Personality" is a re-recording performed by Living Colour for "Guitar Hero III", while two other songs are taken from live concert recordings; all other songs are based on original studio recordings. Although the game supports user-created songs through the "GHTunes" service (common to "Guitar Hero World Tour" and "Guitar Hero: Metallica"), other existing downloadable content does not work with "Smash Hits". Songs in either the Career single player or band mode are arranged in tiers roughly in order of difficulty for the particular instrument, with different orders for each of the five Career paths. However, all songs are playable from the game's "Quickplay" mode without completing any Career goals. Twenty-one of the songs were exportable to both "Guitar Hero 5" and "Band Hero" for a small fee, with music licensing limiting which songs could be exported. The songs included in the game are as follows. 
Reception.
"Guitar Hero: Smash Hits" received moderate praise from reviews, many of which cited that the game itself demonstrates the over-saturation of the music game market and the sheer number of titles with the "Guitar Hero" series that Activision has marketed. Chris Roper of IGN summarized that the game "is the definition of 'milking'", noting that, save for the PlayStation 2 version, all of the songs in the game could have been distributed as downloadable content or reused within other compatible titles. Jeff Gerstmann of Giant Bomb commented that "something about the game's full [...] price tag doesn't quite feel right" and reaffirmed that being able to select a handful of the songs to play again would have been a preferred method of distribution. Tom Bramwell of Eurogamer further suggested that a simultaneous release of both the retail product and the same songs as downloadable content would have been an improvement. Chris Kohler of "Wired" listed "Smash Hits" on a list of "raw deals" for gamers, citing Activision's approach that results in "players end up paying more for segregated song lists", and contrasted the approach to that of the "Rock Band" series, in which downloadable content is integrated into existing games. "Game Informer"'s Matt Helgeson noted that, ultimately, the cost per song was still cheaper than current prices for downloadable content, but he still felt the game's purpose was solely for "creating revenue for Activision".
The song selection, use of master recordings, and expansion to the full-band experience were praised. Dan Amrich of "Official Xbox Magazine" called the selection an "excellent selection of material" that avoided the most popular songs in favor of those that "are the most fun to play". Addition of full band tracking for the songs was considered helpful to avoid making the game's material feel like "warmed-over leftovers from the series' past", according to Gerstmann. The mixing of some of the songs was also considered to be off, with Roper specifically noting a too-loud bass and too-soft vocals for "No One Knows". Roper noted that the PlayStation 2 version of the game suffered from graphics "stuttering", making it difficult to hit notes even after refining the game's controller calibration, considering the impact as "crippling the game".
The game's note tracks were particularly analyzed and compared with the songs' previous versions in the older games. While the note-tracking has generally been improved to avoid "walls of notes"—long sections of fast-moving notes requiring significant skill to surpass—these patterns are significantly different from their previous incarnation and may take some getting used to. Roper also noted that the new features of "Guitar Hero World Tour", particularly the use of "slider notes" that use either the "World Tour" touchpad or simple tapping without strumming on any other guitar controller's frets, makes many of the more difficult parts of the songs easily passed, requiring less technical skill to complete; Roper cited his ability to easily pass the first solo in what is considered to be the series' most difficult song, "Through the Fire and Flames" in "Smash Hits" while he could not pass this section on "Guitar Hero III". In contrast, Abbie Heppe of G4 TV found the recreation of the note tracking to have "varying degrees of success", noting that while some of the guitar solos are more manageable, there were questionable sections in other songs arising from the nature of Star Power phrases when it was changed in "Guitar Hero III". Gerstmann said that the difficulty of the non-lead guitar portions of the game was not as high as that of the lead guitar, primarily due to these songs' having been selected originally for being played by guitar controllers and not by a full band. Heppe suggests that some of these problems may be due to the farming out of the series to a different developer with no previous experience in the series. However, Bramwell was careful to note that Beenox Studios' effort on the game was strong, particularly with following the "Guitar Hero: Metallica" model, and their effort should not be dismissed due to how Activision chose to release the title.

</doc>
<doc id="21500860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500860" title="Richard Shelton (American football)">
Richard Shelton (American football)

Richard Eddie Shelton (born January 2, 1966 in Marietta, Georgia) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Denver Broncos and the Pittsburgh Steelers. He is currently a scout for the Tennessee Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="21500862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500862" title="Tasuke, the Samurai Cop">
Tasuke, the Samurai Cop

Tasuke, the Samurai Cop, known in Japanese as , is a manga series created by Manavu Kashimoto. It was adapted as an anime television series by Studio Pierrot broadcast in 22 episode on TV Tokyo (TX) from October 19, 1990 to March 22, 1991.
Tasuke, a student at the Metropolitan Police Academy, wishes to become a top police officer and defeat the criminals of Edo City.

</doc>
<doc id="21500902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500902" title="Våmhus">
Våmhus

Våmhus is a locality situated in Mora Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 857 inhabitants in 2010. It is situated by the Orsa Lake's northwest beach.
In Våmhus still largely the old fashion local language "Våmhusmål" is in practice.
The place is also known for its basketry and haircrafts. Please read about so called ""Hårkullor"".
The present urban area answers to an older parish by the same name, which covered 14 small villages:
Notable residents.
Eric Wickman, born "Martis Jerk", founder of Greyhound Lines, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="21500938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500938" title="Shelagyote Peak">
Shelagyote Peak

Shelagyote Peak is the highest mountain in the Sicintine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of Barger Creek. It has a very large prominence of , created by the Shelagyote Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="21500943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500943" title="Manavu Kashimoto">
Manavu Kashimoto

Kashimoto is the creator of "Tasuke, the Samurai Cop" and "Croket!". In 2003 he won the Shogakukan Manga Award for the children's category for "Croket!".

</doc>
<doc id="21500987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21500987" title="Calling All Angels">
Calling All Angels

"Calling All Angels" is the title of a 2003 song by the rock band Train. It was included on the band's third studio album, "My Private Nation", and produced by Brendan O'Brien.
The song was the first to be released from "My Private Nation" in 2003 and peaked at #19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It also spent three weeks atop the "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart that same year. The song features Greg Leisz on pedal steel guitar. 
"Calling All Angels" was nominated for two Grammy Awards at the ceremony held in February 2004. In the category Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group, the song lost out to "Disorder in the House" by Bruce Springsteen and Warren Zevon; in the category Best Rock Song, the winner was "Seven Nation Army" by The White Stripes. The song has also been prominent in pop culture appearing in several television shows including "One Tree Hill" and as the theme song in the intro for the short lived medical drama "3 lbs". Train also performed the song at the 2006 Pepsi Super Bowl Smash. 
The song was an unofficial anthem of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim baseball team; it was played at Angel Stadium before every game during the 2010 season, while the video screen showed a montage of the team's history (in addition, the band performed the song live and in person prior to the Home Run Derby of the 2010 All-Star Game, which was held at Angel Stadium). 
This song was performed on the episode "Second Chances", and during the third season premiere of "Smallville".
The song was also briefly incorporated into Train's cover of "Joy to the World" for the 2012 holiday album "".
Track listing.
2003 Single:
Mexican Promo:
Reviews.
The song received mixed reviews from rock critics, with Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" giving the song a B+ and calling it "an anthemic hymn to commitment...that builds steadily to a gloriously clanging climax." Matt Lee of the BBC was less impressed, describing the track as "pedestrian, the vocals soulless, even more so than" the band's biggest hit single, "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)".

</doc>
<doc id="21501000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501000" title="Casting">
Casting

Casting is a manufacturing process by which a liquid material is usually poured into a mold, which contains a hollow cavity of the desired shape, and then allowed to solidify. The solidified part is also known as a casting, which is ejected or broken out of the mold to complete the process. Casting materials are usually metals or various "cold setting" materials that cure after mixing two or more components together; examples are epoxy, concrete, plaster and clay. Casting is most often used for making complex shapes that would be otherwise difficult or uneconomical to make by other methods.
Casting is a 6000 year old process. The oldest surviving casting is a copper frog from 3200 BC.
Types.
Metal.
Metal casting is one of the most common casting processes. Metal patterns are more expensive but are more dimensionally stable and durable. Metallic patterns are used where repetitive production of castings is required in large quantities.
Plaster, concrete, or plastic resin.
Plaster and other chemical setting materials such as concrete and plastic resin may be cast using single-use "waste" molds as noted above, multiple-use 'piece' molds, or molds made of small rigid pieces or of flexible material such as latex rubber (which is in turn supported by an exterior mold). When casting plaster or concrete, the finished product is, unlike marble, unattractive, lacking in transparency, and so it is usually painted, often in ways that give the appearance of metal or stone. Alternatively, the first layers cast may contain colored sand so as to give an appearance of stone. By casting concrete, rather than plaster, it is possible to create sculptures, fountains, or seating for outdoor use. A simulation of high-quality marble may be made using certain chemically-set plastic resins (for example epoxy or polyester) with powdered stone added for coloration, often with multiple colors worked in. The latter is a common means of making attractive washstands, washstand tops and shower stalls, with the skilled working of multiple colors resulting in simulated staining patterns as is often found in natural marble or travertine.
Casting process simulation riyaz shaikh.
Casting process simulation uses numerical methods to calculate cast component quality considering mold filling, solidification and cooling, and provides a quantitative prediction of casting mechanical properties, thermal stresses and distortion. Simulation accurately describes a cast component’s quality up-front before production starts. The casting rigging can be designed with respect to the required component properties. This has benefits beyond a reduction in pre-production sampling, as the precise layout of the complete casting system also leads to energy, material, and tooling savings.
The software supports the user in component design, the determination of melting practice and casting methoding through to pattern and mold making, heat treatment, and finishing. This saves costs along the entire casting manufacturing route.
Casting process simulation was initially developed at universities starting from the early '70s, mainly in Europe and in the U.S., and is regarded as the most important innovation in casting technology over the last 50 years. Since the late '80s, commercial programs (such as AutoCAST and MAGMA) are available which make it possible for foundries to gain new insight into what is happening inside the mold or die during the casting process.

</doc>
<doc id="21501041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501041" title="Largest prehistoric animals">
Largest prehistoric animals

The largest prehistoric organisms include both vertebrate and invertebrate species. Many are described below, along with their typical range of size (for the general dates of extinction, see the link to each). Many species mentioned might not actually be the largest representative of their clade due to the incompleteness of the fossil record and many of the sizes given are merely estimates since no complete specimen have been found. Especially their body mass is mostly conjecture because soft tissue was rarely fossilized. Generally the size of extinct species was subject to energetic and biomechanical constraints.
Vertebrates.
Mammals (Mammalia).
"Basilosaurus" was once recognized as one of the largest known extinct cetaceans at in length.
The largest fossil Odontocete ("toothed whale") was the Miocene physeteroid whale "Livyatan melvillei" which was estimated to be between 13.5 and 17.5 meters in length. One notable feature of "L. melvillei" was its teeth which could exceed 36 cm in length and were unmatched by any other animal, extinct or alive.
However, the largest fossil whales were baleen whales from the Pliocene and Pleistocene Epochs. A notable example is the bones of a Pliocene age baleen whale, assigned the questionable name ""Balaenoptera sibbaldina"", which likely rivaled the modern blue whale in size.
The largest monotreme (egg-laying mammal) ever was the extinct long-beaked echidna species known as "Zaglossus hacketti", known from a couple of bones found in Western Australia. It was the size of a sheep, weighing probably up to .
The largest fossil hyena is the lion-sized "Pachycrocuta", estimated at .
The largest cingulate known is "Doedicurus", at 4.5 meters long. (14 ft). "Glyptodon" easily topped and 2 tonnes (4,400 lb).
The largest creature of this group was "Deinogalerix", measuring up to 60 cm in total length, with a skull up to 20 cm long. It occupied the same ecological niche as dogs and cats today.
The largest prehistoric lagomorph is Minorcan Giant Lagomorph ("Nuralagus rex") at 23 kg (50 lbs).
The largest cimolestid is "Coryphodon", high at the shoulder and long.
The largest astrapotherians had an elongated body, with a total length of about ,
The largest arsinoithere was "Arsinoitherium". When alive, it would have been tall at the shoulders, and long.
The largest condylarths of is "Phenacodus". It was long and weighted up to 56 kg,
The largest dinoceratan was "Uintatherium". It was about the size of a rhinoceros. Despite its large size, it had a brain only about as large as an orange.
The largest desmostylian was "Desmostylus" at 1.8 metres long (6 ft) and weighing about .
The largest litoptern was "Macrauchenia", which had three hoofs per foot. It was a relatively large animal, with a body length of around .
The largest notoungulate was "Toxodon". It was about in body length, and about high at the shoulder and resembled a heavy rhinoceros.
The largest creodont and oxyaenid was "Sarkastodon" weighting at 800 kg. The largest hyaenodontid was "Megistotherium" at 500 kg. 
The largest mesonychid was "Andrewsarchus mongoliensis". It is known only from one skull which was long and wide.
Non-mammal synapsids (Synapsida).
The plant-eating pelycosaur "Cotylorhynchus" probably was the largest of all non-mammal synapsids, at and 2 tons. Among the largest carnivorous synapsids were the therapsids "Anteosaurus", which was 5–6 meters long, and weighed 500–600 kg, and "Ivantosaurus", with a length of .
"Moschops" was the largest therapsid, with a weight of 700–1000 kg, and a length of about 5 meters.
Reptiles (Reptilia).
The largest plesiosaur was "Mauisaurus haasti", growing to about in length. Next behind was "Elasmosaurus" at long.
There is much controversy over the largest of these reptiles. Fossil remains of a pliosaur nicknamed as "Predator X" have been discovered and excavated from Norway in 2008. This pliosaur has been estimated at in length and in weight. However, in 2002, a team of paleontologists in Mexico discovered the remains of a pliosaur nicknamed as "Monster of Aramberri", which is also estimated at in length. This specimen is however claimed to be a juvenile and has been attacked by a larger pliosaur. Some media sources claimed that "Monster of Aramberri" was a "Liopleurodon" but its species is unconfirmed thus far.
Another very large pliosaur was "Pliosaurus macromerus", known from a single 2.8 m long incomplete mandible. It may have reached , assuming the skull was about 17% of the total body length.
The largest ichthyosaur was "Shastasaurus sikanniensis" at in length.
The largest is "Scutosaurus", up to in length, with bony armor, and a number of spikes decorating its skull.
The largest of this order is "Redondasaurus", who attained a length of 
Non-avian dinosaurs (Dinosauria).
Other giant sauropods like "Supersaurus", "Sauroposeidon", and "Diplodocus" probably rivaled them in length but not weight.
Birds (Aves).
The largest birds of all time might have been the elephant birds of Madagascar. Of almost the same size was the Australian "Dromornis stirtoni". Both were about 3 m tall (10 ft). The elephant birds were up to 400 kg and "Dromornis stirtoni" was up to 500 kg in weight. The tallest bird ever was the Giant Moa ("Dinornis maximus") at 12 ft tall.
The largest flight-capable bird was "Argentavis magnificens" which a wingspan of , and a body weight of .
The largest waterfowl of all time belonged to the Dromornithidae (e.g. "Dromornis stirtoni").
The largest shorebird of all time was the Great Auk ("Pinguinus impennis") at in weight and in length.
The largest of Ciconiiformes was "Leptoptilos robustus", standing tall and weighing an estimated .
The largest falconiform and the largest flying bird presently known was "Argentavis magnificens". The immense bird had wingspan estimated up to and a weight up to . It was as high as an adult human when standing.
The largest pigeon ever was the Dodo ("Raphus cucullatus"), weighing and standing tall. Rodrigues solitaire ("Pezophaps solitaria"), a brown, long-necked birds that were superficially ratite-like. All three species may have exceeded in height. All were carelessly hunted it into extinction by humans and introduced animals. The Dodo is the most frequently crowned as the largest ever pigeon, as it could have weighed as much as , although recent estimates have indicated that an average wild Dodo would have weighed around , scarcely larger than a male turkey.
The largest of the hesperornithines was "Canadaga arctica" at 5 ft long.
The largest diatryma was "Gastornis" tall, with large individuals up to tall.
The largest teratorn and the largest flying bird ever was "Argentavis", with a weight of .
The largest ever gruiform and largest phorusrhacid or "terror bird" (highly predatory, flightless birds of South America) was "Brontornis", which was about 175 cm tall at the shoulder, could raise its head 2,8 metres above the ground an could have weighed as uch as 400 kg. The immense phorushacid "Kelenken" with a skull long (18 inches of which was beak), had the largest head of any known bird.The largest is Titanis it is about 3m. tall,as tall as an elephant.
The largest bird of prey ever was the enormous Haast's eagle ("Harpagornis moorei"), with a wingspan of , relatively short for their size. Total length was probably up to in female and they weighed about 10 to 15 kg (22 to 33 Ib). the largest extinct "Titanohierax" was a giant hawk about 8 kilograms that lived in the Antilles, where it was among the top predator.
The largest in this group was a giant flightless "Sylviornis", a bird long and weighing up to about .
The largest songbird is the extinct Giant Grosbeak ("Chloridops regiskongi") at long.
The largest cormorants Spectacled Cormorant of the North Pacific ("Phalacrocorax perspicillatus"), which went extinct around 1850, was larger still, averaging around and .
The largest in this group – which has been variously allied with Procellariiformes, Pelecaniformes and Anseriformes – and the largest flying birds of all time other than "Argentavis" were the huge "Cyphornis", "Dasornis", "Gigantornis" and "Osteodontornis". They had a wingspan of and stood about tall. Exact size estimates and judging which one was largest are not yet possible for these birds, as their bones were extremely thin-walled, light and fragile, and thus most are only known from very incomplete remains.
The largest woodpecker is the possibly extinct Imperial Woodpecker ("Campephilus imperialis") with a total length of about 22 inches (50 centimeters). The largest woodpecker confirmed to be extant is the Great Slaty Woodpecker ("Mulleripicus pulverulentus").
The largest parrot is the extinct Norfolk Island Kaka ("Nestor productus"), about 38 cm long.
The largest penguin of all time was "Anthropornis nordenskjoeldi" of New Zealand and Antarctica. It stood in height and was in weight. Similar in size were the New Zealand Giant Penguin ("Pachydyptes pondeorsus") with a height of and weighing around 80 to possibly over 100 kg, and "Icadyptes salasi" at tall.
The largest owl of all time was the Cuban "Ornimegalonyx" at 43.3 inches tall probably exceeding .
Amphibians (Amphibia).
The largest amphibian of all time was the 30 ft long temnospondyli "Prionosuchus".
Another huge temnospondyli was "Koolasuchus" at 16 ft long, but only 1 ft high.
The largest frog ever was the "Beelzebufo ampinga", weighing 
The largest diacectid, "Diadectes", was a heavily built animal, 1.5 to 3 meters long, with thick vertebrae and ribs.
The largest anthracosaur was "Anthracosaurus", a predator. It could reach up to 12 feet in length. "Eogyrinus" commonly reached , however, it was more lightly built.
Bony fish (Osteichthyes).
The largest placoderm was the long "Dunkleosteus". Its relative, "Titanichthys", may have rivaled it in size. These particular animals may have reached lengths of and are estimated to have weighed in at 3.6 tons.
The largest of these was the long "Hyneria".
The largest bony fish of all time was the pachycormid, "Leedsichthys problematicus", at around long. Claims of larger individuals persist.
The largest of ichthyodectid fish was the long "Xiphactinus" .
Cartilaginous fish (Chondrichthyes).
An extinct megatoothed shark, "C. megalodon" is by far the biggest shark known. This giant shark reached a total length (TL) of more than . "C. megalodon" may have approached a maximum of in total length and in mass.
The largest symmoriid is "Stethacanthus" at long.
The largest eugenedont is "Helicoprion" at long.
The largest hydontiformids is "Ptychodus" was about 32 feet long (10 meters)
Arthropods (Arthropoda).
Dinocaridida.
The largest known is "Anomalocaris" at 1 meter long.
Chelicerata.
The largest in this group was "Jaekelopterus rhenaniae" at in length. A close contender was "Pterygotus" at in length.
There are two contenders for largest ever arachnid: "Pulmonoscorpius kirktonensis" and "Brontoscorpio anglicus". Both were . The biggest difference is that "Brontoscorpio" was aquatic, and "Pulmonoscorpius" was terrestrial. "Brontoscorpio" is not to be confused with various Eurypterids: it was a true scorpion with a stinger.
Trilobitomorpha.
Some of these extinct marine arthropods exceeded in length. A nearly complete specimen of "Isotelus rex" from Manitoba attained a length over , and an "Ogyginus forteyi" from Portugal was almost as long. Fragments of trilobites suggest even larger record sizes. An isolated pygidium of "Hungioides bohemicus" implies that the full animal was long.
Insects (Insecta).
The largest of this group was the giant ant "Titanomyrma giganteum" at , with queens growing to . It had a wingspan of .
The largest in this group was probably "Meganeura" with a wingspan of . Another enormous and possibly larger species was "Meganeuropsis permiana".
The largest in this group was probably "Saurophthirus", growing to in length. It possibly sucked the blood of pterosaurs.
The largest of this order was "Mazothairos", with a wingspan of up to .
Several cockroach-like stem dictyopterans from the Carboniferous Period grew to exceptional size. A specimen of "Xenoblatta" from Ohio was at least 70 mm long, almost the size of the largest cockroach living today.
Molluscs (Mollusca).
Gastropods (Gastropoda).
The largest of this group were in the genus "Campanile", with the extinct "Campanile giganteum" having shell lengths up to .
Bivalves (Bivalvia).
The largest bivalve ever was "Platyceramus platinus", a giant that usually had an axial length of , but some individuals could reach an axial length of up to .
Cephalopods (Cephalopoda).
The largest ammonite was "Parapuzosia seppenradensis". A partial fossil specimen found in Germany had a shell diameter of , but the living chamber was incomplete, so the estimated shell diameter was probably about when it was alive.
The largest belemnite was "Megateuthis gigantea" with a guard of in length and an estimated total length long.
The longest and largest of this group was "Cameroceras" with a shell length of .
Both "Tusoteuthis" and "Yezoteuthis" are estimated to be similar in size to the modern day giant squid.

</doc>
<doc id="21501042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501042" title="Don Lucas">
Don Lucas

Donald (Don) Lucas is an internationally recognized trombone artist and educator. He is an associate professor and Brass, Woodwind & Percussion department chair at the Boston University School of Music and serves as president of the International Trombone Association. Lucas is an artist/clinician for the S.E. Shires Company.
__TOC__
Honors and achievements.
Lucas, a Fulbright Scholar, is the recipient of the coveted Premier Prix at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama; he is the only brass musician ever to receive this prize. Lucas also has received the Bronze Medal L'unamite, Toulon International Solo Competition; First Place "Fellow", Harmony Ridge Brass Festival; first place solo and group competitions, National Christian Artists Seminar; first prize winner, ITA Frank Smith Trombone Solo Competition; and first prize, the American Classic Trombone Quartet, Summit Brass International Brass Chamber Group Competition. Lucas has performed under notable conductors Leonard Slatkin, Ivan Fisher, John Adams, Hugh Wolf, and Christopher Hogwood.
Mr. Lucas has also commissioned and premiered many works by composers Theodore Antoniou, Gary D. Belshaw, Derek Bourgeouis, Jacques Casterede, Franz Cibulka, Adam Gorb, Alun Hoddinott, Elena Roussanova Lucas, David Maslanka, Daniel Schnyder, and Fisher Tull.
Performance and teaching.
International.
Lucas has led masterclasses and performed recitals internationally, including:
United Kingdom
The British Trombone Society Festival
Guildhall School of Music and Drama
Chetham’s School of Music
Repton Brass Festival
Royal Academy of Music
Royal Northern College of Music
The Royal Scottish Academy of Music
Wigmore Hall
Russia
Moscow Conservatory
Saint Petersburg Conservatory 
Fine Arts Institute – Vladivostok
Other international engagements
Korean Trombone Festival
Brazilian Trombone and Tuba Association Festival
Paris Conservatory
Trombones de Costa Rica International Brass Festival
International Trombone Festival - 1996 (Feldkirch, Austria)
International Trombone Symposium (Melbourne, Australia)
United States.
In addition to serving on the faculties of Boston University, Texas Tech University, Eastern New Mexico University, and Sam Houston State University, Lucas has taught numerous master classes and has given many performance across the country at venues such as Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall, the Juilliard School, Terrace Theatre at the Kennedy Center, the Eastman School of Music, the United States Army Band "Pershing's Own", the West Point United States Military Academy Band, the United States Naval Academy Band, the Midwest Band and Orchestra Clinic, the MasterWorks Festival, the New York Conference of Brass Scholarships, the Eastern Trombone Workshop, 76 Trombones + 4 Trombones Festival, Harmony Ridge Brass Festival, College Band Directors National Association Convention, the Texas Bandmasters Association Convention, the Texas Music Educators Association Convention, the Christian Artists Music Festival, the Las Vegas Music Festival, the Boston University Tanglewood Institute, and dozens of appearances at universities, festivals, camps, and schools.
Education.
Lucas attended the University of North Texas College of Music, Texas Tech University (BM, MM), the University of Houston (DMA work), and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama (Advanced Solo Studies Diploma). His principal teachers include Denis Wick, Robert Deahl, Al Lube, Carsten Svanberg, Phil Wilson, Michel Becquet, Allen Barnhill, John Marcellus, Leon Brown, and Dave Maser.
Discography.
Lucas has released two solo albums: "Hymns for Trombone" and "Cantabile" both showcase his lyrical style. He can also be heard on recordings with the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra and the American Wind Symphony Orchestra. He has recorded solo and chamber music for North South Recordings and Warwick Music Publishers.
References.
Online Don Lucas masterclass given at the Eastern Trombone Workshop 2007 Wigmore Hall
The British Trombone Society Festival

</doc>
<doc id="21501075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501075" title="SMS Radetzky">
SMS Radetzky

SMS "Radetzky"  was the first of the three pre-dreadnought battleships built for the Austro-Hungarian Navy (K.u.K. Kriegsmarine). She was named for the 19th century Austrian Field Marshal Joseph Radetzky von Radetz. "Radetzky" and her sisters, and , were the last pre-dreadnoughts built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy—they were followed by the larger and significantly more powerful dreadnoughts.
"Radetzky" was built by the shipbuilding company "Stabilimento Tecnico" in Trieste and commissioned into the fleet on 15 January 1911. The ship conducted training cruises in the Mediterranean before the outbreak of World War I in mid-1914. During the war, "Radetzky" operated largely as part of a fleet in being alongside the rest of the Austro-Hungarian Navy; in doing so, the ships tied down considerable naval forces from the Triple Entente. "Radetzky" did participate in some offensive operations, primarily shore bombardments in the Adriatic Sea against French, Montenegrin, and Italian targets.
Towards the end of 1918, with the war going against the Austrians, "Radetzky" was prepared to be transferred to the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs. On 10 November 1918 — six days after the Austrian armistice — Yugoslav navy officers sailed the battleship out of Pola and surrendered it to a squadron of American submarine chasers. Under the terms of the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, the transfer was not recognized; instead, "Radetzky" was given to Italy and broken up for scrap.
Construction.
"Radetzky" was built at the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino dockyard in Trieste, the same place where her sister ships were built. She was the second ship of her class to be constructed and her kneel was laid down on 26 November 1907. The teak used on "Radetzky"s deck was the only material Austria-Hungary had to purchase abroad to build the ship. "Radetzky" was launched from the slipway on 3 July 1909, and commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian navy on 15 January 1911 and had a crew of 880 to 890 officers and men.
"Radetzky" was 138.8 m (455 ft 4 in) long, and had a beam of 24.6 m (80 ft 8 in) and a draft of 8.1 m (26 ft 9 in). She displaced normally, and up to with a full combat load. The ship was powered by two-shaft four-cylinder vertical triple expansion engines rated at 19,800 indicated horsepower and a top speed of . She had a maximum range of at a cruising speed of .
The ship's primary armament consisted of four 30.5 cm (12 in) 45-caliber guns in two twin gun turrets. This was augmented by a heavy secondary battery of eight 24 cm (9.4 in) guns in four wing turrets. The tertiary battery consisted of twenty 10 cm L/50 guns in casemated single mounts, two 66 mm (2.6 in) landing guns, four 47 mm (1.85 in) L/44 and one 47 mm L/33 quick-firing guns. Three 45 cm (17.7 in) torpedo tubes were also carried, two on the beams and one in the stern.
Service history.
Pre-war.
One of "Radetzky"s first duties was to attend the British Coronation Review for King George V in Spithead in June 1911. Following her return to the Austro-Hungarian fleet, she conducted several training cruises in the eastern Mediterranean with her two sisters in 1912. Later that year, "Radetzky" and her sisters, under the command of Vice Admiral Maximilian Njegovan, took part in an international fleet demonstration in the Ionian Sea to protest the Balkan Wars. Among the ships from other navies were the British pre-dreadnought , the Italian pre-dreadnought , the French armored cruiser , and the German light cruiser . The combined flotilla, under the command of British Admiral Cecil Burney, proceeded to blockade the Montenegrin coast to prevent Serbian reinforcements from supporting the siege at Scutari.
During the operation, the first seaplanes to be used in combat were operated from "Radetzky" and her two sisters. This proved unsatisfactory, however, because the ships lacked cranes with which to lift the planes onto the deck, as well as the fact that the deck was too small to accommodate the aircraft. As a result of the pressure from the international blockade, Serbia withdrew its army from Scutari, which was then occupied by a joint Allied ground force. By 1913, the new dreadnoughts of the were coming into active service, and so "Radetzky" and her sisters were shifted from the 1st Division to the 2nd Division of the 1st Battle Squadron.
World War I.
At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the German battlecruisers and "Breslau" were coaling in Messina; British warships had begun to assemble outside the port in an attempt to trap the German ships. The German navy called upon its Austro-Hungarian allies to come to their aid; the Austro-Hungarian high command was initially hesitant, as they wished to avoid initiating hostilities with the British. However, when the Germans made clear they wanted the Austro-Hungarian fleet to steam only as far as Brindisi, the high command relented and sent the portion of the fleet that had by that time been mobilized, which included "Radetzky", on the operation. The fleet sailed to the designated latitude, under strict orders to only actively assist the German ships while they were in Austro-Hungarian waters. After the German ships successfully broke out into the Mediterranean, the Austro-Hungarian fleet returned to port.
In October 1914, the French army established artillery batteries on Mount Lovčen to support the Army of Montenegro against the Austrian army at Cattaro. By the time they were operational, on 15 October, the Austro-Hungarians were ready with the pre-dreadnoughts of the . However, their 24 cm guns were insufficient to dislodge the French artillery batteries, and so "Radetzky" was sent to assist them. On 21 October, the ship arrived, and the gunfire from her 30.5 cm guns forced the French to abandon the position.
On 23 May 1915, between two and four hours after the Italian declaration of war reached the main Austro-Hungarian naval base at Pola, "Radetzky" and the rest of the fleet departed to bombard the Italian and Montenegrin coast. Their focus was on the important naval base at Ancona, and later the coast of Montenegro. The bombardment of Montenegro was part of the larger Austro-Hungarian campaign against the Kingdoms of Montenegro and Serbia, who were members of the Entente, during the first half of 1915. During the attack on Ancona and the surrounding coastline, "Radetzky", as well as the cruisers and , and the destroyers , , and traveled south to cover the ships attacking Ancona. Upon finding no enemy ships in the region, the group bombarded the Termiti Islands, Viests, Manfredonia, and Barletta. After leaving the Gulf of Manfredonia "Radetzky" and the rest of the ships accompanying her sighted the first enemy ships of the day, two Italian destroyers. During the encounter, one Italian destroyer managed to escape the Austrian ships but the other, , was severely damaged. Only when a larger Italian force appeared did "Radetzky" and her accompanying ships abandon their attempts to capture the damaged destroyer.
Aside from the encounter with "Turbine", "Radetzky" managed to destroy a railroad bridge near the town of Fermo, severely hampering the movement of troops and supplies in the region. Sixty-three Italian civilians and military personnel were killed in the bombardment. By the time Italian ships from Taranto and Brindisi arrived on the scene, the Austro-Hungarians were safely back in Pola.
The attack on Ancona was an immense success, and the Austro-Hungarian ships were largely unopposed during the entire operation. The objective of the bombardment was to delay the Italian Army from deploying its forces along the border with Austria-Hungary by destroying critical transportation systems. The surprise attack on Ancona succeeded in delaying the Italian deployment to the Alps for two weeks. This delay gave Austria-Hungary valuable time to strengthen its Italian border and re-deploy some of its troops from the Eastern and Balkan fronts.
Aside from the attack on Ancona, the Austro-Hungarian battleships were confined to Pola for the duration of the war. Their operations were limited by Admiral Anton Haus, the commander of the Austro-Hungarian Navy, who believed that he would need to husband his ships to counter any Italian attempt to seize the Dalmatian coast. Since coal was diverted to the newer "Tegetthoff"-class battleships, the remainder of the war saw "Radetzky" and the rest of the Austro-Hungarian Navy acting as a fleet in being. This resulted in the Allied blockade of the Otranto Strait. With his fleet blockaded in the Adriatic Sea, and facing a shortage of coal, Haus attempted to use mines and submarines, rather than battleships, to reduce the numerical superiority of the Allied navies.
End of the war.
By October 1918, Austria prepared to transfer her entire fleet to the newly created State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (later to become the Kingdom of Yugoslavia) in order to keep it out of Italian hands. On 10 November 1918, one day before the Allied Armistice with Germany, and six days after the Austrians and Italians agreed to the Armistice of Villa Giusti, Yugoslav officers with scratch crews sailed "Radetzky" and "Zrínyi" out of Pola. Once outside Pola, the ships spotted heavy units of the Italian fleet; the two battleships hoisted American flags and sailed south to escape. A squadron of US Navy submarine chasers operating off the city of Spalato accepted the surrender of "Radetzky" and "Zrínyi". However, under the subsequent peace treaty, the Allied powers ignored the transfer of the Austro-Hungarian ships to the Yugoslav navy which had already taken place; instead, the ships were ceded to Italy. "Radetzky" was broken up in Italy between 1920 and 1921.
Notes.
Footnotes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="21501091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501091" title="Zhejiang A &amp; F University">
Zhejiang A &amp; F University

Zhejiang A & F University (ZAFU; ), formerly referred to aas Zhejiang Forestry University, is provincial university established in 1958. It is located in Lin'an City, Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province in China.
History.
Zhejiang A & F University (ZAFU) was created in 1958. It is a provincial university which offers undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in agriculture, science, technology, literature, commerce, law, economics and medicine.
Administration.
Administrative Offices.
The administrative offices are structured into the following divisions:
Schools and Departments.
The university is organized into the following schools and departments.

</doc>
<doc id="21501095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501095" title="List of polysemes">
List of polysemes

The following is a list of common polysemes. These examples can variously mean a verb to act, a noun for an activity, or nouns for those engaged in the activity, the result of the activity, or the place or time of the activity:

</doc>
<doc id="21501107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501107" title="Abdul Hai Habibi">
Abdul Hai Habibi

Abdul Hai Habibi ( – "ʿAbd' ul-Ḥay Ḥabībi") (1910 – 9 May 1984) was a prominent Afghan historian for much of his lifetime as well as a member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan (Afghan Parliament) during the reign of King Zahir Shah. A Pashtun nationalist from Kandahar, Afghanistan, he began as a young teacher who made his way up to become a writer, scholar, politician and Dean of Faculty of Literature at Kabul University. He is the author of over 100 books but is best known for editing Pata Khazana, an "old" Pashto language manuscript that he claimed to have "discovered" in 1944; the academic community, however, does not acknowledge the manuscript as genuine.
Biography.
Habibi was born in the city of Kandahar in 1910, in a Pashtun family of scholars. He was the great grandson of Allamah Habibullah, the eminent scholar known as "Kandahari intellectual" who authored many books. Habibi's father died at an early age and he grew up studying in the mosques of Kandahar, and in 1920 he was admitted to the primary school of Shalimar. Being good at his studies, he received his diploma at the age of 15 and began working as a teacher in the primary schools of Kandahar. In 1927 he was appointed as the deputy editor of "Tulo Afghan" weekly newspaper in Kandahar and 3 years later became the editor of the newspaper.
In 1950s, he was forced to exile by living in Peshawar, Pakistan, because of his opposition to Afghan Prime Minister Shah Mahmud Khan. While in exile, he published a journal called "Azad Afghanistan" ("Free Afghanistan"). He was permitted to return to Afghanistan in 1961 to become professor in the faculty of literature of Kabul University. In 1966, he was appointed president of Afghan Historical Society and he published a number of books on Afghan history.
As an academic, Habibi worked diligently throughout his life. He is the author of 115 books and over 500 papers and articles on the literature, history, philosophy, linguistics, poetics and the culture of the people of Afghanistan. Several of his books have been translated to English, Arabic, German and other foreign languages.
Abdul Hai Habibi died on 9 May 1984, in Kabul, during the Soviet war in Afghanistan. He was 74 years old at the time of his death. He was fluent in Pashto and Dari.
Criticism.
Pata Khazana, one of Habibi's major works, has been questioned by several prominent scholars for lacking strong evidence. British Iranologist, David Neil MacKenzie, concludes from the anachronisms that the document was fabricated only shortly before its claimed discovery in 1944. MacKenzie's central argument refers to the use of the modern Pashto letters "Dze" (ځ ) and "Nur" (ڼ ) throughout the script. These letters were only introduced into the Pashto alphabet in 1936 when the Afghan government reformed the Pashto orthography. The two letters have never been found simultaneously in any genuine manuscript before 1935.
Habibi responded to his critics in 1977 by stating:

</doc>
<doc id="21501118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501118" title="Charcoal Charlie">
Charcoal Charlie

Charcoal Charlie, is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1986. 
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Pablove Black

</doc>
<doc id="21501129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501129" title="Center for Journalism in Extreme Situations">
Center for Journalism in Extreme Situations

The Center for Journalism in Extreme Situations () is a press advocacy group in Russia. Founded in 2000 as part of the Russian Union of Journalists, the center is the primary media watchdog in the country and produces a variety of publications, including the weekly bulletin of media news and commentary Dangerous Profession.
The Center's director, Oleg Panfilov, warned against a proposition in Russia to arm journalists following the January 2009 murder of Novaya Gazeta reporter Anastasia Baburova and human rights attorney Stanislav Markelov.

</doc>
<doc id="21501149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501149" title="Mukundapuram (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mukundapuram (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mukundapuram Lok Sabha constituency () was a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala state in southern India. It was dissolved in 2008. 
Assembly segments.
Mukundapuram Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following legislative assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="21501187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501187" title="Orsa Lake">
Orsa Lake

Orsa Lake is a lake in the Swedish province Dalarna. It is connected to Siljan by a 4 km long narrow sound, Moranoret. 
Orsa Lake is 14 km long and 6.5 km wide. The lake has an area of 53 km² and the largest depth reaches to 94 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="21501195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501195" title="1997 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
1997 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 1997 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Tar Heels played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and competed in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The team was coached by Mack Brown finished the season 11–1 overall, 7–1 in the conference.
At the end of the season, Mack Brown left for Texas and as a result, did not coach in the Gator Bowl victory over Virginia Tech. Carl Torbush, who was the defensive coordinator during the regular season, became the head coach when Brown left. North Carolina credits the regular season to Mack Brown and the Gator Bowl victory to Carl Torbush.

</doc>
<doc id="21501202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501202" title="Mġarr phase">
Mġarr phase

The Mġarr phase is one of the eleven phases of Maltese prehistory. It is named for the town of Mġarr, in the west of the island, where pottery older than the Ta' Ħaġrat temple complex was found.
The Mġarr phase, approximately 3800-3600 BCE, follows the Żebbuġ phase in the Temple period, and precedes the three phases, the Ġgantija, Saflieni and Tarxien phases, during which the principal megalithic temples of Malta were built.

</doc>
<doc id="21501230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501230" title="John Monds">
John Monds

John Monds (born June 17, 1965) is an American politician and activist. He was the Libertarian nominee for Governor of Georgia in 2010. He was the first African American to appear on the general election ballot for Governor of Georgia.
In 2008, Monds became the first Libertarian Party candidate in Georgia and the rest of the United States to receive over 1,000,000 votes, when he ran for the Statewide office of Public Service Commission District 1 seat in 2008.
Monds received 1,076,726 votes for 33.4% of the vote in a two-way race with only a Republican opponent. His vote total was highest number of votes that a Libertarian candidate has ever received in a United States election at any level, until Gary Johnson received 1,139,562 votes in the 2012 presidential election
Background.
Monds is a 1983 graduate of J.M. Tate High School in Gonzalez, Florida and a 1987 graduate of Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia where he received a bachelor's degree in banking and finance. Monds and his wife, Dr. Kathaleena Edward Monds, live in Cairo, Georgia and have four children, Akintunde, Cazembe, Halima and Malik.
Recognitions.
Monds earned the 2002 Superior Service Award and the 2003 Omega Man of the Year Award - both from the Mu Beta Beta Chapter of Omega Psi Phi fraternity. In 2003 he earned the Superior Service Award from the aforementioned fraternity's state organization. In 2005 he was named Man of the Year by the Grady County NAACP.
Civic and political activities.
In his capacity as a member and currently President of the Grady County NAACP, Monds has held financial literacy classes for the Holder Park Summer Program, helped implement the Freedom Day Health Fair and advocated for citizens who believed they had been treated unjustly. He is a twenty year member of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity and has held various leadership positions on the local and state level including President of the Mu Beta Beta chapter. Monds also serves on the Grady County Planning Commission, Grady County Habitat for Humanity board, the Libertarian Party of Georgia Executive Committee and the Grady County Fine Arts Project.

</doc>
<doc id="21501235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501235" title="Canadian Federation of Agriculture">
Canadian Federation of Agriculture

The Canadian Federation of Agriculture (CFA) is Canada's largest general farm organization, representing 200,000 farmers and farm families. The organization is headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, with the mandate to provide a unified industry voice at the national level. The CFA was formed in 1935, and continues today as a farmer-funded, national umbrella organization representing provincial general farm organizations and national commodity groups.
Activities.
To promote awareness of agricultural producer organizations, the CFA sponsors a "Food Freedom Day", the date when an average Canadian family has earned enough income to pay the grocery bill for the entire year. In 2008, the Ontario Federation of Agriculture calculated that it took 34 days (Feb. 3, 2008) for the average Ontario family to make enough to cover their food expenses for the year.
Elected executive.
The current President of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture is Ron Bonnett. Bonnett had previously been the vice president of the CFA and, before that, the president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture. The current First Vice President is Christian Lacasse of the Quebec-based UPA, and the Second Vice President is Humphrey Bannack of the Alberta-based Wild Rose Agriculture Producers (WRAP). Previously, delegates at the 2009 Annual General Meeting elected Laurent Pellerin as the President of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture. The organization had been without a President since September, 2008, when Bob Friesen stepped down in order to participate in national politics. Friesen had been the Canadian Federation of Agriculture's president for over nine years. 
Laurent Pellerin had previously served as President of the Union des producteurs agricoles (UPA) as well as serving as 1st Vice-President of the CFA for over a decade. Pellerin, a hog and beef producer from Saint-Gregoire de Nicolet, Quebec, was the first québécois head of the organization in its 74-year history.
CFA Membership and Policy Development.
Being a federation of organizations, the deliberative body is composed of provincial farm organizations and commodity groups. Policy is generally developed in the form of grassroots resolutions, passed through member organizations and finally brought before the general assembly for a vote at the Annual General Meeting. Additional policy development decisions are deliberated by the 21 board members. Organizational decision-making is decided through a subset of the board of directors, called the National Council.
Members of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture currently include: 
Provincial Farm Organizations:
Commodity Groups and Other Organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="21501240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501240" title="Homs Camp">
Homs Camp

Homs camp is a Palestinian refugee camp within the city of Homs, Syria and around north of Damascus. As of 2002, the camp had a population of 13,825 inhabitants.
The camp was established in 1949 following the displacement of Palestinians during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on an area of 150,000 square meters. It is adjacent to al-Baath University and most of the refugees are originally from the villages surrounding Haifa and Acre in northern Palestine. Today, the majority of the refugees are wage laborers, local civil servants or street vendors. 
According to the UNRWA, poor environmental health is a major concern as it affects the quality of life and poses health risks for the refugees. The sewage system needs to be expanded to cope with the increasing camp population. The schools are old and dilapidated condition, and some have major structural defects. The UNRWA's main priority in the camp is to reconstruct the schools to provide improved educational facilities.
In 1996, the UNRWA constructed a new health center with a contribution from the United States government. A new community rehabilitation center for the disabled was built in 1999 in partnership with MOVIMONDO Molisv (an Italian non-governmental organization) with funds from the European Community Humanitarian Office (ECHO).

</doc>
<doc id="21501254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501254" title="Trichoepithelioma">
Trichoepithelioma

Trichoepithelioma is a neoplasm of the adnexa of the skin. Its appearance is similar to basal cell carcinoma.
One form has been mapped to chromosome 9p21.
Types.
Trichoepitheliomas may be divided into the following types:
Pathology.
Trichoepitheliomas consisted of nests of basaloid cells. They lack the myxoid stroma and artefactual clefting seen in basal cell carcinoma. Mitoses are uncommon when compared to basal cell carcinoma.

</doc>
<doc id="21501288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501288" title="Society of American Foresters">
Society of American Foresters

The Society of American Foresters (SAF) is a scientific and educational 501(c) non-profit organization, representing the forestry profession in the United States of America. Its mission statement declares that it seeks to "advance the science, education, and practice of forestry; to enhance the competency of its members; to establish professional excellence; and, to use the knowledge, skills and conservation ethic of the profession to ensure the continued health and use of forest ecosystems and the present and future availability of forest resources to benefit society". Its headquarters are located in Bethesda, Maryland. 
History.
The SAF was founded in 1900 by Gifford Pinchot, the first Chief of the United States Forest Service.
Education.
Accreditation.
The SAF is very active in improving the quality of postsecondary forestry education in the United States. It is dictated by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation as the main accreditor for academic degree programs in professional forestry, both at a Bachelor's and Master's level. Accreditation is ongoing, with a full review of all universities occurring every ten years, 2007 being the latest. Currently, only Michigan State University, Mississippi State University, and the University of Minnesota are accredited until 2017. Additionally, it reviews two-year programs leading to an Associate's degree in forest technology and other related fields; full accreditation of technical programs will commence as of August, 2009.
The SAF also offers a continuing education credit system, in hopes of keeping foresters and their associates current on the rapidly developing technologies.
Publications.
The SAF produces five periodic journals, which are all archived through the members-only, Roots of Forestry. The "Journal of Forestry" and "Forest Science" are the most comprehensive journals of general scholarly forestry research. Additionally, the society distributes journals that are particular to the different climatic forest regions of North America and their relative management styles; the "Northern Journal of Applied Forestry" pertains to the midwestern and northeastern parts of the United States, as well as to the boreal forest of Canada. The "Southern Journal of Applied Forestry" pertains to the cultural southern United States, and the "Western Journal of Applied Forestry" pertains appropriately to the western United States, including Alaska and Canada's British Columbia.
Additionally, SAF also publishes a variety of technical publications. "The Forestry Source" is published monthly, and the electronic newsletter, "E-Forester", bimonthly. Both provide a blend of articles on current events, applied science and technology, and social happenings.

</doc>
<doc id="21501309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501309" title="James Laver">
James Laver

James Laver, CBE, FRSA (14 March 1899 – 3 June 1975) was an English author, critic, art historian, and museum curator who acted as Keeper of Prints, Drawings and Paintings for the Victoria and Albert Museum between 1938 and 1959. He was also an important and pioneering fashion historian described as "the man in England who made the study of costume respectable".
Early life.
James Laver was born in Liverpool, England, on 14 March 1899, the second child and only son of Arthur James Laver, a maritime printer and stationer, and his wife, Florence Mary (née Barker), strict Congregationalists who brought up their children in a puritanical manner. He attended the Liverpool Institute. His academic progress was put on hold by the First World War, in which he served as a second lieutenant. 
In 1919 he resumed his residency at New College, Oxford, where he earned a BA degree second class in modern history 1921. The next year, he earned a B.Litt in theology for a thesis on John Wesley. His college fees and travel expenses were subsidized by a wealthy shipping magnate, Lawrence Holt. At Oxford, he contributed to the student magazine "Isis" and won the 1921 Newdigate Prize for his poem on "Cervantes".
Laver at the Victoria & Albert Museum.
In 1922, Laver entered the Department of Engraving, Illustration, Design and Painting at the Victoria & Albert Museum. He arrived shortly before the "International Theatre Exhibition" was transferred to the V&A from Amsterdam and was shown as part of his department. It showcased work by all the leading European designers of the time, and the Museum purchased several designs and models, which became the basis of the Museum's Theatre Collection. Laver was put in charge of this collection. Stage design became one of his passions, possibly in reaction against his upbringing. In 1938 he succeeded Martin Hardie as Keeper of the department, a post he held until his retirement in 1958. Despite his significant contributions to object-centred dress history, he was never Keeper of Textiles for the Museum, or part of the Textiles section.
Laver and fashion.
Laver is perhaps best remembered for his contributions to the field of fashion history, an interest in which emerged through a desire to date images accurately through the clothing depicted within. Laver defined the relationships between dress design and other applied arts, and discussed the influence of economic and social factors upon the development of fashionable taste. In 1962, Laver received a Neiman Marcus Fashion Award in recognition of his work in the field of fashion history. In 1937 Laver, with Pearl Binder, co-presented the first television programme to be dedicated to fashion history. "Clothes-Line", a six-part series, was so successful that in 1938, Laver and Binder reunited to present a revised re-tread (in three parts) of the programme, this time called "Clothes Through The Centuries".
Laver followed the theories of Thorstein Veblen and John Flügel, using them to develop his favourite theories. These were:
In the 1980s and 1990s, feminist fashion historians such as Elizabeth Wilson and Amanda Vickery found these problematic, arguing that Laver and C. Willett Cunnington's views trivialised women's behaviour, role within the family, and their contributions to society and culture.
Laver's Law.
Laver's Law was an attempt to compress the complex cycle of fashion change and the general attitude towards any certain style or period into a simple timeline. It first appeared in "Taste and Fashion" (1937):
Non-curatorial career.
To supplement his pay whilst at the Victoria & Albert Museum, Laver dedicated his free time to writing magazine articles, book reviews, play translations, dramatic criticism and light verse. One of the plays he translated was Klabund's "The Circle of Chalk" from the original German. 
His 1927 poem, "A Stitch In Time", a pastiche of Alexander Pope's The Rape of the Lock set in modern times, successfully captured public attention, and led to Laver's popularity as a fashionable party guest. A sequel in 1929 followed, "Love's Progress", the two poems being published together as "Ladies' Mistakes" in 1933.
In 1932 he published a novel, "Nymph Errant", about a girl returning to her finishing school, who went astray along the way and ended up in a Turkish harem. It was an instant bestseller and in 1933, Charles B. Cochran turned it into a musical featuring songs by Cole Porter and Gertrude Lawrence as the leading lady. Laver felt as if he was leading a double life. He once stated:"To my colleagues at South Kensington I had become a cigar-smoking, Savoy-supping, enviable but slightly disreputable character, hobnobbing with chorus girls and hanging round stage doors. To Gertrude Lawrence and her friends I was something 'in a museum', engaged in mysterious and apparently useless activities quite outside their comprehension; a character out of "The Old Curiosity Shop", hardly fit to be let out alone."
Laver continued to write fiction and work for the theatre and film on a less ambitious scale, but did not attempt becoming a full-time writer. His work on films included acting as historical advisor for "The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders" (1965) and "The Amateur Gentleman" (1936), and he co-wrote the screenplay for "Warning To Wantons" (1948). During the Second World War, he determined to read all the books on occultism in the London Library. As a result, he became an expert in the field, writing a book on the prophet Nostradamus.
Between 1926 and 1938, James Laver was the Director of Art Classes at the Working Men's College, Camden Town. He ran a course on English literature and also re-organised the art class, introducing living models.
Marriage and family.
Laver married the Irish actress Veronica Turleigh (1903–1971), a Roman Catholic in 1928. The couple had two children, a son and a daughter. They first lived in a flat in Piccadilly, London, which proved convenient for their theatrical friends, and later moved to Chelsea. Turleigh predeceased her husband by four years.
Death.
Laver died on 3 June 1975 following a fire at his home in Blackheath, London.

</doc>
<doc id="21501323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501323" title="William Modibo">
William Modibo

William Paul Modibo (born 18 May 1979) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Osotspa Saraburi F.C. in the Thai Premier League, as a central defender.
Club career.
Born in Ngaoundéré, Modibo played the vast majority of his professional career in Portugal, his first stop being with C.D. Trofense in the third and fourth divisions. In 2006 he helped C.D. Aves promote to the top flight, only to be immediately relegated back.
After one season in Kuwait, Modibo returned to Portugal with Gil Vicente FC. However, in the following transfer window, he moved teams and countries again, signing with Beijing Guoan FC. He started in most games during the campaign, helping the Chinese capital side win the national championship.
For 2010–11, aged 31, Modibo moved once again to Portugal, signing with modest F.C. Arouca in the second level.

</doc>
<doc id="21501328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501328" title="Frank Carswell">
Frank Carswell

Frank Willis Carswell (November 6, 1919 – October 16, 1998) was an American third baseman, first baseman, outfielder, manager and scout in professional baseball. Although he played only 16 Major League games in his career, for the 1953 Detroit Tigers, Carswell was one of the top minor league hitters of the post-World War II era.
Carswell was born in Palestine, Texas, and attended Rice University. He threw and batted right-handed, and stood tall and weighed . He signed with the Tigers in , and batted .338 in 275 at bats for the Jamestown Falcons of the Class D PONY League. But the U.S. entered World War II after that season, and Carswell lost four years while serving in the United States Marine Corps. By the time he returned to pick up his baseball career, he was 26 years old and his prospects for MLB stardom had been dimmed. After spending the season with the Dallas Rebels of the Class AA Texas League, Carswell was demoted to lower minor leagues for much of 1947–50, where he put up prodigious batting numbers. With the 1947 Paris Red Peppers of the Class B Big State League, Carswell earned All-Star third baseman honors, batting .364 with 36 home runs and 145 runs batted in. Two years later, with the Texarkana Bears of the same circuit, Carswell led the league in RBIs (145) and batting average (.386).
But Carswell's slugging was not confined to the mid-minor leagues. The parent Tigers promoted him, at age 31, to the Buffalo Bisons of the Triple-A International League in , and Carswell batted .302. In , he led the International League in homers (30) and batting average (.344), and in 1953 he once again batted over .300 for Buffalo and, at 33, had his "cup of coffee" in the American League for the Tigers. In six weeks, Carswell appeared in 16 games and batted 15 times with four hits, all singles, and two RBIs for a .267 batting mark. He then returned to Buffalo to hit over .300 for the remainder of 1953 and all of . All told, Carswell played 13 minor league seasons, compiled a lifetime batting average of .337 and slugged 209 home runs.
His managing career began in early when, still an active player, he was interim manager of the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League after the sudden death from a heart attack of skipper Bill Sweeney on April 18. The following season, he rejoined the Detroit farm system as a full-time manager, working his way up from Class D to Class AAA (including assignments with the Syracuse Chiefs and the Toledo Mud Hens) over the next 13 years (1958–70).
Carswell died at age 78 in Houston, Texas. He was named to the International League Hall of Fame in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21501344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501344" title="Alexander Humphreys">
Alexander Humphreys

Alexander Humphreys was a pioneer physician in Staunton, Virginia.
He was born in County Armagh, Ireland, in 1757, the son of John Humphreys and Margaret Carlisle. He initially studied medicine under his uncle, Carlisle. After that, he attended the University of Edinburgh where he received his M.D. degree in 1782. At the time, the University of Edinburgh had the most famous medical school in the world.
In 1783 he emigrated to Augusta County, Virginia, and settled at Greenville near his brother, David Carlisle Humphreys. In 1787 he moved to Staunton and established a practice there. He became a Justice of Augusta County and a Trustee of the newly created Staunton Academy in 1792. In 1793 he became the President of the Board of Trustees of Staunton Academy. Humphreys had a large and busy medical practice and attracted many medical students who studied under him as a preceptor. His known students include William Wardlaw, James McPheeters, Andrew Kean, William Henry Harrison, Samuel Brown, and Ephraim McDowell. William Henry Harrison later became President of the United States. Ephraim McDowell was the most famous student of Humphreys who became a practicing physician. On April 8, 1788, Humphreys married Mary Brown, a daughter of Rev. John Brown of New Providence Church. They had seven children including Elizabeth L. Humphreys (1800–1874) who married Robert Smith Todd and became the stepmother of Mary Todd Lincoln.
Humphreys died May 23, 1802, at Staunton, Virginia, and was buried in the churchyard of Trinity Episcopal Church at Staunton. His widow, Mary, then moved to Frankfort, Kentucky, to be near her brother John Brown. She died January 28, 1836, at Frankfort, Kentucky, and is buried at Frankfort Cemetery.
References.
The Prestons of Smithfield and Greenfield in Virginia by John Frederick Dorman, Louisville, KY, 1982.
Address delivered before the Augusta County Medical Association on the occasion of the dedication of a bronze tablet at the grave of Humphreys in Trinity Churchyard, Staunton, Virginia, April 15, 1951, by Richard P. Bell, "Virginia Medical Monthly", Vol. 81, pages 13–16, January 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21501388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501388" title="Hustler's Anthem '09">
Hustler's Anthem '09

"Hustler's Anthem '09" is a song written by Busta Rhymes. Produced by Ty Fyffe, it is the second single from Busta Rhymes' album, "Back on My B.S.". It features T-Pain. The song was released in digital format on February 10, 2009 by Universal Motown.
Background.
"Hustler's Anthem '09" was leaked early January 2009. It officially became the second single of "Back on My B.S." on February 10, 2009.
Remixes.
The official remix was released featuring T-Pain, Ryan Leslie, OJ Da Juiceman, and Gucci Mane.
Music video.
The music video was released April 6, 2009 on 106 & Park when Busta Rhymes himself came and introduced it. It's shot through fishlens with cameos of Spliff Star. A trailer for the music video was released on March 24, 2009. It was directed by famous music video director Hype Williams who has directed most of Busta Rhymes' music videos such as "Woo Hah!! Got You All in Check", "Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See", "Dangerous", "Gimme Some More" and "What's It Gonna Be?!".
Formats and track listings.
Explicit
Clean

</doc>
<doc id="21501394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501394" title="Las Casas Occupational High School">
Las Casas Occupational High School

Las Casas Occupational High School was an alternative high school located at 8401 South Saginaw Avenue in the South Chicago area of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The school, a part of Chicago Public Schools (CPS), intended to educate autistic, cognitively delayed, and behavior disordered students so they could take jobs.
By February 2009 CPS announced that the school would close because of building deficiencies and layout problems.

</doc>
<doc id="21501422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501422" title="Helgafell (volcano)">
Helgafell (volcano)

Helgafell is an inactive 227-metre-high volcanic cone located on the island of Heimaey in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago in Iceland. 
The Stórhöfði peninsula immediately to the south of Helgafell in what is now southern Heimaey formed about 6000 years ago, with Helgafell forming from a secondary eruption a thousand years later. Immediately north of Helgafell is the active volcano Eldfell, which last erupted January 23, 1973.
Helgafell is a dormant cone volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="21501423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501423" title="Carleton W. Washburne Middle School">
Carleton W. Washburne Middle School

Carleton W. Washburne Middle School is a public 7th and 8th grade junior high school located on Chicago's North Shore in Winnetka, Illinois in the United States. It was opened in 1969 and named for Carleton W. Washburne., an internationally-recognized progressive educator who served as Superintendent of the Winnetka Public Schools from 1919-1943.
This school offers a variety of exploratory classes that range from woodshop to intro to GarageBand. Students use mac computers made by Apple, to get work completed for class.

</doc>
<doc id="21501449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501449" title="Full Force (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)">
Full Force (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)

Full Force is a 1980 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago, their second to appear on the ECM label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos states "Their music in this era continued in a developmental phase, stripping away nuance and shadings in lieu of pure expressionism, even more experimental while utilizing thematic ideas that alternately suggest world music fusions and tune structures. This may be the most accessible Art Ensemble of Chicago album, perhaps disappointing for some hardcore fans, but certainly illuminating to many others unexposed to their unmitigated brilliance".

</doc>
<doc id="21501472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501472" title="Erica White">
Erica White

Erica White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21501479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501479" title="Miyako Maki">
Miyako Maki


</doc>
<doc id="21501497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501497" title="Matt Giraud">
Matt Giraud

Matthew Scott "Matt" Giraud (born May 11, 1985) is a singer-songwriter and musician from Kalamazoo, Michigan and the fifth place finalist of the eighth season of the reality television series "American Idol". He is the first recipient of the Judges' Save.
Early life.
Giraud was born in Dearborn, Michigan, but was raised in Ypsilanti and graduated from Lincoln High School in 2003. He is the son of Daniel Giraud and Kami Zoltanski and has a sister, April. He started as a drummer, playing and singing in church in Ypsilanti. 
Giraud plays at clubs in Kalamazoo, where he also graduated from Western Michigan University. While attending Western Michigan University, he was a part of the vocal jazz program, Gold Company.
"American Idol".
Overview.
Giraud auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Louisville, Kentucky. He was considered a judges' favorite in Hollywood, with Randy Jackson naming him among his "top 5" early favorites. During Hollywood week, he performed "I Want You Back" by The Jackson 5 as part of a group called "White Chocolate", along with fellow finalist, and future season 8 winner, Kris Allen. He did not make the finals initially, but was brought back for the Wild Card show. The judges unanimously lauded his performance of "Who's Lovin' You" by The Miracles (also made famous by The Jackson 5) and he became a part of the Top 13 (along with Anoop Desai, Megan Joy, and Jasmine Murray). Giraud was also the first and only recipient of the new judges' save for his season on April 15, 2009.
After his Top 13 performance of "Human Nature", Kara DioGuardi remarked "I hope we see you for many more weeks." On Top 11 night, he performed "So Small", provoking Simon Cowell to state "I don't think you've had enough credit in this competition", and compare him to Michael Bublé. On the night of the Top 8, Giraud sang "Part-Time Lover". Paula Abdul kept her compliments short (due to time constraints), simply saying "Two words: Standing O". The next week, however, Giraud received poor reviews from Jackson and DioGuardi. The following night, the results revealed that he received the lowest amount of votes. However, for the first time in American Idol history, the judges' save was invoked and Giraud was spared elimination when the judges utilized Season 8's new twist. The consequence of this, for all of the contestants, was a double elimination after the second Top 7 night. On that night, Giraud performed "Stayin' Alive" and received mixed reviews. Nevertheless, he survived the vote that week and even avoided placing in the Bottom 3. He was eliminated on April 29, 2009 and finished in 5th place. In interviews after his elimination, Giraud says that he believed the "'Idol' judges' save wasn't a waste".
Giraud was a favorite of Joel Madden. It was also mentioned that Lady Gaga had told Matt she was sad to see him leave the show after being eliminated.
Post–"Idol".
Giraud appeared on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" and "Today" show on April 30, on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and "Access Hollywood" on May 4, and on "Live with Regis and Kelly" on May 6. Also, on May 25, 2009 during a "Larry King Live" special featuring the "Idol" contestants who finished in the top 10 that season, Matt was named the "class clown" and the biggest flirt in the group. Matt performed with the rest of the Season Eight American Idols in the American Idol Live Tour, running from July until September. On March, 11, 2010, on the American Idol "Results Show", Matt performed "Tell Her About It" by Billy Joel with Scott MacIntyre.
Career.
Giraud released an album called "Perspective" in 2003 and another in 2006 called "Mind, Body and Soul".
Giraud's first solo tour started at January 29, 2010 at the Forest Hills Fine Arts Center in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
On March, 11, 2010, on the American Idol "Results Show", Giraud performed "Tell Her About It" by Billy Joel with Scott MacIntyre.
Giraud recorded a cover of the song "You Don't Know Me" with Anna Wilson.
On August 9, 2010 he was featured as vocal on "Thank You" released by Jim Brickman.
Giraud performed at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville for the release of Anna Wilson's "Countrypolitan Duets."
Personal life.
Giraud is a Christian, and attends Gracespring Bible Church (formerly Richland Bible Church).

</doc>
<doc id="21501499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501499" title="Shelter Island Town Police Department">
Shelter Island Town Police Department

The Shelter Island Town Police Department, commonly referred to as SIPD, is a professional police organization responsible for primary jurisdictional law enforcement for the town of Shelter Island, New York. Shelter Island is located in Suffolk County. The Shelter Island Town Police Headquarters are located in Shelter Island, with an address of 44 North Ferry Road - P.O. Box 1056, Shelter Island, NY 11964-1056 (631) 749-0600.
The Shelter Island Town Police Department is headed by Chief James J. Read.

</doc>
<doc id="21501500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501500" title="Danny Gokey">
Danny Gokey

Daniel Jay "Danny" Gokey (born April 24, 1980) is an American singer and former church music director from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was the third place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol". After his placing on the show, Gokey signed to 19 Recordings and RCA Nashville at the beginning of a career in country music, releasing the single "My Best Days Are Ahead of Me". His debut album, "My Best Days", was released in March 2010.
After leaving RCA Nashville in November 2011, he moved his musical direction toward adult pop/contemporary Christian genre and made a record/publishing deal with BMG in May 2013. His second full-length album, "Hope in Front of Me", was released in June 2014.
Early life.
Gokey started singing with his family in church, but stated he would rather record mainstream music than perform solely Christian/gospel music. He was the worship director at his church in Milwaukee, Faith Builders International Ministries, for several years.
He is the fifth of six children. He has a brother, Charles, and four sisters, Angela, Janel, Gina, and Traci .
He has acknowledged the influence of Jeffrey and Robin Pruitt the pastors of the church he worked at and also Matthew Barnett the founder of the LA Dream Center. He has stated that his faith is the "key to who I am". Gokey was a church music director while also driving a semi truck (18 wheeler) for a local logistics company for two years.
"American Idol".
Overview.
Gokey rose to national fame with his participation in the eighth season of "American Idol". On August 8, 2008, he auditioned in Kansas City, Missouri, along with his friend Jamar Rogers, who he met in Milwaukee. Both made it through to Hollywood, but Rogers was eliminated from the competition prior to the semifinals. (Rogers later appeared on the second season of NBC's "The Voice".) Gokey's "American Idol" audition occurred only four weeks after his wife's death in July 2008.
During Rock Week (Top 4 week), Gokey's take on Aerosmith's "Dream On" was panned for the extended scream with which he finished the song. Gokey was the contestant that season who was never in the bottom two or three, but he was eliminated in third place on May 13, 2009, after his performance of Joe Cocker's "You Are So Beautiful."
During the season 8 finale on May 20, 2009, Gokey performed a duet with R&B superstar Lionel Richie. The performance opened with Gokey singing a true-to-the-original soulful ballad solo of Richie's "Hello," and then Richie joined Gokey for a duet of his hits "Just Go" and "All Night Long".
Post-"Idol" career.
Gokey was nominated in his state of Wisconsin for a WAMI (Wisconsin Area Music Industry) Award for Best Christian/Gospel Artist of the Year.
As of September 2009, Gokey finished his tour with the other idols on the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009, and he worked on his foundation, Sophia's Heart, which was set up to help disadvantaged children.
Gokey, known for his many pairs of eyeglasses that he often wore on the show, had stated he might start an eyewear line to help raise funds for his foundation and Match Eyewear teamed with him for the Danny Gokey Eyewear collection. Launched in March 2012, the collection has exceeded sales projections with over 1.7 million in net retail sales.
2009–2010 : "My Best Days".
On September 1, 2009, Gokey signed with 19 Recordings/RCA Nashville, becoming the first third place finisher to record with 19 and the first male "Idol" to be signed to a major country label. On November 19, 2009, 19 Recordings and RCA Records announced the release of the debut single "My Best Days Are Ahead of Me". Gokey's debut album, "My Best Days", was released on March 2, 2010. It debuted on the Billboard charts at number four, and it netted Gokey the best opening-week sales by a debut country male in 18 years and the highest debut of digital downloads sold by any new country artist ever. In support of the album, Gokey was the opening act on Sugarland's "Incredible Machine" tour which began in April. Gokey also performed at country singer Darryl Worley's ninth annual Tennessee River Run festival in Savannah, Tennessee along with other artists such as Joe Diffie and Lee Brice. The event helped raise $200,000 for the Darryl Worley Foundation.
On October 18, 2010, Gokey earned a nomination for Best New/Breakthrough Artist at the first annual American Country Awards. He revealed in an interview released on October 26, 2010, that he had recently recorded his own version of the Amy Grant song, "Tennessee Christmas," to be released to country radio as a holiday single..
On November 21, 2010, Gokey was a part of ABC's pre-show event at the American Music Awards.
2011–2013.
Gokey released the single "Second Hand Heart" penned by Cary Barlowe, Shane Stevens and Josh Kear on July 4, 2011.
He was one of opening acts on Taylor Swift's Speak Now World Tour. He also made an appearance in a TV movie with Candace Cameron Bure called "Truth Be Told".
Gokey left RCA Nashville in November 2011.
Gokey released his EP "Love Again" in May 2012. It was self-released limitedly via his official website only as physical CD format.
Gokey released his memoir "Hope in Front of Me: Find Purpose in Your Darkest Moments" on October 1, 2013.
2014– : "Hope in Front of Me".
Gokey kicked off 2014 with the release of his new single "Hope in Front of Me" under BMG.
Gokey's second album, "Hope in Front of Me", was released on June 23.
Personal life.
Gokey married his high school sweetheart, Sophia Martinez, on May 15, 2004. The two had been together since 1997.
On July 9, 2008, four weeks before he auditioned for "American Idol", Gokey's wife died from complications of a routine surgery for congenital heart disease. It was her third surgery, but she died from complications. The couple had been together for 12 years, and Gokey credited her for his success. Sophia was a fan of "American Idol" and encouraged Gokey to be a contestant, and Danny started a foundation in her name Sophia's Heart Foundation with some of her family members who are also musicians. With branches in Milwaukee, Nashville and Sacramento, the organization's goals are to provide hope and help to homeless families, provide scholarships to deserving students and operate a thriving inner-city music and arts program. The facility in Nashville, opened in late 2011, has helped rescue over 60 families from life on the street.
In 2011, Gokey began dating Leyicet Peralta. The two announced their engagement on December 25, 2011 on the Sophia's Heart website. They were married on January 29, 2012. Their son Daniel Emanuel was born on January 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21501511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501511" title="Adam Lambert">
Adam Lambert

Adam Mitchel Lambert (born January 29, 1982) is an American singer, songwriter, and stage actor. Born in Indianapolis, Indiana and raised in San Diego, California, he performed in amateur theatrical productions as a child, a path he pursued into adulthood, appearing in professional productions in the U.S. and abroad. In 2009, Lambert came to prominence after becoming the runner-up on the eighth season of "American Idol". After signing with 19 Entertainment in a joint venture with RCA Records, he released his debut studio album "For Your Entertainment" in 2009; it debuted at number three on the US "Billboard" 200 with 198,000 copies in first-week sales, and reached the top 10 in several countries. Its singles "For Your Entertainment", "Whataya Want from Me" and "If I Had You" also became international successes. Soon after the album release, he headlined a worldwide concert tour, Glam Nation, the first American Idol contestant to do so in the year following his Idol season. The tour was followed by two live releases: an extended play entitled "Acoustic Live!" (2010), and a live CD/DVD "Glam Nation Live" (2011), which debuted at number one on the SoundScan Music Video chart. Lambert took executive producer credit and was a principal writer on his second studio album, "Trespassing", released in May 2012, to critical acclaim. "Trespassing" made its debut in the number one spot on the Billboard 200 album chart, also topping the Billboard Digital Albums Chart and Canada's Digital Albums Chart. Lambert made music history as the first openly gay artist to achieve this top charting position.
Citing influence from various artists and genres, Lambert has a flamboyant, theatrical and androgynous performance style, and a powerful, technically skilled tenor voice with multi-octave range. His showmanship and commanding presence in live shows have also become part of his signature. He has received numerous awards and nominations, including a Grammy Award nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance in 2011 and an Honorary GLAAD Media Award in 2013. By April 2012 his first album had sold nearly two million copies worldwide and 4.2 million singles worldwide as of January 2011. "The Times" identified Lambert as the first openly gay mainstream pop artist to launch a career on a major label in the U.S.
Biography.
Early life.
Lambert was born in Indianapolis on January 29, 1982, to mother Leila, an interior designer; and father Eber Lambert, a program manager for Novatel Wireless. He has a younger brother, Neil. His father is of mostly Norwegian descent and his mother is Jewish. Lambert was raised in his mother's religion and has performed songs in Hebrew, such as "Shir LaShalom" and "The Prayer" at a 2005 tribute concert to assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, as well as at the San Diego Temple of the Arts. Shortly after his birth, his family moved to San Diego, California, settling in Rancho Peñasquitos. Lambert began performing with Metropolitan Educational Theatre network (now MET2) from the age of nine, and appeared in local productions of "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" and "Fiddler on the Roof", among others. A few years later, he began more intense acting and vocal coaching, continuing to perform with both MET2 and what was to become the Broadway Bound Youth Theatre Foundation, as he moved through Mesa Verde Middle School and then Mount Carmel High School. There, he became heavily involved with theater and choir, performed vocals with the school's jazz band, and competed in the local Air Bands competitions. He also appeared in local professional productions such as "Hello, Dolly!", "Camelot", "The Music Man", "Grease", "Chess" and "Peter Pan", at venues such as The Starlight, The Lyceum and others. After graduating in 2000, he attended California State University, Fullerton, but left after five weeks to move to Los Angeles: "I just decided that what I really wanted to do was try to work in the real entertainment world. Life is all about taking risks to get what you want."
2001–08: Career beginnings.
At 19, Lambert landed his first professional job, performing on a cruise ship for ten months with Anita Mann Productions. Afterwards, he performed in light opera in Orange County, California. By 21, he was signed with a manager and cast in a European tour of "Hair": "That was a huge turning point for me personally, because I finally got comfortable in my own skin. I was discovering a lot about myself. Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, a lot of it". In 2004, he appeared in the Theatre Under the Stars (TUTS) production of "Brigadoon" and a Pasadena Playhouse production of "110 in the Shade", before being cast in the role of Joshua in "" at the Kodak Theatre alongside Val Kilmer. Lambert, still unknown, was one of the few facets of the production to garner a positive review. He came to the attention of the casting director for "Wicked", and was hired as the understudy for the role of Fiyero and an ensemble member in the first national touring production of the musical from 2005; and the Los Angeles production from 2007. He finished performances with the musical in 2008. Beginning in 2004, he regularly performed at the Upright Cabaret and the Zodiac Show, which was co-created by Carmit Bachar of the Pussycat Dolls.
During this same period, Lambert briefly fronted underground rock band The Citizen Vein with Steve Sidelnyk, Tommy Victor and Monte Pittman. He recalled, "We did three gigs and that was it and we recorded a couple things, like rough recordings, and I don't know, it didn't quite click". He also worked as a demo singer and a session musician; a compilation of his 2005 recordings were later released on the album "Take One" (2009) by Hi Fi Recordings and Wilshire Records. Upon its release, Lambert issued a statement: "Back in 2005 when I was a struggling artist, I was hired as a studio singer to lend my vocals to tracks written by someone else. I was broke at the time and this was my chance to make a few bucks, so I jumped at the opportunity to record for my first time in a professional studio. The work I did back then in no way reflects the music I am currently in the studio working on."
2009: "American Idol".
Lambert auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in San Francisco, California. His decision came after a week at Burning Man: "I had a psychedelic experience where I looked up at the clouds and went, 'Oh!' I realized that we all have our own power, and that whatever I wanted to do, I had to make happen". Lambert sang "Rock With You" and "Bohemian Rhapsody" for his initial audition. Advancing to Hollywood week, he performed "What's Up" and "Believe" solo, and "Some Kind of Wonderful" in the group effort. Lambert was a hit with judges. Simon Cowell voiced some concern about his theatricality, but Randy Jackson found it "current". He advanced easily to the top 36 performing "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction", after which he was voted into the top 13.
In the first week of live shows, his rendition of Michael Jackson's "Black or White" was praised by all four judges. For Country week, he sang a sitar-infused version of "Ring of Fire". While Randy Jackson, DioGuardi, and Paula Abdul all liked the performance, Cowell called it "indulgent rubbish". His Motown night acoustic version of The Miracles' "The Tracks of My Tears" drew praise from judges and a standing ovation from
Smokey Robinson, the week's mentor and the original singer-songwriter. Advancing to the top 8, he sang the 2001 Michael Andrews and Gary Jules arrangement of "Mad World". Because the show had exceeded its time slot, only Cowell gave a critique, which he did by giving Lambert a standing ovation, the only one he bestowed during his decade-long run as an "American Idol" judge. After Lambert sang "If I Can't Have You", delivering what DioGuardi called his "most memorable performance", Cowell described his vocals as "immaculate" and Abdul was reduced to tears. Cowell named his rendition of Led Zeppelin’s "Whole Lotta Love" “one of my favorite performances", admitting that "nobody can top that now". He followed it by "nailing" his duet of "Slow Ride" with Allison Iraheta. For the top 3 show, he performed "One" before Cowell declared, "If you are not in the final next week, it will be one of the biggest upsets"; and continued with "Cryin' before Abdul affirmed, "we'll be seeing you next week and many years after that". He also visited his hometown and reprised his earlier successes of "Black or White" and "Mad World" at his alma mater, Mount Carmel High School. Afterwards, San Diego mayor Jerry Sanders declared May 8, 2009, "Adam Lambert Day".
Lambert performed three solos in the finale, a reprise of "Mad World", followed by the 1960s civil rights anthem "A Change Is Gonna Come", to tremendously positive judge reaction. Abdul predicted, "Whatever happens with this Idol journey, I know you're going to be iconic". After his performance of the mandatory winner's single, "No Boundaries" Cowell summed up Lambert's journey: "Over the entire season, you've been one of the best, most original contestants we've ever had on the show. The hope and whole idea of a show like this is to find a worldwide star, and I truly believe we've found that in you". Alongside the solo performances, Lambert also sang a medley of "Beth", "Detroit Rock City", and "Rock and Roll All Nite" with rock band Kiss; and joined with Kris Allen, Brian May and Roger Taylor (of Queen) to perform the anthem "We Are the Champions" during the finale. Lambert was announced as the runner-up for the eighth season of "American Idol". Upon winning, Allen stated: "Adam deserved this", later explaining he thought Lambert deserved to win as much as he did, and that Lambert "was the most consistent person all year. He was seriously one of the most gifted performers that I've ever met". Lambert's version of the winner's single was released alongside Allen's. "The LA Times" later ranked Lambert 5th in its list of the top 120 American Idol contestants, selected from seasons 1 to 9 of the show, above Allen.
Photos of Lambert kissing another man surfaced during the "American Idol" competition. Highlighted as controversial, they were displayed by conservative commentators on "The O'Reilly Factor", who called them "embarrassing", but did not agree that the images would impact the competition. Lambert confirmed that the photos were of him, stating he had nothing to hide and had always been open about his life. Mainstream media speculated on his sexuality and the readiness of "American Idol" voters for an openly gay winner. Asked by "Rolling Stone" whether the buzz surrounding his sexual orientation impacted the final vote, Lambert laughed and said "probably". He confirmed that he was gay in a "Rolling Stone" cover interview shortly after he was named runner-up.
In that same interview, two days after the finale, "Idol franchise" creator Simon Fuller, stated: "He's like Marc Bolan meets Bowie, with a touch of Freddie Mercury and the sexiness of Prince".
Performances and results
Fresh from the competition, Lambert performed "Mad World" on CBS' "The Early Show", and the next morning on "Live with Regis and Kelly". He was featured on "ABC News"' "20/20" in June,
and began the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009 in July. He performed Muse's "Starlight" on "Good Morning America"'s televised concert series in Central Park in August,
and that summer was also the recipient of two 2009 awards: the Young Hollywood Award for Artist of the Year and the Teen Choice Award for Male Reality/Variety Star. Lambert appeared on "Larry King Live" and stated that he planned to create a pop rock, multi-genre album fused with electronic production and stuck to those intentions in his debut.
2009–11: "For Your Entertainment" and touring.
"For Your Entertainment", Lambert's first studio album, was released on November 23, 2009. Debuting at number three on the "Billboard" 200 and selling 198,000 copies in the US its first week, the album saw Lambert in collaboration with producers such as Rob Cavallo, Dr. Luke and Max Martin; and writers who included Matthew Bellamy, Ryan Tedder, Rivers Cuomo, Justin Hawkins, P!nk, Linda Perry and Lady Gaga. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received a score of 71, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". "Spin" said the album is "perhaps the strongest, most flavorful batch of tunes to reach an "AI" vet, and Lambert's polymorphous vocal skills unite dancefloor strut and hard-rock pomp in a convincing glam package". "Rolling Stone", however, gave it a more mixed review: "The songs sound great but feel strangely stuffy -- seems like a disc that was overthought. Next time, the hugely talented Lambert should make sure he's going straight for the gut." Its Claude Kelly and Dr. Luke-produced lead single "For Your Entertainment" preceded the album's release but was not as successful as its second single "Whataya Want from Me" which impacted on charts worldwide, became his highest-peaking single (at number 10) on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 53rd awards ceremony. Another notable single was "Time for Miracles", the ending theme for the disaster movie "2012". Queen guitarist Brian May lauded the "truly sensational" song, stating that he was "completely blown away" upon hearing it. As of April 2012, "For Your Entertainment" had sold nearly 2 million copies worldwide and was certified gold in the US in June 2010.
On November 22, Lambert performed "For Your Entertainment" at the
"American Music Awards of 2009". The controversial performance, which was the
night's finale, showed Lambert kissing a male bassist and grabbing the crotch of
another. In response, the Parents Television Council, a
conservative decency group, urged viewers to complain
to the FCC, though the performance aired "outside
the FCC's usual 6am-10pm time frame prohibiting the broadcast of
indecent material". ABC received about 1,500 telephoned complaints
and cancelled Lambert's November 25 performance on "Good Morning America". Instead, CBS invited him to perform
on "The Early Show", on the same date.
Discussing the incident in a "Rolling Stone" interview, Lambert stated: "Female performers have been doing
this for years—pushing the envelope about sexuality—and the minute a
man does it, everybody freaks out. We're in 2009—it's time to take
risks, be a little more brave, time to open people's eyes and if it
offends them, then maybe I'm not for them. My goal was not to piss
people off, it was to promote freedom of expression and artistic
freedom." Lambert returned to the AMAs two years later as a
presenter, and was warmly received. Rejecting claims that the singer was banned from the show in 2009, Executive Producer Larry Klein said that he's anticipating future Lambert performances: “Adam Lambert is a friend of ours, he's talented and I like everything about him." Lambert's performance was included in Billboard's list of "Top Ten American Music Awards Moments" on the eve of its 40th anniversary, in November 2012.
In the months leading to his album release, Lambert appeared on the cover of magazines such as "Entertainment Weekly" in May 2009, "Rolling Stone" in June 2009 and "Details" in November 2009. In his "Details" shoot he was photographed with a nude woman, sparking controversy. His "Rolling Stone" cover story became the magazine's best selling issue of the year. He appeared on the cover of "Out" magazine in their 2009 "Out 100" issue, sparking controversy as "Out"'s publisher issued him an open letter questioning the "gayness" of his image. In April, he became one of People Magazine's Most Beautiful People 2010. He appeared on the cover of Japan's May 2010 "Rolling Stone", after his single "For Your Entertainment" reached its fifth consecutive number-one spot on their radio airplay charts. He was chosen for "Barbara Walters' 10 Most Fascinating People of 2009", and interviewed on the December 10 show.
In support of the album, Lambert appeared on programs and at events, in the US and abroad. In late 2009, he performed on the "Late Show with David Letterman", "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien", the season finale of "So You Think You Can Dance", and "The Jay Leno Show". Other appearances included "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "The View", and "The Oprah Winfrey Show". In December, he hosted and performed at radio-sponsored Jingle Balls in New York, Miami and Tampa; and headlined the Gridlock New Year's Eve 2010 festival at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles, benefitting the American Red Cross. In February, AOL Music showcased Lambert in a five-song mini-concert on "AOL Sessions". He did another intimate acoustic set for IHeartRadio, and performed his first official solo concert, which sold-out, at Fantasy Springs Resort Casino in Indio, California. In March, he was chosen to inaugurate the resurrected award-winning VH1 Unplugged concert series.
In April 2010, Lambert returned to "American Idol" as the first former contestant to mentor during an Elvis Presley themed week, where his contributions were praised and he also performed. In June, he appeared on Canada's MuchMusic Video Awards to receive the UR Fav International Video award for "Whataya Want from Me".
In early June 2010, Lambert embarked on his debut headlining concert tour Glam Nation, playing throughout the United States before continuing on through Europe and Asia. His October concert in Malaysia proceeded as planned, despite protests from an Islamist political party. In total, he performed 113 shows, nearly all of them sold out. The Indianapolis show was filmed for Lambert's first video release "Glam Nation Live", a 13-track CD with DVD. The concert, which MTV called "out of this world", and his subsequent video release, were well-received, with Entertainment Weekly saying it "sizzles" with the energy that Lambert's vocals bring in a live concert setting. "Glam Nation Live" debuted at number one on the SoundScan Music Video chart and landed at number-12 on Billboard's 2011 year-end music video sales chart. This followed the release of his first extended play (EP), "Acoustic Live!", consisting of acoustic versions of songs recorded live in various countries. The EP garnered excellent reviews and was called "electrifying" by the New York Daily News.
In January 2011, Lambert signed a worldwide music administration deal with Kobalt Music Group, a global independent music publishing company.
Lambert was profiled in an hour-long documentary for VH1's "Behind the Music" series, premiering August 2011. More interviews followed that fall, on "E! True Hollywood Story" and "CNN Talk Asia". He mentored for a second time on The Hub TV Network's "Majors & Minors", coaching singing contestants who were children.
In November 2011, Lambert joined Queen as lead singer at the MTV Europe Music Awards held in Belfast, where the band was honored with the Global Icon Award. In a "spectacular" performance that closed the show, they performed a medley of the classic hits “The Show Must Go On”, "We Will Rock You", and "We Are the Champions". In December, Roger Taylor stated they were in talks with Lambert about fronting more live shows, calling the artist "a really great performer with an astonishing voice".
2012–13: "Trespassing".
After changing management from 19 Entertainment to Direct Management Group in August 2011, Lambert announced that his highly anticipated second studio album, "Trespassing", would be released on March 20, 2012; and that he would serve as executive producer. Delaying the release for additional material, Lambert announced in late March that it would drop on May 15, 2012. The title track was co-written with Pharrell Williams, while the album's lead single, "Better Than I Know Myself", a collaboration with Dr. Luke and Claude Kelly, was released digitally on December 20, 2011. Its debut live performance on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" received strong positive reviews, focusing on Lambert's vocals and more stripped down, sophisticated look. Its reprise on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" brought equally favorable reviews. The album cover art by Lee Cherry is a dramatic departure from his depiction on 2009's "For Your Entertainment", signaling a new direction.
It was announced in February that Lambert would join Queen to headline the UK's Sonisphere Festival in July. Discussing the collaboration, Brian May remarked that he expected Lambert to be a "great interpreter" of Mercury's songs. Subsequently, the Sonisphere Knebworth festival was cancelled due to logistics and "circumstances". Days later, Roger Taylor revealed that Queen and Lambert would perform in Moscow; later announcing the addition of two shows in London, and one in Kiev that would also feature Elton John as a headliner. In late April, a fifth concert was added in Wrocław, headlining a new rock festival. Queen announced the addition of a third London show, as a result of the instantaneous sell-out of the first two London dates.
The final version of the Queen + Adam Lambert collaboration began with a two-hour extravaganza under the auspices of the UEFA in Kiev on June 30, the eve of the Euro 2012 Football Championship. Viewed live by hundreds of thousands of fans in Ukraine's main square, the performance was touted for the strength of Lambert's showmanship, vocal excellence and interpretative skill, which confidently balanced old and new. The Olympic Stadium concert in Moscow took place on July 3, while the Poland event in Municipal Stadium proceeded on schedule on July 7. Because of Queen's status in the UK and pairing with the newcomer, London's three dates (July 11,12,14) at the HMV Hammersmith Apollo were heavily reviewed. Almost uniformly, the concerts noted Lambert's vocal command, his "sizzle" and "electrifying" presence; along with the synergy of the collaboration, which Brian May called "organic."
"Trespassing" was released on May 15, 2012, following more than a week of news stories and positive reviews. Lambert tweeted at finding that the album had spent its first day at the top of the U.S. iTunes album chart. On May 23, the album debuted in the number one position on the Billboard 200 chart, selling close to 78,000 copies. Lambert again took to Twitter, citing the historic significance of being the first openly gay artist to reach this pinnacle, and acknowledging the help of fans. In the UK the album debuted at number three in the midweek chart.
His second single "Never Close Our Eyes", written by Bruno Mars and produced by Dr. Luke, was released digitally on April 17, to positive reviews. It debuted on national television on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on April 27, again with good reviews. He appeared on "Good Morning America" on May 14, performed the new single and co-hosted the Pop News.
Lambert returned to "American Idol" for his third consecutive year on the results show that preceded Idol's final week. The May 17 performance of "Never Close Our Eyes" was touted for its vibrant energy and dazzle, as well as for the powerhouse vocals that had become his signature.
Throughout the spring and summer of 2012, Lambert performed across Europe, North America, Japan and Australia, appearing in festivals, on radio and television, and in concert. Highlights of the promotional tour included an appearance on the UK's "The Graham Norton Show", one of several headlining spots at Summer Sonic Festival 2012 in Tokyo and Osaka; and an acoustic performance at Sydney's Top 40 Lounge, where his cover of Bob Marley's "Is This Love" was described as "stunning" and "incredible". In September, he appeared on the finale of "The Voice of China", the country's most popular program, viewed by 520 million people. The only Westerner invited to perform, he sang a duet of "Whataya Want from Me" with a contestant, and also performed the song "Trespassing". Lambert was the first Western artist to appear on the show and became the first American Idol to stage a solo concert in Mainland China when he returned in March 2013.
Lambert's third single, "Trespassing", was released as part of an eight track EP of remixes that included a radio edit of the original song. Entitled "Trespassing Remixes", it became available to radio and digital outlets in October, with hard copies sold from his official website only. "Trespassing" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Singles Sales chart, giving Lambert his tenth number one Billboard entry.
On October 23, Lambert acted and performed two songs from "Trespassing" in the Halloween special of the television series "Pretty Little Liars", which aired on ABC Family. The episode was the number one "most social" program of the day, and the highest rated episode in the fourteen-year run of Halloween themed telecasts by ABC Family, giving the cable network a big ratings success for the night.
In November, "Trespassing" was named on iTunes's list of the "Best Pop Albums of 2012," coming in at number nine.
Lambert appeared for the first time in South Africa in November, headlining arena concerts in Cape Town and Johannesburg. The shows drew media attention, anchored by his cover of "Are You Gonna Go My Way". South Africa's "The Sunday Times" called Lambert's Johannesburg performance "epic" and "electrifying," stating: "His voice is stunning and his entertainment factor is through the roof." Later that month he was in Hong Kong to perform at the 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards (2012 MAMA), which aired in 85 countries, targeting an audience of more than 2.3 billion. He was lauded for his powerful vocals, and command of both stage and fashion. Lambert had earlier appeared in Guangzhou, performing for a private Mercedes-Benz event; and then returned to Shanghai for the "Hennessy Artistry" concert series, and a televised interview with CCTV, China's predominant state broadcasting system.
In December, he hosted and performed at the 2012 "VH1 Divas" concert, a live broadcast featuring a dance music theme, with special tributes to Donna Summer and Whitney Houston. He sang with Keri Hilson and Kelly Rowland, opened the show with David Bowie's Let's Dance, and performed Madonna's hit Ray of Light, drawing praise for his sketches, fashion and performances. The concert benefited VH1's Save The Music Foundation, a non-profit that supports music education in public schools.
The album "Trespassing" was rewarded in year end lists and polls, among them best album of the year at "Rolling Stone" and Ryan Seacrest.com, where Lambert was also voted "Male Artist of the Year"; number three at Billboard for "Favorite 200 No.1" albums, and number eight on "People" magazine's list of "Top Ten Music" in its year end issue. At VH1, two of the album's singles appeared on its list of 40 most watched videos, at numbers 4 and 36; and Queen + Adam Lambert was named best live act of 2012 at Gigwise, and one of "Classic Rock" magazine's top events of the year.
In January 2013, it was reported that Lambert would be leaving 19 Recordings, where his contract had expired, but remain with RCA Records. It was also announced that work would begin on the direction of a third studio album.
On January 31, Lambert performed a "smash set" at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City as part of the We Are Family Foundation charity gala, at which he was also honored with the Unity Award. It was the first time the song "Shady" was performed with Sam Sparro and Nile Rodgers, with whom Lambert had co-written and recorded the "Trespassing" track.
Lambert kicked off the newly dubbed "We Are Glamily Tour", with seventeen stops throughout Asia and Europe, on February 17 in Seoul. The sold-out show was heavily reviewed, with a focus on his cover of Rihanna's song "Stay", which was called "flawless", "incredible" and better than the original. About the same time, he was named an official spokesperson for the Chinese release of the Trion video game "Rift" published by Shanda.
His first solo concert in Hong Kong on March 5 was noted for the live debut of two songs, "Time for Miracles" and a cover of "Shout", called "stunning" and vocally impressive. His arrival in Singapore for a March 8 show was preceded by a week of controversy surrounding complaints that it promoted the "gay lifestyle", and was given an "Advisory of 16 and above" by the Media Development Authority. Lambert addressed the issue in his concert, stating: "The only lifestyle I am promoting is one of love and friendship, music, joy and fashion. So whoever wants to be part of that lifestyle, yeah, we accept anybody". The concert was well reviewed, with the vocals called "breathtaking", and the show "a magical performance of lights sound and colour".
While still in Belarus for a March 15 debut, Lambert again became the subject of controversy in advance of his Russian concerts. Anti-homosexual laws and rhetoric challenged courts to raise the legal age to 18 for entry to his St. Petersburg show. An official security alert was issued to US citizens planning to attend, due to "information regarding a threat of physical violence against spectators and performers", but the concert proceeded on schedule. The tour wrapped on March 22 with a sold out arena show in Helsinki.
Lambert won the "Favorite International Artist" category at the STAR TV 17th Chinese Music Awards held in Macau in April, also performing two songs from "Trespassing". Organized by CCTV, the 2013 event marked an expansion of its previous format in order to become more international and influential in the global music community. It was estimated that the broadcast and webcast reached a worldwide audience of 2 billion. Lambert returned to Shanghai a few days later, recording a segment for Dragon TV's the "80's TalkShow" that included a performance of "Pop That Lock" from "Trespassing"; as well as recording "Mad World" and other footage for the opening ceremony of "Chinese Idol", which debuted on Dragon TV in prime time on May 19. Lambert also appeared as a guest judge during auditions.
On May 11, Lambert for his album "Trespassing" along with Frank Ocean for Channel Orange were co-recipients of the award for Outstanding Music Artist at the 24th GLAAD Media Awards.
He returned to "American Idol" on May 16 for the fourth consecutive year, performing a duet with Angie Miller on the twelfth season finale of "American Idol," where Miller was a finalist in the top three. The pair tackled the song "Titanium" in a rendition named the show's "top moment" by "The Hollywood Reporter".
In a letter sent to "The Hollywood Reporter" on July 12, Lambert revealed that he would be leaving RCA due to "creative differences" centering most directly on his next release. With RCA "pushing" for a covers album, Lambert stated: "my heart is simply not in doing a covers album . . . I am already deep into writing new material with some very talented colleagues for a brand new album, and I can't tell you how excited I am to share this new sound and direction. This music is where my heart is".
Lambert unveiled a collaboration with Nile Rodgers and DJ-producer Avicii when the three appeared onstage together for the track's US debut at an August benefit concert on Long Island. The song, entitled "Lay Me Down", released on Avicii's debut album "TRUE" on September 17 in the US, though it had already begun climbing charts worldwide. It received wide acclaim in previews, and landed at number one on a compilation of "Rolling Stone"'s favorite songs, albums and videos. Post release, it was an early favorite among critics. Hinting at further collaborations, Avicii called Lambert a "great writer" with a voice that's "just insane!".
Lambert and Queen made their first live concert appearance in the US, closing the night on September 20, at the 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival at the MGM Grand Arena, located on the Las Vegas Strip. The festival was a two-day event that featured a roster of superstar artists, representing diverse musical genres. Reviews for the performance were stellar, with "Rolling Stone" stating that they dominated night one, also calling them most anticipated act of the evening, with Lambert "astound the audience". "Billboard" was equally laudatory, remarking on the "magnetic power" of the vocals, adding that Lambert "oozed charisma". The festival was broadcast live on Clear Channel radio stations in 150 US markets; and later aired, excerpted, as a two-night, primetime television special.
Following the July announcement by "Glee" co-creator Ryan Murphy, Lambert made his debut on the fifth season of the Fox TV series on November 7, playing the role of Elliot "Starchild" Gilbert in what will be a multi-episode arc centered in the show's NYC storyline. His rendition of Lady Gaga's "Marry the Night" was released prior to air date, garnering publicity and positive reviews. The episode, "A Katy or a Gaga", arrived after a brief hiatus and a tribute to the death of actor Cory Monteith. Accolades for Lambert's debut spotlighted his powerful vocals and dynamic presence. His remake of "Marry the Night" impacted "Billboard" the following week, debuting at number 39 on the Pop Digital Songs chart.
Lambert was in attendance to receive two awards at China's Huading Music Awards, Best International Male Vocalist and the Fan Choice Award, on December 18 in Shanghai. The Huading Awards are part of China's expansion into the live entertainment space, with a focus on film, television, music and sports. 2013 came to a close with a series of concerts, most notable for Lambert's debut live performance of "Lay Me Down" at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino (Biloxi); and his attention-grabbing debut cover of the Jimi Hendrix blues classic "Red House" on New Year's Eve at Oklahoma's WinStar World Casino. Though the year did not see a new album release, Lambert nevertheless tied at number three on "Forbes" annual list of top earning American Idols, due to his live performances and other endeavors.
2014: Third album and Queen + Adam Lambert tour.
Lambert made three television appearances in February 2014 beginning with his fifth consecutive return to "American Idol", where he was a guest mentor during Randy Jackson's two-night "Boot Camp" workshop. The following week, he was a guest judge on the season 6 premiere of "RuPaul's Drag Race", a reality show on Logo TV. "Glee" returned for its Spring Premiere on February 25 with the episode "Frenemies", featuring Lambert in a much anticipated, "epic" performance of The Darkness's "I Believe in a Thing Called Love". In the following week's Trio, he featured in four songs, earning top honors for his cover of Heart's classic "Barracuda". On April 1, he made his final appearance of season 5 in New New York, with strong reviews for his performance of A Great Big World's "Rockstar" - and his return to the series left unresolved. 
Lambert along with Roger Taylor and Brian May of Queen announced on March 6 that they would be staging their first official tour throughout North America, with 19 initial dates, kicking off on June 19 in Chicago. Their announcement, via "Good Morning America" followed by a press conference at Madison Square Garden, elaborated on the natural fit of Queen's music with Lambert's vocal style and expertise - as well as their mutual respect for live, in the moment performances that are "a little dangerous", with the capacity to create something new. On March 15, Lambert announced that the Madison Square Garden show had sold out a day after tickets went on sale; and on the 24th, that five shows had been added due to "overwhelming demand". The tour went international when headlining spots were announced at Korea's Super Sonic 2014 festival, held August 14 and 15 in Seoul; and Japan's Summer Sonic Festival in Tokyo and Osaka, August 16 and 17. In May, Queen announced that after a thirty years absence, they would return to Australia with Lambert for four shows (which then became six), kicking off in Perth on August 22, followed by Sydney, Melbourne and concluding in Brisbane on September 1. Lambert continues to work on new music, having collaborated with Max Martin and a collection of writers and producers in Sweden, with a third studio album expected by year's end.
On May 27 a compilation album, "The Very Best of Adam Lambert", was released by Sony Legacy's "Playlist" series, featuring hits and other recordings from Lambert's two studio albums along with studio recordings from "American Idol" and "Glee". It debuted on the "Billboard" Top Internet Albums chart at number 14.
Artistry.
Voice.
Critics, celebrities and colleagues have been outspoken in their praise for Lambert’s vocal command. Kathie Bretches-Urban, co-founder of Metropolitan Educational Theatre Network (now MET2) where Lambert performed as a youth, said “He has invested his entire life in music and performing . . . He'd just come out onstage, and it popped". In a 2009 Associated Press interview, "Wicked" casting director Bernard Telsey, recalled Lambert's audition and his "amazing" voice: "I literally remember saying, 'Oh my God, this guy has the highest range’.” Record producer Rob Cavallo once described Lambert as having an unlimited range, and able to sing every note on a guitar from the lowest to the highest. David Stroud, a Los Angeles based vocal teacher, coached Lambert for his 2010 international Glam Nation Tour, in which he performed 113 shows without vocal rest. Stroud described Lambert as being able to "do extreme things with his voice that most singers will probably never be able to do . . . I will vocalize him to G above high C. He has climax notes at E's above high C, so I need to give him that extra range.” In a March 2012 interview, rock artist Meat Loaf rated Lambert's voice in the company of only two others, Whitney Houston and Aretha Franklin, based on "that jet pack quality to their voice that just lets it take off."
In 2011, when he took the stage at the MTV Europe Music Awards alongside honoree Queen, it was a fitting match for Lambert, whose style and vocals have often been compared with Freddie Mercury's. Brian May, guitarist for Queen, noted that Lambert’s voice has “sensitivity, depth, maturity, and awesome range and power which will make jaws drop”; while Roger Taylor added that Lambert had "the best range I've ever heard" in a BBC interview in 2012. Pharrell Williams, after collaborating with Lambert on his "Trespassing" album, commented, “This kid has a voice like a siren – there’s no guys singing in that Steve Winwood-Peter Cetera range.”
Lambert is considered an effortlessly agile singer, and his expert technique allows his voice to sound limitless. His upper ranges are particularly strong and brilliant, but he displays excellent control, dynamics and support throughout his entire vocal range. Head and chest registers are sufficiently well integrated so that there are no audible breaks in the passaggio; and breath control allows him to sustain notes and phrases without wavering. Lambert's vocal skill has been discussed, dissected and also used for instructional purposes.
In October 2012, British tabloid the Sunday Mirror reported that Lambert had insured his voice for $48 million. A source told the newspaper: "Insurance for stars is a big deal in the US and Adam's voice is his bacon." In September 2013, Lambert topped Yahoo! Voices's list of top ten pop singers, stating: "Lambert's vocal ability has no limits and when he takes off, it's as if a rocket has been launched. Lambert is clearly the best popular music singer the world has ever heard since Freddie Mercury".
Style and image.
Lambert is best known for his theatrical performance style and meticulous attention to detail in all aspects of his personal presentation. He draws upon extensive stage experience in the ease with which he can refine and define his image through fashion and other imagery, which are essential to how he chooses to inhabit his songs, rivet his audiences and showcase his individuality.
While a contestant on "Idol", Lambert's precise yet varied stagings of himself kept audiences and judges glued as much to his presentation as to his vocal talent. His signature flamboyance and glam rock styling was a break-out moment in men's fashion, duly noted by fashion publications and taste-makers, who compared him to Lady Gaga in terms of crossing style boundaries and being unabashedly individual.
Lambert made three fashion related TV appearances at the close of 2010, reflecting his growing visibility and association with fashion as a means of creative expression. He fused his passion for music and fashion on MTV's "Talk@Playground", appearing in discussion with Skingraft designer Jonny Cota. He was a guest judge on "Project Runway", in an episode that styled a rock band for their upcoming Rolling Stone cover. Fast becoming a fashion icon himself, he was the subject for whom the young designers of "All on the Line with Joe Zee" created a modern look, which he then critiqued along with the show's hosts.
In 2012, Idol added an image advisor, Tommy Hilfiger, to its roster of mentors, underscoring the importance of developing a unique vision and performance identity for contestants. Hilfiger suggested it was image makers with talent that would ultimately succeed in the entertainment world and specifically mentioned Lambert, stating: "I think Adam Lambert has incredible imagery. And I think he got it." 
Lambert continued to grace the covers of magazines, moving more specifically into the fashion and culture space. In the cover story for his highly stylized 2012 "Fault" Magazine shoot, he stated, "Now I feel like embracing contemporary menswear. I take note of collections and editorials and try and incorporate them into my wardrobe whenever possible". Reflecting the mood and concept behind his album "Trespassing", the "Fault" fashion shoot exemplified Lambert's commitment to aligning the elements of his artistic vision so that a cohesive narrative emerges. His versatility and fierce stylistic choices are regularly the focus of commentary, as he continues to break new ground in the use of imagery and style to extend his performances, celebrity and influence. That effect was on display in the heavy media coverage he received during New York Fashion Week 2012, which he concluded with a guest appearance on E!'s Fashion Police.
When Lambert appeared on the December 2012 cover of London-based high style magazine "Fiasco"'s "Obsession" issue, he again took the opportunity to manipulate and provoke with his image and style. Sporting a sophisticated, minimalist look that recalled old Hollywood, Lambert presented with no make-up and silver-grey hair sleekly parted on the side. With this pared down departure from his signature glam aesthetic, Lambert played with male stereotypes and representations; and in the interview, emphasized that his fashion and presentation are often disparate from gay as well as straight regimes: "For the general audience, they look at the way I style myself and they go, 'Errrr, that's gay,' but you ask a handful of gay guys and they're like, 'I would never wear that!'".
Lambert was chosen along with a group of other celebrities to be photographed for the book "Shades of Elvis", by photographer Christopher Ameruoso and Priscilla Presley. Released March 2014, the tribute book used a themed shoot to capture images that might represent and honor Elvis Presley.
Influences.
Lambert was inspired when his father gave him access to his large record collection of 1970s music. He was attracted to theatrical rock from artists like Madonna, David Bowie, Michael Jackson, Queen, Aerosmith, and Led Zeppelin. Lambert referred to Michael Jackson and Madonna as “King and Queen” because they creatively merged music with makeup, fashion and cinematic video. Among his strongest influences are British singers such as Freddie Mercury, David Bowie and Robert Plant: “Those are the people I really gravitate towards". When asked his favorite performer of the glam rock era, Lambert stated David Bowie: “he took costumes and story concepts for his Ziggy Stardust character to the next level. His music is amazing, and his lyrics are really intelligent". In an NPR interview, Lambert revealed spending hours listening to Queen, trying to decipher Freddie Mercury's vocals: “His voice has so much texture to it, he kind of grabs at everything and squeezes it". Stating Mercury was “completely over the top in the best possible way,” he acknowledged, as an openly gay artist, "a debt to Mercury's flamboyance decades ago".
In March 2013, Lambert wrote an article for "Out" magazine's tribute to David Bowie, who was about to release a new album. In it, he explained how Bowie helped inform the expression of his own sexuality and gender in his work: "A light bulb went off—I wasn’t into drag, I didn’t want to dress like a woman, but I wanted to express my gender and artistic identity differently than the mainstream. Bowie was a key inspiration. It was about the androgyny of mixing it up, and that was what was so incredible about his concepts -- he was one of the first rock stars to really push the idea that sexuality was not black and white but an exploration".
Lambert’s own music has been influenced by numerous genres including classic rock, pop, and electronic music; and his performance style draws heavily from his stage experience. Lambert envisions himself as the type of artist “that creates from the ground up, not only an amazing song, but one with a beat, and a story, and a look, and a theme". For his second album, he used inspiration from classic disco, 1990s electronica, funk and dubstep music.
Philanthropy.
Since his appearance on "American Idol", Lambert has lent considerable support and time to charitable causes. As of October 2011, financial donations had reached the $1,000,000 mark.
In January 2009, in lieu of gifts for his 28th birthday, Lambert asked fans to donate to DonorsChoose.org, an online charity in which individuals contribute directly to public school projects. Support was focused on music and arts programs, as 2,435 fans donated $322,700. In June 2010, Lambert teamed with the charity again for his "Glam A Classroom" campaign, raising another $208,590, supported by 3,020 fans. In October 2010, he collaborated on a second Signature Collection design with The Pennyroyal Studio, which sold out after raising an additional $43,092 for DonorsChoose.
Lambert contributed to the MusiCares charity when he and The Pennyroyal Studio collaborated on the design of an Eye of Horus pendant, whose sale raised $32,000 in 7 days.
In January 2011, he began a campaign to raise $29,000 for to commemorate his 29th birthday. Funds raised by the charity go towards bringing clean drinking water to people in developing nations. Fans surpassed the goal in less than five hours; and on Lambert's birthday, more than $115,000 was pledged, breaking the record for dollars raised in a single day. In total, the campaign raised $323,803, which helped 16,190 people receive clean water. He continued his efforts for his 30th birthday, in January 2012, this time asking fans to "give up" their birthdays in an ongoing drive that had raised $82,000 by May 2012. In June 2013, an accounting by charity:water listed 55 projects thus far completed with funds raised by Lambert.
Lambert returned to the "American Idol" stage for the March 10, 2011, results show, singing an acoustic version of his "For Your Entertainment" track "Aftermath". After the performance, a dance remix version was made available for purchase, with proceeds benefiting The Trevor Project.
Lambert was one of several artists who performed at a Royal Albert Hall concert on June 7, 2012 benefiting the Rays Of Sunshine Children's Charity, which grants wishes to seriously ill children.
On June 30, Elton John and Queen + Adam Lambert coordinated with the Olena Pinchuk ANTIAIDS Foundation for a concert to benefit the fight against HIV/AIDS. The event, which was UEFA supported and took place in Kiev on the eve of the Euro 2012 football final, was televised live from a packed Independence Square.
On September 25, 2012, Lambert headlined a fundraising benefit in Washington, D.C. on behalf of Marylanders for Marriage Equality, the group leading the campaign for a November 2012 ballot measure to uphold gay marriage, which Lambert views as a non-partisan, human rights issue.
On January 31, 2013 he received the Unity Award, which honors artists whose music spreads "peaceful messages," from the We Are Family Foundation at their 2012 Celebration Gala 2.0. Founded by Nile Rodgers, the organization is a non-profit which seeks to promote global initiatives and cultural diversity through its outreach programs, many of which are aimed at facilitating youth leaders from around the world. Lambert's announcement that he would "donate" his 31st birthday to the charity raised more than $82,000 in just over a week. For his 32nd birthday, he chose the charity again, coordinating with artist Chris Saunders on the creation of limited and open edition prints and posters whose sales, as well as contributions to a birthday yearbook, will benefit the foundation.
On May 25, Lambert was a participant in the opening ceremony of 2013 Life Ball in Vienna, an elaborate event that is one of the largest HIV/AIDS fundraisers in the world. Appearing as Ali Baba, he performed the gala's official song, "Love Wins Over Glamour", which he co-wrote with the Vienna based production team Beat4Feet.
On June 23, he sang "The Star-Spangled Banner" to open Broadway Bares, an annual performance presented by the theater community to benefit Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS. The latter is one of the leading industry based organizations in the US fighting HIV/AIDS. Held at Manhattan's Roseland Ballroom, Broadway Bares 23 raised a record breaking $1.43 million.
Lambert was a featured performer at the August 19th Dance Party event in Riverhead, Long Island, produced by Nile Rodgers, benefiting All For The East End (AFTEE), a non-profit which seeks to raise awareness and funds for not-for profit organizations that support the East End.
On November 2, he was the musical entertainer for South Florida's Make-A-Wish Foundation Ball, held at the InterContinental Miami. The annual event had raised more than 12 million dollars and granted the wishes of thousands of children with life-threatening illnesses. Lambert had granted wishes as a supporter of the organization previously. The sold-out 2013 Ball raised a record breaking 2 million dollars.
LGBT advocacy and social activism.
Lambert, one of the first artists to bring an uncensored gay perspective to American mainstream pop, has contributed to the advancement of equality and social acceptance in the LGBT community. He should also be seen as a contributor to social justice, a concept based upon egalitarian social principles and the propagation of equality via social activism. Lambert stated, "I feel like with celebrity and visibility and fame, there's a responsibility to try to give back and try to use the visibility for the greater good. It's not all about me. It's about trying to raise awareness and getting people to take action." His heavily provocative AMA performance, featuring a gay kiss on live television, served to push societal boundaries by highlighting a double standard of ethics in media regulation as well.
Lambert was presented the "Equality Idol Award" by Sam Sparro at the Equality California Los Angeles Equality Awards in August 2011 for being an exemplary role model for the LGBT community. He was honored with his mother the following month at the PFLAG National Los Angeles event for his "authentic" voice. They were presented awards which together interlocked to compose the PFLAG logo, symbolizing support by and for families and friends of LGBT individuals.
Lambert received a GLAAD Media Award nomination for Outstanding Music Artist in 2010. The same year, he lent his voice to a one-and-a-half minute video message on YouTube for the It Gets Better campaign – a project created by columnist Dan Savage in response to school bullying and a rash of suicides among LGBT youth.
The following March, he released a Billboard remix version of his For Your Entertainment song "Aftermath" with a portion of the proceeds going to support The Trevor Project, the leading national organization providing crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to LGBT youth. He raised an additional $43,500 for The Trevor Project after collaborating with The Pennyroyal Studio to make his own Peace pendant. In October 2011, donations on behalf of the Adam Lambert Glambert Fan Army for the MTV Dance Party Marathon raised funds to combat bullying in honor of National Bullying Prevention Month. Lambert was a participant in Spirit Day, a movement begun in 2010 to honor LGBT lives lost to suicide, "going purple" in the push to support LGBT youth in the fight against bullying.
In December, he performed at the "Cyndi Lauper & Friends: Home for the Holidays" benefit concert, which raised funds in support of the "True Colors Fund" and the organization's "Forty to None Project", targeting the epidemic of homelessness among LGBT youth.
In January 2012, in an exclusive interview with UK music news magazine "Pressparty", Lambert noted that despite social progress in the US, there was still a long way to go, particularly in the music industry: “I still long for the LGBT community's diversity to be more broadly represented in the entertainment industry. I think larger strides have been made in film and TV but we still are just at the beginning with mainstream music. I consider myself a post-gay man working in a pre-gay industry."
In interviews surrounding his September 2012 benefit performance in support of Maryland's same-sex marriage referendum, he moved closer to accepting a more proactive role in the LGBT community, where previously he had expressed reluctance to be cast as a role model, political or otherwise. Stating that marriage equality was a cause he would work towards, Lambert spoke on a range of topics, including his belief that fear motivates much of the opposition to same-sex marriage; and that unequal treatment under the law is complicit in the burden of "shame and guilt and secrecy" that attaches to the community, particularly its youth.
Lambert was the headline performer at the Miami Beach Gay Pride Parade and Festival on April 14, 2013, and was also given the key to the city. A round of interviews focused on his becoming more activist regarding LGBT issues and, despite earlier reluctance, accepting the mantle of gay role model.
Lambert was presented with the prestigious GLAAD Davidson/Valentini Award on May 11 in San Francisco. The honorary award is bestowed yearly to out media professionals who have made a significant difference in promoting equal rights in the LGBT community. His acceptance speech referenced the generational shift within a community that retains a diversity of perspectives, but emphasized commonality in its striving for acceptance.
On May 30, he was honored with the "Hope of Los Angeles Award" as part of the city's 3rd Annual LGBT Heritage Month. The latter celebrates the contribution of diversity to culture and music, and highlights outstanding individuals who have helped advance their communities in the US and worldwide. He received the award at City Hall from Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, who called him a "beacon of hope". His acceptance speech returned to the theme of celebrating diversity within the LGBT community.
Lambert is featured in "The New F Word" campaign sponsored by the grassroots Friend Movement organization, which has launched a global effort aimed at self-empowerment and raising anti-bullying awareness through positive images in media and the arts.
On June 15, declared "Adam Lambert Day" by the City Council, he headlined Pittsburgh's "Pride in the Street" concert, featuring a roster of performers, sponsored by The Delta Foundation of Pittsburgh.
In honor of Pride season, Lambert partnered with AT&T and The Trevor Project for the "Live Proud Campaign", which crossed the nation summer 2013, aiming to empower and raise awareness in the LGBTQ community. AT&T committed to contribute up to $50,000, depending on the degree of participation in the Lambert sponsored campaign piece, with submissions for a VIP experience with him at the helm. The $50,000 goal was met and on July 3 a check presentation was made to The Trevor Project during the private finale show given by Lambert.
At the October 15 Los Angeles premiere of the movie "Bridegroom", Lambert revealed that he had donated a song to the score, and felt "humbled" to be connected to the project. The powerful documentary about the intersection of love and the politics of marriage equality, won the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival's Audience Award for Best Documentary. On October 27 it debuted on OWN and began streaming on Netflix.
Lambert was one of the featured performers at the TrevorLIVE gala, the signature fundraiser of The Trevor Project, on December 8, at the Hollywood Palladium. The event included a roster of celebrities and a live stream pre-show, with an interactive component that reached a worldwide audience of LGBTQ youth. In February, 2014 he performed for the Family Equality Council's 10th Annual Los Angeles Award's dinner, which raised a record setting $571,000. The national organization advocates for LGBTQ parents, guardians and allies, in its effort to secure, support and promote family equality. In June 2014, he teamed up with AT&T for its second annual "Live Proud" campaign, again in support of LGBT Pride Month and Pride season, with a focus on empowerment, awareness and pride. Participants are invited to submit unique memes shared via social media that represent how they live proud. Winners chosen at random will be invited to a private event with Lambert, the grand prize winner also given private time with the singer.
Personal life.
Lambert was in a relationship with Finnish entertainment reporter and reality TV personality Sauli Koskinen since November 2010, but announced in April 2013 that they had split up amicably and expected to remain friends.

</doc>
<doc id="21501514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501514" title="Scott MacIntyre">
Scott MacIntyre

Scott Douglas MacIntyre (born June 22, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, and pianist, and the eighth place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol". MacIntyre is visually impaired, and has only a two-percent field of vision.
Early life.
MacIntyre was born in Torrance, California to Douglas R. and Carole C. (Williams) MacIntyre and has a younger brother, Todd (born 1988) and a younger sister, Katelyn (born 1991). MacIntyre started playing the piano by ear when he was three years old. He was taught by a neighborhood piano teacher near their home in Redondo Beach, California. At six years of age, he began training in classical music. When Scott turned 10, the family moved to Toronto, Canada. They lived there for four years, and in that time Scott studied at the Royal Conservatory of Music. The MacIntyre family then relocated to Arizona and Scott studied under Walter Cosand, a university professor of Arizona State University. He was home-schooled until the age of 14, when he was admitted into Arizona State University's Barrett Honors College and Herberger College of the Arts. Scott won the 2004 Arizona Young Artists Competition at Herberger Theater in the vocal division. In 2005, "USA Today" named him one of its twenty College Academic All-Stars. In 2005, MacIntyre performed as a guest soloist with the Phoenix Symphony. The same year, MacIntyre was diagnosed with kidney disease and in November 2006, he had to spend ten months undergoing dialysis, severely hampering his capacity to perform and travel. In 2007 on August 22, Walter Cosand's wife Patricia donated her kidney to MacIntyre, which saved his life. He graduated from ASU in 2005, and he was received in the White House by Laura Bush as one of the RFB&D (Recording for the Blind and Dyslexic) scholarship winners in 2006. He obtained his masters degree at Royal Holloway, University of London and the Royal College of Music, where he studied on a Marshall Scholarship, one of the most competitive scholarships in the United States, awarded to only 40 American students each year.
After his successful run on American Idol, he began dating childhood friend Christina Teich at the end of 2009. The two publicly announced their engagement in People magazine in February 2011. Their wedding on August 18, 2011 in Scottsdale, AZ was also announced in People Magazine.
"American Idol".
Overview.
MacIntyre auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Phoenix, Arizona. He is the first visually impaired finalist on the show. MacIntyre was eliminated on April 8, 2009 and came in eighth place. MacIntyre was scheduled to perform during the Season 8 Finale with special guest Billy Joel, but the performance was scrapped after Joel unexpectedly cancelled. He performed on the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009 featuring the Top 10 finalists.
Career.
MacIntyre released many albums before becoming a finalist of American Idol. He produced his first CD when he was eleven, and he has recorded five more CDs since then. The first three CDs were classical. The fourth was a Christian pop-rock CD titled "My Guarantee". The fifth CD was recorded with his family. In 2000, at the age of 15, he made his orchestral debut as he performed with the Phoenix Symphony as a guest piano soloist. In 2002 he competed in, and won, the Butterfield Young Artist Competition at ASU. He won the VSA Arts 2008 Young Soloists Award. Scott MacIntyre also plays guitar, drums, percussion, and bass on all of his brother Todd's songs. He released a post-Idol Christmas EP "Christmas Angel" to iTunes in 2009.
His first full length post-Idol album, ""Heartstrings"" was released on March 11, 2010 to MacIntyre's web site and to digital retailers. Scott performed on American Idol as well on March 11 to promote his Post-Idol album. The album sold 1,000 copies a week after its release. This album was re-released in 2012 with new original bonus tracks including "I Am Hope" and "Bottom of the Well." This album is available on Amazon, Walmart or through Scott's website.
In April 2012 Scott released his first book, "By Faith, Not By Sight," with Nashville based publisher Thomas Nelson. The memoir chronicles the challenges of growing up blind, learning to play the piano, and dealing with an unexpected illness that almost took his life before he ever competed on the popular reality show. The book is available on Amazon, Walmart, and Barnes and Noble.
In August 2013 Scott launched a Kickstarter campaign that raised almost 40k for a new album that will drop in 2014.
In November 2013 Scott released his first full length Christmas album called "Christmas in Paris." The album features 12 tracks including 10 arrangements of traditional holiday songs and two original songs - "Christmas Angel," written by Scott, and "Christmas in Paris," which he co-wrote with Aaron Steenhoven and Ryan Hydro. This is Scott's first album recorded in Nashville, since he and his wife Christina relocated there at the beginning of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21501518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501518" title="Michael Sarver">
Michael Sarver

Michael Sarver (born March 28, 1981) is an American singer from Jasper, Texas, who was the tenth place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol".
Early life.
Sarver was born in Sulphur, Louisiana, and graduated from Sulphur High School. He is married to Tiffany Sarver, and has two children, McKenna and Grayson. He has written over 890 songs for himself since the age of 14, and has also been singing since he was an adolescent. Prior to "American Idol", Sarver worked as a roughneck on an oil rig.
"American Idol".
Overview.
Sarver auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Phoenix, Arizona. During the first semi-finals week, he was able to garner enough votes to allow him to continue, beating fellow contestant Anoop Desai for the third spot by just over 20,000 votes. He was eliminated on March 26, 2009, after the panel of judges were unable to unanimously agree to save him. As Sarver was in the top 10, he was able to perform on the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009.
Post-"Idol".
Sarver signed with Dream Records/Universal Music Group in December 2009. That same month, he joined "Idol" alums Gina Glocksen, David Hernandez and Alexis Grace on the American Stars In Concert Tour. He released a self-titled debut album in July 2010, and three songs - "You Are", "Cinderella Girl", and "Ferris Wheel" - were released as singles. His Myspace page later revealed he signed to Dream Records/Fontana Distribution. He has also become the official spokesperson for Credit Power Educational Foundation, Inc. In June 2010, Sarver launched his official web site MichaelSarverSite.com. In 2012, Sarver was dropped from Dream Records due to low album sales.

</doc>
<doc id="21501535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501535" title="Shihlin Electric">
Shihlin Electric

Shihlin Electric and Engineering Corporation is a company based in Taipei, Taiwan, and is a manufacturer of electrical and power transformers, switchgear, automation, controls and automotive electrical devices. The technology for the manufacturing originally involved technology transfers from Mitsubishi Electric (Japan) and France Transfo, a Schneider Electric Company (France). These manufactured products are primarily available in Taiwan and Asia, but also more frequently around the world in power distribution applications, automation systems, industrial and infrastructure factories, residential buildings, and automotive/transportation vehicle systems.
Shihlin Electric was founded in 1955. The company is listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TSE 1503), and Mitsubishi Electric (Japan) is a 20% share holder. Shihlin Electric, in Q1 2009, lists 15 sales subsidiaries and over 100 distribution partners worldwide. Additionally, Shihlin Electric operates manufacturing factories in Taiwan (3 in Hsinchu), Mainland China (10 in Xiamen, Suzhou, Wuxi, Changzhou, Fuzhou and Wuhan) and Vietnam (1 in Southern Vietnam).
Main Products and Business Lines.
Power Transformers<br>
Cast-Resin Transformers<br>
Transformers for Electricity Distribution<br>
Molded-Case Circuit Breakers<br>
No-Fuse Circuit Breakers<br>
Miniature Circuit Breakers<br>
Air-Circuit Breakers<br>
Magnetic Switches and Contactors<br>
ATS<br>
Vacuum Circuit Breaker<br>
Time and Power Meters<br>
Inverters<br>
Servomotors<br>
Human-Machine Interface<br>
Motors<br>
Uninterruptible Power Supply<br>
Automotive Electrical Equipment<br>
Car Electronics and DC Motors

</doc>
<doc id="21501539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501539" title="Not Fair">
Not Fair

"Not Fair" is a song by British recording artist Lily Allen from her second studio album, "It's Not Me, It's You". Written by Allen and produced by Greg Kurstin, the song was released as the second single from the album on 19 February 2009 by Regal Recordings. The song incorporates country music as the lyrics depict sexual frustration. Contemporary critics did not positively receive the song and its theme, some calling it a "pseudo country track" and considering it a strange musical composition. The single peaked in the top 20 of the charts of some European countries and Australia, while scoring Allen's second consecutive top-five hit on both the UK Singles Chart and the Dutch Top 40 (since in the latter "Fuck You" was a commercial success before "Not Fair").
The accompanying music video portrayed a western country theme, with Allen dancing next to a microphone, while backing singers are dressed as cowgirls, accompanied by cattle and farm birds. The video was shot the same day of the release of the single. It was performed live on different occasions, including Allen's 2009 concert tour.
It was named at number 8 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2009.
Background.
In the song, Allen describes her relationship with a boyfriend to which she describes him as "the perfect guy" yet is frustrated at his sexual laziness. She furthermore describes the situation as "Not Fair" because while he plays the perfect boyfriend in every other way, he's selfish when it comes to their sex life ("all you do is take") - thus the song gives the impression that all his niceness and concern may have been just a face to get what he wants from his girlfriend without any genuine concern with her satisfaction and happiness.
The single was officially released on January and climbed the charts, still being in the top 10 in June. The single was released as a digital download on 21 March 2009 (iTunes) and on 11 May 2009 as a CD. Allen performed it live for the first time on "Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway" on 21 March 2009.
The censored version of the song, which is often used on the radio, blanks out the words "wet patch" and "I spent ages giving head" on the second verse, replacing them with a burst of the background instruments. An alternative version only removes the word "head", replacing it with a short chord played on a mouth organ. While performing the song on "The Graham Norton Show" on 14 May 2009, she replaced the latter with "I spent ages kneading bread".
Commercial performance.
"Not Fair" charted two months before the release date at number 200 in the UK. By 2 May, "Not Fair" reached the #10 spot on the official chart before reaching a final peak of #5. In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 32 on 18 May 2009, giving Allen her fifth top 40 hit there. It has so far peaked at number 20. The song has also been a big hit in Australia, where it peaked at number three and has so far spent eight consecutive weeks in the top 10, equalling the success of her previous single "The Fear".
Music video.
The music video for "Not Fair" was directed by Melina Matsoukas and filmed in Los Angeles on 19 February 2009. Allen released pictures from the video on her official Twitter account. A 17-second teaser of the video was released on YouTube on 17 March, before T4 premiered the entire video on Saturday, 21 March. As of November 2013, it has garnered over 30 million views on YouTube 
The music video shows Allen performing the song on the Porter Wagoner Show, starting off with a snippet from the Porter Wagoner show from the 1970s to present Lily Allen (dubbed) by saying, "Now it's time for the purty little lady to come forth with a real purty song. And it's called "Not Fair". Let's make her welcome, Miss Lily Allen!"
Allen is revealed to be singing alongside a country and western band, including a bored-looking drummer, mullet-wearing guitarists, and backing singers/dancers. Allen performs the song into a microphone and can be seen dancing around the stage, dressed in a white jumpsuit and sporting a blunt fringe with long hair. The video was recorded on videotape to keep with the theme of the video, as opposed to being filmed like most other music videos made in the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="21501545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501545" title="Arianna Afsar">
Arianna Afsar

Arianna Ayesha Afsar (born October 22, 1991) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from San Diego, California who was a semi-finalist on "American Idol 8" and placed in the Top 10 at the Miss America 2011 pageant.
Afsar is a graduate of Westview High School and a senior at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Pageants.
Afsar won the Miss California's Outstanding Teen title in 2005 and represented California in the inaugural Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant in Orlando, Florida in August 2005. She won a preliminary talent award and placed first runner-up.
She is from California and has German and Bangladeshi roots.
In 2010 Afsar competed in the Miss California pageant for the first time and won the Miss California 2010 title. She competed in the Miss America 2011 pageant in January 2011.
"American Idol".
In 2009 Afsar was a contestant on "American Idol 8". She auditioned in Phoenix and sang "Put Your Records On" by Corinne Bailey Rae. Afsar progressed to the live semifinals but failed to make it through her group and was not selected to compete for a wildcard by the judges.

</doc>
<doc id="21501548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501548" title="Paracelsus Private Medical University of Salzburg">
Paracelsus Private Medical University of Salzburg

The Paracelsus Private Medical University of Salzburg () is a private university in Salzburg, Austria.
Organization and financing.
University management:
Paracelsus Medical University Salzburg - Private Foundation:
Legal entity of the Paracelsus Medical University is the "Paracelsus Medical University Salzburg- Private Foundation." The tripartite committee reports to the Board of Trustees.
Foundation Board:
The financing of the Paracelsus Medical University is carried out for the most part through private funds. 
Public funding provided by local and regional government bodies (province and city of Salzburg, Salzburg Regional Authorities Association) currently make up one third of the annual budget. Furthermore, funding is guaranteed through tuition fees and cross financing from research contracts and through net income (e.g. further education courses, etc.). Being a private university, the Paracelsus Medical University is not entitled to funding from the federal government.
Partnerships.
Constructive and beneficial partnerships in medical and scientific fields have been established with the Mayo Medical School (USA), Charles University in Prague, the universities of Yale University (USA), University of Milan (Italy), Cambridge University (UK), Capital Medical University Peking (China), University of North Florida (USA), Nurse Anesthesia program as well as the national universities.
A further intensive and longstanding partnership connects the Paracelsus Medical University with the Landeskrankenhaus Salzburg (Salzburg General Hospital) and the Christian Doppler Clinic. When the University was established, the individual clinic´s formerly autonomous departments were integrated to become University Clinic departments. The elevation to "University Clinic of the Paracelsus Medical University" followed in 2007.
In addition, the Paracelsus Medical University is able to make use of a broad-based network of academic teaching hospitals and teaching practices, particularly within the regions of Salzburg and Bavaria.
Studies and further education.
Degree Courses:
Core institutes and research institutes.
Core institutes:
Research Institutes:
The main research areas at the Paracelsus Medical University are as follows: 
Research Programs:
Research Initiative:

</doc>
<doc id="21501553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501553" title="Megan Joy">
Megan Joy

Megan Joy (born September 18, 1985 as Megan Joy Knudsen), formerly known as Megan Joy Corkrey, is an American singer-songwriter and actress from Sandy, Utah, who was the ninth place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol". With funding by her fans through Kickstarter, Joy was able to compose her self-titled debut EP. Backers of the project received the EP on April 27, 2012. Joy released her debut album, "Megan Joy", on April 25, 2012.
Early life and education.
Joy used to work as a font designer for a company called SendOutCards. She has a mom, a stepdad, a sister, and a brother named CJ. According to Joy, she began to sing at a very young age. She has stated that she is musically inspired by, among others, Björk after listening to her when she was 16. Joy revealed that she "tried out for everything I could think of during junior high, in high school - didn't make anything," she added that "Even the choir that anyone can be in, I wouldn't even make like a silly little solo." "It was sad," Joy said. "I cried a lot in those years." "I've never tried writing , so I don't know what's inside, but maybe it's something super different and awesome that, you know, is new." Joy originally had no plans to audition for "American Idol" because she thought she would "never in a million years" even make it past round one of auditions. However, her friends and family encouraged her to try out for the show and she did. Joy has said that "for the first time in my life, it was a crossroads where anything can happen, so why not go for what I love to do." Joy revealed that right before "Idol", "I was at my lowest." "I was depressed and miserable. I lost myself. "Idol" gave me myself back. I fell back in love with music and got back my confidence." She has also said that, "My goals at that time was to move out of my mom's, save up enough money to go back to school, and figure out what I was going to do with myself." Joy is a graduate of Taylorsville High School in Taylorsville, Utah.
"American Idol".
Before American Idol, Joy has said that she has never had any formal singing classes.
Joy auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Salt Lake City, Utah, in 2008, coincidentally on her birthday. She sang "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man" by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II. Simon Cowell said she had a seriously good voice and he loved it and Kara DioGuardi said that Joy was an interesting girl and that she had an incredible face. Joy then advanced to the Hollywood audition rounds with all of the judges saying yes. Joy had to have a sing-off with another contestant (later identified as Lacey Brown, who eventually became a Season 9 contestant) who hoped to make the competition's Top 36, with Joy being the one picked by the judges.
Cowell has said during his critique on Joy's "Put Your Records On" performance during the semifinal rounds that she "had a rough middle stage in the competition" referring to the Hollywood audition rounds. Joy was not one of the three finalists chosen out of her semifinal performance group. Joy returned for the "Wild Card" show, sang KT Tunstall's "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" and was selected by the judges to be in the Top 13.
Joy kicked off her run in the finals with mostly negative critiques from the judges on her performance of Michael Jackson's "Rockin' Robin". DioGuardi praised Joy for being able to put her signature on everything she touches and with Randy Jackson in agreement adding "That's so Megan". Randy added that the song choice didn't really allow her to be Megan. Paula said that she felt disconnected from Joy and that "we didn't hear that sound that we loveyou".
During Grand Ole Opry week, Joy had caught the Influenza B virus and was so sick with the flu that she was hooked up to an IV just minutes before taking the stage. Despite being so ill, Joy pulled off a rendition of Patsy Cline's "Walkin' After Midnight." All four judges were extremely impressed with Joy's performance and Simon Cowell even said, "You should have the flu every week!".
On Motown Night, Joy performed a cover of the Stevie Wonder classic "For Once in My Life" and mentor, Smokey Robinson, said that he believed she was one of the most original contestants American Idol has ever had on the show.
On Top Downloads night, Joy performed "Turn Your Lights Down Low" and she thought the judges were going to feel her this time but they didn't. The judges thought her performance was not good. DioGuardi said that it was not the song choice for her and she thought Adele would've been better. She then added that she really liked Joy but thought she was in trouble.
On her elimination night, when Megan Joy was asked by Ryan Seacrest on what she thought about what Simon Cowell said about her performance of "Turn Your Lights Down Low" the previous night on Top Downloads Week, she said "I love you Simon, but I didn't really care", in response to him calling her performance “boring, indulgent, and monotonous". Simon responded, "Megan, with the greatest respect, when you said that you don't care -- nor do we. So I'm not going to pretend that we're even going to contemplate saving you." Joy had never been in the Bottom 3 prior to her elimination.
Despite all the bickering though, Joy says that she and Cowell remain on good terms. After her elimination, she says they both laughed and he told her that he enjoyed watching her.
Joy performed a duet of "Pretty Flowers" with Michael Sarver in the finale.
Cowell said to "Extra" in an interview after Megan Joy's elimination, that he would not have used the judge's save on contestant Anoop Desai because he had a feeling Desai was going to be in the Bottom 3 again next week in the Top 6 and the judge's save was only available until the Top 5, so he instead saved Matt Giraud, but it could have been Megan Joy instead. Joy has revealed during an after-"Idol" interview with "TV Guide" that there is a possibility that she "obviously blew" her chance at being saved from elimination.
While on the show, Megan developed a unique trademark twisty dance that she does while singing. After performing "Rockin' Robin" during Michael Jackson week on American Idol, Megan also shouted "Caw Caw!" at the end of the song which has now become her trademark as well.
DioGuardi mentioned on an appearance on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" that Megan Joy was one of her favorite two singers in the competition with the other one being Adam Lambert, and Cowell has also expressed numerous times that Joy is one of his favorites.
Post-"Idol" career.
Joy appeared on "Live with Regis and Kelly" and the "Today" show on April 6, "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on April 13, and "Larry King Live". She has stated in interviews that if she had stayed on "American Idol" for another week, she would have sung "Separate Lives" by Stephen Bishop and "Sally's Song" for "Songs from the Cinema" week. On April 6, she was on "Access Hollywood" where she sang "Walking After Midnight" by Patsy Cline. On the Grand Finale of American Idol, she performed a duet of "Pretty Flowers" by Steve Martin with Michael Sarver, and with Martin playing the banjo in the back. It was reported that Fleetwood Mac singer Stevie Nicks might possibly be interested in having Megan Joy play her part in an unnamed Fleetwood Mac biopic. In the article, Megan's voice was noted as being similar to Nicks'. It was suggested that Nicks would prefer Megan playing the part over Lindsay Lohan, who had expressed interest in the part. Nicks had previously gone so far as to say "over my dead body," regarding the possibility of casting Lohan. Independent filmmaker Jane Bell has expressed an interest in working with Megan Joy, also, quoted as saying "She simply has too much presence, almost a Grace Kelly kind of thing. You can’t help but gape at her.”
Joy completed the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009, which ran from July 5, 2009, to September 15, 2009. She performed "Put Your Records On" by Corinne Bailey Rae and "Tears Dry on Their Own" by Amy Winehouse. She announced via Twitter on September 24, 2009, that she was in Los Angeles having some meetings and that she has started writing material for her debut album. Joy also appeared in a local commercial in Draper, Utah for a clothing store called Castle Couture. She made an appearance at a SendOutCards Convention in Utah on Saturday, September 26, 2009. As a former employee of the company Megan talked about her Idol experience and sang two songs, "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" by KT Tunstall and "Daydreamer" by Adele. Joy also announced via Twitter on October 1, 2009 that the name of her band that she has started would be called "Joirider".
On October 27, 2009, Joy attended the grand opening of "Pandora" at Vibiana in Los Angeles, California. She also attended Gen Art's 12th Annual 'Fresh Faces In Fashion' at the Petersen Automotive Museum on October 29, 2009, in Los Angeles, California, as well. Joy also walked the runway while modeling a pink dress for the L.A. Fashion Week Fall 2009 Pink Dress Collection.
Joy announced via Twitter on November 2, 2009, that she had recorded three songs so far and that her album was in the works. On Sunday, November 29, 2009, Joy uploaded two of her songs called "Feel Love" and "Incomplete" on her MySpace. On December 14, 2009, Joy performed a duet of "Silent Night" with Kevin Griffin from Better Than Ezra at a Barenaked Ladies concert. On January 6, 2010, Megan stated in an online chat interview with ainow.org that she has worked with, among others, Benji Madden of Good Charlotte on some songs. She also stated that her album was due for a mid-2010 release, and that labels are interested in signing her. Joy had worked on 14 songs at that point, and she also debuted one of her new songs called "Sweet Love". On February 2, 2010, Joy revealed via Twitter that new songs would be coming very soon. On Saturday, February 13, 2010, Joy released a new song called "Ryder On The Storm" on her Facebook. On Monday, February 22, 2010, Joy revealed another new song called "Boy Next Door" which was uploaded to her MySpace and was also featured on one of the episodes of the ABC show "The Deep End".
On February 27, 2010, Joy uploaded a new song called "I'm Not Tryin' To Hear That" on her Facebook. In March 2010, Megan uploaded a new song titled "Trouble Me" to her Myspace Page.
Joy tried acting with a small role in the film "Hall Pass", but her role was cut in the released film. On February 24, 2011, Joy released a music video for "Two Rivers", one of her songs that was included on her debut album. Joy originally planned to release her debut EP in the Summer or Fall of 2011. However, due to circumstances, the goal was moved to an early January 2012 release. Joy's first EP was supported by funds from her friends, backers, and fans through Kickstarter, an online threshold pledge system for funding creative projects. On August 29, 2011, Joy released her own rendition of "Never Never" by Little Dragon on YouTube, as well as a tribute music video to go along with the song. On October 4, 2011, the song "Twice", yet another Little Dragon tribute cover, was released on YouTube. On October 13, 2011, Joy revealed one of her new songs titled "Can't Bring Me Down" on her Tumblr and Kickstarter pages.
She released her debut album, "Megan Joy", on April 25, 2012 on Bandcamp. It contained nine tracks, and was produced by Joy and Matt Winegar.
Joy and her husband will be in the upcoming movie, "Writer's Cramp." The movie production company also filmed a new music video which will be released in early 2013.
Joy released her second album, "Free To Fly," on January 21, 2014.
Philanthropy.
Joy teamed up with The Bethel Foundation, an organization that helps get single mothers back on their feet, to raise money and she also hosted one of their events on Friday, November 13, 2009, at the Coca Cola Bricktown Events Center in Oklahoma City.
Personal life.
Joy used to be a divorced single mother. She has a son named Ryder. She appeared in the "Idol" auditions phase as Megan Corkrey and then added her middle name Joy during the semi-finals. After the Wildcard episode, she dropped her last name, stating it was her ex-husband's and that she wanted to be known as Megan Joy from there on out. Joy has joint custody of her son and it was during her time on "American Idol" that her custody battle was "raging," making it the "hardest time of my life," she says. Joy has said during an interview that she currently has ten tattoos and that she plans to get another one on her ribs. She said via her official site that "My sleeve is a castle with flowers growing up it and a night sky at the top. In the castle windows is my stained glass fairy tale... in one window is my mom as a fairy godmother, my brother is a wizard and my son a prince. In the other window is me and whoever my king is".
In May 2009, the New York "Daily News" reported that Joy is dating fellow "Idol" finalist Anoop Desai. Both Joy and Desai have continually denied the rumor.
On April 16, 2011, Megan announced that she was engaged to The Used's Quinn Allman. The couple later married on August 21, 2011.
Studio albums

</doc>
<doc id="21501560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501560" title="Allison Iraheta">
Allison Iraheta

Allison Iraheta (born April 27, 1992) is an American singer from Los Angeles, California, who was the fourth place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol". Prior to "Idol", Iraheta won the Telemundo competition "". Following the conclusion of "Idol", Iraheta was signed to a record deal with 19 Entertainment and Jive Records. Her debut album "Just Like You" was released on December 1, 2009. She is currently the lead singer in the band, Halo Circus.
Biography.
Iraheta was born in Glendale, California, to Salvadoran immigrants who moved to the United States before she was born. She is the youngest in the family, with two older siblings, Jacki and Carlos Iraheta. According to her family, she has been singing since she was a toddler. In 2001, she began taking voice lessons with Raphael Enriquez at the Los Angeles Music and Art School, a non-profit community school of the arts in East Los Angeles. Before rising to prominence, she was a frequent performer at the local Latin Electronics Store "La Curaçao" and the Los Angeles Music and Art School's annual benefit concert, "Stars for the Arts". Iraheta attended Los Angeles' Animo Ralph Bunche Charter High School.
"Quinceañera: Mamá Quiero Ser Artista" (2006-09).
In 2007, Iraheta won the reality show, "“Quinceañera: Mama Quiero Ser Artista” (Sweet Fifteen: Mom, I Want to be an Artist)", a reality TV singing competition that was produced and broadcast in 2006-2007 on Telemundo, where she sang in both English and Spanish.
On the show, a group of teenage girls such as Olivia Bonilla, Brissia Mayagoitia, and others of Hispanic and Latino American background competed in a singing competition for the main prize of $50,000 and a record deal. Iraheta was the first (and only) winner of the competition and received the grand prize, but due to legal problems of the show the recording contract was never finalized and the production of the show was closed.
"American Idol" (2009).
Iraheta auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in San Francisco in 2009. She sang "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" by Aretha Franklin and made it to the Hollywood audition rounds. The judges unanimously agreed to put her through to the semifinals, with Simon Cowell saying "keep your eye on that one" and Paula Abdul predicting that Iraheta would be a "dark horse" in the competition.
Judges Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson declared Iraheta to be "one to watch in this competition" after her rendition of Heart's "Alone" during the semifinals. For her performance, Iraheta earned unanimous praise from the judges, with Abdul praising her for being able to "sing the telephone book". Iraheta was the top vote-getting female of Group 2 and, along with Kris Allen and Adam Lambert, advanced directly from the semifinals.
Iraheta kicked off her run in the finals with a well-received performance of Michael Jackson's "Give In to Me". Once again, Abdul praised Iraheta for being a "rock star," with the rest of the panel in agreement. The following week, Iraheta performed "Blame It On Your Heart" by Patty Loveless. Iraheta received rave reviews from the judges, but landed in the Bottom 3 for the first time. On Motown Night, Iraheta performed a cover of the Temptations' "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone". The performance earned a standing ovation from mentor Smokey Robinson, as well as further praise from the judges. DioGuardi enthusiastically lauded Iraheta for having a voice that "comes from God...you can't teach that! You sing like you've been singing for 400 years!"
On Top Downloads night, Iraheta performed No Doubt's "Don't Speak" while accompanying herself on the guitar and ended up in the Bottom 3 again. For her performance during Top 8 week, Iraheta sang Bonnie Raitt's "I Can't Make You Love Me", for which she received much acclaim. Jackson compared her to first season winner Kelly Clarkson, and DioGuardi commented, "You know what? Let's go make a record!" After covering "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" during Movie Night, Cowell boldly stated "We can see you all the way through the end now. You are the girls' only hope winning this competition." Abdul compared her to fellow contestant Adam Lambert, saying that the two possessed the same "special sauce."
During the second Top 7 Night (due to the judges' save of Matt Giraud), Iraheta performed a rock-infused version of Donna Summer's "Hot Stuff". Emerging on a glowing, red staircase, Iraheta was praised by Cowell for delivering "a brilliant performance". DioGuardi also praised Iraheta by saying, "That was like a 9–10 for me!" The following night, Iraheta again landed in the bottom 3 for the third time, and Lil Rounds was eliminated from the competition, leaving Iraheta as the last remaining female contestant. The next week, Iraheta performed a widely acclaimed cover of "Someone to Watch Over Me" as part of the Rat Pack theme. Jackson compared her vocal ability to Pink, "but with 9,000 more octaves", while DioGuardi remarked, "you converted some fans tonight... If that doesn't land you in the finals, I don't know what will!". During the subsequent results show, it was revealed that Iraheta was among the Top 2 vote-getters (along with Danny Gokey) for the night.
The following week, Iraheta performed a solo version of "Cry Baby" and closed the show with "Slow Ride", a duet with Adam Lambert. Regarding her performance of "Cry Baby", Cowell remarked that her growth throughout the competition was "staggering", and praised her for her "complete confidence and terrific vocals". Her duet of "Slow Ride" with Lambert received further praise from the judges, with DioGuardi describing her as a "rock goddess". Mentor Slash commented that Iraheta possessed a better voice than most women "twice her age".
On May 6, 2009, Iraheta was eliminated from the competition in 4th place. Slash tweeted that "Alison didn't deserve to be voted off AI so soon, she has amazing potential." Similarly, American Idol music director Rickey Minor was "absolutely shocked" at her departure.
"Just Like You" (2009-2012).
After her elimination, Iraheta made guest appearances on "Live with Regis and Kelly", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien", "Larry King Live", as well as local Fox television affiliates and numerous radio stations across the country. She performed on the Grand Finale of American Idol season 8, including a group medley of "So What" and a duet of "Time After Time" with original artist Cyndi Lauper.
On June 9, 2009, following weeks of speculation, it was officially confirmed that Iraheta had signed a record deal with Jive Records and 19 Recordings. Since Iraheta finished 4th place in "American Idol" season 8, she participated in American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009, performing "So What" by Pink, "Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin, "Barracuda" by Heart, and "Slow Ride" (with Adam Lambert) by Foghat. Iraheta also performed "Barracuda" by Heart on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" on July 15, 2009 to promote the tour. In September 2009, Allison concluded the 50 city tour with her fellow Idol contestants, during which she began recording her debut album, "Just Like You", under Jive Records, working with Kevin Rudolf, David Hodges , Tommy Henriksen and Max Martin In April 2010, it was announced Iraheta would be opening for Adam Lambert on his 2010 "GlamNation Tour".
Iraheta's debut album was released December 1, 2009. The lead single "Friday I'll Be Over U", produced by Max Martin, debuted on October 5, 2009 and was made available through digital distribution on November 3, 2009. According to "Rolling Stone," Jive expected Allison to sell 75,000 copies of her album in the first week. The album sold approximately 32,000 copies in its first week, debuting at number 35 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart. Approximately 7,000 of the copies sold in the first week were sold digitally, resulting in a debut at number 14 on the Billboard Digital Albums Chart. Allison's song "Pieces" was featured on the January 13th episode of American Idol. Allison performed her second single "Scars" on American Idol's Season 9 Top 24 results show on February 25, 2010. Allison joined Orianthi on Adam Lambert's Glam Nation tour.
In a July 2010 interview with Beatweek Magazine Iraheta stated that she would be writing more material for her second album and that it would be much more 'personal'. She stated, "So I think I'm gonna get more personal when I start writing." Iraheta was dropped by record label Jive Records in September 2010, due to her debut album underperforming. She was also dropped from 19 Entertainment. She is currently writing music for her second album. On March 1, 2012, one of Iraheta's new songs, titled "Self-Control", was featured in a video for Skaist-Taylor.
Halo Circus.
On January 3, 2013, Iraheta announced on her twitter account that she had formed a new band called Halo Circus. The band consists of Iraheta (vocals), Matthew Hager (bass, keyboards), David Immerman (guitars) and Valerie Franco (drums). The band marks a change of musical direction for Iraheta following a hiatus in 2012, a time which she used to "regroup, find myself and rediscover my voice." Halo Circus played their first gig at The Troubadour in West Hollywood, California on January 26, 2013. Iraheta eloped with bass player, Matthew Hager the next day, January 27, 2013. They played their second gig at Whisky a Go Go on April 17 and their third gig at the Hotel Cafe on May 21, 2013. On May 30, 2013 footage from their Hotel Cafe performance, along with an interview with Iraheta and Hager was featured on the NBC Latino website. In the interview, Hager said "Allison happens to be one of the finest vocalists I've ever heard on every level". It was announced on June 14, 2013 that Valerie Franco would be leaving the band. On June 25, 2013 Veronica Bellino was announced as her replacement on the Halo Circus Facebook page. In July 2013 the band signed a deal with the Manimal Vinyl label. They released their first single, "Gone", via iTunes on October 8, 2013 and the debut album is expected in early 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21501564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501564" title="Jasmine Murray">
Jasmine Murray

Jasmine Murray (born March 14, 1992) is an independent American singer from Starkville, Mississippi. She is best known for being a finalist on the eighth season" of American Idol" where she placed 12th–13th alongside Jorge Núñez. She also competed in the Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant in 2007. Her musical influences include Christina Aguilera.
Early life.
Jasmine Murray was born in Columbus, Mississippi and attended Columbus High School, but later moved to Starkville with her family. She is the daughter of Lisa Murray and is the youngest of five children. Her mother's first husband died of brain aneurysm in 1978. Her parents divorced when she was a toddler, and her father lives outside the state of Mississippi. According to the audition segments, she is eleven years younger than the fourth. At the time of the pregnancy, her mother Lisa Murray was working the night shift at the Weyerhaeuser plant in Columbus, Mississippi, and was lethargic and noticed her body swelling. Lisa Murray went to the plant's on-site clinic, but nurses rushed her to the hospital. She suffered a severe form of pre-eclampsia when pregnant with Jasmine, and the doctors expected neither of them to survive the pregnancy. Shortly after birth, Jasmine remained in the hospital for nearly a month fighting for her life. She began to sing at age 3. Her family told her that once they were in a vehicle, she would start singing with the radio, and that describes why she is passionate about singing. She has also performed mini-concerts with the Murray family. Before her "American Idol" run, she competed in the "Miss America's Outstanding Teen" scholarship pageant and was a student at the Mississippi School of the Arts, where she was continuing her education until she graduated in 2010.
Career.
"Miss America's Outstanding Teen".
Murray competed in the Miss Mississippi's Outstanding Teen pageant in 2006 where she won the activewear preliminary award and placed fourth runner-up. The following year, competing as Miss Houston/North Central, she won the Miss Mississippi's Outstanding Teen title. In August of that year she represented Mississippi in the Miss America's Outstanding teen pageant, the teen version of Miss America, where she placed tenth. In 2008 she won first place for the pageant's Mentor Club Scholarship, an opportunity open to former contestants.
"American Idol".
She auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Jacksonville, Florida on a whim after traveling to Orlando, Florida to attend the 2008 Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant. Holding number 84122, she sang "Big Girls Don't Cry" by Fergie. During Hollywood group night, her group, dubbed "Team Diva", performed "Mercy" by Duffy, but the rest of her group was cut. She then sang "Love Song" by Sara Bareilles, but the judges were not so impressed with Randy Jackson stating that he would not have chosen the song for her and suggested that she should have sung a song by Rihanna.
Murray was originally eliminated in the second semi-final, but was brought back for the wild card round and the judges chose her to join the Top 13. During the top 13 week, she performed "I'll Be There" by The Jackson 5, with Simon Cowell giving a minor critique that it was "a little bit robotic at times." She was one of the first two contestants to be eliminated in the finals along with Jorge Núñez and was the second wild card finalist to be eliminated in the first episode of the finals in "American Idol" history, after Leah LaBelle. As a result, she missed out on the annual summer tour. "American Idol"'s African-American viewer ratings dropped by 28% in the episode following Murray's elimination. Murray was the only contestant from Mississippi to become a finalist in "American Idol" history, until being joined by Skylar Laine in season 11, who is her favorite of that season. Among finalists, she is a close friend of Alexis Grace and Allison Iraheta.
Post-"Idol".
Murray has been on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and "Live with Regis and Kelly" with also-cast-off contestant Jorge Núñez. While missing out on the "American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009", Murray also performed Beyoncé song Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It) at the 2009 Mary Kay Seminar. Later during the time of the tour, she performed the Jordin Sparks song "Battlefield", the Rihanna song "Unfaithful", and the Fergie song "Big Girls Don't Cry" at the Delta Fair in Memphis, Tennessee. Fellow season 8 finalist Alexis Grace also performed there. Murray did performances at the 2009 Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant. Since her stint on "American Idol", she is a popular attraction at pageants and sporting events. She worked with seasoned songwriters in Nashville, Tennessee.
Murray performed in the national anthem at a Michigan State basketball game.
On February 12, 2012, Murray was crowned Miss Spirit of the South 2012. She announced it on Twitter and posted a photograph of herself wearing the new crown. She also announced that she would compete in Miss Mississippi 2012, held on June 27–30. She won first runner up in the contest. In April 2012, she visited and performed at Batson Children's Hospital in Jackson, Mississippi and performed three songs for patients in the hospital's lobby. On October 26, 2012, Murray was crowned Miss Mississippi State University.

</doc>
<doc id="21501565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501565" title="Lil Rounds">
Lil Rounds

Lil Rounds (born October 20, 1984) is an American singer from Memphis, Tennessee, who was the seventh place finalist on the eighth season of "American Idol". Following the conclusion of "Idol", Rounds was signed to a record deal with Bungalo Records. Her debut album was to be released in 2010 but has been pushed back for a 2011 release. Rounds is now recording her album independently.
Early life.
Rounds has stated that she began to sing when she was just 3 years old. She once lived in Memphis, Tennessee, along with her husband and three children. Rounds was a Customer service advisor. Before she entered the competition, a tornado ripped through Memphis on February 5, 2008, severely damaging her apartment complex and forcing her and her family to live in a motel. Her grandfather once worked with blues legend B.B. King. She said her dream mentor would be Stevie Wonder.
"American Idol".
Overview.
Rounds auditioned in Kansas City Missouri, where she received high praises from all judges saying that she was one of the best to audition, and that they thought she was a combination of Mary J. Blige and Fantasia. In Hollywood week round 1, she received a standing ovation from Kara DioGuardi and Paula Abdul after her rendition of "I Will Always Love You" by Dolly Parton. Her semifinal performance, "Be Without You", was highly praised by the judges allowing her to join the finals. After the top 36 performance, she was considered an early front runner in which Simon Cowell stated he would think Rounds would be in the top 3 along with Adam Lambert and Danny Gokey during his interview on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. She was eliminated on April 22 along with Anoop Desai, and returned for the Season 8 Finale on May 20, 2009 performing "Cue the Rain" with Queen Latifah.
Post-"Idol".
After Lil's elimination, she made guest appearances on "Live with Regis and Kelly", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "Larry King Live", some local FOX television affiliates and numerous radio stations across the country. She performed on the Grand Finale of American Idol season 8, including a group medley of So What and a duet of Cue the Rain with original artist Queen Latifah. On the tour, Rounds sang "Be Without You" by Mary J. Blige, "No One" by Alicia Keys, and Beyoncé's "Single Ladies." Rounds has said in numerous interviews that during the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009 she will begin working on her album. She says her album will be contemporary R&B, soul, pop gospel and jazz. She is currently in the studio working on her album, and will have a new website up soon. She has stated that her album will be out in the spring of 2010. It has been reported that she has signed with Bungalo Records. On December 23, 2010, Rounds announced that she has left what she called a "bad record deal" and was now working on her album independently to be released in 2011. Her album with Bungalo Records is believed to have been scrapped. As of 2014, Lil never released a single or an album.

</doc>
<doc id="21501634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501634" title="Bonk (album)">
Bonk (album)

Bonk is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Big Pig. It was released in March 1988 on White Label Records. The album went gold, then platinum in Australia with three top-twenty singles ("Hungry Town", "Breakaway" and "Big Hotel"). The album was released in America by A&M Records in 1988, and the music video for "Breakaway" was played on MTV. "Breakaway" was featured on the Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure soundtrack and "Hungry Town" on the "Young Einstein" soundtrack. "Breakaway" and "Money God" were used in the Miami Vice TV series in the 1980s. 
It was re-issued in 1992 by Mushroom Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by O. Witer, A. Scaglione, N. Disbray and S. Abeyratne, except where noted, according to Australasian Performing Rights Association (APRA).
Personnel.
Credited to:
Big Pig
"Additional musicians"
Recording details
Art work
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="21501648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501648" title="Jack Cassini">
Jack Cassini

Jack Dempsey Cassini (October 26, 1919 – September 20, 2010) was an American professional baseball infielder, manager and scout. Born in Dearborn, Michigan, he was a six-time stolen base champion during his minor league playing career (1940–41; 1946–55) and stole 378 bases lifetime.
Cassini threw and batted right-handed, stood 5'10" (1.78 m) tall and weighed 175 pounds (79 kg). His career began with the Tiffin Mud Hens of the Class D Ohio State League in , where he batted .396 and stole 51 bases in only 99 games. The following year, Cassini led the Class C Pioneer League in steals with 43, before spending four years in World War II military service. After a campaign split between the Triple-A International and Double-A Texas leagues (and 26 more thefts), Cassini then spent full seasons in the Texas League () and the Triple-A American Association () — and led those leagues in stolen bases as well (with 52 and 33, respectively).
In , he received his only trial in Major League Baseball as a pinch runner in eight games for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Cassini scored three runs, but stole no bases and never recorded an official at bat. He then returned to the American Association — leading it in stolen bases two more times, with 36 () and 35 ().
Cassini then fashioned a long career as a minor league manager and MLB scout. He skippered teams in the Chicago White Sox, Cincinnati Reds, New York Mets and Cleveland Indians farm systems, and scouted for Cincinnati, the Mets and Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="21501656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501656" title="Tombstones of Duke Momčilo">
Tombstones of Duke Momčilo

The Tombstones of Duke Momčilo (Serbian Cyrillic: "Стећци Војводе Момчила") are a group of three medieval tombstones about 5 km to the South-East from the center of Teslić in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The exact location of the tombstones is in Brkića Potok, a sub-village of Vrućica. They are situated on a hill, on south-western sides od Stražbenica hill.
The locals named the tombstones as Duke Momčilo's tombstones and they believe that they are tombstones of the duke, his wife and their child. No historical or archeological research confirmed that there ever was any Duke reigning the area, nor there was any other ruler named Momčilo.
The tombstones are not under care of any official authority. No research concluded their age or origin.

</doc>
<doc id="21501661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501661" title="Messidor (opera)">
Messidor (opera)

Messidor is a four-act operatic "drame lyrique" by Alfred Bruneau to a French libretto by Émile Zola. The opera premiered on February 19, 1897 in Paris. The opera title comes from the tenth month of the French Republican Calendar.
Although initially successful, the popularity of "Messidor" was adversely affected by the Dreyfus Affair which was occurring at the time of the opera's premiere. Because both Bruneau and his good friend Zola were active supporters of Alfred Dreyfus during his trial for treason, the French public did not welcome the composer's music for several years afterward.
The collaborations between Bruneau and Zola, of which "Messidor" is the most notable, were considered an attempt at a French alternative to the Italian verismo movement in opera.
Synopsis.
Set in Ariège, a region in the south-west of France, the opera tells the story of a greedy peasant, Gaspard, who has appropriated for himself a gold-bearing stream, which had previously provided income for the entire community. His daughter, Hélène, and Guillaume, a young and virtuous man, fall in love, but Guillaume's mother, Véronique, has accused Gaspard of murdering her husband. Ultimately Gaspard's mining operation fails, and his cousin Mathias is found to be the real murderer.
Vocal Score.
The vocal score was published in 1897 and is now available online "Messidor", at IMSLP.

</doc>
<doc id="21501693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501693" title="Stevie Wright">
Stevie Wright

Stevie Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21501698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501698" title="Urban Bushmen">
Urban Bushmen

Urban Bushmen is a 1980 live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Munich and released on the ECM label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Cook states ""Urban Bushmen" not only provides an excellent summation of the Art Ensemble of Chicago's work since 1966, but also substantiates the group's reputation for putting on intense and inspired shows".

</doc>
<doc id="21501713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501713" title="Dirty Girl (Terri Clark song)">
Dirty Girl (Terri Clark song)

"Dirty Girl" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark. It was released in July 2007 as the first single from her unreleased album, "My Next Life". It reached number 30 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in the United States.
The song was written by Tom Shapiro and Rivers Rutherford and intended to be performed by a man. Clark reworked the song to be performed from a female perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="21501758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501758" title="Rokubanme no Sayoko">
Rokubanme no Sayoko

Rokubanme no Sayoko also known as The 6th Sayoko is a Japanese television series which was produced in the year 2000.
Story.
A junior high school has a myth about a girl named Sayoko. Every three years, a new Sayoko is secretly charged to carry out promises of the previous Sayoko. The results of the promise determines how life at the school turns out. Who at the school is the real Sayoko?
Episodes.
The entire series consists of 12 episodes in all.

</doc>
<doc id="21501771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501771" title="Rotten Authorities">
Rotten Authorities

Rotten Authorities is the debut album from the thrash metal band Executer. It was released in 1991 and re-released in CD in 2005 by Marquee Records with 5 bonus tracks.
Tracklist.
Demo tracks are bonus tracks in the 2005 re-release.

</doc>
<doc id="21501790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501790" title="Hobo (Charlie Winston album)">
Hobo (Charlie Winston album)

Hobo is the second album by British singer-songwriter Charlie Winston. It was released by Real World Records in 2009.
The first single was "Like a Hobo".
Deluxe edition.
Disc 1: Hobo
Disc 2: DVD

</doc>
<doc id="21501796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501796" title="Seriality">
Seriality

A seriality is a social construct which differs from a mere group of individuals. Serialities take the form of labels which are either imposed onto persons or voluntarily adopted by them. A seriality can be "unbound" and self-identified, for example workers, patriots, or anarchists, or "bound" and identified by authority census and elections, such as Asian-Americans or Tutsis.
Benedict Anderson describes bound seriality as an insidious power grab by political authority. When a state gains an interest in power they may serialize their citizens in order to identify them, for example, forcing citizens to adopt a family name or (more recently) a national identification number. 
The term is also used in gender studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21501800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501800" title="Electricity distribution companies by country">
Electricity distribution companies by country

Canada.
Additionally, there are dozens of small regional companies, some of which are listed
in List of Canadian electric utilities.
United Kingdom.
See also Public electricity suppliers (of UK).
United States.
See also List of United States electric companies.

</doc>
<doc id="21501838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501838" title="The Third Decade">
The Third Decade

The Third Decade is a 1984 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the ECM label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Cook states ""Third Decade" marked both the end of their relationship with the ECM label and the beginning of a more streamlined stretch of music making".
"The Penguin Guide to Jazz on CD" reviewed the album negatively, calling it "nothing so much as the atrophy of a once-radical band."

</doc>
<doc id="21501859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501859" title="Frederick William Strange">
Frederick William Strange

Frederick William Strange (September 9, 1844 – June 5, 1897) was an English-born physician, surgeon and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented York North in the Canadian House of Commons from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was the son of Thomas Strange of Berkshire and studied medicine at Liverpool and University College in London. Strange came to Ontario in 1869. He served as deputy surgeon general for the Canadian militia from 1893 to 1896 and was coroner for York County. Strange was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the House of Commons in 1896. He died a year later at the age of 52.
The community of Strange was named in his honour after he secured a post office for the community in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="21501866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501866" title="Riksmål Society Literature Prize">
Riksmål Society Literature Prize

The Riksmål Society Literature Prize ("Riksmålsforbundets litteraturpris") is awarded annually by the " Riksmålsforbundet" for the outstanding publication in riksmål. The prize was awarded until 2002 by the "Oslo and Bærum Riksmål League", when it was taken over by the "Riksmålsforbundet".

</doc>
<doc id="21501884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501884" title="Smoky Group">
Smoky Group

The Smoky Group is a stratigraphical unit of Late Cretaceous age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the Smoky River, and was first described in outcrops along the banks of the Smoky River, Spirit River and Pouce Coupe Rivers by George Mercer Dawson in 1881.
Lithology.
The Smoky Group is represented by marine silty shale with ironstone and bentonite streaks. Sandstone occurs at the base, and is transitional to the Dunvegan Formation.
Hydrocarbon production.
Gas is produced from the Cardium Formation in the southern reaches of the Group, in central Alberta and northern Alberta.
Distribution.
The Kaskapau Shale reaches 477m in the Pouce Coupe River area and thins towards the east in the Smoky River area. The Bad Heart Formation sandstone is up to 8m thick, while the Puskwaskau Formation ranges from 200m in the Pouce Coupe Prairie to 123m in the Spirit River area. The entire group measures up to in the Pouce Coupe Prairie, and can reach in the Canadian Rockies foothills of northeast British Columbia.
Relationship to other units.
The Smoky Group is conformably and transgressively followed by the Wapiti Group and rests conformably on the Dunvegan Formation sandstone. The Cardium sandstone and Muskiki shale are replacing the upper parts of the Kaskapau Formation in the south-east of the distribution area. The entire group correlates with the Blackstone Formation, Cardium Formation and Wapiabi Formation of the Alberta Group in the southern foothills. The equivalent stratigraphic sequence in central Alberta consists of the Lea Park Formation and the upper Colorado Group, in north-eastern Alberta it correlates with Labiche Formation, and with the Kotaneelee Formation in the Liard River area.
Subdivisions.
The Smoky Group has the following sub-divisions from top to bottom:
The Kaskapau Formation is equivalent to the sum of Blackstone Formation, Cardium Formation and Muskiki Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="21501905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501905" title="Joseph Palmer">
Joseph Palmer

Joe Palmer or Joseph Palmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21501931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501931" title="Crazy Days (song)">
Crazy Days (song)

"Crazy Days" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Adam Gregory. It was released as the first single from "Crazy Days", his first album to be released in the United States. It reached number 98 on the Canadian Hot 100. It also peaked at number 33 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21501933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501933" title="1998 AFC Youth Championship">
1998 AFC Youth Championship

The Asian Football Confederation's 1998 AFC Youth Championship was held from October 17 to October 31, 1998 in Chiangmai, Thailand. The tournament was won for the ninth time by South Korea in the final against Japan.
Participants.
The teams that reached the semi-final qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina.
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The following teams qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="21501951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501951" title="Binghui Shen">
Binghui Shen

Binghui Shen, is an American radiobiologist. He is current Director of Radiation Biology, the Associate Chair and Professor of Cancer Biology at City of Hope National Medical Center.
Biography.
Shen was born in 1961, and graduated BSc from Department of Biology of Zhejiang University in Hangzhou in 1983. From 1983 to 1986, Shen was an assistant in the Department of Agricultural Sciences at Zhejiang Agricultural University (previous and current Zhejiang University). Shen obtained his PhD from Kansas State University. Shen did his postdoctoral research first in the Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry at the University of California, Irvine, then in the Life Sciences Division of Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico.
In 1996, Shen joined the Division of Cell & Tumor Biology at City of Hope National Medical Center. In 2000, h became associate professor in the Division of Molecular Medicine. In 2003, Shen was appointed the Director of the Division of Radiation Biology. He's also the Associated Chair and Professor in the Division of Cancer Biology, and a full member of Cancer Biology Program in the Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Shen was elected to the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Society of Radiation Research, and is member of the Radiation Study Section of the National Institutes of Health. Shen was named the United States Department of Defense’s 2002 Breast Cancer Research Program panel.

</doc>
<doc id="21501970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501970" title="History of evolutionary thought">
History of evolutionary thought

Evolutionary thought, the conception that species change over time, has roots in antiquity, in the ideas of the ancient Greeks, Romans, and Chinese as well as in medieval Islamic science. With the beginnings of biological taxonomy in the late 17th century, Western biological thinking was influenced by two opposed ideas. One was essentialism, the belief that every species has essential characteristics that are unalterable, a concept which had developed from medieval Aristotelian metaphysics, and that fit well with natural theology. The other one was the development of the new anti-Aristotelian approach to modern science: as the Enlightenment progressed, evolutionary cosmology and the mechanical philosophy spread from the physical sciences to natural history. Naturalists began to focus on the variability of species; the emergence of paleontology with the concept of extinction further undermined the static view of nature. In the early 19th century, Jean-Baptiste Lamarck proposed his theory of the transmutation of species, the first fully formed theory of evolution.
In 1858, Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace published a new evolutionary theory that was explained in detail in Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" (1859). Unlike Lamarck, Darwin proposed common descent and a branching tree of life, meaning that two very different species could share a common ancestor. The theory was based on the idea of natural selection, and it synthesized a broad range of evidence from animal husbandry, biogeography, geology, morphology, and embryology.
The debate over Darwin's work led to the rapid acceptance of the general concept of evolution, but the specific mechanism he proposed, natural selection, was not widely accepted until it was revived by developments in biology that occurred during the 1920s through the 1940s. Before that time most biologists argued that other factors were responsible for evolution. Alternatives to natural selection suggested during "the eclipse of Darwinism" (circa 1880 to 1920) included inheritance of acquired characteristics (neo-Lamarckism), an innate drive for change (orthogenesis), and sudden large mutations (saltationism). The synthesis of natural selection with Mendelian genetics during the 1920s and 1930s founded the new discipline of population genetics. Throughout the 1930s and 1940s, population genetics became integrated with other biological fields, resulting in a widely applicable theory of evolution that encompassed much of biology—the modern evolutionary synthesis.
Following the establishment of evolutionary biology, studies of mutation and variation in natural populations, combined with biogeography and systematics, led to sophisticated mathematical and causal models of evolution. Paleontology and comparative anatomy allowed more detailed reconstructions of the history of life. After the rise of molecular genetics in the 1950s, the field of molecular evolution developed, based on protein sequences and immunological tests, and later incorporating RNA and DNA studies. The gene-centered view of evolution rose to prominence in the 1960s, followed by the neutral theory of molecular evolution, sparking debates over adaptationism, the units of selection, and the relative importance of genetic drift versus natural selection. In the late 20th century, DNA sequencing led to molecular phylogenetics and the reorganization of the tree of life into the three-domain system. In addition, the newly recognized factors of symbiogenesis and horizontal gene transfer introduced yet more complexity into evolutionary theory. Discoveries in evolutionary biology have made a significant impact not just within the traditional branches of biology, but also in other academic disciplines (e.g., anthropology and psychology) and on society at large.
Antiquity.
Greeks.
Proposals that one type of animal, even humans, could descend from other types of animals, are known to go back to the first pre-Socratic Greek philosophers. Anaximander of Miletus (c.610–546 BC) proposed that the first animals lived in water, during a wet phase of the Earth's past, and that the first land-dwelling ancestors of mankind must have been born in water, and only spent part of their life on land. He also argued that the first human of the form known today must have been the child of a different type of animal, because man needs prolonged nursing to live. Empedocles (c. 490–430 BC), argued that what we call birth and death in animals are just the mingling and separations of elements which cause the countless "tribes of mortal things". Specifically, the first animals and plants were like disjointed parts of the ones we see today, some of which survived by joining in different combinations, and then intermixing, and wherever "everything turned out as it would have if it were on purpose, there the creatures survived, being accidentally compounded in a suitable way". Other philosophers who became more influential in the Middle Ages, including Plato, Aristotle, and members of the stoic school of philosophy, believed that the species of all things, not only living things, were fixed by divine design.
Plato (c. 428–348 BC) was called by biologist Ernst Mayr "the great antihero of evolutionism", because he promoted belief in essentialism, which is also referred to as the Theory of Forms. This theory holds that each natural type of object in the observed world is an imperfect manifestation of the ideal, form or "species" which defines that type. In his "Timaeus" for example, Plato has a character tell a story that the Demiurge created the cosmos and everything in it because, being good, and hence, "... free from jealousy, He desired that all things should be as like Himself as they could be". The creator created all conceivable forms of life, since "... without them the universe will be incomplete, for it will not contain every kind of animal which it ought to contain, if it is to be perfect". This "plenitude principle"—the idea that all potential forms of life are essential to a perfect creation—greatly influenced Christian thought. However some historians of science have questioned how much influence Plato's essentialism had on natural philosophy by stating that many philosophers after Plato believed that species might be capable of transformation and that the idea that biologic species were fixed and possessed unchangeable essential characteristics did not become important until the beginning of biologic taxonomy in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Aristotle (384–322 BC), the most influential of the Greek philosophers in Europe in the Middle Ages, was a student of Plato and is also the earliest natural historian whose work has been preserved in any real detail. His writings on biology resulted from his research into natural history on and around the isle of Lesbos, and have survived in the form of four books, usually known by their Latin names, "De anima" (on the essence of life), "Historia animalium" (inquiries about animals), "De generatione animalium" (reproduction), and "De partibus animalium" (anatomy). Aristotle's works contain some remarkably astute observations and interpretations—along with sundry myths and mistakes—reflecting the uneven state of knowledge during his time. However, for Charles Singer, "Nothing is more remarkable than efforts to [exhibit the relationships of living things as a "scala naturæ"." This "scala naturæ", described in "Historia animalium", classified organisms in relation to a hierarchical "Ladder of Life" or "Chain of Being", placing them according to their complexity of structure and function, with organisms that showed greater vitality and ability to move described as "higher organisms". Aristotle believed that features of living organisms showed clearly that they must have had what he called a final cause, that is to say that they had been designed for a purpose. He explicitly rejected the view of Empedocles that living creatures might have originated by chance.
Other Greek philosophers, such as Zeno of Citium (334–262 BC) the founder of the Stoic school of philosophy, agreed with Aristotle and other earlier philosophers that nature showed clear evidence of being designed for a purpose; this view is known as teleology. The Roman stoic philosopher Cicero wrote that Zeno was known to have held the view, central to Stoic physics, that nature is primarily "directed and concentrated...to secure for the world...the structure best fitted for survival."
Epicurus (341–270 BC) anticipated the idea of natural selection. Lucretius explicated these ideas in his "De rerum natura". In the Epicurean system, it was assumed that many species had been spontaneously generated from "Gaia" in the past, but that only the most functional forms survived to have off-spring. The Epicureans do not seem to have anticipated the full theory of evolution as we now know it and seem to have postulated a separate abiogenetic events for each species rather than postulating a single abiogenetic event coupled with the differentiation of species over time from a single (or small number of) originating parent organism(s).
Chinese.
Ancient Chinese thinkers such as Zhuangzi (Chuang Tzu), a Taoist philosopher who lived around the 4th century BC, expressed ideas on changing biologic species. According to Joseph Needham, Taoism explicitly denies the fixity of biological species and Taoist philosophers speculated that species had developed differing attributes in response to differing environments. Taoism regards humans, nature and the heavens as existing in a state of "constant transformation" known as the "Tao", in contrast with the more static view of nature typical of Western thought.
Romans.
Titus Lucretius Carus (d. 50 BC), the Roman philosopher and atomist, wrote the poem "On the Nature of Things" ("De rerum natura"), which provides the best surviving explanation of the ideas of the Greek Epicurean philosophers. It describes the development of the cosmos, the Earth, living things, and human society through purely naturalistic mechanisms, without any reference to supernatural involvement. "On the Nature of things" would influence the cosmological and evolutionary speculations of philosophers and scientists during and after the Renaissance. This view was in strong contrast with the views of Roman philosophers of the stoic school such as Marcus Tullius Cicero, Seneca, and Pliny the Elder who had a strongly teleological view of the natural world that influenced Christian theology. Cicero reports that the peripatetic and stoic view of nature as an agency concerned most basically with producing life "best fitted for survival" was taken for granted among the Hellenistic elite.
Augustine of Hippo.
In line with earlier Greek thought, the 4th-century bishop and theologian, Augustine of Hippo, wrote that the creation story in Genesis should not be read too literally. In his book "De Genesi ad litteram" ("On The Literal Interpretation of Genesis"), he stated that in some cases new creatures may have come about through the "decomposition" of earlier forms of life. For Augustine, "plant, fowl and animal life are not perfect ... but created in a state of potentiality", unlike what he considered the theologically perfect forms of angels, the firmament and the human soul. Augustine's idea 'that forms of life had been transformed "slowly over time"' prompted Father Giuseppe Tanzella-Nitti, Professor of Theology at the Pontifical Santa Croce University in Rome, to claim that Augustine had suggested a form of evolution.
Henry Fairfield Osborn wrote in "From the Greeks to Darwin" (1894):
If the orthodoxy of Augustine had remained the teaching of the Church, the final establishment of Evolution would have come far earlier than it did, certainly during the eighteenth instead of the nineteenth century, and the bitter controversy over this truth of Nature would never have arisen. ...Plainly as the direct or instantaneous Creation of animals and plants appeared to be taught in Genesis, Augustine read this in the light of primary causation and the gradual development from the imperfect to the perfect of Aristotle. This most influential teacher thus handed down to his followers opinions which closely conform to the progressive views of those theologians of the present day who have accepted the Evolution theory.
In "A History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom" (1896), Andrew Dickson White wrote about Augustine's attempts to preserve the ancient evolutionary approach to the creation as follows. For ages a widely accepted doctrine of spontaneous generation had been that water, filth, and carrion had received power from the Creator to generate worms, insects, and a multitude of the smaller animals; and this doctrine had been especially welcomed by St. Augustine and many of the fathers, since it relieved the Almighty of making, Adam of naming, and Noah of living in the ark with these innumerable despised species. In Augustine's great treatise, "De Cenesi contra Manichæos", on Genesis he says: "To suppose that God formed man from the dust with bodily hands is very childish. ...God neither formed man with bodily hands nor did he breathe upon him with throat and lips." Augustine suggests in other work his theory of the later development of insects out of carrion, and the adoption of the old emanation or evolution theory, showing that "certain very small animals may not have been created on the fifth and sixth days, but may have originated later from putrefying matter." In his great treatise "De Trinitate" (on the Trinity) he develops at length the view that in the creation of living beings there was something like a growth—that God is the ultimate author, but works through secondary causes; and finally argues that certain substances are endowed by God with the power of producing certain classes of plants and animals.
Middle Ages.
Islamic philosophy and the struggle for existence.
Although Greek and Roman evolutionary ideas died out in Europe after the fall of the Roman Empire, they were not lost to Islamic philosophers and scientists. In the Islamic Golden Age of the 8th to the 13th centuries, philosophers explored ideas about natural history. These ideas included transmutation from non-living to living: "from mineral to plant, from plant to animal, and from animal to man".
In the medieval Islamic world, the scholar al-Jahiz wrote his "Book of Animals" in the 9th century. Conway Zirkle, writing about the history of natural selection in 1941, said that an excerpt from this work was the only relevant passage he had found from an Arabian scholar. He provided a quotation describing the struggle for existence, citing a Spanish translation of this work: "The rat goes out for its food, and is clever in getting it, for it eats all animals inferior to it in strength", and in turn, it "has to avoid snakes and birds and serpents of prey, who look for it in order to devour it" and are stronger than the rat. Mosquitos "know instinctively that blood is the thing which makes them live" and when they see an animal, "they know that the skin has been fashioned to serve them as food". In turn, flies hunt the mosquito "which is the food that they like best", and predators eat the flies. "All animals, in short, can not exist without food, neither can the hunting animal escape being hunted in his turn. Every weak animal devours those weaker than itself. Strong animals cannot escape being devoured by other animals stronger than they. And in this respect, men do not differ from animals, some with respect to others, although they do not arrive at the same extremes. In short, God has disposed some human beings as a cause of life for others, and likewise, he has disposed the latter as a cause of the death of the former." Al-Jahiz also wrote descriptions of food chains.
Some of Ibn Khaldun's thoughts, according to some commentators, anticipate the biological theory of evolution. In 1377 Ibn Khaldun wrote the "Muqaddimah" in which he asserted that humans developed from "the world of the monkeys", in a process by which "species become more numerous" In chapter 1 he writes: "This world with all the created things in it has a certain order and solid construction. It shows nexuses between causes and things caused, combinations of some parts of creation with others, and transformations of some existent things into others, in a pattern that is both remarkable and endless."
The "Muqaddimah" also states in Chapter 6:
Christian philosophy and the great chain of being.
During the Early Middle Ages, Greek classical learning was all but lost to the West. However, contact with the Islamic world, where Greek manuscripts were preserved and expanded, soon led to a massive spate of Latin translations in the 12th century. Europeans were re-introduced to the works of Plato and Aristotle, as well as to Islamic thought. Christian thinkers of the scholastic school, in particular Abelard and Thomas Aquinas, combined Aristotelian classification with Plato's ideas of the goodness of God, and of all potential life forms being present in a perfect creation, to organize all inanimate, animate, and spiritual beings into a huge interconnected system: the "scala naturæ", or great chain of being.
Within this system, everything that existed could be placed in order, from "lowest" to "highest", with Hell at the bottom and God at the top—below God, an angelic hierarchy marked by the orbits of the planets, mankind in an intermediate position, and worms the lowest of the animals. As the universe was ultimately perfect, the great chain was also perfect. There were no empty links in the chain, and no link was represented by more than one species. Therefore no species could ever move from one position to another. Thus, in this Christianized version of Plato's perfect universe, species could never change, but remained forever fixed, in accordance with the text of "Genesis". For humans to forget their position was seen as sinful, whether they behaved like lower animals or aspired to a higher station than was given them by their Creator.
Creatures on adjacent steps were expected to closely resemble each other, an idea expressed in the saying: ("nature does not make leaps"). This basic concept of the great chain of being greatly influenced the thinking of Western civilization for centuries (and still has an influence today). It formed a part of the argument from design presented by natural theology. As a classification system, it became the major organizing principle and foundation of the emerging science of biology in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Thomas Aquinas on creation and natural processes.
While the development of the great chain of being and the argument from design by Christian theologians contributed to the view that the natural world fit into an unchanging designed hierarchy, some theologians were more open to the possibility that the world might have developed through natural processes. Thomas Aquinas went even farther than Augustine of Hippo in arguing that scriptural texts like Genesis should not be interpreted in a literal way that conflicted with or constrained what natural philosophers learned about the workings of the natural world. He felt that the autonomy of nature was a sign of God's goodness and that there was no conflict between the concept of a divinely created universe, and the idea that the universe may have evolved over time through natural mechanisms. However, Aquinas disputed the views of those like the ancient Greek philosopher Empedocles who held that such natural processes showed that the universe could have developed without an underlying purpose. Rather holding that: "Hence, it is clear that nature is nothing but a certain kind of art, i.e., the divine art, impressed upon things, by which these things are moved to a determinate end. It is as if the shipbuilder were able to give to timbers that by which they would move themselves to take the form of a ship."
Renaissance and Enlightenment.
In the first half of the 17th century, René Descartes's mechanical philosophy encouraged the use of the metaphor of the universe as a machine, a concept that would come to characterise the scientific revolution. Between 1650 and 1800 some evolutionists, such as Benoît de Maillet, produced theories that maintained that the universe, the earth, and life, had developed mechanically, without divine guidance. In contrast, most contemporary theories of evolution, such of those of Gottfried Leibniz and J. G. Herder, regarded evolution as a fundamentally "spiritual" process. In 1751, Pierre Louis Maupertuis veered toward more materialist ground. He wrote of natural modifications occurring during reproduction and accumulating over the course of many generations, producing races and even new species, a description that anticipated in general terms the concept of natural selection.
Maupertuis's ideas were in opposition to the influence of early taxonomists like John Ray. In the late 17th century Ray had given the first formal definition of a biological species, which he described as being characterized by essential unchanging features, and stated the seed of one species could never give rise to another. The ideas of Ray and other 17th century taxonomists were influenced by natural theology and the argument from design.
The word "evolution" (from the Latin "evolutio", meaning "to unroll like a scroll") was initially used to refer to embryological development; its first use in relation to development of species came in 1762, when Charles Bonnet used it for his concept of "pre-formation", in which females carried a miniature form of all future generations. The term gradually gained a more general meaning of growth or progressive development.
Later in the 18th century, the French philosopher G. L. L. Buffon, one of the leading naturalists of the time, suggested that what most people referred to as species were really just well-marked varieties, modified from an original form by environmental factors. For example, he believed that lions, tigers, leopards and house cats might all have a common ancestor. He further speculated that the 200 or so species of mammals then known might have descended from as few as 38 original animal forms. Buffon's evolutionary ideas were limited; he believed each of the original forms had arisen through spontaneous generation and that each was shaped by "internal moulds" that limited the amount of change. Buffon's works, "Natural History" and "The Epochs of Nature", containing well developed theories about a completely materialistic origin for the Earth and his ideas questioning the fixity of species, were extremely influential. Another French philosopher, Denis Diderot, also wrote that living things might have first arisen through spontaneous generation, and that species were always changing through a constant process of experiment where new forms arose and survived or not based on trial and error; an idea that can be considered a partial anticipation of natural selection. Between 1767 and 1792, James Burnett, Lord Monboddo included in his writings not only the concept that man had descended from primates, but also that, in response to the environment, creatures had found methods of transforming their characteristics over long time intervals. Charles Darwin's grandfather, Erasmus Darwin, published "Zoönomia" in 1796, which suggested that "all warm-blooded animals have arisen from one living filament". In his 1802 poem "Temple of Nature", he described the rise of life from minute organisms living in mud to all of its modern diversity.
Early 19th century.
Paleontology and geology.
In 1796 Georges Cuvier published his findings on the differences between living elephants and those found in the fossil record. His analysis identified mammoths and mastodons as distinct species, different from any living animal, and effectively ended a long-running debate over whether a species could go extinct. In 1788, James Hutton described gradual geological processes operating continuously over deep time. In the 1790s William Smith began the process of ordering rock strata by examining fossils in the layers while he worked on his geologic map of England. Independently, in 1811, Georges Cuvier and Alexandre Brongniart published an influential study of the geologic history of the region around Paris, based on the stratigraphic succession of rock layers. These works helped establish the antiquity of the Earth. Cuvier advocated catastrophism to explain the patterns of extinction and faunal succession revealed by the fossil record.
Knowledge of the fossil record continued to advance rapidly during the first few decades of the 19th century. By the 1840s, the outlines of the geologic timescale were becoming clear, and in 1841 John Phillips named three major eras, based on the predominant fauna of each: the Paleozoic, dominated by marine invertebrates and fish, the Mesozoic, the age of reptiles, and the current Cenozoic age of mammals. This progressive picture of the history of life was accepted even by conservative English geologists like Adam Sedgwick and William Buckland; however, like Cuvier, they attributed the progression to repeated catastrophic episodes of extinction followed by new episodes of creation. Unlike Cuvier, Buckland and some other advocates of natural theology among British geologists made efforts to explicitly link the last catastrophic episode proposed by Cuvier to the biblical flood.
From 1830 to 1833, Charles Lyell published his multi-volume work "Principles of Geology", which, building on Hutton's ideas, advocated a uniformitarian alternative to the catastrophic theory of geology. Lyell claimed that, rather than being the products of cataclysmic (and possibly supernatural) events, the geologic features of the Earth are better explained as the result of the same gradual geologic forces observable in the present day—but acting over immensely long periods of time. Although Lyell opposed evolutionary ideas (even questioning the consensus that the fossil record demonstrates a true progression), his concept that the Earth was shaped by forces working gradually over an extended period, and the immense age of the Earth assumed by his theories, would strongly influence future evolutionary thinkers such as Charles Darwin.
Transmutation of species.
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck proposed, in his "Philosophie Zoologique" of 1809, a theory of the transmutation of species. Lamarck did not believe that all living things shared a common ancestor but rather that simple forms of life were created continuously by spontaneous generation. He also believed that an innate life force drove species to become more complex over time, advancing up a linear ladder of complexity that was related to the great chain of being. Lamarck recognized that species adapted to their environment. He explained this by saying that the same innate force driving increasing complexity caused the organs of an animal (or a plant) to change based on the use or disuse of those organs, just as exercise affects muscles. He argued that these changes would be inherited by the next generation and produce slow adaptation to the environment. It was this secondary mechanism of adaptation through the inheritance of acquired characteristics that would become known as Lamarckism and would influence discussions of evolution into the 20th century.
A radical British school of comparative anatomy that included the anatomist Robert Grant was closely in touch with Lamarck's French school of "Transformationism". One of the French scientists who influenced Grant was the anatomist Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, whose ideas on the unity of various animal body plans and the homology of certain anatomical structures would be widely influential and lead to intense debate with his colleague Georges Cuvier. Grant became an authority on the anatomy and reproduction of marine invertebrates. He developed Lamarck's and Erasmus Darwin's ideas of transmutation and evolutionism, and investigated homology, even proposing that plants and animals had a common evolutionary starting point. As a young student Charles Darwin joined Grant in investigations of the life cycle of marine animals. In 1826 an anonymous paper, probably written by Robert Jameson, praised Lamarck for explaining how higher animals had "evolved" from the simplest worms; this was the first use of the word "evolved" in a modern sense.
In 1844 the Scottish publisher Robert Chambers anonymously published an extremely controversial but widely read book entitled "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation". This book proposed an evolutionary scenario for the origins of the Solar System and of life on Earth. It claimed that the fossil record showed a progressive ascent of animals, with current animals branching off a main line that leads progressively to humanity. It implied that the transmutations lead to the unfolding of a preordained plan that had been woven into the laws that governed the universe. In this sense it was less completely materialistic than the ideas of radicals like Robert Grant, but its implication that humans were only the last step in the ascent of animal life incensed many conservative thinkers. The high profile of the public debate over "Vestiges", with its depiction of evolution as a progressive process, would greatly influence the perception of Darwin's theory a decade later.
Ideas about the transmutation of species were associated with the radical materialism of the Enlightenment and were attacked by more conservative thinkers. Georges Cuvier attacked the ideas of Lamarck and Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, agreeing with Aristotle that species were immutable. Cuvier believed that the individual parts of an animal were too closely correlated with one another to allow for one part of the anatomy to change in isolation from the others, and argued that the fossil record showed patterns of catastrophic extinctions followed by re-population, rather than gradual change over time. He also noted that drawings of animals and animal mummies from Egypt, which were thousands of years old, showed no signs of change when compared with modern animals. The strength of Cuvier's arguments and his scientific reputation helped keep transmutational ideas out of the mainstream for decades.
In Britain the philosophy of natural theology remained influential. William Paley's 1802 book "Natural Theology" with its famous watchmaker analogy had been written at least in part as a response to the transmutational ideas of Erasmus Darwin. Geologists influenced by natural theology, such as Buckland and Sedgwick, made a regular practice of attacking the evolutionary ideas of Lamarck, Grant, and "The Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation". Although the geologist Charles Lyell opposed scriptural geology, he also believed in the immutability of species, and in his "Principles of Geology" (1830–1833), he criticized Lamarck's theories of development. Idealists such as Louis Agassiz and Richard Owen believed that each species was fixed and unchangeable because it represented an idea in the mind of the creator. They believed that relationships between species could be discerned from developmental patterns in embryology, as well as in the fossil record, but that these relationships represented an underlying pattern of divine thought, with progressive creation leading to increasing complexity and culminating in humanity. Owen developed the idea of "archetypes" in the Divine mind that would produce a sequence of species related by anatomical homologies, such as vertebrate limbs. Owen led a public campaign that successfully marginalized Robert Grant in the scientific community. Darwin would make good use of the homologies analyzed by Owen in his own theory, but the harsh treatment of Grant, and the controversy surrounding "Vestiges", showed him the need to ensure that his own ideas were scientifically sound.
Anticipations of natural selection.
It is possible to look through the history of biology from the ancient Greeks onwards and discover anticipations of almost all of Charles Darwin's key ideas. For example, Loren Eiseley has found isolated passages written by Buffon suggesting he was almost ready to piece together a theory of natural selection, but such anticipations should not be taken out of the full context of the writings or of cultural values of the time which could make Darwinian ideas of evolution unthinkable.
When Darwin was developing his theory, he investigated selective breeding and was impressed by Sebright's observation that "A severe winter, or a scarcity of food, by destroying the weak and the unhealthy, has all the good effects of the most skilful selection" so that "the weak and the unhealthy do not live to propagate their infirmities". Darwin was influenced by Charles Lyell's ideas of environmental change causing ecological shifts, leading to what Augustin de Candolle had called a war between competing plant species, competition well described by the botanist W. Herbert. Darwin was struck by Malthus's phrase "struggle for existence" used of warring human tribes.
Several writers anticipated evolutionary aspects of Darwin's theory, and in the third edition of "On the Origin of Species" published in 1861 Darwin named those he knew about in an introductory appendix, "An Historical Sketch of the Recent Progress of Opinion on the Origin of Species", which he expanded in later editions.
In 1813, William Charles Wells read before the Royal Society essays assuming that there had been evolution of humans, and recognising the principle of natural selection. Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace were unaware of this work when they jointly published the theory in 1858, but Darwin later acknowledged that Wells had recognised the principle before them, writing that the paper "An Account of a White Female, part of whose Skin resembles that of a Negro" was published in 1818, and "he distinctly recognises the principle of natural selection, and this is the first recognition which has been indicated; but he applies it only to the races of man, and to certain characters alone."
Patrick Matthew wrote in the obscure book "Naval Timber & Arboriculture" (1831) of "continual balancing of life to circumstance. ... progeny of the same parents, under great differences of circumstance, might, in several generations, even become distinct species, incapable of co-reproduction." Charles Darwin discovered this work after the initial publication of the "Origin". In the brief historical sketch that Darwin included in the 3rd edition he says "Unfortunately the view was given by Mr. Matthew very briefly in an Appendix to a work on a different subject ... He clearly saw, however, the full force of the principle of natural selection."
However, as historian of science Peter J. Bowler says, "Through a combination of bold theorizing and comprehensive evaluation, Darwin came up with a concept of evolution that was unique for the time." Bowler goes on to say that simple priority alone is not enough to secure a place in the history of science; someone has to develop an idea and convince others of its importance to have a real impact.
T. H. Huxley said in his essay on the reception of the "Origin of Species":
The suggestion that new species may result from the selective action of external conditions upon the variations from their specific type which individuals present and which we call spontaneous because we are ignorant of their causation is as wholly unknown to the historian of scientific ideas as it was to biological specialists before 1858. But that suggestion is the central idea of the "Origin of Species", and contains the quintessence of Darwinism.
Natural selection.
The biogeographical patterns Charles Darwin observed in places such as the Galapagos islands during the voyage of the Beagle caused him to doubt the fixity of species, and in 1837 Darwin started the first of a series of secret notebooks on transmutation. Darwin's observations led him to view transmutation as a process of divergence and branching, rather than the ladder-like progression envisioned by Lamarck and others. In 1838 he read the new 6th edition of "An Essay on the Principle of Population", written in the late 18th century by Thomas Malthus. Malthus' idea of population growth leading to a struggle for survival combined with Darwin's knowledge on how breeders selected traits, led to the inception of Darwin's theory of natural selection. Darwin did not publish his ideas on evolution for 20 years. However he did share them with certain other naturalists and friends, starting with Joseph Hooker, with whom he discussed his unpublished 1844 essay on natural selection. During this period he used the time he could spare from his other scientific work to slowly refine his ideas and, aware of the intense controversy around transmutation, amass evidence to support them. In September 1854 he began full-time work on writing his book on natural selection.
Unlike Darwin, Alfred Russel Wallace, influenced by the book "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation", already suspected that transmutation of species occurred when he began his career as a naturalist. By 1855 his biogeographical observations during his field work in South America and the Malay Archipelago made him confident enough in a branching pattern of evolution to publish a paper stating that every species originated in close proximity to an already existing closely allied species. Like Darwin, it was Wallace's consideration of how the ideas of Malthus might apply to animal populations that led him to conclusions very similar to those reached by Darwin about the role of natural selection. In February 1858 Wallace, unaware of Darwin's unpublished ideas, composed his thoughts into an essay and mailed them to Darwin, asking for his opinion. The result was the joint publication in July of an extract from Darwin's 1844 essay along with Wallace's letter. Darwin also began work on a short abstract summarising his theory, which he would publish in 1859 as "On the Origin of Species".
1859–1930s: Darwin and his legacy.
By the 1850s, whether or not species evolved was a subject of intense debate, with prominent scientists arguing both sides of the issue. The publication of Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" (1859) fundamentally transformed the discussion over biological origins. Darwin argued that his branching version of evolution explained a wealth of facts in biogeography, anatomy, embryology, and other fields of biology. He also provided the first cogent mechanism by which evolutionary change could persist: his theory of natural selection.
One of the first and most important naturalists to be convinced by "Origin" of the reality of evolution was the British anatomist Thomas Henry Huxley. Huxley recognized that unlike the earlier transmutational ideas of Lamarck and "Vestiges", Darwin's theory provided a mechanism for evolution without supernatural involvement, even if Huxley himself was not completely convinced that natural selection was the key evolutionary mechanism. Huxley would make advocacy of evolution a cornerstone of the program of the X Club to reform and professionalise science by displacing natural theology with naturalism and to end the domination of British natural science by the clergy. By the early 1870s in English-speaking countries, thanks partly to these efforts, evolution had become the mainstream scientific explanation for the origin of species. In his campaign for public and scientific acceptance of Darwin's theory, Huxley made extensive use of new evidence for evolution from paleontology. This included evidence that birds had evolved from reptiles, including the discovery of "Archaeopteryx" in Europe, and a number of fossils of primitive birds with teeth found in North America. Another important line of evidence was the finding of fossils that helped trace the evolution of the horse from its small five-toed ancestors. However, acceptance of evolution among scientists in non-English speaking nations such as France, and the countries of southern Europe and Latin America was slower. An exception to this was Germany, where both August Weismann and Ernst Haeckel championed this idea: Haeckel used evolution to challenge the established tradition of metaphysical idealism in German biology, much as Huxley used it to challenge natural theology in Britain. Haeckel and other German scientists would take the lead in launching an ambitious programme to reconstruct the evolutionary history of life based on morphology and embryology.
Darwin's theory succeeded in profoundly altering scientific opinion regarding the development of life and in producing a small philosophical revolution. However, this theory could not explain several critical components of the evolutionary process. Specifically, Darwin was unable to explain the source of variation in traits within a species, and could not identify a mechanism that could pass traits faithfully from one generation to the next. Darwin's hypothesis of pangenesis, while relying in part on the inheritance of acquired characteristics, proved to be useful for statistical models of evolution that were developed by his cousin Francis Galton and the "biometric" school of evolutionary thought. However, this idea proved to be of little use to other biologists.
Application to humans.
Charles Darwin was aware of the severe reaction in some parts of the scientific community against the suggestion made in "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation" that humans had arisen from animals by a process of transmutation. Therefore he almost completely ignored the topic of human evolution in "The Origin of Species". Despite this precaution, the issue featured prominently in the debate that followed the book's publication. For most of the first half of the 19th century, the scientific community believed that, although geology had shown that the Earth and life were very old, human beings had appeared suddenly just a few thousand years before the present. However, a series of archaeological discoveries in the 1840s and 1850s showed stone tools associated with the remains of extinct animals. By the early 1860s, as summarized in Charles Lyell's 1863 book "Geological Evidences of the Antiquity of Man", it had become widely accepted that humans had existed during a prehistoric period – which stretched many thousands of years before the start of written history. This view of human history was more compatible with an evolutionary origin for humanity than was the older view. On the other hand, at that time there was no fossil evidence to demonstrate human evolution. The only human fossils found before the discovery of Java man in the 1890s were either of anatomically modern humans or of Neanderthals that were too close, especially in the critical characteristic of cranial capacity, to modern humans for them to be convincing intermediates between humans and other primates.
Therefore the debate that immediately followed the publication of "The Origin of Species" centered on the similarities and differences between humans and modern apes. Carolus Linnaeus had been criticised in the 18th century for grouping humans and apes together as primates in his ground breaking classification system. Richard Owen vigorously defended the classification suggested by Cuvier and Johann Friedrich Blumenbach that placed humans in a separate order from any of the other mammals, which by the early 19th century had become the orthodox view. On the other hand, Thomas Henry Huxley sought to demonstrate a close anatomical relationship between humans and apes. In one famous incident, which became known as the Great Hippocampus Question, Huxley showed that Owen was mistaken in claiming that the brains of gorillas lacked a structure present in human brains. Huxley summarized his argument in his highly influential 1863 book "Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature". Another viewpoint was advocated by Charles Lyell and Alfred Russel Wallace. They agreed that humans shared a common ancestor with apes, but questioned whether any purely materialistic mechanism could account for all the differences between humans and apes, especially some aspects of the human mind.
In 1871, Darwin published "The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex", which contained his views on human evolution. Darwin argued that the differences between the human mind and the minds of the higher animals were a matter of degree rather than of kind. For example, he viewed morality as a natural outgrowth of instincts that were beneficial to animals living in social groups. He argued that all the differences between humans and apes were explained by a combination of the selective pressures that came from our ancestors moving from the trees to the plains, and sexual selection. The debate over human origins, and over the degree of human uniqueness continued well into the 20th century.
Alternatives to natural selection.
The concept of evolution was widely accepted in scientific circles within a few years of the publication of "Origin", but the acceptance of natural selection as its driving mechanism was much less widespread. The four major alternatives to natural selection in the late 19th century were theistic evolution, neo-Lamarckism, orthogenesis, and saltationism.
Theistic evolution was the idea that God intervened in the process of evolution, to guide it in such a way that the living world could still be considered to be designed. The term was promoted by Darwin's greatest American advocate Asa Gray. However, this idea gradually fell out of favor among scientists, as they became more and more committed to the idea of methodological naturalism and came to believe that direct appeals to supernatural involvement were scientifically unproductive. By 1900, theistic evolution had largely disappeared from professional scientific discussions, although it retained a strong popular following.
In the late 19th century, the term neo-Lamarckism came to be associated with the position of naturalists who viewed the inheritance of acquired characteristics as the most important evolutionary mechanism. Advocates of this position included the British writer and Darwin critic Samuel Butler, the German biologist Ernst Haeckel, and the American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope. They considered Lamarckism to be philosophically superior to Darwin's idea of selection acting on random variation. Cope looked for, and thought he found, patterns of linear progression in the fossil record. Inheritance of acquired characteristics was part of Haeckel's recapitulation theory of evolution, which held that the embryological development of an organism repeats its evolutionary history. Critics of neo-Lamarckism, such as the German biologist August Weismann and Alfred Russel Wallace, pointed out that no one had ever produced solid evidence for the inheritance of acquired characteristics. Despite these criticisms, neo-Lamarckism remained the most popular alternative to natural selection at the end of the 19th century, and would remain the position of some naturalists well into the 20th century.
Orthogenesis was the hypothesis that life has an innate tendency to change, in a unilinear fashion, towards ever-greater perfection. It had a significant following in the 19th century, and its proponents included the Russian biologist Leo S. Berg and the American paleontologist Henry Fairfield Osborn. Orthogenesis was popular among some paleontologists, who believed that the fossil record showed a gradual and constant unidirectional change.
Saltationism was the idea that new species arise as a result of large mutations. It was seen as a much faster alternative to the Darwinian concept of a gradual process of small random variations being acted on by natural selection, and was popular with early geneticists such as Hugo de Vries, William Bateson, and early in his career, T. H. Morgan. It became the basis of the mutation theory of evolution.
Mendelian genetics, biometrics, and mutation.
The rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's laws of inheritance in 1900 ignited a fierce debate between two camps of biologists. In one camp were the Mendelians, who were focused on discrete variations and the laws of inheritance. They were led by William Bateson (who coined the word "genetics") and Hugo de Vries (who coined the word "mutation"). Their opponents were the biometricians, who were interested in the continuous variation of characteristics within populations. Their leaders, Karl Pearson and Walter Frank Raphael Weldon, followed in the tradition of Francis Galton, who had focused on measurement and statistical analysis of variation within a population. The biometricians rejected Mendelian genetics on the basis that discrete units of heredity, such as genes, could not explain the continuous range of variation seen in real populations. Weldon's work with crabs and snails provided evidence that selection pressure from the environment could shift the range of variation in wild populations, but the Mendelians maintained that the variations measured by biometricians were too insignificant to account for the evolution of new species.
When T. H. Morgan began experimenting with breeding the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster", he was a saltationist who hoped to demonstrate that a new species could be created in the lab by mutation alone. Instead, the work at his lab between 1910 and 1915 reconfirmed Mendelian genetics and provided solid experimental evidence linking it to chromosomal inheritance. His work also demonstrated that most mutations had relatively small effects, such as a change in eye color, and that rather than creating a new species in a single step, mutations served to increase variation within the existing population.
1920s–1940s.
Population genetics.
The Mendelian and biometrician models were eventually reconciled with the development of population genetics. A key step was the work of the British biologist and statistician R.A. Fisher. In a series of papers starting in 1918 and culminating in his 1930 book "The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection", Fisher showed that the continuous variation measured by the biometricians could be produced by the combined action of many discrete genes, and that natural selection could change gene frequencies in a population, resulting in evolution. In a series of papers beginning in 1924, another British geneticist, J.B.S. Haldane, applied statistical analysis to real-world examples of natural selection, such as the evolution of industrial melanism in peppered moths, and showed that natural selection worked at an even faster rate than Fisher assumed.
The American biologist Sewall Wright, who had a background in animal breeding experiments, focused on combinations of interacting genes, and the effects of inbreeding on small, relatively isolated populations that exhibited genetic drift. In 1932, Wright introduced the concept of an adaptive landscape and argued that genetic drift and inbreeding could drive a small, isolated sub-population away from an adaptive peak, allowing natural selection to drive it towards different adaptive peaks. The work of Fisher, Haldane and Wright founded the discipline of population genetics. This integrated natural selection with Mendelian genetics, which was the critical first step in developing a unified theory of how evolution worked.
Modern evolutionary synthesis.
In the first few decades of the 20th century, most field naturalists continued to believe that Lamarckian and orthogenetic mechanisms of evolution provided the best explanation for the complexity they observed in the living world. But as the field of genetics continued to develop, those views became less tenable. Theodosius Dobzhansky, a postdoctoral worker in T. H. Morgan's lab, had been influenced by the work on genetic diversity by Russian geneticists such as Sergei Chetverikov. He helped to bridge the divide between the foundations of microevolution developed by the population geneticists and the patterns of macroevolution observed by field biologists, with his 1937 book "Genetics and the Origin of Species". Dobzhansky examined the genetic diversity of wild populations and showed that, contrary to the assumptions of the population geneticists, these populations had large amounts of genetic diversity, with marked differences between sub-populations. The book also took the highly mathematical work of the population geneticists and put it into a more accessible form. In Great Britain E.B. Ford, the pioneer of ecological genetics, continued throughout the 1930s and 1940s to demonstrate the power of selection due to ecological factors including the ability to maintain genetic diversity through genetic polymorphisms such as human blood types. Ford's work would contribute to a shift in emphasis during the course of the modern synthesis towards natural selection over genetic drift.
Evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr was influenced by the work of the German biologist Bernhard Rensch showing the influence of local environmental factors on the geographic distribution of sub-species and closely related species. Mayr followed up on Dobzhansky's work with the 1942 book "Systematics and the Origin of Species", which emphasized the importance of allopatric speciation in the formation of new species. This form of speciation occurs when the geographical isolation of a sub-population is followed by the development of mechanisms for reproductive isolation. Mayr also formulated the biological species concept that defined a species as a group of interbreeding or potentially interbreeding populations that were reproductively isolated from all other populations.
In the 1944 book "Tempo and Mode in Evolution", George Gaylord Simpson showed that the fossil record was consistent with the irregular non-directional pattern predicted by the developing evolutionary synthesis, and that the linear trends that earlier paleontologists had claimed supported orthogenesis and neo-Lamarckism did not hold up to closer examination. In 1950, G. Ledyard Stebbins published "Variation and Evolution in Plants", which helped to integrate botany into the synthesis. The emerging cross-disciplinary consensus on the workings of evolution would be known as the modern evolutionary synthesis. It received its name from the 1942 book "" by Julian Huxley.
The evolutionary synthesis provided a conceptual core—in particular, natural selection and Mendelian population genetics—that tied together many, but not all, biological disciplines. It helped establish the legitimacy of evolutionary biology, a primarily historical science, in a scientific climate that favored experimental methods over historical ones. The synthesis also resulted in a considerable narrowing of the range of mainstream evolutionary thought (what Stephen Jay Gould called the "hardening of the synthesis"): by the 1950s, natural selection acting on genetic variation was virtually the only acceptable mechanism of evolutionary change (panselectionism), and macroevolution was simply considered the result of extensive microevolution.
1940s–1960s: Molecular biology and evolution.
The middle decades of the 20th century saw the rise of molecular biology, and with it an understanding of the chemical nature of genes as sequences of DNA and of their relationship – through the genetic code – to protein sequences. At the same time, increasingly powerful techniques for analyzing proteins, such as protein electrophoresis and sequencing, brought biochemical phenomena into realm of the synthetic theory of evolution. In the early 1960s, biochemists Linus Pauling and Emile Zuckerkandl proposed the molecular clock hypothesis: that sequence differences between homologous proteins could be used to calculate the time since two species diverged. By 1969, Motoo Kimura and others provided a theoretical basis for the molecular clock, arguing that—at the molecular level at least—most genetic mutations are neither harmful nor helpful and that mutation and genetic drift (rather than natural selection) cause a large portion of genetic change: the neutral theory of molecular evolution. Studies of protein differences "within" species also brought molecular data to bear on population genetics by providing estimates of the level of heterozygosity in natural populations.
From the early 1960s, molecular biology was increasingly seen as a threat to the traditional core of evolutionary biology. Established evolutionary biologists—particularly Ernst Mayr, Theodosius Dobzhansky and G. G. Simpson, three of the architects of the modern synthesis—were extremely skeptical of molecular approaches, especially when it came to the connection (or lack thereof) to natural selection. The molecular-clock hypothesis and the neutral theory were particularly controversial, spawning the neutralist-selectionist debate over the relative importance of mutation, drift and selection, which continued into the 1980s without a clear resolution.
Late 20th century.
Gene-centered view.
In the mid-1960s, George C. Williams strongly critiqued explanations of adaptations worded in terms of "survival of the species" (group selection arguments). Such explanations were largely replaced by a gene-centered view of evolution, epitomized by the kin selection arguments of W. D. Hamilton, George R. Price and John Maynard Smith. This viewpoint would be summarized and popularized in the influential 1976 book "The Selfish Gene" by Richard Dawkins. Models of the period seemed to show that group selection was severely limited in its strength; though newer models do admit the possibility of significant multi-level selection.
In 1973, Leigh Van Valen proposed the term "Red Queen", which he took from "Through the Looking-Glass" by Lewis Carroll, to describe a scenario where a species involved in one or more evolutionary arms races would have to constantly change just to keep pace with the species with which it was co-evolving. Hamilton, Williams and others suggested that this idea might explain the evolution of sexual reproduction: the increased genetic diversity caused by sexual reproduction would help maintain resistance against rapidly evolving parasites, thus making sexual reproduction common, despite the tremendous cost from the gene-centric point of view of a system where only half of an organism's genome is passed on during reproduction.
However, contrary to the expectations of the red queen hypothesis, Hanley et al. found that the prevalence, abundance and mean intensity of mites was significantly higher in sexual geckos than in asexuals sharing the same habitat. Furthermore, Parker, after reviewing numerous genetic studies on plant disease resistance, failed to find a single example consistent with the concept that pathogens are the primary selective agent responsible for sexual reproduction in their host. At an even more fundamental level, Heng and Gorelick and Heng reviewed evidence that sex, rather than enhancing diversity, acts as a constraint on genetic diversity. They considered that sex acts as a course filter, weeding out major genetic changes, such as chromosomal rearrangements, but permitting minor variation, such as changes at the nucleotide or gene level (that are often neutral) to pass through the sexual sieve. The adaptive function of sex, today, remains a major unresolved issue in biology. The competing models to explain the adaptive function of sex were reviewed by Birdsell and Wills. A principal alternative view to the red queen hypothesis is that sex arose, and is maintained, as a process for repairing DNA damage, and that genetic variation is produced as a byproduct. (Also see Evolution of sexual reproduction.)
The gene-centric view has also led to an increased interest in Darwin's old idea of sexual selection, and more recently in topics such as sexual conflict and intragenomic conflict.
Sociobiology.
W. D. Hamilton's work on kin selection contributed to the emergence of the discipline of sociobiology. The existence of altruistic behaviors has been a difficult problem for evolutionary theorists from the beginning. Significant progress was made in 1964 when Hamilton formulated the inequality in kin selection known as Hamilton's rule, which showed how eusociality in insects (the existence of sterile worker classes) and many other examples of altruistic behavior could have evolved through kin selection. Other theories followed, some derived from game theory, such as reciprocal altruism. In 1975, E.O. Wilson published the influential and highly controversial book "" which claimed evolutionary theory could help explain many aspects of animal, including human, behavior. Critics of sociobiology, including Stephen Jay Gould and Richard Lewontin, claimed that sociobiology greatly overstated the degree to which complex human behaviors could be determined by genetic factors. They also claimed that the theories of sociobiologists often reflected their own ideological biases. Despite these criticisms, work has continued in sociobiology and the related discipline of evolutionary psychology, including work on other aspects of the altruism problem.
Evolutionary paths and processes.
One of the most prominent debates arising during the 1970s was over the theory of punctuated equilibrium. Niles Eldredge and Stephen Jay Gould proposed that there was a pattern of fossil species that remained largely unchanged for long periods (what they termed "stasis"), interspersed with relatively brief periods of rapid change during speciation. (Also see Speciation.) Improvements in sequencing methods resulted in a large increase of sequenced genomes, allowing the testing and refining of evolutionary theories using this huge amount of genome data. Comparisons between these genomes provide insights into the molecular mechanisms of speciation and adaptation. These genomic analyses have produced fundamental changes in the understanding of the evolutionary history of life, such as the proposal of the three-domain system by Carl Woese. Advances in computational hardware and software allow the testing and extrapolation of increasingly advanced evolutionary models and the development of the field of systems biology. One of the results has been an exchange of ideas between theories of biological evolution and the field of computer science known as evolutionary computation, which attempts to mimic biological evolution for the purpose of developing new computer algorithms. Discoveries in biotechnology now allow the modification of entire genomes, advancing evolutionary studies to the level where future experiments may involve the creation of entirely synthetic organisms.
Microbiology, horizontal gene transfer, and endosymbiosis.
Microbiology was largely ignored by early evolutionary theory. This was due to the paucity of morphological traits and the lack of a species concept in microbiology, particularly amongst prokaryotes. Now, evolutionary researchers are taking advantage of their improved understanding of microbial physiology and ecology, produced by the comparative ease of microbial genomics, to explore the taxonomy and evolution of these organisms. These studies are revealing unanticipated levels of diversity amongst microbes.
One important development in the study of microbial evolution came with the discovery in Japan in 1959 of horizontal gene transfer. This transfer of genetic material between different species of bacteria came to the attention of scientists because it played a major role in the spread of antibiotic resistance. More recently, as knowledge of genomes has continued to expand, it has been suggested that lateral transfer of genetic material has played an important role in the evolution of all organisms. These high levels of horizontal gene transfer have led to suggestions that the family tree of today's organisms, the so-called "tree of life", is more similar to an interconnected web or net.
Indeed, the endosymbiotic theory for the origin of organelles sees a form of horizontal gene transfer as a critical step in the evolution of eukaryotes such as fungi, plants, and animals. The endosymbiotic theory holds that organelles within the cells of eukorytes such as mitochondria and chloroplasts, had descended from independent bacteria that came to live symbiotically within other cells. It had been suggested in the late 19th century when similarities between mitochondria and bacteria were noted, but largely dismissed until it was revived and championed by Lynn Margulis in the 1960s and 70s; Margulis was able to make use of new evidence that such organelles had their own DNA that was inherited independently from that in the cell's nucleus.
Evolutionary developmental biology.
In the 1980s and 1990s the tenets of the modern evolutionary synthesis came under increasing scrutiny. There was a renewal of structuralist themes in evolutionary biology in the work of biologists such as Brian Goodwin and Stuart Kauffman, which incorporated ideas from cybernetics and systems theory, and emphasized the self-organizing processes of development as factors directing the course of evolution. The evolutionary biologist Stephen Jay Gould revived earlier ideas of heterochrony, alterations in the relative rates of developmental processes over the course of evolution, to account for the generation of novel forms, and, with the evolutionary biologist Richard Lewontin, wrote an influential paper in 1979 suggesting that a change in one biological structure, or even a structural novelty, could arise incidentally as an accidental result of selection on another structure, rather than through direct selection for that particular adaptation. They called such incidental structural changes "spandrels" after an architectural feature. Later, Gould and Vrba discussed the acquisition of new functions by novel structures arising in this fashion, calling them "exaptations".
Molecular data regarding the mechanisms underlying development accumulated rapidly during the 1980s and '90s. It became clear that the diversity of animal morphology was not the result of different sets of proteins regulating the development of different animals, but from changes in the deployment of a small set of proteins that were common to all animals. These proteins became known as the "developmental toolkit". Such perspectives influenced the disciplines of phylogenetics, paleontology and comparative developmental biology, and spawned the new discipline of evolutionary developmental biology also known as evo-devo.*</ref>
21st century.
Macroevolution and microevolution.
One of the tenets of the modern evolutionary synthesis was that macroevolution (the evolution of phylogenic clades at the species level and above) was solely the result of the mechanisms of microevolution (changes in gene frequency within populations) operating over an extended period of time. During the last decades of the 20th century some paleontologists raised questions about whether other factors, such as punctuated equilibrium and group selection operating on the level of entire species and even higher level phylogenic clades, needed to be considered to explain patterns in evolution revealed by statistical analysis of the fossil record. Near the end of the 20th century some researchers in evolutionary developmental biology suggested that interactions between the environment and the developmental process might have been the source of some of the structural innovations seen in macroevolution, but other evo-devo researchers maintained that genetic mechanisms visible at the population level are fully sufficient to explain all macroevolution.
Epigenetic inheritance.
Epigenetics is the study of heritable changes in gene expression or cellular phenotype caused by mechanisms other than changes in the underlying DNA sequence. By the first decade of the 21st century it had become accepted that Epigenetic mechanisms were a necessary part of the evolutionary origin of cell differentiation. Although epigenetics in multicellular organisms is generally thought to be a mechanism involved in differentiation, with epigenetic patterns "reset" when organisms reproduce, there have been some observations of transgenerational epigenetic inheritance. This shows that in some cases non genetic changes to an organism can be inherited and it has been suggested that such inheritance can help with adaptation to local conditions and affect evolution. Some have suggested that in certain cases a form of Lamarckian evolution may occur.
Unconventional evolutionary theory.
Omega Point.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin's metaphysical Omega Point Theory describes the gradual development of the universe from subatomic particles to human society, which he viewed as its final stage and goal. Cosmologist Frank J. Tipler subscribes to a version of this theory.
Gaia hypothesis.
Teilhard de Chardin's ideas have been seen by advocates of the Gaia theory proposed by James Lovelock, which holds that the living and nonliving parts of Earth can be viewed as a complex interacting system with similarities to a single organism, as being connected to Lovelock's ideas. The Gaia hypothesis has also been viewed by Lynn Margulis and others as an extension of endosymbiosis and exosymbiosis. This modified hypothesis postulates that all living things have a regulatory effect on the Earth's environment that promotes life overall.

</doc>
<doc id="21501971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501971" title="Robert Holden (motorcyclist)">
Robert Holden (motorcyclist)

Robert Holden (17 December 1958 – 31 May 1996) was a motorcycle road racer from New Zealand.
Biography.
Born in Norland, Yorkshire in 1958, Holden emigrated from England to New Zealand with his family in 1973.
He was the most successful of all Ducati Supermono racers. In 1994 Holden placed second in the Isle of Man TT, then returned to the 1995 Isle of Man TT to win the singles title. Holden also won in Ireland's North West 200 Supermono class in 1995. Holden died the following year in practice at the Isle of Man TT while riding a Ducati 916.
Holden would ride up to four different machines stepping off his Superbike onto a 250 Production machine then straight onto a 600 sports production bike followed by 15 laps and his Rotax 250 GP bike, it seemed at the time that Holden's only rest was during the sidecar race. He was helped early on in his career by Steve Dundon from Wellington Motorcycle Centre the combination of Dundon's experience and technical skills and Holden's hard riding led to many NZ titles.
One of Holden's more famous exploits was known as "The Holden Sign" incident. This happened at the Manfeild Autocourse in Feilding. While leading the Open Production Race on his 1135 GSX Suzuki, he crashed at 200 km/h, the bike slid and cartwheeled through a large sign advertising "Holden" cars. The whole incident was televised and was shown on the 6 o'clock news. Holden was unhurt and walked back to the pits to the applause of the crowd. 
Later on in his career, Holden teamed up with retired Ducati racer turned team manager Dallas Rankine. The BMS team supplied Holden with eight-valve Ducati 916 motorcycles and a Ducati Supermono. Some of New Zealand's best racing was seen during the early nineties between Holden on the Ducati and Andrew Stroud on the famous Britten V1000. Holden's death at the Isle of Man in 1996 was a devastating loss for New Zealand racing. Dallas Rankine withdrew from all professional involvement in racing after losing his rider and close friend.
The Robert Holden Memorial feature race at the famous Cemetery Circuit meeting in Wanganui, New Zealand is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="21501979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21501979" title="Nation Lakes">
Nation Lakes

The Nation Lakes are a series of four lakes in the Nation River system of the Omineca Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada. The four lakes are, from west to east (downstream), Tsayta, Indata, Tchentlo, and Chuchi Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="21502010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502010" title="Bill MacFarland">
Bill MacFarland

William H. "Bill" MacFarland (April 4, 1932 – August 12, 2011) was an ice hockey player who played in college for the University of Michigan and professionally for the Seattle Totems of the Western Hockey League. He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in January 2009.
Junior hockey and University of Michigan.
A native of Toronto, Ontario, MacFarland played junior hockey with Toronto Marlboros in the early 1950s. He enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1952 and played three seasons for the Wolverines hockey team. He was the captain of the Michigan teams that won back-to-back NCAA championships in the 1954–55 and 1955–56 seasons. MacFarland was also named to the NCAA Frozen Four All-Tournament Team in 1955. While playing for Michigan, MacFarland received three All-American and All-WCHA honors. MacFarland and his teammate Willard Ikola from the 1954–56 teams have both been inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor.
Professional hockey player.
After graduating from Michigan, MacFarland played eleven seasons in the Western Hockey League, where he received the George Leader Cup as the league's Most Valuable Player in 1962. After one season with the Edmonton Flyers, he asked to be transferred to Seattle so that he could attend the University of Washington Law School. MacFarland scored 35 goals for the Seattle Totems in the 1958–59 season and compiled 17 points in the playoffs as Seattle won its first WHL championship. In the 1961–62 season, he led the WHL with 46 goals and was named the league's MVP. In all, MacFarland played parts of ten seasons with the Seattle Americans and Seattle Totems. 
MacFarland received his law degree and was admitted to the Washington State Bar in 1964 while still an active hockey player. In a profile of MacFarland, who had a reputation as an enforcer on the ice, the "Post-Intelligencer" said: "He simply had a cerebral side, too. This unlikely combination of ice arena and courtroom acumen made him the most erudite hockey man to come through the Northwest."
In a 1963 WHL playoff game in San Francisco, MacFarland was shoved through an open gate and hit his head against a parked Zamboni. In the ensuing brawl, MacFarland had his lip split in two places, prompting the doctor treating his wounds to ask, "Didn't I read somewhere that you passed the bar exam? Why are you doing this?"
In his career playing in Seattle, MacFarland scored 299 goals and compiled 643 points, ranking him third all-time in team history. He ranks second all-time in goals (25), assists (43) and points (68) for the Totems. During his entire WHL career, MacFarlnd scored 324 goals in 688 games. When he retired as a player, he had a "dislocated knee and six broken teeth among his battle scars."
Professional hockey coach and administrator.
MacFarland became the Totems' coach in 1966 and led the team to WHL championships in 1967 and 1968. He retired as coach in 1970 and had a 137-121-33 record as coach of the Seattle franchise. From 1972–74, he served as president of the WHL and arranged a series of games between WHL teams and a Russian all-star team in 1974. After the demise of the WHL and the Totems franchise, MacFarland moved to Phoenix, Arizona where he became one of the owners of the Phoenix Roadrunners and president of the World Hockey Association from 1975–77. In spite of his previous successes Phoenix fans were appalled at the idea of his involvement with the new WHA franchise, having felt he had continually favored the Totems in decisions impacting the two teams while WHL president. As a result, his decisions were constantly criticised by the local media and a very vocal fan base during the time he managed the WHA franchise.
Career after hockey.
For a short time, MacFarland also owned Arena Football League and indoor soccer league franchises in Las Vegas. He also spent 17 years working for Sterling International, a company that places high-level executives with multinational Asian businesses. Later in life, MacFarland lived in Scottsdale, Arizona, and his company had offices in Tokyo, Beijing and Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="21502036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502036" title="What It Takes (Adam Gregory song)">
What It Takes (Adam Gregory song)

"What It Takes" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Adam Gregory. It is the second single from "Crazy Days", his first album to be released in the United States. The song has reached Top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21502086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502086" title="New World Department Store China Limited">
New World Department Store China Limited

New World Department Store China Limited () is a Hong Kong-based company engaged in department store operation in China. It is a subsidiary of New World Development. It has self-owned stores and managed stores in Hong Kong and Mainland China, and operates under two brands: "New World" (Chinese: 新世界) and "Ba Li Chun Tian" (literally "Paris Spring")(Chinese: 巴黎春天). Its company chairman is Henry Cheng, the son of the Hong Kong billionaire, Cheng Yu-tung. It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with IPO price of HK$5.8 per share.

</doc>
<doc id="21502098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502098" title="Yella Rottländer">
Yella Rottländer

Yella Rottländer (born 1964) is a German television and film actress as well as costume designer.
Rottländer first appeared in the Wim Wenders film "Der scharlachrote Buchstabe" (1972) in a supporting role. Subsequently, she played the 9-year-old Alice in the Wenders film "Alice in the Cities" "(Alice in den Städten)".
Yella Rottländer currently lives with her children in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="21502126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502126" title="The Danks">
The Danks

The Danks are a Canadian indie rock band from Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, founded by Brohan Moore and Alec O'Hanley. The current lineup includes lead vocalist Brohan Moore, O'Hanley on guitar and keyboards, Brian Murphy on bass, and drummer Phil MacIsaac. Chris Doiron originally played bass guitar, but was replaced by Andrew MacDonald.
The band released the EP "Samples" on Collagen Rock Records in 2008. Music critic John Sakamoto of the "Toronto Star" described their sound as "a compelling tug of war between wanting to dance and feeling that there's something else you're supposed to be doing."
Their full-length debut, "Are You Afraid of the Danks?" was released on June 30, 2009. Giving the album its highest rating, "Chart" described it as "non-stop, hook-laden revelry from start to finish." "Fast Forward Weekly", in its review, wrote, "The Danks are straight-up power pop at heart and there’s simply no denying their power."
Their second LP "GANK" came out in June 2013, which "Exclaim "gave 9/10. The band has shared North American stages and basements with Ted Leo and Tokyo Police Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21502141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502141" title="List of Australian ODI bowlers who have taken over 100 ODI wickets">
List of Australian ODI bowlers who have taken over 100 ODI wickets

List of Australian bowlers who have taken over 100 wickets in One Day International cricket:

</doc>
<doc id="21502152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502152" title="Wich Stand">
Wich Stand

Wich Stand was a 1950s style coffee shop with a tilting blue roof and a 35-foot spire. One of its three locations is now Simply Wholesome natural foods store. 
The Wich Stand housed a cocktail lounge and featured carhop service. It was declared a landmark by Los Angeles County in 1989.
The Wich Stand opened in 1957, fell upon hard times in the mid-1980s and declined and was vandalised, including a gutting of the floors and ceilings, after the restaurant closed in 1988. The Beach Boys lived in the area and wrote an unreleased song called "Wich Stand".
The Wich Stand was located on Slauson Avenue at Overhill near Inglewood, California and at Figueroa and Florence (listed on a matchbook cover). A critic said its "plunging dart of a sign keeps it from spinning off into space," and it is a surviving example of Googie architecture. It was refurbished and reopened as the Simply Wholesome Restaurant and health food store.

</doc>
<doc id="21502161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502161" title="Villazón">
Villazón

Villazón is a town in southern Bolivia, on the border with Argentina. It sits directly across a river from La Quiaca in Argentina. The town is a busy trading hub, with large quantities of goods flowing north.
It is also a heavily used transit hub for tourists passing into Bolivia. A train line connects Villazón with Tupiza, Uyuni and Oruro. Two train services, the "Expreso del Sur" and slightly cheaper "Wara Wara del Sur", each run twice a week. Buses also connect to many destinations.

</doc>
<doc id="21502202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502202" title="Brothers (Dean Brody song)">
Brothers (Dean Brody song)

"Brothers" is the title of a debut song written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody. It was released in October 2008 as the first single from the album "Dean Brody". The song peaked in the Top 10 of the "Radio & Records" Country Singles chart in Canada and #76 on the Canadian Hot 100. It also reached the Top 30 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in the United States.
Content.
"Brothers" is a mid-tempo ballad describing the relationship between the narrator and his brother, who is about to go to war. In the first verse, the narrator is reluctant to let his brother leave, offering to do anything that will keep him home. The narrator's brother reassures him by saying "This is what brothers are for". In the second verse, the narrator says that out of all his heroes, his brother is his main. The two of them interact through letters in the second verse, with the narrator telling his brother how much he misses him. Finally, in the third verse, the narrator's brother comes back home, but uses a wheelchair after being injured in the war. As they hug, the brother apologizes to the narrator for having to be pushed home, but the narrator simply replies, "This is what brothers are for."
Reception.
Jim Malec of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs-up rating, saying "'Brothers' veers widely from the standard radio formula in one very significant way—for a song that so pointedly references the times in which we live, it isn’t particularly uplifting, nor does it resolve into a sound byte-worthy declaration of hopefulness." Roughstock critic Matt Bjorke described the song as "a well-written story song by any measure", adding that it was "heartening to see such a song score with radio." He added that his original review, written in October 2008, was negative in nature because at the time, he did not understand the song's context.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Stephen Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="21502213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502213" title="Jiangsu University">
Jiangsu University

Jiangsu University () is a provincial university located in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, People's Republic of China (PRC).
History.
Jiangsu University was established through the combination of Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, Zhenjiang Medical College and Zhenjiang Teachers’ College with the permission of the Chinese Ministry of Education in August, 2001. Its main institution was the former Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, which was one of the 88 key universities designated by the State Council in 1978. Its history began with Sanjiang Normal School founded in 1902, which evolved and renamed Liangjiang Normal School in 1906, Nanjing Higher Normal School in 1915, National Southeastern University in 1921, Disi Zhongshan University in 1927, Jiangsu University in February and Central University in March 1928, and Nanjing University in 1949. Nanjing University Engineering College became Nanjing Polytechnic Institute in 1952 and then in 1960 a part of it became independent and moved to Zhenjiang next year and later became Jiangsu University of Science and Technology. It renamed Jiangsu University when merged with two colleges in the same city in 2001.
Administration.
Schools and Departments.
The university is organized into the following schools and departments.

</doc>
<doc id="21502215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502215" title="1926 Columbus Tigers season">
1926 Columbus Tigers season

The 1926 Columbus Tigers season was their seventh and final season in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 0–9, winning one game. They finished nineteenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21502232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502232" title="Dale Munson">
Dale Munson

Dale Munson (from Minnesota) was a former television and radio personality, best remembered as a weatherman for WOWT-TV in Omaha, Nebraska during the 1970s and 1980s.
His 46-year broadcasting career also included work in Iowa and Minnesota, before he spent eight years as an announcer and classical music DJ for KVNO radio in Omaha.
During his time at WOWT, Munson saw at first hand the devastation caused by the 1975 Omaha tornado, which caused particularly serious damage to his own neighborhood. The following year Munson was the victim of a violent attack in the station's lobby, where a woman who had asked to see him stabbed his cheek and arm with a knife. The injuries required hospital treatment, and the attacker was temporarily institutionalized.
Munson retired in 1991, but he was chosen by NOAA Weather Radio to present a program on the Omaha tornado's 25th anniversary in 2000, and he has continued to appear at Omaha public events. He received a lifetime achievement award from the University of Nebraska at Omaha's Department of Communication in 2000, and was named a member of the Nebraska Radio Personalities Hall of Fame in 2004. Munson died of a heart attack on Thursday, Nov. 22, 2012 in Lincoln, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="21502240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502240" title="Quod licet Iovi, non licet bovi">
Quod licet Iovi, non licet bovi

Quod licet Iovi, non licet bovi is a Latin phrase, literally "What is permissible for Jove is not permissible for an ox" in reference to the myth wherein Jupiter took the form of a bull to seduce Europa. In his play "Heauton Timorumenos", Terence, a playwright of the Roman Republic, coined a similar phrase, "Aliis si licet, tibi non licet". The version referring to Jove was probably created in the Middle Ages.
The phrase is often translated as "Gods may do what cattle may not". It indicates the existence of a double standard (justifiable or otherwise), and essentially means "what is permitted to one person or group, is not permitted to everyone." It is also used as the maxim for victor's justice, where a State that wins a war tries and punishes the vanquished, while avoiding such procedures with their own personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="21502243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502243" title="Advance America">
Advance America

Advance America Cash Advance was founded in 1997 and is the largest provider of the non-bank cash advance services in the United States. As of December 31, 2013 Advance America operated over 2500 lending centers in 29 states and 18 centers in Canada. Advance America does not franchise any of its centers in the United States or Canada and does not provide pawn lending or similar services. Advance America is a member of the Consumer Financial Services Association of America, which sets best practices standards for its membership.
Advance America provides its cash advances in small-denomination, short-term amounts. The advances come due on the customer's next payday. The company's stated goal is to attract customers by offering straightforward, rapid access to short-term funding, while providing high quality, professional customer service.
Advance America's current President and CEO is J. Patrick O'Shaughnessy. O'Shaughnessy previously served as the company's CFO. William Webster IV, a former Clinton administration official, is chairman of the board.
Buyout.
On February 16, 2012, Advance America announced that it is being acquired by Grupo Elektra, S.A.B. de C.V in a buyout that is estimated to be worth approximately $780 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21502247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502247" title="Hero Happy Hour">
Hero Happy Hour

Hero Happy Hour is an American comic book co-created by writer Dan Taylor and artist Chris Fason. Like "The Tick" and, less satirically, "Watchmen" it takes place in a universe of vaguely familiar costumed crime fighters. All stories unfold in First City at The Hideout Bar & Grill (Drink Specials For All Heroes) and usually feature genre savvy humor.
Publication history.
The series was originally released as Super Hero Happy Hour in 2002 but the "Super" had to be dropped over trademark concerns about the use of the term super hero, as explained by Dan Taylor:
A "Hero Happy Hour Super Special" was published in 2004 and IDW Publishing released "Super Deluxe Hero Happy Hour" "The Lost Episode" in 2006.
Collected editions.
Some of the series has been collected into a trade paperback:
Awards.
In "Wizard"'s Best of 2003 the series was named "Concept We Wish We’d Thought Of."

</doc>
<doc id="21502266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502266" title="Leslie Pietrzyk">
Leslie Pietrzyk

Leslie Pietrzyk is an American author who has published two novels, "Pears on a Willow Tree" and "A Year and a Day". Her short fiction has appeared in "The Gettysburg Review", "The Iowa Review", "New England Review", "The Sun", "TriQuarterly", and "Shenandoah". 
She holds a B.A. in English/Creative Writing from Northwestern University and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing from American University. She lives in Alexandria, Virginia and teaches in the Masters in Writing program at Johns Hopkins University, as well as the Low-Res MFA at Converse College.

</doc>
<doc id="21502272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502272" title="Hōjō Tsunetoki">
Hōjō Tsunetoki

Hōjō Tsunetoki (北条 経時, 1224 – May 17, 1246) was the fourth "Shikken" (1242–1246) of the Kamakura shogunate. He was son of Hōjō Tokiuji and of a former wife of Adachi Kagemori, elder brother of Hōjō Tokiyori and grandson of Hōjō Yasutoki. He ruled from 1242 to 1246 and founded Kōmyō-ji in Zaimokuza. He is buried within the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="21502281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502281" title="Hōjō Masamura">
Hōjō Masamura


</doc>
<doc id="21502283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502283" title="G-Star School Of The Arts">
G-Star School Of The Arts

G-Star School of the Arts is a public high school located in West Palm Beach, Florida. Founded by the school's CEO Greg Hauptner in 2003. G-Star is the largest film, acting, and television high school, and the only high school in the world with a working motion pictures studio on campus. The school currently has over 1,300 students.
G-Star is a charter school, students come from across Palm Beach County to attend this school. Students study in fields on film production, TV production, and acting. Students that attend must take art classes as well as their normal academic classes. G-Star offers a complete college preparatory education with honors classes, Advanced Placement classes and dual enrollment (After much complaining) with Florida Atlantic University, Palm Beach Community College and Lynn University. The school was approved to offer the International Baccalaureate Programme in December 2011. The school also trains students in Writing, Directing, Producing, Acting and all aspects of film and TV production in front of the camera and behind the camera.
Arts at the G-Star School.
The G-Star Studios sound stage is larger than the new School of Cinematic Arts sound stage at the University of Southern California (USC). G-Star also owns more movie production equipment than New York University (NYU). In 2010 the Raindance Film Festival (the largest independent film festival in Europe) rated G-Star the number one high school for film in the world, and the school took home first prize for the student video "Code Red".
The G-Star School of the Arts is one of the most financially successful high schools in the nation. Today the school owns over $16,000,000 in assets that include over 110,000 sq. ft. under roof in 14 buildings housing 1,130 students on 11 acres of property. Students attend the school from Jupiter to Boca Raton to the Glades on transportation provided by the school or take a free ride on Tri-Rail.
Props like an antiquated WWII bomber sit in the parking lot as naturally as the faculty's automobiles, and students and film crews are buzzing about, capturing moments on camera.
As a year-end project, students produce a feature film, which is then submitted to film festivals nationally and internationally. Done as a professional film with budgets and deadlines, the project involves every aspect of the school. Open auditions are held for every position, from directors, writers and actors to camera crew, grips and set designers, culminating in the some of the best high school films the U.S. produces.
Notable productions.
G-Star Studios, now the largest motion picture studio in Florida. Over 50 feature films have been produced at the Studios, plus many commercials including Nike and Abercrombie & Fitch, as well as music videos and rehearsals by Celine Dion, Rod Stewart, Stevie Nicks and Radiohead. Its students every now and then, assist on the sets of multi-million dollar feature films, commercials and music videos working side by side with the cast, crew, producers and directors as interns, thus receiving hands-on, real-world experience in the film industry. Among the famous persons who have produced, worked on or appeared in films at the G-Star Studios are Bobby Moresco, the Academy Award winning Co-Producer and Co-Writer of "Crash" and "Million Dollar Baby"; Master Producer Jonathan Krane, with over two billion dollars in box office including the films "Face/Off", "Swordfish", "The General's Daughter", and the "Look Who's Talking" trilogy; Dean Lyon, a Special Visual Effects Supervisor for the Academy Award winning trilogy "Lord of the Rings", "Titanic", "Armageddon", "Independence Day"; Tony and Golden Globe winner Barry Bostwick, famous acting coach Ron Palillo ("Welcome Back Kotter", "It’s a Dog Gone Tale: Destiny’s Stand"); and the famous Director Susan Seidelman who directed "Desperately Seeking Susan" and the pilot and many episodes of "Sex and the City". 
Two of the biggest teen stars in the world, Dylan and Cole Sprouse, from the Disney Channel's "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", starred in their first feature film entitled "" at the G-Star Studios as well as the stars Dyan Cannon, Sally Kellerman, John Goodman, Kay Panabaker ("Fame", "Grey's Anatomy", "CSI", "Two and A Half Men"); Margo Harshman from Disney’s "Even Stevens" movie & TV show, Joseph Balogna, Ed Lauter who starred in both "Longest Yard" pictures in 1976 & 2005, Brenda Vaccaro ("Midnight Cowboy"), DeDee Pfeiffer, and Leo Rossi from "The Accused", and "Without A Trace". 
Students of the school assisted in the production of the music video for Radiohead's "House of Cards", which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Short Form Video in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21502305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502305" title="John Gamon">
John Gamon

Background.
Dr. John Gamon, a prolific researcher overseeing numerous field research projects, pioneered the use of the relationship between leaf xanthophyll cycle pigment content and spectral reflectance to improve satellite monitoring of photosynthesis. Gamon's seminal work resulted in the development of the Photochemical Reflectance Index (PRI). He trained under Nobel Prize laureate Christopher Field.
Current Research.
Gamon studies the "breathing of the planet" - the exchanges of carbon and water vapour between the biosphere and the atmosphere that affect ecosystem productivity and help regulate our atmosphere and climate. Of particular interest are the effects of disturbance (fires, succession, weather events and climate change) on these basic processes. Additional research questions involve the detection of plant physiology, ecosystem function, species composition, and biodiversity using non-contact sampling methods. Much of this work is done with optical monitoring (remote sensing and automated field methods), and entails the development of new monitoring methods and related informatics tools.
To encourage wider usage of these methods, Dr. Gamon co-founded SpecNet, (Spectral Network), a network of collaborating sites and investigators using optical sampling methods (particularly spectral reflectance) to study ecological questions. Dr. Gamon conducts fieldwork in a range of ecosystems from the Arctic to the Tropics.
Dr. Gamon plays Renaissance and folk violin, and is a professor at the University of Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="21502311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502311" title="Panamerican Karate Federation">
Panamerican Karate Federation

The Panamerican Karate Federation (PKF) is the governing body of sport karate of about 37 countries of national karate federation in the Americas. The PKF was founded in 1975 with original name PUKO (Panamerican Union of Karate Organization) with 13 countries founder the PUKO in Long Beach, California, USA, and in 1995 it officially change the name to Panamerican Karate Federation. PKF is duly recognized by the World Karate Federation, the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 130 member countries. It is the only karate organization recognised by the International Olympic Committee and has more than ten million members. The PKF organized juniors and seniors Championship in many countries in Panamerica and participates in WKF World Karate Championships. The President of the PKF is William Millerson.
History of PKF.
The PUKO was founded on October 1975. The foundation act took place in the room “Mayfair” the Queen Hotel Mary in Long Beach, California. The countries founders were Argentina, Bermuda, Canada, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Dominican Republic, Trinidad and Tobago, the USA and Venezuela.
This first Championship of the PUKO was organized in the island of Curaçao on 1–3 May 1981, with the participation of 10 countries. It is remarkable that William Millerson was the organizer of the championship, was trainer and coach of his team, as well as he was competing. And it gained to Billy Blanks in the end of the category +80 kg to him.
During the Pan-American championship of 1990 in Niteroi, Brazil, was where several countries of the South America, like Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Uruguay, began to participate very actively in the championships of the PUKO. In 1991 there was a participation record of 26 countries, in the organized Pan-American Championship in Curaçao.
The Karate participate for the first time in the Central American and Caribbean Games in 1993 in Ponce, Puerto Rico and for the first time in the Pan-American Games in 1995 in Mar del Plata, Argentina. In 1995 during the Junior Pan-American Championship in Medellín, the new Statutes of the PUKO were approved and at the same time change the name of the organization to Panamerican Karate Federation P.K.F.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21502316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502316" title="Hōjō Nagatoki">
Hōjō Nagatoki

Hōjō Nagatoki 北条 長時 (1227–1264) was the sixth "Shikken" (1256–1264) of the Kamakura Bakufu and the 4th Chief of the Rokuhara Tandai North Branch "Kitakata".

</doc>
<doc id="21502327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502327" title="Corona-Norco Unified School District">
Corona-Norco Unified School District

The Corona-Norco Unified School District (CNUSD) is a school district in Riverside County, California in the United States, mainly serving the cities of Norco, Corona, and Eastvale. As of 2009 it has 48 schools in operation: 32 elementary schools, 8 intermediate schools and 8 high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="21502328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502328" title="Oboe quartet">
Oboe quartet

An Oboe quartet is a composition for oboe and three other instruments, usually a string trio. While the genre is not very common, Mozart wrote the most well known, his Oboe Quartet, K. 370. Other composers of oboe quartets include Johann Christian Bach, Franz Krommer and Colin Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="21502330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502330" title="Hōjō Morotoki">
Hōjō Morotoki


</doc>
<doc id="21502349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502349" title="Phanaeus changdiazi">
Phanaeus changdiazi

Phanaeus changdiazi is a species of beetle found in Panama and Costa Rica. It is named after Franklin Chang-Díaz, a Costa Rican-American physicist and former NASA astronaut.

</doc>
<doc id="21502354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502354" title="Hōjō Munenobu">
Hōjō Munenobu

, also family name Osaragi (大仏) was the eleventh "Shikken" (1311-1312) of the Kamakura Bakufu.

</doc>
<doc id="21502364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502364" title="Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten">
Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten

Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten (14 March 1706, Wolmirstedt – 4 July 1757, Halle) was a German Protestant theologian. He was a brother to philosopher Alexander Gottlieb Baumgarten (1714-1762).
He studied theology at the University of Halle, and in 1728 the 22-year old Baumgarten, a Hallensian Pietist and bibliophile, was appointed as minister of the "Marktkirche Unser Lieben Frauen" (Market Church of Our Dear Lady). In 1730 he became an associate professor at Halle, where in 1734 he was appointed a full professor of theology. In 1748 he was named as university rector. At the end of his life he translated encyclopedic articles and biographies from English into German.
Baumgarten was a follower of the philosophical teachings of Christian Wolff (1679-1754), and is regarded as a transitional theologian from the Pietism of Philipp Jakob Spener (1635-1705) and August Hermann Francke (1663-1727) to that of modern rationalism. He was a prodigious writer and published works on exegesis, hermeneutics, dogmatics and history. He was author of the first sixteen volumes of the "Allgemeine Welthistorie" (General World History), which after his death, was continued by his assistant Johann Salomo Semler (1725-1791).
Other noted works by Baumgarten include:

</doc>
<doc id="21502368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502368" title="Hōjō Hirotoki">
Hōjō Hirotoki


</doc>
<doc id="21502371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502371" title="Fire use module">
Fire use module

As inter-agency national resource personnel, Fire Use Modules have expertise in the areas of fire monitoring, ignition, holding and suppression, prescribed fire preparation and implementation support, hazard fuels reduction, and fire effects monitoring.
Fire use modules are funded by different US government agencies including the National Park Service, USDA Forest Service, and the Bureau of Land Management. The Nature Conservancy is the sole non-government entity to sponsor and support a Fire Use Module.
History.
In 1995 the US National Park Service (USNPS) founded fire use modules and hosted them in five different park units across the United States: Bandalier NM, Saguaro NP, Whisky town NRA, Zion NP, and Yellowstone NP. In 1999 the USMPS created four more modules; Black Hills FUM, Cumberland Gap FUM, Great Smokes FUM, and Buffalo River FUM.
Other modules came into existence as the use and flexibility of fire use modules became more apparent. Most notable of these fire use modules includes those on the Stanislaus National Forest (Calvarase FUM, Summit FUM, etc.), The Ashley National Forest (Chepeta FUM, Kings Peak FUM), The Bureau of Land Managements Unaweep WFM and The Nature Conservancy's Southern Rockies.
Since 2005, The U.S. Department of Agriculture (Forest Service) has also implemented the use of fire use modules (known as wildland fire modules) as well throughout the country. As of 2010 there were 17 wildland fire modules in the United States. These modules are highly qualified and extremely effective in a variety of fire ground operations ranging from basic suppression to extremely accurate fire behavior analysis and other tactical predictive services.
Fire use module configurations.
A typical Module consists of the following positions:
Minimum qualifications 
Target qualifications
Target qualifications for FUM are listed below (qualifications are not tied to a particular position within the FUM)
Fitness goals.
As a part of fire line performance required of FUMs, the physical ability to perform arduous labor is critical to module morale, personal health and safety standards. All FUM personnel strive to meet the following goals:

</doc>
<doc id="21502383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502383" title="Hōjō Mototoki">
Hōjō Mototoki


</doc>
<doc id="21502406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502406" title="Guixi">
Guixi

Guixi () is a county-level city in Yingtan Municipality, Jiangxi Province, in southeastern China. 
The city covers two-thirds of the land area in the municipal region. Like Yuehu District (月湖区), the municipal seat, Guixi's centre Xiongshi lies on the Xinjiang River (信江). 
Administration.
The city executive, legislature and judiciary are in Xiongshi Town (雄石镇), together with the CPC and PSB branches. 
Towns (镇, "zhen").
The city oversees 14 other towns:
Townships (乡, "xiang").
There is one Ethnic Township (民族乡) for the "She" (畲) nation at Zhangping (樟坪), upstream from Wenfang Town. 
Transportation.
Rail.
Guixi is a railroad junction for the Anhui–Jiangxi and the Zhejiang-Jiangxi Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="21502467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502467" title="Taiko no Tatsujin Wii">
Taiko no Tatsujin Wii

Taiko no Tatsujin Wii (太鼓の達人 Wii lit. Taiko Drum Master Wii) is a rhythm video game developed and published by Namco Bandai for the Wii console in 2008, and it was released only in Japan. Like other "Taiko" games, the player plays the notes of a chosen song's drum part as they are displayed on the screen. The taiko drums can be played using the TaTaCon, the Wii Remote and/or the Classic Controller. This was also known to be the first Taiko game to ever have lyrics that are seen in songs with vocals.
The Wii version includes extra game settings that uses the PlayStation 2 predecessor, including test configuration, note timing, controller button setups, sound settings, and data settings. 
Gameplay.
Symbols moving horizontally along a timeline show the player what to hit and when. Blue symbols indicate that the drum should be hit on the rim. Red symbols indicate that the face of the drum should be hit. The drum can be hit on the left and/or right side. The symbols can be either large or small. Large symbols indicate that the drum should be struck on both sides simultaneously, and small symbols indicate that the drum should be hit on either side. A large blue symbol thus means that the left and right rim should be hit at the same time. A yellow note thus means that a drum roll must be hit on either part of the drum. The balloon note and yam note indicates that the drum can only be hit on the face rapidly until the hit count reaches 0. 
The Wii version also introduces the giant note which indicates that the player must also hit on both sides of the face of the drum simultaneously, and will make the song more harder.
Subtitles under the symbols give the pronunciation of the sounds (for example, "do don do don") using a traditional system called kuchi shoga (口唱歌).
While its appearance may seem cute, it is actually quite difficult: the player needs to accomplish at least 65% of the drum chart to pass, and the harder levels (hard and Oni mode) and modifiers (e.g. hidden mode) will require much skill and chart recognization.
Successful play builds up a life meter, and if the meter is past a certain point by the end of the song, the song is passed.
Songs.
Songs with a (U) next to them indicate that the songs will need to be unlocked (As seen below).

</doc>
<doc id="21502470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502470" title="1926 Dayton Triangles season">
1926 Dayton Triangles season

The 1926 Dayton Triangles season was their seventh in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 0–7, winning one game. They tied for sixteenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21502477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502477" title="Lowell M. Snow">
Lowell M. Snow

Lowell Miller Snow (born January 2, 1944) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 2005 to 2011. Snow was a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy and in 2008 became the president of the Africa West Area of the church.
Snow is a descendant of Erastus Snow and grew up in St. George, Utah. He served as a LDS Church missionary in Germany and then attended Brigham Young University, where he met his wife Tamara. Snow then received a master's degree in counseling from Wayne State University.
Snow was in the United States military, doing intelligence work in Germany. He then earned a law degree at the University of Utah. Snow spent his career largely as a corporate and independent lawyer. He wrote the article on "blood atonement" in the 1992 "Encyclopedia of Mormonism".
Snow was the president of the Mississippi Jackson Mission of the LDS Church from 1982 to 1985, the president of the Salt Lake City Temple Square Mission from 1997 to 1999, and served as a temporary Mission President of the Georgia Atlanta Mission from July 2012-October 2012. After serving as President of Temple Square, Snow served as director of Church Hosting.
Among various other callings he held prior to his call as a general authority, Snow was a bishop and as an area seventy.
Snow and his wife are the parents of five children.
On October 1, 2011, Snow was released from the Second Quorum of the Seventy at the LDS Church's semi-annual general conference.

</doc>
<doc id="21502542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502542" title="Luz María Umpierre">
Luz María Umpierre

Luz María "Luzma" Umpierre-Herrera (born in 1947, Santurce, Puerto Rico) is a renowned American human rights advocate, New-Humanist educator, poet, and scholar. She currently resides in Florida. She is widely recognized for her open exploration --even at a high personal cost-- on the topics of activism and social equality, the immigrant experience and bilingualism in the United States, and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) issues. To date, she has published ten highly acclaimed books of poetry, had her poems published in over 26 different anthologies, and has over 50 essays published in academic journals. Umpierre is also known as an academic trailblazer, as she is responsible for expanding the curriculum of several American universities to have them include Minority-, Women-, and LGBT-focused scholarship. 
Umpierre has been the first Puerto Rican, and openly lesbian woman, to receive numerous awards and accolades. In 1990, she received the “Woman of the Year” Award from Western Kentucky University for her multicultural mentorship programs. In 2008, she was granted “Distinguished Alumnae in the Humanities” from the Universidad del Sagrado Corazon. She received the “Michael Lynch Award” from the LGBT Caucus of the MLA (Modern Language Association) in 2012 for her works in LGBT advocacy and activism. She is the current nominee for a South Korean International Award for Human Rights Activism, being the first Puerto Rican lesbian having been nominated (decision expected in May, 2014). Other awards she has received include the “Lifetime Achievement Award” from the Coalition of Lesbian and Gay Organizations in New Jersey (1990), and receiving the “Outstanding Woman of Maine” U.S. Congress Proclamation (2002). She has also been a guest writer and keynote speaker at numerous colleges and universities, to include Suffolk University, the University of Kansas, Ohio University --Athens, and Rutgers University, to name a few. 
Life.
Luz Maria Umpierre was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico, in 1947, and grew up in a working-class neighborhood called "La veintiuna" (Stop 21) in a household with sixteen people. Her mother was born in Puerto Rico and grew up in New York City; for this reason, Umpierre was exposed to English and Spanish as a child. Her father was a government worker who took to humanitarian work by helping the community. The work ethic of her mother and the altruism of her father established the core elements of who she would become in the future. Umpierre studied at the Sacred Heart Academy and at the Universidad del Sagrado Corazón, both in Puerto Rico, graduating from both with honors. 
After several years of teaching at the prestigious Academia María Reina in San Juan, Umpierre felt that she was in “sexile.” The prejudice she experienced as an open lesbian in the island was one of the contributing factors to her moving to the mainland in 1974. As she followed her academic path, she was shocked to see that in the United States it wasn’t her just sexual orientation that was prejudiced against, but also her Puerto Rican origin and ethnicity. These experiences helped forge the core of her desire to be a mentor to underprivileged and exiled students, American-born like her and immigrant alike. 
Education and Career.
She earned her B.A., with Honors, in Spanish and Humanities from the Universidad del Sagrado Corazón in 1970. In 1976, she received her M.A. in Spanish (Caribbean Literature) from Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania, where we also completed her Ph.D. in Spanish (1978). She has also completed Post Doctoral Studies in the Fields of: Literary Theory at the University of Kansas (1981-1982), University Administration (Recruitment and Retention of Minorities) as a State of New Jersey/Woodrow Wilson International Center Fellow (1986), and Management and Policy at the New School for Social Research, Milano School-Syracuse Campus (1995-1996).
After receiving her Ph.D. in 1978, Umpierre went on to teach at several institutions. She has the distinction of being the first Puerto Rican to receive tenure at the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at Rutgers University, where she taught the very first graduate level course on Colonial Latin American Literature. She used her theory of reading (Homocriticism) to approach the works of Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz and other authors such as Julia Alvarez, Carmen Lugo, Rosario Ferre, Lezama Lima and authors of the Puerto Rican generation of the 1950s. She also created the first courses on Caribbean Literature and Culture at Rutgers University, as well as one of the first courses on Latinas in the U.S. to be taught in the country.
Unfortunately, her presence as an open lesbian Latina academic at Rutgers was met with a strong conservative backlash. She was banned in 1989 from teaching at the university for her inclusion of Gay and Lesbian texts in her literature classes and after she spoke at the March on Washington, DC of 1987. This setback only reinforced her activism regarding LGBT Studies, as she’s continued to be an avid and tireless activist for the inclusion of LGBT topics in academia.
Immediately following her resignation from Rutgers based on their violations of the ADA before it was enacted, she worked as Head and Professor of the then Department of Modern Languages and Intercultural Studies and Folklore at the Western Kentucky University (WKU). It was while working at WKU, that Umpierre received the “Woman of the Year” award, while she continued to work with the underprivileged and societal outcasts. She was also responsible for recruiting the first African-American student at WKU and was also responsible for the hiring of the first African-American and Latina faculty members as well. Her active advocating of equality directly contributed to the reshaping of segregated curriculum and hiring practices.
In 1992, she became a faculty member at the State University of New York –Brockport (SUNY) and was a Professor of Foreign Languages and Literatures. Again, she was met with academic backlash for her activism in LGBT rights. In 1992, she was accused by SUNY of “exposing students to homosexuality” for teaching literature from a Homocriticism view and was suspended for two years. She subsequently became homeless due to this injustice, yet continued her work as an advocate for equality in academia.
Umpierre eventually relocated to Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, where she was an Associate Professor for Classic and Romance Languages and Literatures, along with Women Studies in 1998. She expanded the curriculum of this university as well, to include adding courses dealing with Latina Literature and Culture, Creative Writing, and Latin American Studies. She eventually left Bates College of her own choosing in 2002 to nurture her writing career and continue in promoting activist causes.
Poetry.
Umpierre has published six books of poetry and two chapbooks or "hojas poéticas". She has received significant critical attention, particularly from women, feminist and queer scholars. Her work has not received the same kind of attention in Puerto Rico, where she is not commonly included in leading anthologies or mentioned in literary histories due to hatred on the island toward all Diasporican writers and scholars.
Umpierre is a bilingual poet who writes in English and Spanish and sometimes mixes both languages in the same poem. In her work, she establishes a conversation with many American, Latin American, and Puerto Rican women poets and writers such as Sylvia Plath, Virginia Woolf, Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Julia de Burgos, and Sandra María Esteves. Noted among these is the poetical exchange she carried for years with Nuyorican minor poet Sandra María Esteves; this exchange was lauded in Europe and the USA and was included in a special radio program of the MLA because of its uniqueness.
Umpierre started out her poetry career with the publication of "Una puertorriqueña en Penna" (1979), whose title can be translated as "A Puerto Rican woman in Pennsylvania" or "A Puerto Rican woman in pain." In this book, the author offers poems that comment on the discrimination that the Puerto Rican community faced in Philadelphia. The final poem in that collection: "Mascarada la vida," signals towards the lesbian themes which she would develop further in other collections. Umpierre also comments on the prejudice against Puerto Ricans in institutions of higher education, particularly in Spanish departments that judged Puerto Rican Spanish as deficient or incorrect. She also explores these topics in her second and third books, "En el país de las maravillas (Kempis puertorriqueño)" (1982) and ". . . Y otras desgracias/And Other Misfortunes. . ." (1985), which shows a marked turn towards more bilingualism and carries openly Lesbian poems. The same book was included as an important Stonewall Era publication.
Umpierre's best-known book is "The Margarita Poems" (1987), where she openly discusses her lesbianism and offers highly erotic poems about lesbian love. The book also discusses issues of feminist sisterhood, Puerto Rican independence, and immigrant experience. In the 1990s, she published her book "For Christine" (1995). In the 2000s, she published two chapbooks or "hojas poéticas": "Pour toi/For Moira" (2005) and "Our Only Island—for Nemir" (2009). A volume of her complete works edited by Carmen S. Rivera and Daniel Torres was published in 2011.
Scholarship.
Umpierre has published two books of literary criticism focusing on Puerto Rican literature and numerous critical articles mostly on Caribbean literature and women authors. She is one of the few people who has written on Nemir Matos' poems. She is particularly well known for advancing a "homocritical" theory of reading, which she labels as "Homocriticism," suggesting that homosexual readers can be more attuned to perceiving hidden queer meaning in a literary work. Her first article on this subject, appeared in "Collages & Bricolages" in 1993 under the title "On Critical Diversity" and dealt with the book "Fragmentos a su imán" by José Lezama Lima although it was written in the early 1980s and taught at Rutgers University in Graduate Seminars during that decade. She developed her ideas further on this topic in an article on Carmen Lugo Filippi's short story "Milagros, calle Mercurio" Mercury Street.
Feud with Author Ana Castillo.
Umpierre is currently in an intellectual and personal disagreement with writer Ana Castillo. This disagreement has come to be known in intellectual circles as "The Castillo Affair." Umpierre helped Castillo found the e-Zine “La tolteca.” As a gesture of gratitude for Umpierre’s mentoring and as a tribute to her contributions as a poet, scholar, and social and political activist, Castillo dedicated one of her issues to Umpierre’s work in 2011. “The Yepes/ Umpierre Issue” carried an interview by distinguished author Monserrat Fontes, and a review of Umpierre’s body of work by Fontes and noted author and scholar Norma Elia Cantú. The issue was lauded in European academia as one of the best reviews of Umpierre’s complete works to-date. 
For as-yet-unclear reasons, Castillo removed the issue from public view and is claiming that she has never personally met Umpierre. Regardless of Castillo’s claims, Umpierre does not regret aiding Castillo in starting the e-Zine, reviewing and editing her manuscripts, mentoring her in her writing and academic career, or personally helping her and her family during trying times. Umpierre hopes Castillo will stop attacking her character via social media and that she rightfully reinstates “The Yepes/ Umpierre Issue.” Umpierre further hopes that Castillo will cease a feud that is antithetical to the cause of promoting literature, while simultaneously being counterproductive discourse in the advancement of social causes for the Latino, LGBT, and academic communities.

</doc>
<doc id="21502549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502549" title="Brooklyn Centre">
Brooklyn Centre

Brooklyn Centre is a neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio. It is adjacent to and separate from the Cleveland neighborhood known as Old Brooklyn. 
Of mixed heritage today, the original settlers of the area were Connecticut residents who had purchased land from investors of the Connecticut Western Reserve. Afterwards, German immigrants moved in starting in the late 19th century. They were followed by the Polish by the early 20th century who settled at the eastern end of Brooklyn Centre so they'd be close to the factories in and around the Cuyahoga River such as the tanneries and steel mills.
In November 2004, The Brooklyn Centre Historical Society published "Reflections from Brooklyn Centre: Presentations and Oral Histories from The Brooklyn Centre Historical Society." In November 2008, Brooklyn Centre became a National Wildlife Federation registered Community Wildlife Habitat Site, and was among the very first city neighborhoods to obtain the designation.
The eastern portion of Brooklyn Centre is known as Barbarowa. Brooklyn Centre is bordered on the east by the Cuyahoga River. The west border is I-71. The border to the south is Big Creek which runs through the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo and is the largest tributary that flows into the Cuyahoga. The northern border is a city street named Trowbridge.
In the early 1960s the neighborhood was changed dramatically with the construction of I-71. Entire streets were lost and new cul-de-sacs and dead ends were created, changing the fabric of the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="21502594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502594" title="Redux">
Redux

Redux is an adjective, meaning "brought back" or "resurgent". It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21502613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502613" title="Dasyphyllum excelsum">
Dasyphyllum excelsum

Dasyphyllum excelsum is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. Known as Bulli in Chile. This plant is known to occur in parts of South America, in Chile it occurs from Quillota to Cauquenes (32 to 35°S) between 190 and 800 m above sea level, a specific location of occurrence being in central Chile within the Cerro La Campana forests in association with the endangered Chilean Wine Palm, "Jubaea chilensis".
Description.
It is an evergreen tree or that measures up to 15 m (50 ft) tall and over 2 m (80 in) in diameter, soft, thin and brown bark, with deep vertical cracks, it is one of the few genera of asteraceae which are trees. The leaves are alternate, entire edge, elliptical shaped with acute apex which ends in a mucro. The leaves are yellowish green, 2-6 long and 1-2.5 cm wide, glabrous on both surfaces and pubescent on the margins, the petioles are 1–4 mm long.
Provided with two thorns (modified stipules), deciduous at the base of the leafs, the flowers are clustered in inflorescences (terminal Flower heads). The flowers are white and hermaphrodite, 5 stamens with the anthers attached. The fruit is a cylindrical achene about 3-3.5 mm long and 1 mm wide, pubescent, reddish pappi 5 mm long.
Etimology.
Dasyphyllum is derived from Greek hairy leaves, diacanthoides from Greek two thorns.

</doc>
<doc id="21502675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502675" title="Ganga Bhogpur">
Ganga Bhogpur

Ganga Bhogpur is a village in Pauri Garhwal District, Uttarakhand, India. Ganga Bhogpur is well known for Raja Ji National Park.
Chilla is very near about this village as Chilla is another part of Rajaji National Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="21502689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502689" title="António de Macedo">
António de Macedo

António de Macedo (born 5 July 1931, in Lisbon, Portugal) was first a filmmaker and later a writer, university professor and lecturer.
He gave up from filmmaking in the nineties as he felt systematically excluded from the state support programs of the Portuguese Ministry of Culture, the only financial source for film production in Portugal in that time. As a consequence, he dedicated himself entirely to writing, investigation and teaching. He published several books, essays, philosophy and fiction.
Biography.
Filmmaker.
Macedo graduated in architecture at the ESBAL (Escola Superior de Belas-Artes), the Faculty of Fine Arts of Lisbon, in 1958. Since then and until 1964, he worked as an architect in the Town Hall of Lisbon.
He abandoned his architect career in 1964 to devote himself to filmmaking as director and scriptwriter. He also dedicated to literature and research in the fields of religion and spirituality. He specialized in the history and Sociology of Esoteric Christianity. In 2010 he earned a doctor's degree "summa cum laude" in Sociology of Culture (in the field of Sociology of Religion), at the Nova University of Lisbon.
As a filmmaker, he was one of the pioneers of the Portuguese Cinema Novo and one of the founder members of the first film cooperative societies in Portugal, the "Centro Português de Cinema" (1970).
He started his career as a film director with his avant-garde short film "Verão Coincidente" Summer and "Nicotiana" (1963). These films were noticed by the producers Francisco de Castro and António da Cunha Telles, who invited Macedo to direct his first feature film, "Domingo à Tarde" Afternoon, 1965, which was selected for the Venice Film Festival of that year. During the prime minister António de Oliveira Salazar and later of Marcello Caetano dictatorship, Macedo's movies were almost always at odds with the Portuguese censorship, specially "Domingo à Tarde" Afternoon and "A Promessa" Vow, which were seriously affected by censors. "Nojo aos Cães" Curs Feel Disgust was totally forbidden. Nevertheless, "A Promessa" had a good reception at the Cannes Film Festival and it won the first prize at the Cartagena Film Festival. "Nojo aos Cães" was selected for the Bergamo Film Festival, had good reviews and a final nomination for the first prize as well. At the Benalmádena Film Festival it won the prestigious "FICC Award" (annual film prize of the "Fédération Internationale des Ciné-Clubs").
Just before the Carnation Revolution in 1974, Macedo founded in that same year, together with other filmmakers, a new cooperative film production company, Cinequanon. There he worked as a director until 1996. His latest film made with this new film company was "Santo António de Todo o Mundo" Anthony of the Whole World, shot in 1996.
After the fall of the dictatorial regime of Salazar / Caetano in 1974, Macedo worked intensively in many television films and TV series: films "engagés", political cinema denouncing the crimes committed by the former dictatorship. Meanwhile, he kept on making full-length pictures, such as "O Princípio da Sabedoria" Principle of Wisdom or "As Horas de Maria" Hours with Maria. This last one, when released in 1979 was hardly attacked by the Portuguese Catholic Church under the charge of "blasphemy" and "moral and religious outrage". His next feature, "Os Abismos da Meia-Noite" Magic Springs of Gerenia, was a box office hit in Portugal, and won three national film awards: "Best Portuguese Film", "Best Script" and "Best Sound Design," and also "Best Actor" at the Rimini Film Festival. 
"Chá Forte com Limão" Tea With Lemon was his latest feature. Notwithstanding his extensive and original filmography, and in spite of the cultural trend of his cinema, Macedo's applications to get support from the film financing programs of the Portuguese Ministry of Culture were systematically rejected. When asked about the reasons why his film projects were so ill-regarded by the juries, some jurors would state that the negative verdicts were consequence of a "uninteresting cinema", "detached from reality", "fanciful and too much whimsical" (See as reference the interview published at the magazine of the Portuguese Authors Society). They alluded to the genre of most of Macedo's movies, which include weird elements, magic fantasy, dark fantasy, science-fiction and so on.
Without being able to go on filming, Macedo went on along with his other specializations, namely investigating and teaching film theory, film aesthetics, speculative fiction as well as comparative religion, spirituality, history of religion, sociology of religion, esoterology.
Teacher and writer.
After 1996, Macedo devoted himself exclusively to literature and to university teaching . 
Alongside his career of motion-picture director, Macedo has also applied himself to teaching: since 1970 until 1974 he was a teacher in "Theory and Workshops of Film Direction" at the INP Institute (Lisbon), and until 1990 he taught "Cinema Aesthetics" and "Visual Semiotics" at the IADE Institute ("College of Fine Arts and Design," in Lisbon). After 1994 he was a professor of "Visual Semiotics" at the Lusófona University (Lisbon), and of "Filmic Language" and "Scriptwriting" at the Moderna University of Lisbon. From 2002 on, and at present, he is a professor of "Biblical Studies" and "Esoterology" at the Nova University of Lisbon.
literature and essays.
Macedo implied himself in writing and publishing novels, all of them of science-fiction and fantasy, pervaded by a Gothic and often magic atmosphere. Referring to Macedo's novels "A Sonata de Cristal" Crystal Sonata, "Contos do Androthelys" of the Androthelys, and others, the Portuguese scholar Teresa Sousa de Almeida, a Professor of Literature at Nova University of Lisbon, states:
Mixing SF with fantastic literature, Antonio de Macedo presents us with a strange and disturbing world, in which irony is always present. [. . .] Also surprising is the transfiguration that the real world sees itself going through when it is affected by the strangeness of a different reality. In the fantastic universe of Antonio de Macedo, the real world merely provides a set of signs which can only be deciphered with a key coming from another universe, to which only a few people have access. Thus, the reading of his works becomes an initiatory process in which the reader seeks out the occult truth hidden behind the story.
He also wrote essays on religion and Christian esotericism. One of them, "Esoterismo da Bíblia" of the Bible, is a treatise on Biblical esotericism which includes the lessons (from 2002 through 2006) of the course on "Biblical Esoterology" which Macedo taught at the Faculty of Human and Social Sciences (Nova University of Lisbon). This book deals with the conditions surrounding the birth, rise and fast expansion of Christianity in its early manifold currents, esoteric and exoteric, and its numberless manifestations, either official or marginal, in present times:
Its author, with his discreet and accessible erudition, explains the connections between the ancient texts and their historical, philosophical and religious antecedents, as well as their connection with the Mysteries, ancient and modern.
Macedo's doctorate dissertation is a comprehensive research on sociology of culture, sociology of religion and on esoterology of the New Testament texts, and was published in 2011 with the title "Cristianismo Iniciático" and Initiation. In a dense volume of 663 pages Macedo makes a deep study of the History and Sociology of the biblical texts, discussing especially the highest importance of the esoteric and heterodox interpretations of the Bible, and respective authors and currents since the production of the ancient biblical texts until today, and the profound significance of those interpretations to the development of mentality, culture, and science of the western civilisation.
Bibliography.
• "António de Macedo: cinema, a viragem de uma época" (António de Macedo: cinema, a turning point of an epoch), by José de Matos-Cruz, Publicações Dom Quixote, Lisbon, 2000

</doc>
<doc id="21502716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502716" title="Channii">
Channii

Channii (born May 27, 1991) is a singer and songwriter from Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Biography.
Channii is a Dutch singer/songwriter born May 27, 1991 in the capital of Holland, Amsterdam, she's a mix of different cultures: Dutch, Portuguese and Asian. 
Currently she is based in Los Angeles and New York, but praises Amsterdam as her home.
She writes her own lyrics for her songs and has developed a devoted fanbase via Myspace. 
As a kid she started off modeling and hosting TV shows on Nickelodeon.
She's been featured in several magazines, and has worked with several A-list producers and songwriters in London, Paris and the US.
Her songs "Panic" and "Jealous" were popular on YouTube getting a total of 100.000 hits per song.
The songs she has currently on her Myspace page are
-Panic 
-Jealous
-Wonderful/beautiful
Together they have a total of nearly 17 million spins.

</doc>
<doc id="21502726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502726" title="Little Miami Schools">
Little Miami Schools

Little Miami Schools is a local school district in southern Warren County, Ohio, United States, based in Morrow. The district covers of land, including the villages of Morrow, Butlerville, and Maineville, Hamilton Township, and other townships.
Little Miami Schools has raised media attention in recent years for being the only school district in southwestern Ohio to fall under “fiscal emergency” designation from the Ohio Department of Education. Despite its financial woes, Little Miami has maintained its “Excellent” rating from the Ohio Department of Education for the past three years.
Schools.
During the 2011-2012 school year, the Little Miami school district consisted of Little Miami High School, Little Miami Junior High School, Little Miami Intermediate School, Salem Township Elementary School and Salem Township Kindergarten Village, which houses both kindergarten and preschool classes. In the fall of 2012, the district re-opened two elementary schools, Hamilton-Maineville Elementary and Harlan-Butlerville Elementary.
History.
The Little Miami School District was formed in 1954 after the residents of the Butlerville, Maineville and Morrow school districts agreed to consolidate. Emery Bethel was named as the district’s first superintendent. A bond issue was soon passed to build a new central high school on Welch Road in Morrow, Ohio, and the class of 1957 was the first to graduate from the new building.
Until that time, the existing Morrow Elementary building had served as the area’s high school. Dedicated in 1914, the original Morrow building housed grades 1-12. To fund its construction, the Morrow Board of Education passed a resolution on Oct. 14, 1913, to place a $40,000 bond issue on the ballot. The bond issue passed by a vote of 96 for, 93 against.
It would be more than 40 years before another stand-alone school building was constructed in Little Miami. In November 1997, voters approved a 5.44 mill, 27-year bond issue that would raise $17.6 million for the purpose constructing a new high school building. The new Little Miami High School was dedicated in 2000.
Around this time, the district entered into a period of unprecedented growth. Beginning with the 2001-2002 school year, the district grew by 200 students on average for the next seven years, with student enrollment rising from 2,826 in 2001-2002, to 4,313 in 2008-2009.
In response to this growth, the district created a five-year facility use plan that called for the continued operation of “neighborhood” schools in Butlerville, Morrow and Maineville, while planning for the construction of a new intermediate and new junior high facilities. This plan set out to alleviate overcrowding in the former high school building on Welch Road that was serving as an intermediate/junior high complex, and to house anticipated future growth.
In May 2006, voters approved a 6.15 mill bond issue to fund facility improvements at Morrow, Harlan-Butlerville and Hamilton-Maineville Elementaries and to construct a new intermediate school and a new junior high school. Little Miami Intermediate School, built on donated land at the corner of Zoar and Stephens Road in Hamilton Township and Little Miami Junior High School, built contiguous to the high school, were both dedicated in 2009 and opened to students.
Financial Issues
In July 2007, a new two-year state budget was released that changed the formula that the state used to fund public schools. As a result, Little Miami lost $6 million in projected state revenue that year. The following year financial and credit markets crashed, plunging the national economy into recession and affecting the local community’s ability to financially support its schools.
Despite the economic downturn, Little Miami continued to grow rapidly in student population. In October, 2008, net enrollment increased by 335 students over the previous school year. Decreased funding coupled with increased student enrollment forced the district to begin looking at a combination of budget cuts and ballot issues to remain solvent.
In November, 2008, voters rejected a one-percent earnings tax to fund schools, launching a string of eight levy defeats for Little Miami. The failed issues were:
Following the November 2009 ballot defeat, Little Miami Local Schools were placed in state-designated “fiscal caution.” Fiscal caution is the first of level of state oversight for schools with actual or projected fiscal deficits that trigger corrective assistance from the Ohio Department of Education. After the February, 2010 defeat, the district was placed in “fiscal watch” and was projecting an $5 million shortfall by the end of the fiscal year. After the May 2010 ballot defeat, the district was placed in “fiscal emergency.”
In July 2010, a state-appointed fiscal planning and supervision commission convened its first meeting in Little Miami. This commission, provided for in the Ohio Revised Code, supersedes the local board of education, and has the power to review all district finances, the power to approve or reject actions taken by the local board and the power to create and enforce a district recovery plan to regain solvency.
The district received its first solvency assistance loan from the state in December 2010 in the amount of $5,071,000 to cover its budget shortfall for the remainder of the fiscal year. A second loan payment of $5,952,000 was received in July 2010, resulting in a total of more than $11 million in no-interest loans the district would be required to pay back into the solvency assistance fund in two years.
During the course of Little Miami’s financial spiral downward, the district cut 105 positions, cut approximately $10 million from its operating budget, closed Morrow and Harlan-Butlerville Elementary Schools, cut art, music and physical education classes at the elementary school level, reduced bus service to state minimums, instated athletics pay-to-participate fees of $651 per student per sport, reduced course offerings at the high school and eliminated community use of buildings due to staff shortages.
The media consistently covered Little Miami’s financial woes during this period and the district’s nine trips to the ballot box. Local newspapers and television crews ran numerous stories on the cuts the district had instituted and were on hand each election night to capture the latest results. Of particular interest was the nearly 50-50 split of “yes” and “no” voters in the district.
Little Miami also gained national attention from the Wall Street Journal and from educational trade magazines as many parties wished to study what happened when a community cannot or will not choose to support its schools financially.
In 2011, as part of the district’s recovery plan, the fiscal planning and supervision commission required Little Miami to begin operating at state minimum standards. These included reducing graduation requirements to 20 hours from 24, and increasing student teacher ratios. The commission also directed the district to close Maineville Elementary School and to place a levy on the November 2011 ballot.
Levy Passage.
After nine similar attempts, a 13.95 mill, five-year property tax passed by a margin of 74 votes in November 2011. Voter approval of this measure allowed the district to begin planning for repaying its solvency assistance loan and for restoring a handful of services.
In February, 2012, the Little Miami Local School Board approved a reconfiguration plan that would restore full busing services, return half-day, every day kindergarten, re-open Harlan-Butlerville and Hamilton-Maineville Elementaries and the return of art, music and physical education in grades K-8. The state fiscal planning and supervision commission rejected this plan at its February meeting, but then reversed its decision in March 2012.
On April 17, 2012, the Little Miami Local School Board approved a measure to reduce pay-to-participate fees to $350 per student per sport at the high school level and $275 per student per sport at the junior high level. The fiscal planning and supervision commission approved the same measure on April 24, 2012.
On May 22, 2013, the state Fiscal Planning and Supervision Commission voted to release Little Miami Local Schools from fiscal emergency and also voted to disband, ending 34 months of state oversight of district operations. By the end of the 2014 fiscal year, the district will have repaid a total of $11 million in solvency assistance loans and will be free of that debt.

</doc>
<doc id="21502728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502728" title="Craig Porteils">
Craig Porteils

Craig Porteils (born in Australia) is a Greek-Australian music producer, mixer, audio engineer, musical composer, songwriter, lyricist, guitarist, and former performer based out of Sydney, Australia.
Biography.
Career.
Porteils began his career in the decade of the 1980s, as the guitarist of his own band. However, Porteils excelled in behind-the-scenes production and started producing music in continuation. From 1989-1996, Porteils was based out of Los Angeles where he experienced great success writing for huge artists such as Cher, having helped produce her 3× platinum album "Heart of Stone" which peaked at number 10 on the US Billboard 200, by contributing to the song "If I Could Turn Back Time", which went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. He also has produced Billy Idol's top 10 hit "Cradle of Love" from the album "Charmed Life", Tevin Campbell's top 10 hit "Back to the World", Guns n Roses' number 1 hit "Knockin' on Heaven's Door", Fleetwood Mac's "Behind the Mask", Terence Trent D'arby's "Symphony or Damn", Rod Stewart's "Rhythm of My Heart", Ozzy Osbourne's "No More Tears", and Richie Sambora's "One Light Burning".
Porteils has been the production manager and composer of many American film scores and soundtracks, such as "Parenthood", starring Ron Howard, "Frankie and Johnny", starring Al Pacino, "Three of Hearts", "Johnny Handsome", starring Micky Rourke, and "Cry-Baby", starring Johnny Depp.,
In 1996, Porteils returned to Australia to work in the music industry of his native country. He has participated in the production of the popular show "Australian Idol" and produced albums for Shannon Noll and Guy Sebastian. He has produced for many winners of the show in studio. Some of his Australian collaborations include Diesel, Cactus Child, Wendy Matthews, Shortstack, David Campbell, Deni Hines, Ultimo, Damien Lieth, Young Divas, Joel Turner, Michala Banas, The Noll Brothers, The Jefferson and Human Nature.
Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
On 10 February 2009, it was revealed by the Greek networks Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi (ERT) and MAD TV (Greece) that Porteilis along with Greek-Australian songwriter and record executive Cameron Giles-Webb had written the lyrics to two songs called "Right on Time" and "This is Our Night" for Greek superstar Sakis Rouvas as two of three potential candidates that competed in the Greek National Final where both the public and a professional jury voted on 18 February to select Rouvas' entry to represent Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow.
Porteils and Giles-Webb were competing against an up-and-coming Greek lyricist Alexandra Zakka, whose first works as a songwriter was her collaboration for the Eurovision. All three songs had been produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos, as had been previously confirmed by ERT, while the names of the lyricists and the song titles as well as vague descriptions of the genres of the songs were revealed on 10 February. Originally, the songs were to be presented at a press conference on ERT at the Hilton Hotel on 11 February, however, small pieces of information were given out the day before, while the official press conference where the songs will be presented for the first time will take place on 12 February. On 18 February 2009, Rouvas will perform all three songs in the National Final, with full choreography by Fokas Evangelinos. The selected entry will represent Greece in the Eurovision.
The song "Right on Time" was described as a dynamic, mid-tempo song, while "This Is Our Night" was characterized as an imposing dance song.

</doc>
<doc id="21502760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502760" title="Shangqing (town)">
Shangqing (town)

Shangqing (上清) is a town under the county-level city of Guixi, in the municipal region of Yingtan, JX. It is a small stop on a major railroad - the Fuzhou branch line from the Yingtan junction on the Nanchang--Shanghai line. Most visitors will be touring the nearby Daoist holy mountain Longhushan (龙虎山). 
Cultural Interest.
Shangqing Town features Han Dynasty temples associated with Zhang Daoling (张道陵), a founder of Daoism. One is mentioned in the beginning of the classic Yuan Dynasty novel "Shuihu Zhuan" (水浒传/水滸傳), variously englished as "Outlaws of the Marsh", "Water Margin", "All Men are Brothers", etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21502768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502768" title="George Nugent, 1st Marquess of Westmeath">
George Nugent, 1st Marquess of Westmeath

George Thomas John Nugent, 1st Marquess of Westmeath (17 July 1785 – 5 May 1871), styled Lord Delvin between 1792 and 1814 and known as The Earl of Westmeath between 1814 and 1821, was an Irish peer.
Background.
Nugent was born in Clonyn, County Westmeath, the son of George Frederick Nugent, 7th Earl of Westmeath, and Marianne, daughter of Major James St. John Jefferyes. His parents divorced in 1796 after his father's discovery of his mother's affair with Augustus Bradshaw, which also resulted in a celebrated action for criminal conversation.
Career.
Lord Westmeath succeeded his father in the earldom in 1821. The following year he was created Marquess of Westmeath in the Peerage of Ireland. As these were Irish peerages they did not entitle him to an automatic seat in the House of Lords. However, in 1831 he was elected an Irish Representative Peer. The same year he was also appointed Lord-Lieutenant of Westmeath, a post he held until his death.
Family.
Lord Westmeath was married three times. He married firstly Lady Emily Anne Bennet Elizabeth Cecil, daughter of James Cecil, 1st Marquess of Salisbury, and Lady Emily Mary Hill, on 29 May 1812. They had two children:
Lord Westmeath and Lady Emily divorced in 1827. He married, secondly, Maria Jervis on 18 February 1858. They divorced in 1862. He married, lastly, Elizabeth Charlotte Verner, on 12 July 1864. He had an illegitimate daughter, Eliza Nugent (c. 1806 - 14 September 1877), who married Alfred Harley, 6th Earl of Oxford and Mortimer. Lord Westmeath died in May 1871, aged 85, when the marquessate became extinct. He was succeeded in his remaining titles by his kinsman, Anthony Nugent. The Marchioness of Westmeath died in September 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="21502780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502780" title="Hackett's Cove, Nova Scotia">
Hackett's Cove, Nova Scotia

The community is home to radio transmitter maker Nautel Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="21502793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502793" title="Urban planner">
Urban planner

An urban planner or city planner is a professional who works in the field of urban planning/land use planning for the purpose of optimizing the effectiveness of a community's land use and infrastructure. They formulate plans for the development and management of urban and suburban areas, typically analyzing land use compatibility as well as economic, environmental and social trends. In developing their plan for a community (whether commercial, residential, agricultural, natural or recreational), urban planners must also consider a wide array of issues such as sustainability, air pollution, traffic congestion, crime, land values, legislation and zoning codes. 
The importance of the urban planner is increasing throughout the 21st century, as modern society begins to face issues of increased population growth, climate change and unsustainable development. An urban planner could be considered a green collar profession. 
Urban planners are usually hired by developers, private property owners, private planning firms and local/regional governments to assist in the large-scale planning of communal and commercial developments, as well as public facilities and transportation systems. Urban planners in the public role often assist the public and serve as technical advisors in the complex web of the community's political environment. Related disciplines include community, cultural, environmental, historic preservation, housing, regional and transportation planning.
By country/ institutions.
Australia.
Urban planners in Australia typically graduate from a Planning Institute Australia (PIA) certified course provided by universities across all states and territories. Such courses are generally Bachelors degrees of four years duration, although there are also Masters degrees and Postgraduate Diplomas available.
Canada.
Professional urban planners are recognized by the Canadian Institute of Planners (CIP). The CIP represents a membership of approximately 7000 planning professionals across Canada. Urban planners in Canada usually hold bachelor's degrees in planning or a Master's degree typically accredited as an M.Pl, MUP (Master of Urban Planning) MCP (Master of City Planning), MScPl, MES (Master of Environmental Studies) or simply an MA. Planners primarily work in the public service and the private sector, in a wide variety of fields including land use planning, environmental resource management, land development, heritage conservation, social planning, transportation planning and economic development. [http://www.cip-icu.ca/web/la/en/default.asp]
Greece.
Urban planners in Greece typically graduate from Engineering faculties. Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and University of Thessaly are the two universities that provide undergraduate studies in urban planning in Greece
India.
Though planning is not a recognized profession under Indian law, the profession began in 1941 with the School of Planning and Architecture as a Department of Architecture of Delhi Polytechnic. It was later integrated with the School of Town and Country Planning which was established in 1955 by the Government of India to provide facilities for rural, urban and regional planning. On integration, the school was renamed as School of Planning and Architecture in 1959. Today, it is one of the premier schools of pursuing planning studies at bachelor, masters and post doctorate levels.
The Institute of Town Planners, India (ITPI), set up on the lines of the Royal Town Planning Institute in London is the body representing planning professionals in India. A small group formed itself into an Indian Board of Town Planners which after three years of continuous work formed the ITPI. The institute, which was established in July 1951, today, has a membership of over 2800, apart from a sizable number of student members, many of whom have qualified Associateship Examination (AITP) conducted by ITPI. As of 2012, the institute has 21 regional chapters across India.
Israel.
The Israel Planners Association was founded in 1965. Urban planning is taught by the Technion Faculty of Architecture and Urban Planning in Haifa and the Center for Urban and Regional Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Mexico.
Urban planners in Mexico typically graduate from an Architecture background provided by major universities in the country. Most of such degrees can be awarded at Masters' graduate studies, although there are also Bachelors degrees available.
New Zealand.
A professional postgraduate Masters in Planning degree from an institution accredited by the New Zealand Planning Institute [http://www.nzplanning.co.nz/Education-And-Careers/default.asp] is required to become a professional planner. The University of Otago has a good reputation for their Planning programs. Graduates are employed by many planning and planning-related agencies in the public and the private sectors, including district and regional councils, urban development, regional health authorities, the Department of Conservation, the Ministry for the Environment, and urban design consultancies. New Zealand planners are recognized internationally with many working abroad in developed and developing countries.
South Africa.
The South African Council for Planners (SACPLAN) is the statutory Council of nominated members appointed in terms of the Planning Profession Act, 2002 (Act 36 of 2002) by the Minister of Rural Development and Land Reform (Department of Rural Development and Land Reform) to regulate the Planning Profession(Planning is both the organisational process of creating and maintaining a plan) in terms of the Act. The Planning Profession Principles applies to all registered planners. The SACPLAN through the Act assures quality in the planning profession through the identification of planning profession work that only registered planners can undertake. The functions of the SACPLAN are contained in Section 7 of the Act. The powers and duties of the SACPLAN are contained in Section 8 of the Act. The Act further prescribes a Professional Code of Conduct for registered planners 
United Kingdom.
Those wishing to be a town or country planner, in the United Kingdom, first must complete a degree in a relevant discipline and then complete a final year in the form of a masters in town and country planning which must be accredited by the Royal Town Planning Institute (RTPI), or a four year degree encapsulating all aspects. they can then become eligible to be a member of the RTPI, but must first complete two years work based training, to be a full member.
Town planners in the UK are responsible for all aspects of the built environment, wherever you are within the UK a town and country planner will have at sometime planned the built aspects of the environment. They (Local Planning Authorities) grant planning permission (consent) to individuals, private builders and corporations and also aid local government with their decisions.
United States.
Planners in the U.S. typically complete an undergraduate or graduate degree from a University offering the program of study. Professional certification is only offered through the American Institute of Certified Planners (AICP), a branch of the American Planning Association. To gain AICP certification, a planner must meet specific educational and experience requirements, as well as pass an exam covering the nature and practice of the discipline. Although AICP certification is not required to be a practicing planner, it does serve as a means in which a planner can verify his or her professional expertise.
Specialisations.
As more pronounced issues have arose with the development of larger cities, the scope of work within urban planning has diversified. The following are specializations within the field of urban planning:
All planners deal with land use, space and place, but they provide different viewpoints towards the planning of the built environment. For instance, in planning for a neighbourhood centre, the economic development planner would suggest locations that are economically viable and would be subjected to a steady flow of potential customers. He or she would analyse statistics and projections like the floor-space needed, where the customers are to be drawn from, location of competitors and so forth. The urban designer will come in and suggest principles that make the neighbourhood centre 'liveable', including how to ensure safety in design, design guidelines for developers, and so forth. The infrastructure and transport planner would ensure the efficient provision of basic infrastructure services, including water, electricity and sewerage needed for the smooth running of the businesses, as well as plan for basic public transport services or delineate out cycling paths.
Education and training.
"See Urban planning education for a discussion of this topic."

</doc>
<doc id="21502802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502802" title="Peter R. Holm">
Peter R. Holm

Peter Røwde Holm ( born 5 April 1931) is a Norwegian poet, author and translator. Holm has also worked as an observer at the United Nations' arms control and disarmament conferences. Ever since his writing debut in 1955, he has held an important position in Norwegian poetry. He has also published prose and written articles on foreign policy matters.

</doc>
<doc id="21502871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502871" title="Lake Major, Nova Scotia">
Lake Major, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21502911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502911" title="Mitchell Bay, Nova Scotia">
Mitchell Bay, Nova Scotia

Mitchell Bay is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21502951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502951" title="Ascent (journal)">
Ascent (journal)

Ascent is an American literary magazine that publishes stories, poems, and essays, many of which are later reprinted in annual anthologies. The journal is based at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota. 
The journal was originally founded in 1975 at the University of Illinois by Daniel Curley. In 1996, essayist and English scholar W. Scott Olsen became the editor-in-chief. The journal moved to an online format in 2010, where it will reach a wider audience for its award-winning authors. 
Recent notable contributors include Victoria Anderson, Jacob M. Appel, Karen Brown, Peter Chilson, Leo Damrosch, Philip Heldrich, Michael Martone, Sarah Baker Michalak and Marjorie Stelmach. 

</doc>
<doc id="21502955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502955" title="Caught in the Crowd">
Caught in the Crowd

"Caught in the Crowd" is the second single to be lifted from Kate Miller-Heidke's second album "Curiouser". It was written by Kate Miller-Heidke and Keir Nuttall. Initially, it only charted at 54 on the Physical Singles Chart but when it was later released as a digital download, it reached 33 on the official charts, but only spent a week within the top 50. Since its re-release, it has earned gold accreditation in Australia.
Behind the song.
On Miller-Heidke's's official website she states, "Caught in the Crowd is a different kind of song, with a double tug of the heart-string behind the gentle texture of music, and the recognisably real story of a lingering childhood regret." As discovered on the official forum, the song had a working title of "Song for Elton".
International songwriting competition.
In April 2009 Kate Miller-Heidke and Keir Nuttall were awarded the $US25,000 Grand Prize in the 2008 International Songwriting Competition for their composition "Caught in the Crowd".
Music video.
The video starts in a laboratory with Heidke looking through the room with a flashlight. She pulls the sheet off a piece of equipment and tears out a drawing of a boy in a notebook. She drops it into some liquid chemicals and the drawing comes to life. Through the drawings in the notebook, we see flashbacks telling the story of the song.
The music video was filmed in the Brisbane Grammar School Science Block, in lab 8, Brisbane.
Video competition.
"Caught in the Crowd" was the subject of a 2009 schools video competition, in which students were invited to highlight the issue of bullying by producing a music video for the song. The competition was promoted through social networking site MySpace and "The Daily Telegraph", and was supported by the NSW Department of Education & Training and Kids Help Line.
Digital release.
A digital version of the physical CD single was released on 20 February 2009 which features the same tracks along with an additional track, "Kid on a Leash", on the iTunes release. 
A separate digital single was released after the song won Miller-Heidke and partner Keir Nuttall first prize at the International Songwriting Competition. Two songs, different to the physical release, accompanied "Caught in the Crowd" on the digital release. It included the previously unreleased song, "Are You Fucking Kidding Me?", recorded at one of her concerts on the Caught in the Crowd Tour. Due to the potential confusion between the two releases, the initial release is named "Caught In the Crowd - EP" on Miller-Heidke's iTunes Store.
Re-issue.
On 25 September 2009, in an interview with French musical magazine "Hall-Musique", Kate announced that "Caught in the Crowd" would be re-released after "The Last Day on Earth".
Since being re-released, "Caught in the Crowd" has re-entered the chart and mainly dwelled in the 40's and 30's, and did not chart above its original peak of 33. The Re-issue was certified Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="21502956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502956" title="Murphy Cove, Nova Scotia">
Murphy Cove, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21502965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502965" title="Per Brunvand">
Per Brunvand

Per Brunvand (born 11 May 1937) is a Norwegian newspaper editor.
He was born in Kristiansand as the son of Olav Brunvand. He worked as a journalist from 1957, in Arbeidernes Pressekontor, "Fremtiden" and "Arbeiderbladet". From 1970 to 1975 he was the editor-in-chief of "Rogalands Avis", and from 1975 to 1991 he held the same position in "Arbeiderbladet". 1970-75. In 1992 he was hired as a press counsellor at the Norwegian embassy in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="21502991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502991" title="Michael Rizzitello">
Michael Rizzitello

Michael Anthony Rizzitello (March 15, 1929 – October 26, 2005), also known as "Mike Rizzi", was an Italian American mobster in the Los Angeles crime family. Rizzitello's criminal record stretched back to 1947. He was also featured in several biography novels by mobsters-turned-informants Jimmy Fratianno ("The Last Mafioso" and "Vengeance Is Mine"), Anthony Fiato ("The Animal in Hollywood"), and Kenny Gallo ("Breakshot").
Early life.
Rizzitello was born in Montreal, Canada on March 29, 1927. He later moved to New York City and became associated with organized crime. He worked for "Crazy Joe" Gallo in the 1950s who was a member of the Profaci crime family (later named the Colombo crime family). When Gallo attempted to take over the crime family Rizzitello was one of his gunman. In 1956 Rizzitello moved to California.
Los Angeles.
In 1962, he was arrested for a string of armed robberies of restaurants and businesses in the Hollywood area and served nine years in prison. In 1970 he met William Carroll at Chino prison. The two became quick friends. During his time in Los Angeles, he became associated with the Los Angeles crime family. He became involved in illegal gambling, loan sharking, fraud, and extortion. On June 6, 1976 Rizzitello became a made man. Instead of the traditional ceremony of induction, Rizzitello became a made man in the back of a car with 3 other people present. These men were consigliere Frank Bompensiero, acting boss Aladena "Jimmy the Weasel" Fratianno and co-acting boss Louis Tom Dragna. Rizzitello quickly moved up in the family and was promoted to caporegime by acting boss Fratianno a year later in 1977.
In 1976, Rizzitello was arrested and convicted of insurance fraud and was subsequently arrested and acquitted of strong-arming an acquaintance over a gambling debt. In 1977, he was arrested in a mail-billing scheme and convicted. He was sentenced to three years total for the two convictions.
In 1977 Rizzitello was charged with extortion and filing a false insurance claim. Rizzitello pled no contest on May 2, 1977 to one count of insurance fraud. A second grand theft charge was dismissed. On May 22, 1977 he was sentenced to serve 2 to 3 years in state prison, but was allowed to remain free after a $20,000 bond was secured. Rizzitello quickly became well respected and a huge earner for the family. In the 1970s, the Chicago Outfit sent Rizzitello to pressure a casio owner into giving the Outfit $1,000,000. However, the FBI was tipped off by Fratianno and intervened in the incident. When Dominic Brooklier had Rizzietllo set up to kill Jimmy Fratianno, Fatianno turned state's evidence and testified against his fellow mobsters. Rizzitello was put on trial for conspiring with Fratianno to kill a government witness for Pennsylvania crime boss Russell Bufalino, but was acquitted.
In 1978 Rizzitello was convicted of racketeering and extortion. He was sentenced to five years in prison and was paroled in 1986. When was released he went on trial again for charges that he tried to defraud a Montana firm in a fraudulent transfer of stock. Again Rizzitello was acquitted. In 1987, was put on trial again; this time charged with trying to market $1 million in stolen bonds. For the third straight time he was acquitted.
By the time Rizzitello was released in the 1980s Peter Milano became the new boss of the Los Angeles crime family. While they worked together in the 1970s, they had a distant relationship. Rizzitello went to the Gambino crime family in New York City to seek permission to start his own crime family in California, but it never came to be. However, he was able to run an independent crew under Milano's family. Rizzitello worked closely with and schooled Anthony Fiato in the 1980s, before Fiato decided to cooperate with the FBI. In 1988 Rizzitello was blacklisted from every casino in Las Vegas due to his involvement in crime and specifically illegal gambling in the city. Rizzitello collected markers for Las Vegas casinos, from his base of operation in Beverly Hills.
Murder conviction.
On May 1, 1987, Rizzitello shot his old friend William Carroll in Costa Mesa. Despite being shot three times in the head, Carroll miraculously survived, although he was permanently blinded from the incident. After pointing the gun at the back of Carroll's head he said "This is for not letting us eat" and shot him three times. Rizzitello attempted to kill Carrol for not sharing in on the profits of The Mustang Club, a Santa Ana nightclub. A month later, Rizzitello was back in prison for violating his parole by associating with known criminals. He remained in Los Angeles Terminal Island for nine months. Initially, Carroll refused to tell authorities who shot him. When the FBI offered to dismiss federal charges against Carroll in October 1988, he named Rizzitello and another man, Joey Grosso, as his attackers. Rizzitello was found guilty of attempted murder and was sentenced to 33 years in prison. During his stay in prison, he repeatedly refused to cooperate with the authorities to receive a reduced sentence, upholding the code of Omertà. Rizzitello died of complications of cancer at the age of 78 on October 26, 2005, in Palm Springs, California. He was still in custody at the time of his death. Rizzitello was interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California. He was survived by his six children, fifteen grandchildren, and two great grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21502995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21502995" title="Myers Point, Nova Scotia">
Myers Point, Nova Scotia

References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21503010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503010" title="Versailles Cuban restaurants in California">
Versailles Cuban restaurants in California

Versailles is a chain of five Cuban cuisine restaurants in Los Angeles, California, USA. The first restaurant in this chain opened in 1981 in West Los Angeles, specifically in Culver City on Venice Blvd.
Description.
According to Max Jacobson:
Versailles serves dishes including "Moors and Christians" (as black beans with white rice are called), "ropa vieja" (a stringy beef stew), "eastin lechón" (suckling pig with sliced onions), as well as beef tongue, sautéed ox tail, halibut in garlic sauce, and roast chicken in Mojo sauce. The restaurant's "trademark" is the garlic sauce it serves on its shredded roast pork and chicken. In a guide to law schools, the Versailles near UCLA is called a favorite and restaurant critic Jonathan Gold wrote in "Counter Intelligence" that "everybody but me" adores the chicken, black beans, avocado salad and other offerings. The"Resident Tourist" guide calls it a "Cuban-cuisine dream of a local chain that is good and cheap.". Meals are commonly served with rice, black beans and fried plantains.
British actress Helen Mirren described an ideal weekend in Los Angeles as going to the beach and having dinner at Versailles.
As of 2009 there were five locations including the original in Culver City on Venice Blvd., and additional branches in Los Angeles on La Cienega Boulevard (), Encino, Manhattan Beach, and Universal City Citywalk.

</doc>
<doc id="21503050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503050" title="Sambro Creek, Nova Scotia">
Sambro Creek, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21503066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503066" title="Xuzhou Normal University">
Xuzhou Normal University

Jiangsu Normal University
Jiangsu Normal University () is a national university located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, China.
History.
The university was established in 1952 as the Jiangsu Wuxi Business Cadre School. In 1956, the Chinese Ministry of Education granted permission for the school to become a higher education institution. Its name was changed to Jiangsu Normal Academy. In 1958, the Jiangsu Normal Academy relocated to Xuzhou city. In 1959, Xuzhou Normal Academy was merged with Jiangsu Normal Academy and became the Xuzhou Normal College. In 1989, the Second Xuzhou Normal Academy (originally founded in 1984) was merged into Xuzhou Normal College. In 1996, Chinese Ministry of Education approved the college to upgrade to university. It was renamed as Xuzhou Normal University. In 1999, the State Coal Bureau's Xuzhou Industrial College merged into Xuzhou Normal University. This allowed the university to become a comprehensive university with specializations in engineering and sciences.
Teaching Staff.
There are 1358 full-time teachers, including 218 professors, 445 assistant professors, and 313 doctors. Moreover, there are 2 academicians of Chinese Academy of Sciences, 1 committee member of the Chinese Academy of social.

</doc>
<doc id="21503105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503105" title="WikID">
WikID

WikID is a semantic industrial design engineering reference wiki, originally started in 2008 by the Faculty of Industrial Design Engineering at the Delft University of Technology. WikID is a design tool, offering information in a compact manner tailored to its user group, being the Industrial Designers.
In WikID the domain of Industrial Design Engineering may be browsed from three angles:
Design methods.
The category Design Methods include design theories, design methods and design techniques. These techniques are for example creativity techniques or techniques to create the design goal or techniques to evaluate product features in a product design.
Design aspects.
The category Design Aspects include the aspects usually found in lists of requirements for product designs. These aspects are (not limited to) ergonomics, production techniques, aesthetics, product safety, sustainability, energy techniques, costs, materials, logistics, marketing, interaction, quality.
Product domains.
A Product Domain is the domain in which the to be designed product will be used. This may be an office environment, kitchen environment, a medical domain, and more.
References.
Vroom, R.W., Van 't Ende, J.J., Jelierse, R., Olieman, A.M., and Kooijman, A. (2009)
Creating a Community Base for WikID; an Industrial Design Engineering Wiki.
In: J. Malins (Ed.), "Design Connexity : Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference of the European Academy of Design" (pp. 464–469). (AED 2009), Aberdeen: Gray's School of Art, The Robert Gordon University.

</doc>
<doc id="21503110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503110" title="Salmon River Bridge, Nova Scotia">
Salmon River Bridge, Nova Scotia

Salmon River Bridge is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. Local businesses include the Salmon River Country Inn and Shaun's Cafe and Convenience. 

</doc>
<doc id="21503160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503160" title="Spry Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Spry Harbour, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21503173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503173" title="Divarilima">
Divarilima

Divarilima is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams.

</doc>
<doc id="21503212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503212" title="Flames over Treasures">
Flames over Treasures

Flames over Treasures (, and also known as "Flames on the Treasures"), is a 1988 Romanian film produced by Romania Film and directed by Nicolae Margineanu from a script by Ion Agârbiceanu from Agârbiceanu's novel "Archangels." It concerns a gold mine in Romania reported to be haunted. It stars Mircea Albulescu, Claudiu Bleonț, Magda Catone, Remus Margineanu, Valentin Uritescu and Melania Ursu. 
Flacăra pe Comori won the Prize for Direction at the Romanian National Film Festival, Costinesti, 1987. The film is released in the United States on DVD and VHS by Ager Film, a company dedicated to releasing Romanian films for home video.

</doc>
<doc id="21503217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503217" title="The Elvis Brothers">
The Elvis Brothers

The Elvis Brothers were a power pop trio (and sometimes quartet) that got its start in Champaign, Illinois, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and universally regarded as one of the best trios ever to emerge from Champaign. The members were Rob Elvis (guitar, vocals), Graham Elvis (bass, vocals) and Brad Elvis (drums). The band released two albums with Portrait Records: "Movin' Up" in 1983, and "Adventure Time" in 1985. In 1992, they released an album called "Now Dig This" on Recession Records.
After the Elvis Brothers broke up, Brad Elvis replaced Clem Burke as the drummer for The Romantics.

</doc>
<doc id="21503224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503224" title="Olav Brunvand">
Olav Brunvand

Olav Arnold Brunvand (7 January 1912 – 15 February 1988) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Kristiansand as a son of tailor Olav Brunvand, Sr. (1878–1944) and Anna Olsen (1878–1952). In 1936 he married Åsta Bergliot Strømme (1915–1988). His father was a Social Democratic ballot candidate in the Market towns of Vest-Agder and Rogaland counties for the 1921 general election but was not elected.
He worked as a journalist in "Sørlandet" from 1934, and in "Bergens Arbeiderblad" from 1939. These newspapers belonged to the Labour Party, and were thus subject to repression during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany from 1940 to 1945; Brunvand was imprisoned by the Germans from 1941 to 1945. He was arrested in October 1941, spent time in Ulven concentration camp in November before being sent via Bergen to Hamburg-Fuhlsbüttel in December. In August 1943 he was transferred to Rendsburg, later to Dreibergen. During his stay in German prisons he made notes which were later published in newspaper articles, and issued in 1968 as the book "Smil og tårer i tukthus". The manuscript was written on toilet paper and smuggled out by Hiltgunt Zassenhaus, who buried it and sent it to Brunvand after he had returned to Bergen in 1945. 
In 1945 he was promoted to subeditor in "Bergens Arbeiderblad". He was then the editor and manager of the news agency Arbeidernes Pressekontor from 1949 to 1952 and 1954 to 1978. From 1952 to 1954 he served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Defence as a part of the Labour cabinet Torp.
He was the father of Per Brunvand.

</doc>
<doc id="21503234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503234" title="Ten Mile Lake, Nova Scotia">
Ten Mile Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21503345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503345" title="Barkhouse Settlement, Nova Scotia">
Barkhouse Settlement, Nova Scotia

the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. 
References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21503356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503356" title="Xuzhou Medical College">
Xuzhou Medical College

Xuzhou Medical College () is a national university located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, China.
History.
The university was established in 1958 as the Jiangsu Provincial Medical School. Initially, it was the Xuzhou branch of the Nanjing Medical College. In 1959, Xinhailian Academy was merged into the university. In 1960 the school was official changed to the Xuzhou Medical College. In 2000, Xuzhou Health School was merged into the college effectively becoming a comprehensive medical university.
Distinctive Subjects.
Anesthesia subject in Xuzhou Medical College has enjoyed great reputation since its establishment.It is one of the most essential subjects selected by Jiangsu Government and China Education Department.
The Department of Anatomic Pathology of the Xuzhou Medical College is currently developing an international reputation through academic ties with surgical and translational pathologists in the United States and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="21503361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503361" title="Etcetc">
Etcetc

Etcetc Records is an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia. Focusing on signing, developing, and distributing music from a small selection of career artists, etcetc is the home to alternative and electronic bands PNAU, Mission Control, Lost Valentinos and Jump Jump Dance Dance. It is also the Australian home of different releases such as Mylo's "Destroy Rock & Roll" and The Knife's "Deep Cuts".
etcetc is manufactured and marketed in Australia and New Zealand by Universal Music Australia and operates with various international partners outside of its home territory.
History.
Founded as a company in August 2008 by Andrew Jackson, Tim McGee and Richard Mergler, etcetc was originally launched in March 2007 as a trading name within the Ministry of Sound Australia business to focus on artist album projects until becoming fully independent.
In 2004 when Jackson was A&R / Recordings Manager for Ministry of Sound Australia, he signed Mylo's "Destroy Rock & Roll" to the label. Released through EMI Australia, who Ministry were distributed by at the time, the album went on to achieve Gold status in Australia (currently awaiting ARIA certification). Later licenses included The Knife's "Deep Cuts" and critically acclaimed follow-up "Silent Shout" (named the #1 Album of the Year in 2006 by alternative media site Pitchfork Media), WhoMadeWho's self-titled debut, and Jenny Wilson's "Love & Youth".
In March 2007 after a successful run of album projects, Jackson and McGee decided to create a dedicated brand for these releases, named etcetc. The first release under the new brand was Digitalism's "Idealism", in partnership with Virgin Music to whom the band were signed worldwide.
In December 2007, Ministry of Sound Australia and etcetc changed distribution partners from EMI Australia to Universal Music Australia. The first release on etcetc through Universal was the self-titled comeback album from PNAU (a.k.a. Nick Littlemore and Peter Mayes, who later went on to produce the hugely successful Empire of the Sun album). Having signed the Sydney duo in 2007 and spending almost a year bringing the album mixes to completion with the help of producer and mix engineer Sam Littlemore, etcetc released PNAU's third album in October 2007.
In February 2008, etcetc signed Melbourne band Mission Control and released their debut EP soon after. Acclaimed as “sublime, understated pop” by The Sydney Morning Herald, the EP also converted Australian youth broadcast network Triple J as fans - earning Mission Control a feature as a Next Crop artist for 2009. The accompanying film clip (for the title track) was directed by the production house Krozm. Mission Control are currently working on recording demos for their debut album for release in 2010.
In October 2008, etcetc signed Sydney band Lost Valentinos to the label and started promotion on their debut album "Cities Of Gold", produced over the previous two years in collaboration with producer Ewan Pearson. The first single was "The Bismarck" in December, released on tastemaker label Bang Gang 12 Inches, and then "Serio" in February 2009, featuring a video directed by video director Dave Ma. The single "Midnights" followed as a one-off release on Leo Silverman's boutique label Dummy, featuring remixes from Fan Death and Emperor Machine, and supported by a few select European performances received acclaim from NME, The Guardian, and frequent plays from BBC Radio One's Zane Lowe.
In September of that year, etcetc and Lost Valentinos ran a national promotion giving fans the chance to win a trip for two to Peru to discover the inspiration for the album "Cities Of Gold", to coincide with the album's release on 09.09.09. Rare gold coins were distributed at performances around Australia, pointing recipients back to the band's website to enter into a treasure hunt to win the prize. This promotion was quickly followed by another for their next single "Nightmoves". The project allowed fans to create and share their own unique music videos by recording augmented reality performances of each band member performing in their world.

</doc>
<doc id="21503366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503366" title="Kara David">
Kara David

Kara Patria David (born September 12, 1973) is a Filipino journalist and television host. She is the news anchor of "News to Go" at GMA Network, as well as a host and writer for "i-Witness". She recently began hosting "Power House". She is founder and president of Project Malasakit, a foundation that helps the people she has featured in her documentaries.
David was the only woman named in 2007’s Ten Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) award. In 2010, she was awarded the Outstanding Women in the Nation’s Service (TOWNS award). David won the Peabody Award, the second Filipino to win this award.
Biography.
Kara Patria David was born on September 12, 1973 to Professor Emeritus Randy David of the University of the Philippines Diliman and former Chairperson of the Civil Service Commission Karina Constantino-David. She graduated cum laude from the University of the Philippines, Diliman with the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Broadcast Communication. She then worked as a production assistant and researcher for GMA Network in 1995. She was promoted as writer/researcher for the program “Emergency” and hosted “Huling Hirit”, a regular two-minute segment in the daily news doing adventure-oriented and inspiring features.
David also hosted several public affairs programs such as Case Unclosed, a documentary program that investigates unsolved cases and mysteries. She hosted OFW Diaries, a public service program that reaches out to Filipino overseas workers. Currently, she is the news anchor of News To Go, a morning news program on GMANewsTV.
Documentary films.
David has almost a hundred documentaries to her name. In “Bitay” she helped stop the execution of a convict on death row. For this she was honored as Investigative Journalist of the Year by the Rotary Club of Manila. In the documentary “Selda Inosente”, David entered the world of children born and bred in prison. The film won her the UNICEF Child Rights Award, besting more than a hundred entries from all over the world.
In “Buto’t Balat” David explored the state of malnutrition in the country and the reality that extreme inequalities and the absence of a concrete and cohesive nutrition and population policy has resulted in a state not far from what occurs in Africa. For this documentary she was chosen as one of twenty finalists for the Japan Prize. She won a silver medal at the US International Film & Video Festival. It also won Best Social Awareness Program at the Asian Television Awards.
"Ambulansyang de Paa" is about the lack of access to health services of the Mangyan tribe, who live in Mindoro Oriental. David documented the plight of the Mangyans, who have to carry their sick in hammocks for eight hours just to get to the nearest hospital. This documentary won the Peabody Award. David is the second Filipino to win this recognition.
In 2007, David was chosen as one of the Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) of the country and was honored as Broadcast Journalist of the Year. In 2011, she was chosen as one the Ten Outstanding Women in the Nation’s Service (TOWNS).
Project Malasakit.
In 2002, David founded Project Malasakit – a non-stock non-profit foundation that sends poor Filipino children to school. It embarks on community outreach programs that gives food, medicine and school supplies to remote communities that do not have access to basic government service. Project Malasakit now has 15 scholars (most of them child laborers and victims of child abuse). It has helped more than 800 families through its quarterly outreach programs. David has also embarked on long-term projects for communities.
“Paraisong Uhaw”, her documentary on waterless communities in Masbate, has led to the construction of 10 water wells in the municipality of Balud. David and her Project Malasakit team also constructed a sustainable solar power facility in a community of Mangyans in Mindoro Province.

</doc>
<doc id="21503367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503367" title="W.O.A.R./W.O.A.">
W.O.A.R./W.O.A.

W.O.A.R./W.O.A. is a split 12" record released on Portland, Oregon label Holy Mountain. 
The a-side of the album features twelve short songs by Scottish art punk outfit The Country Teasers. Though the sleeve art, song format and titles are consistent with Ben Wallers' work under the name The Rebel, the music here is credited to Leighton Crook, Sophie Politowicz and Wallers. 
The b-side contains two songs by Michigan musician and one-man band Anthony Petrovic (also of The Hospitals) under the name Ezee Tiger.

</doc>
<doc id="21503372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503372" title="Scape Martinez">
Scape Martinez

Scape Martinez, born Edward Martinez in Newark, New Jersey and raised in the San Francisco Bay Area, is an artist and writer known for his abstract paintings and his graffiti art. The name "Scape" stands for Screaming Creative And Positive Energy. He currently lives and works in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Career.
Martinez began his career as a graffiti artist in the Bay Area in the late 1980s and early 1990s. In the late 1990s Martinez transitioned from street art to studio painting using spray paint and acrylics to create large scale abstract paintings.
Martinez has also recently completed a large digital mural project for the City of San Jose, CA, fabricated by SPARC (Social and Public Art Resource Center). 
Martinez is also a founding partner of the internet start-up TapSmack.com.
Books.
In 2009, Martinez wrote the book "GRAFF The Art and Technique of Graffiti", published by IMPACT Books. This book is the first "how-to" for graffiti art. The book is a guide on how to create graffiti art. Elements of graffiti style are presented in sequence, with successive images showing the development and variations of forms and styles. In 2011 Martinez wrote a sequel, "Graff 2: Next Level Graffiti Techniques" as a follow up to the earlier title with more emphasis on developing style as an artist. In 2012, Martinez published a "Graff Color Workbook" as a follow up.
In 2013, Martinez authored his fourth book "COLORMASTER". The book is a breakdown of how Martinez uses color in his current work, with a focus on abstract expressionism.

</doc>
<doc id="21503383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503383" title="Gays River">
Gays River

References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21503384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503384" title="Nandini Sahai">
Nandini Sahai

Nandini Sahai 
Present Positions.
1) Director/Chief Executive, The International Centre Goa (ICG)
The International Centre Goa is an ideational place that brings together thinkers, scholars, academicians, social activists, scientists and creative people from Goa, India and around the world to debate and discuss issues concerning the local, national and international community.
2) Founder Director (Hon.), Media Information and Communication Centre of India (MICCI).
Media Information and Communication Centre of India is committed to spearhead the development of media and dissemination of information in South Asia within the broad framework of economic, social and cultural milieu. It is mainly devoted to organizing seminars, conferences, workshops, research and publications in the field of media, with a national and international focus.
Duties and Responsibilities.
1) Both as the Director of The International Centre Goa and as the Director (Hon.) of MICCI, she has been organizing various seminars, workshops and conferences involving the civil society, students, social activists, scientists, government and media on issues like, terrorism, human development, Right to Information, community radio, social media, women in media, role of judiciary in strengthening democracy, in different parts of the country.
2) In addition to these she has also organized various other activities at The International Centre Goa, like film workshops, art camps, crafts exhibition, book reading sessions, debate competitions, talks on yoga, health, waste management and ozone therapy, workshops and demonstrations in painting, pottery and first aid.
Nandini Sahai is a distinguished development journalist with more than 35 years of experience. For her, journalism is not a profession, it’s a passion. She has always used journalism as a powerful tool for social development.
She is one of the leading Right to Information (RTI) advocates. She organized a number of public hearings, seminars and workshops for the RTI movement in India. She was also the member of the select committee representing the media in formulating the RTI Act for the Delhi Government. She has been closely associated with Aruna Roy, a Magsaysay Award winner in creating awareness among people about their rights.
She has also worked with International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims (IRCT) on issues of Torture and Human Rights. The task included sensitizing the media on torture (war/terrorism issues).
She has been committed to strengthening democracy, upliftment of marginalized people, rehabilitation and resettlement of Tsunami victims, women empowerment, protection of human rights, liberty and equality by using the power of media.
Career.
She founded MICCI with the support of some like-minded academicians, bureaucrats, media and communication experts. She is the guiding spirit of MICCI, which is enthusiastically working on a number of projects like Right to Information, Women in Media, Community Radio, Media and Social Development, Media and Disaster Management, Rural Journalism, Broadcast Bill and Youth and Media.
Before forming MICCI, she was the Country Manager of AMIC-India, a subsidiary of AMIC (Asian Media and Information Centre), a Singapore-based International NGO working in media related issues.
Media Experience.
1.Media Panel of Lok Sabha TV, DD Bharati and ND TV
2.Associate Editor for 10 years of Vidura (a quarterly Journal of Press Institute of India dealing with Media and Communications issues), and Grassroots (a monthly newspaper of Press Institute of India on Development issues). Work involved writing, editing, identifying themes/issues, commissioning articles from senior journalists/subject specialists, finalizing layout and design of Vidura and Grassroots.
3.Assistant Editor, Swagat and South Asia Travel Review (1981–1982)
4.Assistant Editor, Himachal Times
5.Editorial Assistant, Depth News India, brought out by Press Institute of India covering Development issues.
6.Trainee Journalist, Press Institute of India (1979)
Other Experiences.
1.Editorial Advisor, Printing Times, a publication of All India Federation of Master Printers
2.Media Advisor, Breastfeeding Promotion Network of India. Helped in sensitizing the media about the importance of breast feeding as compared to commercial baby foods
3.Designed a Course on “Online Journalism” for Open University, Karnataka
4.Visiting Faculty for teaching development journalism in Departments of Journalism and Mass Communication, Delhi University Colleges
5.Visiting Faculty, Indian Institute of Mass Communication, New Delhi
6.Training of mid-career journalists from Non-Aligned countries
7.Training of Senior Army Officers in communication
Publications.
1.Media and Law: A Reporter’s Handbook
2.Media and Public Interest in South Asia
3.Media and Law : A Journalists' Handbook'
4.Handbook on Right to Information, Co-Author Vishnu Rajgadia, Published by MICCI, FES-India and UNESCO in 2007
5.Practical Guide to Journalists
6.Handbook on Right to Information (Hindi version), Co-Author Vishnu Rajgadia, Published by MICCI, FES-India and UNESCO in 2008
Award.
Awarded the prestigious ‘Woman of Substance Award 2005' by Ryan Foundation for outstanding contribution towards women’s development and bringing awareness in the society about their strength and power.
See also.
Right to Information Act - RTI law in India

</doc>
<doc id="21503388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503388" title="Haris Safwan Kamal">
Haris Safwan Kamal

Mohd Haris Safwan Mohd Kamal (born 8 June 1982) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for Felda United F.C. as Forward. Haris Safwan is the former member of Malaysia U-23 team in 2003 until 2005. He also made 5 appearances during 2003 South East Asian Games in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Malaysia grabbed the bronze medal in the tournament after beating Myanmar on penalties 4-2. He also part of silver medalist winner in 2008 ASEAN University Games.
Club career.
Haris Safwan has played for Johor FC last season and scored 4 goals. Throughout his career, Haris has played with several teams including MPPJ FC, Selangor, MyTeam, T-Team and also was playing for Plus FC on loan. He was part of Selangor team that won treble trophy in 2005 season. In 2009, Haris Safwan scored 24 goals for T-Team to win the 2009 Malaysia Premier League Golden Boot.
Kelantan.
On December 3, 2012 Haris Safwan was introduced as a new player of Kelantan team by Tan Sri Annuar Musa, President of Kelantan FA. The ceremony was held in The Red Warriors Station @ K.T.C. On December 7, 2012, Haris Safwan scored one goal during his debut for Kelantan in conjunction with pre-season friendly match against Perlis. He headed the ball in after receiving a corner kick pass from Zairo Anuar Zalani minute before the match ended. Match ended Kelantan won 5-0.
International career.
He made 5 appearances during 2003 South East Asian Games in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Malaysia grabbed the bronze medal in the tournament after beating Myanmar on penalties 4-2. He also part of silver medalist winner in 2008 ASEAN University Games, held in Kuala Lumpur after being defeated by the team from Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="21503406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503406" title="Bhalji Pendharkar">
Bhalji Pendharkar

Bhalji Pendharkar was a film personality in India, and recipient of Dadasaheb Phalke Award, the most prestigious award in the field.
Early life.
Born to Radhabai and her patron Dr Gopal Pendharkar, Bhalji was related to quite a few film personalities in Indian film industry. His elder brother Baburao Pendharkar was a famous film personality. Other famous names in family included half-brother Master Vinayak Radhabai's son after she married Shri Karnataki, cousin V Shantaram, son of Kamalabai, Radhabai's younger sister. 
Personal life.
Bhalji had two wives. One of whom, Leela Chandragiri, acted and sang in Hindi and Marathi films in 1930s under the name Miss Leela. Bhalji's son Prabhakar Pendharkar (1933 - 2010) was associated with making of Do Aankhen Barah Haath in 1950s, wrote the book रारंगढांग, and was author-director of noteworthy documentaries. A few years before his death, Bhalji was awarded Dadasaheb Phalke Award.
Film career.
Bhalji started his career in the era of silent films. He was associated with Prabhat Film Company's earliest talkies, and also worked with other studios in hometown of Kolhapur. Later he acquired his own studio in form of Jayprabha Studio and became a film producer and director. He also write lyrics for some film songs in Marathi. His more famous films are: Netaji Palkar, Thoratanchi Kamala, Chhatrapati Shivaji, Mohityanchi Manjula, Maratha Tututka Melvava, Sadhi Manse, Tambdi Maati. Hindi: Maharathi Karna, Valimi, Chhatrapati Shivaji.
Ganimi Kawa 
He has directed following list of successful movies.
1925 Bajirao Mastani
1927 Vande Mataram Ashram 
1931 Rani Rupmati 
1932/II Shyam Sundar 
1932/I Shyam Sundar 
1934/I Akashwani 
1934/II Akashwani 
1934/II Partha Kumar 
1934/I Partha Kumar 
1935 Kalia Mardan 
1935 Muraliwala 
1936 Rukmani Kalyanam 
1936 Savitri 
1937 Kanhopatra 
1938/II Raja Gopichand 
1938/I Raja Gopichand 
1939 Netaji Palkar 
1940 Alakh Niranjan 
1940 Gorakhnath 
1941 Thoratanchi Kamla 
1942 Bhakta Damaji 
1942 Soonbai 
1943 Bahirji Naik 
1944 Maharathi Karna 
1944 Swarna Bhoomi 
1946/I Valmiki 
1946 Sasurvaas 
1949 Meeth Bhakar 
1950 Mee Daru Sodli 
1950 Shilanganache Sone 
1952/I Chhatrapati Shivaji 
1952/II Chhatrapati Shivaji 
1953 Mazi Zameen 
1954 Maharani Yesubai 
1955 Yere Majhya Maglya 
1956 Pavankhind 
1957 Naikinicha Sazza 
1959 Akashganga 
1963 Mohityanchi Manjula 
1964 Maratha Tituka Melvava 
1965 Sadhi Manse 
1969 Tambdi Maati 
He also wrote following film which very successful 
1939 Netaji Palkar (writer) 
1937 Kanhopatra 
1934/I Akashwani (screenplay / story) 
1934/II Akashwani (screenplay / story) 
1932/I Shyam Sundar (screenplay / story) 
1932/II Shyam Sundar (screenplay / story) 
1927 Vande Mataram Ashram 
1925 Bajirao Mastani
As producer, he has produced two film 
1939 Netaji Palkar (producer) 
1927 Vande Mataram Ashram (producer) 
and finally he acted in one film
1924 Prithvi Vallabh

</doc>
<doc id="21503418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503418" title="Carson Fagan">
Carson Fagan

Carson Fagan (born 1 May 1982) is a Caymanian international football player who plays as a midfielder for East End United in the Cayman Islands League.
Fagan made his international debut for the Cayman Islands against Cuba in the 4–0 World Cup 2002 qualifier on 5 March 2000.
He had a trial with English club Bolton Wanderers in March 2000 along with fellow Cayman Island players Frederick Wilks and Kevin James but after a reserve team appearance against Everton was not given a contract.

</doc>
<doc id="21503438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503438" title="Lophocampa argentata">
Lophocampa argentata

The Silverspotted Tiger Moth ("Lophocampa argentata") is a species of moth in the family Arctiidae. Larvae of this moth utilize numerous host plants in western North America, notably including the Douglas-fir.

</doc>
<doc id="21503450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503450" title="1926 Duluth Eskimos season">
1926 Duluth Eskimos season

The 1926 Duluth Eskimos season was their fourth in the league and first season as the Eskimos. The team improved on their previous output of 0–3, winning six games. They finished eighth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21503465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503465" title="John Townley">
John Townley

John Townley (born 1945) is a musician who was a member of the folk-rock group The Magicians from 1965-66. After The Magicians "disappeared", Townley built the first 12-track recording studio in New York, Apostolic Studios, which opened in 1967 and which was often used by Frank Zappa. A naval historian, he is the founding president of the Confederate Naval Historical Society. He performs maritime music professionally and has recorded several albums in that genre. He has been part of several sea shanty bands, including the "X-Seamen" and "The Press Gang" He is also a professional astrologer, has published eight books on the subject, and was a former president of the renowned Astrologers’ Guild of America.

</doc>
<doc id="21503471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503471" title="Joe Gardi">
Joe Gardi

Joseph Gardi (c. 1939 – June 3, 2010) was an American football coach. He served sixteen years as the head coach for the Hofstra University football team.
Early life.
Gardi was born in Harrison, New Jersey where he attended Harrison High School. While there, he was named a first-team all-state offensive guard as a senior in 1955.
He attended the University of Maryland, where he played football from 1959 to 1960 as an offensive tackle and linebacker. He served as a team co-captain and received the Unsung Hero Award. He graduated with a bachelor of science degree in business administration.
In 1960, he was signed by the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He played in two pre-season games before being released. In 1961, he attended camp with the Buffalo Bills, but did not make the team.
Coaching career.
High school.
In 1964, he was hired as the head football coach for the Oratory Preparatory School in Summit, New Jersey. The team had lost 37 consecutive games prior to Gardi's arrival. In his first season, they again recorded a winless season with a 0–9 record. The following years he compiled 6–3 and 5–4 seasons, for a combined 11–16 record. In 1967, he took over as head coach at Roselle Park High School. That team had not secured a winning season in the previous decade. In his first season Gardi's team compiled a 2–7 record, followed by 6–3 and 9–0 records. In 1969, he coached the team to the New Jersey state championship.
Maryland.
In 1970, Gardi returned to his alma mater to assume the roles of assistant head coach for the freshman team and recruiting coordinator. That year, he was responsible for recruiting future star quarterback, Bob Avellini. In 1972, he was promoted to the offensive line coach. In 1973, after new head coach Jerry Claiborne took over at Maryland, he retained Gardi and moved him to wide receivers coach.
Professional football.
In 1974, Gardi began a tenure in the short-lived World Football League. He served as a running backs coach, special teams coach, and interim head coach for the Philadelphia Bell. In 1975, he served as head coach for the Portland Thunder for three games before the league disbanded.
Gardi then served from 1976 to 1984 as an assistant coach for the New York Jets in the NFL. In 1976, he was special teams and tight ends coach under head coach Lou Holtz. Gardi served as special teams and linebackers coach from 1977 to 1980. In 1981 and 1982, he was the defensive coordinator under head coach Walt Michaels. In his first year running the defense, the Jets allowed 304 yards per game, a conference best, and posted 66 tackles, the highest in the NFL. The following season, the Jets participated in the AFC Championship Game, where they lost to the Miami Dolphins. In 1983, Gardi was also named assistant head coach to Joe Walton.
From 1985 to 1990, Gardi served as an NFL assistant supervisor of officials, which included training and supervision of the league's officiating staff.
Hofstra.
He returned to coaching in 1990 when he took the head position at Hofstra University. In his first season, he led his team to a 10–0 regular season and advanced to the Division III playoffs, where they lost in the semifinals. In 1991, Hofstra began the transition process to Division I-AA competition, and played six I-AA opponents and recorded an 8–2 record. The following season they played seven I-AA opponents and compiled a 4–6 record. The 1993 season was Hofstra's first as a full-fledged Division I team, and Gardi's team posted a 6–3–1 record. In 1994, they finished 8–1–1 and were ranked 22nd in the nation. In 1995, Hofstra lost in the first round of the playoffs to finish with a 10–2 record and a number-ten national ranking. In both 1998 and 1999, Hofstra again advanced to the I-AA quarterfinals, and finished with a fifth and seventh ranking, respectively. Hofstra was an Atlantic 10 Conference co-championship and top-ten ranked team in 2001. The 2005 season was Gardi's last and he finished his career at Hofstra having compiled a 119–62–2 record.
Later life.
He retired from coaching for good after the 2005 season. Gardi died on June 3, 2010 from complications related to an earlier stroke. During his coaching career, he had helped develop future NFL players such as Wayne Chrebet, Lance Schulters, Marques Colston, Willie Colon, and Raheem Morris.

</doc>
<doc id="21503475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503475" title="Momversation">
Momversation

Momversation is a website and online video series produced by DECA, the Digital Entertainment Corporation of America. The show, which officially launched on November 12, 2008, consists of mom bloggers discussing issues pertinent to women and parenting. Momversation's website contains videos, forums, and a blog. 
Description.
Momversation videos are discussions among a rotating cast of moms and dads who blog. Past topics have included circumcision, breastfeeding, and homeschooling, and the show occasionally brings on guests, such as Lisa Belkin of the New York Times and Nancy O'Dell of Access Hollywood. Regular contributors to the Momversation show include Heather Armstrong of the website Dooce, Alice Bradley, Daphne Brogdon, Asha Dornfest, Jessica Gottlieb, Giyen Kim, Dana Loesch, Maggie Mason, Mindy Roberts, Heather Spohr, Karen Walrond, and Rebecca Woolf.
Every Monday and Thursday new videos are posted with a topic pertaining to moms. Three or four of the panelists talk about the topic and then it is discussed more in the comments. 
Some of the Momversation panelists were guests on The Oprah Winfrey Show.

</doc>
<doc id="21503476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503476" title="Morgram">
Morgram

Morgram (also spelt Moregram) is a village and gram panchayat under Sagardighi community development block and police station in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography.
Morgram is located at 
Villages in Morgram gram panchayat are: Morgram, Dumaipur, Gangadda, Udaynagar, Sitalpara, Kharugram, Buzrak Fatepur, Pauli, Thakurpara, Ekrakhi, Bhola, Kaiar, Saorail, Gokulta, Chak Mathurpur, Surjyapur, Bhurkunda, and Nachna. 
Demographics.
Morgram had a population of 3,454 out of which 1,971 belonged to scheduled castes.
Transport.
Morgam is on NH 34. Panagarh–Morgram Highway meets NH 34 at Morgram.

</doc>
<doc id="21503496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503496" title="Kal Bhairab Temple, Brahmanbaria">
Kal Bhairab Temple, Brahmanbaria

Kal Bhairab Temple () is a Hindu temple, dedicated to the God Shiva, located in Medda in the Brahmanbaria district of Bangladesh. The temple is famed for the giant Shivalinga, a 28-feet tall Shiva statue assumed to be the largest in the world. Though the Hindu Lord Shiva, who is called the Kal Bhairab is the main attraction, Goddess Kali is also worshipped there. The statue of Kali is situated on the right side of the Kal Bhairab and the statue of the Goddess Saraswati is placed on the left. The temple is a major pilgrimage place for Shaivites in Bangladesh.
History.
The temple dates back to the 19th century. It is said that approximately 200 years ago a sculptor named Durgacharan Acharjee saw a dream which motivated and influenced him to make preparations to build the statue from soil. Noor Muhammad, the famous landlord of Sarail donated the land to build this temple.
Location.
Before the Brahmanbaria city was established, Medda was the market located beside the famous Titas river. This market is almost 300 years old. Durgacharan first built this statue by the bank of the river with soil. Regular prayers were held by the local fans until 1971.
The Damage and at Present.
During the Bangladesh Liberation War the Pakistani soldiers damaged and looted a lot of Hindu temples in Bangladesh. This temple was one of the damaged temples. The soldiers damaged the parts of this statue using dynamite. Later the statue was made again. It took four years to build this statue again but it reached the height of 24 feet. The current statue is made of stone.
Prayers and Management.
Both regular and annual prayers are held. People from different regions come to visit this temple. This place is also referred as one of the tourist attractions of the Brahmanbaria district. There are management committees to look after the temple. The giant statue of the Shiva is mostly locked for maintenance issues. The Government of Bangladesh looks after the charges for maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="21503500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503500" title="Malay Falls, Nova Scotia">
Malay Falls, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21503513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503513" title="Divarilima sydneyensis">
Divarilima sydneyensis

Divarilima sydneyensis is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams. It is the type species of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="21503517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503517" title="Aki-Imuro Station">
Aki-Imuro Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503539" title="Nuno Station">
Nuno Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503546" title="Hans Goksøyr">
Hans Goksøyr

Hans Goksøyr (born 10 February 1923) is a Norwegian businessperson in the petroleum industry.
He was born in Eidsvoll, and took his secondary education at Oslo Cathedral School in 1943. He then enrolled in the Royal Norwegian Air Force in-exile in Canada, serving in World War II. After the war he returned to Norway, enrolling at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1946. He graduated in 1951, and then worked as a research assistant and fellow until 1954. In 1955 he was hired in Shell Norway, advancing to director of planning, public relations and environment in his later career. He left Shell in 1984, and was secretary-general in the Norwegian Petroleum Institute from 1985 to 1989.
Goksøyr is also an amateur painter, and in 1954 he was represented with two works at the national Autumn Exhibit, Høstutstillingen. Other hobbies include golf and giving lectures. He settled at Nesøya in 1963, is married and has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="21503550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503550" title="Ogauchi Station">
Ogauchi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503561" title="Language game">
Language game

A language game (also called secret language or ludling or argot) is a system of manipulating spoken words to render them incomprehensible to the untrained ear. Language games are used primarily by groups attempting to conceal their conversations from others. Some common examples are Pig Latin, which is used all over the globe; the Gibberish family, prevalent in the United States and Sweden; and Verlan, spoken in France.
A common difficulty with language games is that they are usually passed down orally.
While written translations can be made, they are often imperfect, and thus spelling can vary widely.
Some factions argue that words in these spoken tongues should simply be written the way they are pronounced, while others insist that the purity of language demands that the transformation remain visible when the words are imparted to paper.
Use.
Language games are primarily used by children, to disguise their speech from others. Some language games, such as Pig Latin, are so widely known that privacy is nearly impossible, as most people at least know how it works, even if they can't speak it themselves. Although language games are not usually used in everyday conversation, some words from language games have made their way into normal speech, such as "ilchay" in English (from Pig Latin), and "loufoque" in French (from Louchébem).
Classification.
One way in which language games could be organized is by language, for example, Pig Latin, Ubbi Dubbi, and Tutnese could all be in the "English" category, and Jeringonza could be in the "Spanish" category.
An alternate method of classifying language games is by their function. For example, Ubbi Dubbi, Bicycle, and Allspråket all work by inserting a code syllable before the vowel in each syllable. Therefore, these could be classified in the Gibberish family. Also, Double Talk, Língua do Pê, Jeringonza, and B-Sprache all work by adding a consonant after the vowel in each syllable, and then repeating the vowel. Thus, these could be classified in the Double Talk family. Another common type of language game is the spoonerism, in which the onsets of two words are exchanged. Using a standard word for each transformation gives another type, for example, the Finnish "kontinkieli", where "kontti" is added after each word, and spoonerism applied (kondäntti koonerismspontti koppliedäntti).

</doc>
<doc id="21503563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503563" title="Yasuno Station">
Yasuno Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503575" title="Minochi Station">
Minochi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503585" title="Tsubono Station">
Tsubono Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503588" title="Brats of the Lost Nebula">
Brats of the Lost Nebula

Brats of the Lost Nebula is a puppet and computer animated series originally broadcast on the Kids' WB block of Saturday morning programming in 1998. Created by Dan Clark, the sci-fi series for kids used puppets from Jim Henson's Creature Shop and state of the art computer graphics from C.O.R.E. Digital Effects. The series followed the adventures of 5 orphans (two of which were brother and sister) all from different planets that must band together to fight an evil invading force known as "The Shock". The series was canceled after airing its third episode in the US but the remaining episodes were shown on Canada's YTV.
The Orphans.
The Brats sometimes referred to themselves as orphans and each one had a different set of skills in addition to their otherworldly uniqueness. After the escape of Zadam and Triply from the Shock attack on their home world, the 5 kids meet on a living planetoid to start their rebellion against The Shock and find their lost parents. 
They are aided in their quest by a long-eared animal named Splook and his missile laden suit of armor. And by SMARTS, the smartest computer in the universe. The Brats themselves would ride into battle on modified space cruisers.

</doc>
<doc id="21503592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503592" title="Still Unforgettable">
Still Unforgettable

Still Unforgettable is a 2008 studio album by American singer-songwriter and performer Natalie Cole. Cole won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for "Still Unforgettable" at the 51st Grammy Awards.
Background.
Speaking in July 2008 to noted UK soul writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning "Blues & Soul", Cole discussed the thinking behind 'Still Unforgettable': "While we were still trying to create that same 'Unforgettable'-type mood or environment, this time I wanted to expand. Rather than just doing another Nat 'King' Cole tribute - which was not necessary - I wanted to go deeper into the American Songbook, by not just getting songs from my father, but also from other singers of his time like Frank Sinatra, Lena Horne, Sammy Davis Jr. and Peggy Lee. You know, there was something about the approach that the writers from that era had to the lyrics and the melodies that was so intentional, so purposeful. Which I think is the thing that's missing from music today."

</doc>
<doc id="21503595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503595" title="Randi Bratteli">
Randi Bratteli

Randi Bratteli (1924 – 2002) was a Norwegian journalist.
She was born in Hamar as the daughter of Olav Larssen. She married Trygve Bratteli, who served as Prime Minister of Norway from 1971 to 1972 and 1973 to 1976. She published several books.
She was member of the board of the friendship association Friends of Israel in the Norwegian Labour Movement (Norwegian: Venner av Israel i Norsk Arbeiderbevegelse).

</doc>
<doc id="21503597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503597" title="Tanoshiri Station">
Tanoshiri Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503608" title="Tsunami Station">
Tsunami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503619" title="Kagusa Station">
Kagusa Station


</doc>
<doc id="21503623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21503623" title="Limatula suteri">
Limatula suteri

Limatula suteri is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams. 

</doc>
