<doc id="21440707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440707" title="Antonis Aresti">
Antonis Aresti

Antonis Aresti is an athlete and Paralympian from Cyprus competing mainly in category T46 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T46 event and a silver medal in the men's 400 metres - T46 event
Career.
Born on 15 February 1983 in Limassol, Cyprus by Leonidas and Androula Aresti. At the age of three years old, Aresti was dragged by a moving car while he was trying to cross the street. The accident caused a damage on his left hand. Such disability pushed the Cypriot sprinter to deal with sports.
He started practising athletics at early age by participating in school events mainly in long-distance races. At age 14 he started running seriously. Then, he won many medals in local youth championships in athletics. Also, he participated in world organisations as a member of the national team of Cyprus.
He studied Physical Education at National Sports Academy (NSA) of Bulgaria in Sofia and graduated in 2008.
His coach is Efthymios Kyprianou.
World and European Championships.
Aresti's first big worldwide success occurred during his participation at the Athletics World Championship for athletes with disabilities in Assen, Netherlands in 2006, where he won the bronze medal in the men's 400 meters category T46.
The second worldwide success of the Cypriot runner, occurred in 2007 during his participation at the Athletics World Championships organised by the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (IWAS) in Taipei, Taiwan where he won the silver medal in the men's 200 meters category T46.
In January 2011, Aresti participated in the Athletics World Championship for athletes with disabilities in Christchurch of New Zealand. He won two gold medals at the finals of the events: Men's 200 meters category T46 and Men's 400 meters category T46 with times of 22.25 seconds and 49.44 seconds respectively.
Additionally, the Cypriot champion athlete conquered three more medals in the 2012 European Championships organised by the International Paralympic Committee in June 2012 in Stadskanaal. Specifically, he won the gold medal in men's 400 meters category T46 with a time of 50.55 seconds, the gold in the men's 200 meters category T46 with a time of 22.58 seconds and a silver medal in men's 100 meters category T46 with a time of 11.36 seconds.
Participation in Paralympic Games.
Aresti participated at the 13th Summer Paralympic Games held in Beijing in September 2008. His participation was a great moment for both his career and the history of Cypriot sport since he managed to win two silver medals in the Men's 200m T46 and Men's 400m T46 with times of 22.15 seconds and 48.87 seconds respectively.
During the 14th Summer Paralympic Games held in London in 2012, the Cypriot sprinter participated and finished fourth in the finals of men's 200m category T46 and men's 400m category T46 with times 22.40 seconds and 49.59 seconds respectively. Also, he participated in the men's 100m race category T46 with time 11.36 but did not qualify for the final race of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="21440712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440712" title="Rodolphe Gabriel Randriamanantena">
Rodolphe Gabriel Randriamanantena

Rodolphe Gabriel Randriamanantena is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Andramasina.

</doc>
<doc id="21440718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440718" title="Alsace regional election, 1992">
Alsace regional election, 1992

A regional election took place in Alsace on March 15, 1998, along with all other regions. 
Sources.
Le Figaro Elections base

</doc>
<doc id="21440719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440719" title="Ettiam Calderón">
Ettiam Calderón

Ettiam Calderón Lastres is a Paralympic athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category T46 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T46 event, finished eighth in the men's 100 metres - T46 event and finished fourth in the men's Long jump - F46 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21440722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440722" title="Félix Randriamandimbisoa">
Félix Randriamandimbisoa

Félix Randriamandimbisoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the fourth constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440734" title="Théodore Léonard Randriamanga">
Théodore Léonard Randriamanga

Théodore Léonard Randriamanga is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ampanihy West.

</doc>
<doc id="21440736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440736" title="Minuscule 209">
Minuscule 209

Minuscule 209 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 457 and α 1581 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 14th century, with an exception to the Book of Revelation which was added to the codex in the 15th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the whole text of the New Testament on 411 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, in 27 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters)", whose numbers are given at the margin (also Latin), and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Gospels is also divided according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 236 Sections). There are no references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Euthalian Apparatus in the Catholic epistles, and Prolegomena to the Apocalypse.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Caesarean text-type in the Gospels and the Byzantine text-type in rest books of the New Testament. Aland placed it in Category III in Gospels and in Book of Revelation. The text of the rest books of New Testament of this codex belongs to Category V.
The text of the Gospels is close to minuscule 205 (or vice versa). But they are different in the Acts and the Epistles. It is a member of the textual family "f"1.
Matthew 10:12 (see Luke 10:5)
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Cardinal Bessarion († 1472), who had it with him at the Council of Florence in 1439, and wrote many notes in it. 
It was examined and described by Birch, Engelbreth, Fleck, Rinck, and Burgon. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886. 
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Marciana (Fondo ant. 10), at Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="21440740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440740" title="Affinity (Oscar Peterson album)">
Affinity (Oscar Peterson album)

Affinity is a 1962 studio album by the Oscar Peterson Trio.

</doc>
<doc id="21440756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440756" title="Arboretum de Font-Romeu">
Arboretum de Font-Romeu

The Arboretum de Font-Romeu (9 hectares) is an arboretum located at an altitude of 1800 metres within the "Forêt de Font-Romeu" near Font-Romeu-Odeillo-Via, Pyrénées-Orientales, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It was established in 1938 and is managed by the "Office National des Forêts".

</doc>
<doc id="21440767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440767" title="Brookings Doha Center">
Brookings Doha Center

Based in Doha, Qatar, the Brookings Doha Center (BDC) is an initiative of the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., that advances high-quality, independent policy analysis and research on the Middle East. The Center maintains a reputation for policy impact and cutting-edge, field-oriented research on socioeconomic and geopolitical issues facing the broader Middle East, including relations with the United States.
The Brookings Doha Center International Advisory Council is co-chaired by Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabr Al-Thani, former prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of the State of Qatar, and Brookings President Strobe Talbott. Members include: Madeleine Albright, Samuel Berger, Zbigniew Brzezinski, Edward Djerejian, Wajahat Habibullah, Musa Hitam, Pervez Hoodhboy, Rima Khalaf Hunaidi, Nemir Kirdar, Rami Khouri, Atta-ur-Rahman, Ismail Serageldin and Fareed Zakaria. Salman Shaikh serves as the center's director.
The creation of the center was announced in October 2007 by Brookings President Strobe Talbott. The center was formally inaugurated by Sheikh Al-Thani on February 17, 2008.
Research.
In pursuing its mission, the Brookings Doha Center conducts research and programming that engages key stakeholders from academia, business, civil society, government, and media on key public policy issues in the following core areas:
(i) Democratization and political transitions in the Middle East; 
(ii) Middle East relations with emerging Asian nations, including on the geopolitics and economics of energy;
(iii) Conflict and peace processes in the region;
(iv) educational, institutional, and political reform in the Gulf countries.
Open to a broad range of views, the Brookings Doha Center is a hub for Brookings scholarship in the region. The center's research and programming agenda includes mutually reinforcing endeavors, including: convening ongoing public policy discussions with diverse political, business and thought leaders from the region and the United States; hosting visiting fellows drawn from significant ranks of the academic and policy communities to write analysis papers; and engaging the media to broadly share Brookings analysis with the public. The Brookings Doha Center also contributes to the conceptualization and organization of the annual U.S.-Islamic World Forum, which brings together key leaders in the fields of politics, business, media, academia and civil society, for much needed dialogue. In undertaking this work, the Brookings Doha Center upholds the Brookings Institution’s core values of quality, independence, and impact.
Initiatives.
Transitions Dialogue.
The Brookings Doha Center’s "Transitions Dialogue" program focuses on transitional processes in the Arab world. The project is the first of its kind to bring together Islamists, Salafis, liberals and leftists, along with U.S. and European officials, to exchange ideas, develop consensus, and forge new understandings in a rapidly changing political environment. These events provide a unique opportunity for individuals to compare their nations' different transition processes and see what lessons could be learned.
The findings and recommendations from the program's workshops are documented in the Center's "Transitions Dialogue Series" publications.
BDC-Stanford University Project on Arab Transitions.
The "Project on Arab Transitions," is a three-year joint initiative between the BDC and the Center on Democracy, Development, and Rule of Law (CDDRL) at Stanford University. The project aims to generate comprehensive analysis of the conditions affecting democratization and good governance during the current period of Arab transition.
The project combines academic rigor, informed field research, and policy relevance to systematically analyze and illuminate the nature of Arab transitions, focusing on electoral design, constitution-drafting, political party development, and national dialogue processes. By engaging Arab and Western scholars and practitioners from diverse backgrounds, the project provides new voices and original scholarship from the Arab region and beyond to help inform policy and development assistance to countries of strategic importance.
Outputs of the project will be:
Brookings Doha Energy Forum & Energy Research Platform.
The Brookings Doha Energy Forum is a unique conference focused on systemic shifts in the global balance of energy supply and demand, which coincides with a period of unprecedented and rapid change in the Middle East. New demand centers in South and East Asia and a leveling out of demand in the United States and Europe have the potential to lead to a fundamental transformation of the region’s role and the global politics of oil and gas. With this in mind, the BDC and Brookings Energy Security Initiative developed the Brookings Doha Energy Forum.
The conference and its associated research address:
In addition to the annual conference, the BDC more broadly seeks to establish an energy research platform which examines global energy markets—with a focus on the Middle East and Asia—in collaboration with the Brookings Energy Security Initiative.
Internships and Fellowships.
Visiting Fellowship.
Visiting fellows takes up residence at the BDC for a six to nine month period, during which time they conduct individual research, interact with policymaking communities, and present their research at a seminar.
Visiting fellows are drawn from mid-to-senior ranks of governments, think tanks, universities, and media from the United States, the Middle East, and elsewhere. Successful applicants generally have a PhD or broad governmental, civil society, or professional experience, as well as fluency in English. 
Visiting fellows complete both a Policy Briefing and Analysis Paper during their time affiliated with the BDC.
Nonresident Fellowship.
The Brookings Doha Center hosts up to three nonresident fellows for a period of one year with possibility of renewal. Candidates are accomplished scholars, analysts or former officials with a concentration that falls within one of the three main areas of the BDC’s work: democratization, political reform and public policy; emerging powers in the Middle East; and conflict and peace processes in the region.
Brookings Doha Center – Qatar University Visiting Fellowship.
Over the course of a 4-6 month period, fellows teach a seminar at the university and have the opportunity to conduct original research of their own. Fellows author 1-2 policy briefs on their area of focus, to be published by Brookings. Fellows also augment the BDC research platform by producing other opinion pieces and articles as an affiliated BDC scholar.
Fellows teach a semester-long seminar (16 weeks) at Qatar University on a topic of his/her own choosing. This may be one of the courses currently offered in the QU International Affairs program (history, political science, economics, international relations), or a related subject, as defined by the fellow. Courses are discussion-based, enabling fellows to develop and refine their ideas and research in an academic setting. Fellows also supervise the research of up to four Qatar University students, thereby contributing to the intellectual life of the University.
Internships.
To advance its local reach and global branding, the BDC hosts interns from the following Universities for either semester-long or summer-long terms.
Directors.
Salman Shaikh.
Salman Shaikh is director of the Brookings Doha Center and fellow at the Saban Center for Middle East Policy. He focuses on mediation and conflict resolution issues facing the Middle East and South Asia. He has held posts at the United Nations and the Office of Her Highness Sheikha Mozah Bint Nasser Al Missned in Qatar.
Ibrahim Sharqieh.
Ibrahim Sharqieh is a fellow in Foreign Policy at Brookings and deputy director of the Brookings Doha Center. Sharqieh previously served as senior project director at the Academy for Educational Development (AED), where he managed international development projects in several Arab countries, including Yemen and Qatar. He also served as an academic advisor to the Embassy of the United Arab Emirates in Washington, D.C. and taught International Conflict Resolution at The George Washington, George Mason, and Catholic universities. Sharqieh received his Ph.D. from George Mason University in Conflict Analysis and Resolution in 2006.
Shadi Hamid.
Shadi Hamid is Director of Research at the Brookings Doha Center and a fellow at the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution. His research focuses on Islamist political parties and democratic reform in the Arab world. Prior to joining Brookings, he was Director of Research at the Project on Middle East Democracy (POMED) and a Hewlett Fellow at Stanford University’s Center on Democracy, Development, and the Rule of Law. Hamid currently serves as vice-chair of POMED, a member of the World Bank’s MENA Advisory Panel as well as a correspondent for The Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="21440769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440769" title="Christopher Sheels">
Christopher Sheels

Christopher Sheels (born ca. 1774), was an enslaved house servant at George Washington's plantation, Mount Vernon, in Virginia, United States. As a teenager, he worked as Washington's "body servant" in the presidential households in New York City, 1789-90, and Philadelphia, 1790-91. In September 1799, Washington foiled an escape attempt by Sheels from Mount Vernon. Three months later he was present at the former-president's deathbed.
Dower slaves.
Sheels was the property of the Estate of Daniel Parke Custis (1711–1757), Martha Washington's first husband. As widow, she was granted the lifetime use of one-third of the Custis Estate slaves, hence the term "dower" slaves. At the time of her January 1759 marriage to George Washington, the dower slaves numbered at least 85 enslaved persons. 
Under Virginia law, the legal status of a slave was traced through the female, so all the children of an enslaved mother were born enslaved, no matter who the father was. Multiple generations of dower slaves were born at Mount Vernon. The July 1799 Mount Vernon Slave Census lists 153 dower slaves. 
While George Washington freed his 123 slaves through his 1799 Will, the dower slaves remained the property of the Custis Estate. Following Martha Washington's 1802 death, the Custis Estate was settled, and the dower slaves were inherited by the four Custis grandchildren.
Background.
Sheels was the son of Alyce (also spelled Alce), an enslaved spinner at the Mansion. His father may have been Christopher Sheldes, a white wagon driver, who worked at Mount Vernon until December 1773. Sheels is listed as "11 yrs. old" in the February 1786 Mount Vernon Slave Census. His grandmother, "Old Doll," was a cook at the Mansion, and had been among the original dower slaves who were brought to Mount Vernon in 1759.
Will Lee had been Washington's "body servant" through the Revolutionary War, the 1787 Constitutional Convention, and at Mount Vernon. In April 1789, when Washington set out for New York City to be inaugurated as the first President of the United States, Lee was too ill to make the trip. Fourteen-year-old Sheels went in Lee's place, although Lee joined Sheels in the presidential household several weeks later. The two were related: Lee's brother was married to Sheels's aunt.
Presidential Households.
Following ratification of the U.S. Constitution, New York City served as the national capital from December 1788 to December 1790. Washington was inaugurated on April 30, 1789. The first presidential household consisted of about twenty servants, including seven slaves from Mount Vernon — Oney Judge, Austin, Giles, Paris, Moll, Christopher Sheels, William Lee.
Under the July 1790 Residence Act, Congress moved the national capital to Philadelphia for a ten-year period, while the permanent national capital was under construction in the District of Columbia. The Philadelphia President's House had a larger household, about twenty-four servants initially, including eight slaves from Mount Vernon — Oney Judge, Austin, Giles, Paris, Moll, Hercules, Richmond, Christopher Sheels. 
Will Lee was never part of the Philadelphia presidential household. He was permanently returned to Mount Vernon, where he became the plantation's shoemaker. Following Austin's 1794 death, "Postilion" Joe" (Richardson) joined the Philadelphia presidential household.
Gradual Abolition Act.
With the 1780 Act for the Gradual Abolition of Slavery, Pennsylvania's government was the first to begin an abolition of slavery. But the state law was very gradual, and highly-respectful of the property rights of slaveholders. It freed only the future children of enslaved mothers. Every person enslaved in Pennsylvania before the law went into effect remained enslaved-for-life. Non-resident slaveholders could keep their slaves for six months while in the state. But, if those slaves were held in Pennsylvania longer than six months, the state law gave them the legal power to free themselves. 
Philadelphia had functioned as the national capital during the Revolutionary War. When the Gradual Abolition Act was drafted, the federal government had a single branch – Congress – which met in the city. Pennsylvania specifically exempted Congressmen and their personal slaves from the 1780 state law. Ten years later, when the national capital returned to Philadelphia, the federal government had three branches. Officers of the legislative branch (Congressmen) remained exempt from the Gradual Abolition Act, but what about officers of the judicial branch (Justices of the Supreme Court) and the executive branch (President, Vice-President, Members of the Cabinet)? 
Washington argued (privately) that his presence in Pennsylvania was solely a consequence of Philadelphia's being the temporary seat of the federal government, that he remained a citizen of Virginia, and Pennsylvania law should not apply to him. On the advice of his attorney general, Edmund Randolph, he systematically rotated the President's House slaves in and out of the state to prevent their establishing a six-month continuous residency. This rotation was a violation of a 1788 amendment to the Pennsylvania law, but no one challenged the President's actions. 
As the first six-month deadline approached in May 1791, Martha Washington took Sheels and Oney Judge on a two-day trip to Trenton, New Jersey, thus voiding their Pennsylvania residencies.
Mount Vernon.
Sheels was permanently returned to Mount Vernon by January 1792, where he worked as a waiter, serving the family meals. Washington completed his second term as President in March 1797, and returned to Virginia.
In September 1799, Washington discovered a note outlining an escape plan from Mount Vernon for Sheels and his fiancee. (The note proves that Sheels could read.) Washington foiled the escape. Three months later, Sheels was at his bedside when Washington died on December 14, 1799.
As a dower slave, Sheels was not among the 123 slaves freed by George Washington under the terms of his 1799 Will. Following Martha Washington's 1802 death, Sheels became one of the 153 dower slaves inherited by the four Custis grandchildren. But there is no documentation of where he lived the rest of his life. 

</doc>
<doc id="21440776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440776" title="British Aircraft Manufacturing">
British Aircraft Manufacturing

The British Aircraft Manufacturing Company Limited (formerly the British Klemm Aeroplane Company) was a 1930s British aircraft manufacturer based at London Air Park, Hanworth, Middlesex, England.
History.
The German aircraft manufacturer Klemm developed a successful low powered light aeroplane, the Klemm L.25, which first flew in 1927. Several were sold to British owners, where they proved popular, so the British dealer for the L.25, Major E.F Stephen, set up the British Klemm Aeroplane Company at Hanworth, Middlesex to produce a version of the L.25 under license.
The prototype of the licenced version, known as the B.K. Swallow, first flew in November 1933. The company's first aircraft design was the B.K. Eagle a single-engine cabin monoplane, although similar to the Klemm L.32 was designed by G.H. Handasyde. 
The company changed name in 1935 to the British Aircraft Manufacturing Company and new variants of the Swallow and Eagle were designated as the British Aircraft Swallow and Eagle (or B.A Swallow and B.A. Eagle).
The company then followed with a side-by-side two-seat monoplane, the B.A.3 Cupid, but only one was built. The last aircraft produced was the 1936 B.A.IV Double Eagle a six-seat twin-engined high-wing monoplane, only three were built.

</doc>
<doc id="21440802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440802" title="Firefall (ride)">
Firefall (ride)

FireFall is a Top Spin manufactured by HUSS Park Attractions at California's Great America. The ride was originally located at Six Flags Ohio (later, Geauga Lake) under the name Texas Twister. Upon the closing of Geauga Lake, the ride was relocated to its sister park, California's Great America, where it currently operates on a modified version of the original ride program. FireFall (as Texas Twister) was the first HUSS Top Spin in North America.
The ride also features a wall of water fountains which rises in front of the vehicle as it swings, giving the illusion that riders may get wet, as well as a finale sequence featuring the water bubbling via pneumatic devices before catching on fire using methane gas. The ride is set to the soundtrack specially composed from The Crypt at Kings Dominion.

</doc>
<doc id="21440806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440806" title="Alles was war">
Alles was war

"Alles was war" ("All that was") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the second single and the eighth track from the album "In aller Stille". The release was initially planned for February 27, but moved to February 20. This song was chosen for the second single, because it became clear on the "machmalauter"-tour, that this is one of the fan favourites.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/neuigkeiten_news_cd_alles_was_war.php]
The song is a generally a hymn about nostalgia and how one shouldn't regret what has been done and what hasn't been.
It peaked at #9 at the German Single Charts.
Music video.
The video premiered on Sevenload.com on February 6. It features touring footage - concerts, bus rides, preparing the stage etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21440813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440813" title="Bedroom TV">
Bedroom TV

Bedroom TV (or BTV for short) was a concept music channel in which people could make videos to their favourite songs by Lip Sync, slide shows or animations using models or cartoon style drawings. The channel launched in late July 2007 but was forced to close down in August 2008 due to running costs. The channel was on channel 376 on Sky Digital until July 2008 when it moved to channel 381, at the same time all the other music channels moved due to the launch of Sky Movies going HD. In August 2008 the channel ceased to broadcast and became a shopping channel on channel 683 Trondirect1. Following the end of the use of the channel EPG by Trondirect1 in January 2009 the channel name returned on Sky showing teleshopping on channel 962 from 6am to 9am. this was in a holding position awaiting another client for use as the channel EPG was still owned by BedroomTV. Despite the channel having now gone off air, the website remained online until early 2012 running with people still making videos and adding them to the website. It now seems to have ceased

</doc>
<doc id="21440818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440818" title="124th meridian west">
124th meridian west

The meridian 124° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 124th meridian west forms a great circle with the 56th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 124th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21440829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440829" title="Scot Ritchie">
Scot Ritchie

Scot Ritchie is a Canadian author and illustrator. He specializes in children's literature and has published in advertising, editorial, map, and educational material. His work can be found in publications including "Wall St. Journal," "Newsweek," "Chicago Tribune," "New York Magazine," and "Readers Digest." His 40+ children's books have been translated into Korean, Dutch, French and Polish. 

</doc>
<doc id="21440838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440838" title="Cutthroat Island (soundtrack)">
Cutthroat Island (soundtrack)

The score for the pirate film "Cutthroat Island" was composed by John Debney.
The music was performed by the London Symphony Orchestra, with choral contributions by the London Voices and was conducted by David Snell.
Although the actual film was a commercial disaster, the score has been praised for its style, reminiscent of the Golden Age Hollywood swashbuckling scores by Erich Wolfgang Korngold. It has been noted as one of Debney's greatest compositions, alongside "The Passion of the Christ". The score used traditional orchestration backed with choir, a practice Debney considered necessary to avoid the music's sounding "too old fashioned".
Particularly, conservative critics have considered this score as one of the best in the genre, unlike , which relied heavily in synthesizers and modern action score conventions 
1995 release.
Two CDs were released with the score in 1995, one of them by Silva studios, and another by Nu.Millenia Records. Both releases have the same tracks.
2007 expanded edition.
In 2007, Prometheus released a two disc special extended edition, which added 40 cues that were left out of the previous soundtracks or were not used in the film.
"Disc One"
"Disc Two"

</doc>
<doc id="21440842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440842" title="Club Lemos">
Club Lemos

Club Lemos is a Spanish football team based in Monforte de Lemos, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1924, it plays in Preferente Autonómica – Group Norte, holding home matches at "Campo Municipal A Pinguela".

</doc>
<doc id="21440847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440847" title="Dean Bergeron">
Dean Bergeron

Dean Bergeron (born February 12, 1969) is a Paralympic athlete from Canada competing mainly in category T52 sprint events.
At the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States, he won a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T51 event, a silver medal in the men's 400 metres - T51 event, a silver medal in the men's 1500 metres - T51 event and a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T51 event.
At the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia, he won a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T51 event, a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T51 event, finished fifth in the men's 100 metres - T51 event and finished sixth in the men's 800 metres - T51 event.
At the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece, he won a bronze medal in the men's 800 metres - T52 event, finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T52 event, finished fifth in the men's 400 metres - T52 event and did not finish in the men's 1500 metres - T52 event.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, he won a gold medal in the men's 100 metres - T52 event, a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T52 event, a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T52 event and finished sixth in the men's 800 metres - T52 event

</doc>
<doc id="21440859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440859" title="Judith Hand">
Judith Hand

Judith L. Hand is an evolutionary biologist, animal behaviorist (ethologist), novelist, and pioneer in the emerging field of peace ethology. She writes on a variety of topics related to ethology, including the biological and evolutionary roots of war, gender differences in conflict resolution, empowering women, and abolishing war. Her lectures include recent developments in peace research, which may help us prevent war.
Her book, "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace" is an in-depth exploration of human gender differences with regard to aggression. 
Her web site, "A Future Without War", a book by the same name, and a paper, "To Abolish War". are devoted to the concept of and requirements for abolishing war. The website provides an extensive collection of essays and book reviews, issues a topical newsletter, includes a blog, and is a gateway to other related sites.
Hand has been a member of the International Society for Human Ethology (ISHE), since its inception in 1972. ISHE is a professional organization whose members study human behavior and come from such diverse disciplines as biology, anthropology and psychology. The term "peace ethology" was coined by ethologist, Peter Verbeek, as a subdiscipline of human ethology, one that is concerned with issues of human conflict, conflict resolution, reconciliation, war, peacemaking, and peacekeeping behavior.
Verbeek suggests that peace ethology is uniquely positioned to make an important contribution to the newly emerging science of peace. Recent studies show that young children display peacemaking behavior that is remarkably similar in form and timing to peacemaking observed in non-human primates and other animals. In the past, researchers assumed that peace emerges, almost by default, when violence or aggression ceases. Studies on the behavioral biology of aggression emphasized what led up to and happened during competition and aggression. Few studies investigated what happened afterwards. In 1979, Frans de Waal and Marc van Roosmalen found that chimpanzee opponents tend to seek each other out for peaceful contact shortly after aggression has ceased. Three decades of studies indicate that peacemaking, like aggression, is a natural aspect of primate social behavior. Peace is now seen as a concept worthy of study in its own right.
Hand is a social activist committed to the abolition of war. Her argument for the ability of humans to achieve this goal is developed in "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace" and her website. Her argument rests on several controversial premises: 1) that while the roots of war do lie in aspects of male biology, war itself is not an inherited and therefore inescapable feature of human behavior, but instead is primarily the result of cultural factors; 2) that women are natural allies of nonviolent conflict resolution, and that excluding women from governing is an underlying condition that favors war because male inclinations for dominance using aggression go unchecked; 3) that to abolish war, a key requirement is the global empowerment of women (educational, financial, legal, political and religious). Other requirements for abolishing war and how long such a campaign might take are also explained on her website and in the paper, "To Abolish War".
Education and Research.
From 1967 to 1975, Hand taught high school biology at Santa Monica High School in Santa Monica, CA. While still teaching, she began a Ph.D. program at UCLA and in 1979 was awarded a Ph.D. in Animal Behavior, also called Ethology (her subfields were Ornithology and Primatology). Her doctoral dissertation compared vocalizations of two populations of gulls ("Larus occidentalis"), and the results were used to reclassify the gull population in the Gulf of California as a separate species, ("Larus livens"), not just a subspecies of "Larus occidentalis".
After completing her doctorate, she continued behavioral research as a Smithsonian Post-doctoral Fellow at the National Zoo in Washington, D.C. (1979–1980). This research resulted in published papers on conflict resolution highlighting the use of egalitarian behavior to resolve conflicts. For example, mated gull pairs in conflict over nesting duties or access to choice food used such methods as sharing, first-come-first-served, and negotiation rather than the commonly studied dominance and subordination behavior to resolve conflicts. Female gulls of the species she studied are always smaller than their mates. In her theoretical paper in the "Quarterly Review of Biology" (Vol. 61, 1986) she used a game theory approach to introduce the concept of “leverage” to explain why smaller individuals are sometimes able to establish an egalitarian relationship with much larger individuals, ones that could easily dominate them physically. This paper also introduced the concept of “spheres of dominance” to explain why, in a given relationship between two individuals, the relative payoffs to survival or reproduction depends on the context of a conflict. Different contexts will provide different payoffs to each individual and consequently determine which individual of the pair will be dominant in a given context, instead of one individual being dominant over the other in all contexts.
From 1980 to 1985, she was a Research Associate and Lecturer in the UCLA biology department teaching Animal Behavior and Ornithology. In 1987, she moved from Los Angeles to San Diego and spent several years writing fiction.
In 2003, however, she returned to ethology and self-published "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace." The book draws from fields as diverse as evolutionary biology, primatology, behavior, ornithology, cultural anthropology, neurophysiology, and history. Hand has expanded concepts from "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace" into essays on her website site, AFutureWithoutWar.org.
Education and Work History.
Hand earned a B.S. degree from Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illinois, in 1961, graduating summa cum laude, having majored in cultural anthropology before switching to zoology. In 1963, she earned an M.A. degree in general physiology at UCLA, after which she briefly worked as a laboratory technician at UCLA’s Brain Research Institute. In 1963-1964, Hand was a research technician at the Max Planck Institute for Neuropsychiatry in Munich, Germany, where she assisted in brain surgeries designed to evoke vocalizations in squirrel monkeys; she published her first scientific papers on these behavioral experiments. From 1965 through 1966, at the Pediatrics Department of the UCLA Medical School, she was head technician in a physiological laboratory studying bilirubin metabolism.
Fiction: Strong Heroines in Historical Epics and Action Thrillers.
After moving from Los Angeles to San Diego in 1987, Hand turned her attention to writing fiction. In 2001, she self-published the novel "Voice of the Goddess." In her book "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace," Hand states that she was subsequently drawn back into the subject of war and women while promoting this book. The novel’s background is the Minoan Culture which Hand portrays as woman-centered, goddess-worshipping, and without wars of aggression, a view she considers valid but which remains controversial.
In 2004, two of her novels were published by New York publishing houses, the first, an historical epic set against the background of the Trojan War and the second, a contemporary women’s action adventure. More published novels soon followed; all featuring strong heroines struggling in epic conflicts in partnership with equally strong heroes.
Nonfiction: Arguments on the Evolution of War vs. the Evolution of Peace.
Definition of War.
When examining the reasons humans kill one another, Hand draws a distinction between war, murder and revenge killings. She uses the definition of war as described by the anthropologist Douglas P. Fry: armed conflict between groups where combatants kill members of the other group indiscriminately Murder is not war, nor is feuding (or self-redress) where revenge or punishment is exacted on specific individuals.
Biological Roots of War.
Hand argues that the biological roots of war stem from three aspects of male biology, each a holdover from the Pleistocene: 1) the strong tendency for aggressive male group bonding that serves for many kinds of hunting, for group defense from predators, and for survival during natural disasters; 2) the establishment of social hierarchy, using force if necessary; and 3) willingness of males in a group to sacrifice themselves to protect the group, in some cases even to the death. Hand coined the term “hyper-alpha” for a category of individual, male or female, who so desires to dominate others that they are willing to kill or to raise an army to kill other people for them. These three characteristically male traits, which served us well during our prehistoric past, can be used to our detriment by a “hyper-alpha” (a male, group of males, or rarely a female). Unless the group or culture erects restraints on warmongering, hyper-alphas can use these traits to manipulate other males so as to raise an army and go to war. Hyper-alphas are, according to Hand, a small minority in any population, and they are not to be confused with leaders sometimes described as alpha males. Hyper-alphas are defined by their willingness to kill any number of anonymous individuals to achieve domination.
Female Preference for Social Stability.
The most common cultural adaptation of human populations during the long and early phases of our evolution was that of nomadic hunter-gatherers. In "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace," Hand argues that a critical element in keeping war in check among these nomadic hunter-gatherer groups was a strong female preference for "social stability." This evolved female preference for social stability is expressed in a number of traits more characteristic of women than men. Most especially with respect to war, in a strong female proclivity for negotiation, compromise, “keeping the peace,” and mediation—as opposed to killing—to resolve differences. This preference is also reflected in a greater female tendency toward prospicience—a forward looking attitude which fosters anticipating and heading off potential conflicts. In most nomadic hunter-gatherer cultures, which are typically egalitarian cultures, women have strong influences in deciding group behavior. Hand suggests that the female preference for social stability tends to suppress both male inclinations to make war and any other social turmoil within their group that risks the death of women or their offspring.
Bonobos as a Social Model for Humans.
She suggests, based on behavior and physical traits of the relatively non-violent bonobo (Pan paniscus), such as hidden-ovulation (there are no outward signs of a female's fertile period), forward placed clitoris, and continuous receptivity (females can mate at any time during theirestrous or menstrual cycle), that bonobos are a better model for students of human evolution than the highly aggressive and sometimes violent chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes). "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace" outlines the selection pressures favoring the female preference for social stability and the implications of the difference in male and female responses with respect to physical violence and war for contemporary cultures.
Effects of Settled Living.
A survey by anthropologist Douglas Fry ("The Human Potential for Peace: An Anthropological Challenge to Assumptions about War and Violence"), determined that while nomadic hunter-gathers are generally egalitarian in nature and nonviolent (including non-warring), settled or "complex" hunter-gatherers tend to develop hierarchical social structure and female subjugation. Many such complex hunter-gatherers also make war. Hand expands on Fry to conclude that a key culprit in the evolution of warfare was settled living and the subsequent loss of power for women, who are the natural proponents of nonviolent conflict resolution. These characteristics of settled hunter-gatherers—the development of hierarchy, the subjugation of women, and the emergence of war—were greatly exacerbated, Hand argues, by wholesale settlement that accompanied the Agricultural Revolution, and they continue to the present.
Although war has ancient biological roots, Hand argues that it is currently fostered primarily by our social environments—by our cultures. War can be abolished if humanity is willing to engage in major cultural transformation. On Her website, AFutureWithoutWar (AFWW), Hand explores nine “cornerstones of a plan of action to create a "warfare transition,” that is, a shift toward abolishing war that could be as swift as the demographic transition of the mid-twentieth century.
"Hidden Females Syndrome".
In "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace" Hand coins the term “hidden females syndrome” for the tendency among scholars and lay people alike to overlook women when researching or writing about the human condition with respect to war and other subjects. She argues that this blindness to female significance and dismissal of female input hinders any full understanding of why and how we engage in wars.
Summary.
To summarize Hand’s position: When women are excluded from decision-making or conflict-resolving situations (whether this is within the home, the community or at state levels), male proclivities for domination, up to and including domination by violence and threats of violence, are expressed unchecked and untempered by female proclivities for more nonviolent, win-win solutions. With respect to war, the results of unchecked male proclivities are demonstrated by the historical record of relentless warring. Hope for abolishing war must include reempowerment of women as full partners with men so that female preferences for nonviolence can be an equally powerful shaper of our group behavior, serving as a check on using physical violence and thereby serving as a positive influence for our future. She writes, lectures, and networks in efforts to mobilize leaders, academics, and lay people to begin a campaign to ultimately abolish war.
Family.
Judith Leon (née Latta) Hand was born in Cherokee, Oklahoma, the daughter of John Leon Latta & Wanda Hazel Latta (1914–1994). Her father, a successful restaurateur, died when she was nine; her mother, a registered nurse, raised Hand and her younger sister alone. Hand graduated from Torrance High School in Torrance, California, in 1957. In 1967, she married Los Angeles police detective, Harold M. Hand, and remained married to him until his death in 1996. They had no children.
Quotes.
"Because of genetic inclinations that are as deeply rooted as the bonding-for-aggression inclinations of men, most women would prefer to make or keep the peace, the sooner the better." In "Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace", p. 45.
"If women around the world in the twenty-first century would get their act together they could, partnered with men of like mind, shift the direction of world history to create a future without war." In "A Future Without War: the Strategy of a Warfare Transition", p. 53.

</doc>
<doc id="21440868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440868" title="Bhageeratha (film)">
Bhageeratha (film)

Bhageeratha is a 2005 Telugu movie directed by Rasool Ellore. The film stars Ravi Teja and Shriya Saran in the lead roles. The film was dubbed in Hindi as "The Return of Sikander".
Plot.
Krishna Lanka is an island in Godavari districts. The only way of commuting to that island is by boats. Lots of people die due to bad weather conditions while they travel. Krishna Lanka's President Bullabbai (Vijay Kumar) wants to have a bridge to that island which costs several crores. He asks his IAS friend Venkata Ratnam (Prakash Raj) to make his dream come true. Even 20 years after Venkata Ratnam leaving the village, there is no news about the bridge. Bullebbai sends his son Chandu (Ravi Teja) to Hyderabad to meet Venkata Ratnam and learn the progress. After coming to Hyderabad, Chandu realizes that Venkata Ratnam is very money-minded and is least bothered about the bridge. The rest of the story is all about how Chandu makes Venkata Ratnam get the bridge approved by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="21440871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440871" title="Adnan Al-Sayegh">
Adnan Al-Sayegh

Adnan al-Sayegh (born 1955 in Al-Kufa, Iraq), "is one of the most original voices from the generation of Iraqi poets known as the Eighties Movement. His poetry, crafted with elegance, and sharp as an arrowhead, carries an intense passion for freedom love and beauty. Adnan uses his words as a weapon to denounce the devastation of war and the horrors of dictatorship."
In 1993 his uncompromising criticism of oppression and injustice led to his exile in Jordan and the Lebanon. After being sentenced to death in Iraq in 1996, because of the publication of Uruk's Anthem, a long poem in which he gives voice to the profound despair of the Iraqi experience- he took refuge in Sweden. Since 2004 he lives in London.
In the Spring of 2006, Adnan al-Sayegh read his poems at the third Al-Marbed Poetry Festival in Basra, Iraq. The poems upset the intolerant armed militia and al-Sayegh was threatened with death and with having his tongue cut out. He was forced to leave Basra in haste and through Kuwait to return to his exile in London.
Adnan is a member of the Iraqi and Arab Writers Unions, the Iraqi and Arab Journalists Unions, the International Journalist Organization, the Swedish Writers Union and the Swedish Pen Club.
He has received several international awards; among them, the Hellman - Hammet International Poetry Award (New York 1996), the Rotterdam International Poetry Award (1997) and the Swedish Writers Association Award (2005), and has been invited to read his poems in many festivals across the world.
His poems have been translated into English, Swedish, Spanish, French, German, Romanian, Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Persian and Kurdish.
The following collections of Adnan's poetry have been published:
A M. A. thesis on his work – "The Poetry of Adnan al-Sayegh, a Technical Study" – submitted to the Department of Modern Languages (University of Baghdad) by the Iraqi scholar and poet Arif al-Sa'adi, has been published (Sweden, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="21440875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440875" title="Beat Bösch">
Beat Bösch

Beat Bösch is a Paralympic athlete from Switzerland competing mainly in category T52 sprint events.
He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T52 event and a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T52 event.
In the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T52 event, a silver medal in the 200 metres and went out in the first round of the 400 metres.
He also competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics, without medal success.

</doc>
<doc id="21440902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440902" title="Asma Agbarieh">
Asma Agbarieh

Asma Agbarieh-Zahalka (, , born 1973) is an Israeli Arab journalist and political activist who heads the Organization for Democratic Action (Da'am) party. She is the only Israeli Arab woman to head a political party.
Biography.
Agbarieh was born to a Muslim family and raised in Jaffa. In 1995, after completing her undergraduate studies at Tel Aviv University in Arabic literature and in education and teaching, she started work as an editor for "al-Sabar", the Arabic-language edition of the magazine "Etgar" (challenge) published by the newly founded Da'am party. She joined the party and became active in its socio-political activities, focusing on the city’s housing shortage, quality of education, and the status of women.
In 2000, she founded and directed the East Jerusalem branch of the Workers’ Advice Center - 'Ma’an', that provides assistance to non-unionized workers and the unemployed. In 2002, she relocated to the "Ma'an" branch in the Triangle, where she worked on projects aimed at finding employment for laborers and the unemployed in various fields, and in youth education, as well as a project to help those affected by the Wisconsin Project.
Political career.
She was a candidate for Da'am in the elections for the 2003 elections, and headed its list for the 2006, 2009 and 2013 elections. On each occasion the party failed to cross the electoral threshold. 
In November 2008 she ran for mayor of Tel Aviv-Yafo and a seat on its city council. The party received 0.45% of the ballots, which fell below the threshold percentage.
Personal life.
She is married to actor and contractor Musa Zahalka. The couple has an infant son, born in January 2009, to whom they gave the universalistic name "Adam."

</doc>
<doc id="21440945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440945" title="Potty chair">
Potty chair

A potty chair is a proportionately small chair or enclosure with an opening for seating very young children to "go potty." It is a variant of the close stool which was used by adults before the widespread adoption of water flushed toilets. There are a variety of designs, some placed directly over the toilet so the egested fecal material drops directly into the toilet bowl thereby eliminating manual removal and disposal of the said waste from a receptacle beneath the hole which is often a bag or receptacle similar to a chamber pot, if the child stays in the correct position, of course. Potty chairs are used during potty training, a.k.a. toilet training.

</doc>
<doc id="21440946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440946" title="Veliki Kozjak">
Veliki Kozjak

Veliki Kozjak or just Kozjak is a mountain cliff in Croatia, located in inland of Dalmatian Zagora. 
It belongs to Dinaric Alps, and it stretches over small village Kijevo between towns of Vrlika and Knin.
The highest peak of this cliff is "Bat" (1207 m), and its southeast peak is "Kunica" (1101 m) over small village Maovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21440959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440959" title="India's Open-Economy Policy">
India's Open-Economy Policy

"India's Open-Economy Policy: Globalism, Rivalry, Continuity" is a book on political economy by Jalal Alamgir, published by Routledge (London and New York, 2008; Paperback edition 2010)
The book explains why India’s open-economy policy, initiated in 1991, has continued despite widespread domestic political risks. It draws implications for countries seeking to politically market grand or controversial ideas.
The book's methodological approach is influenced by both realism and constructivism. Going as far back as the 19th century, the author reconstructs how Indian policymakers have interpreted economic priorities, perceived success and failure, and evaluated the destiny of their nation. By the 1990s, their imperatives increasingly highlighted a sense of rivalry, especially with China, and globalism, a desire to play a strong role in world affairs. The book attempts to show how a sense of nationalist urgency was created through globalism and rivalry, allowing policymakers to privilege international needs over domestic political demands, replace economic independence with interdependence as a priority, and ensure that the broad basis of India’s openness could not be challenged effectively even though certain policies faced severe opposition. 
The book was selected by "Asia Policy" of the National Bureau of Asian Research as one of the recommended books for its 2008 Policymakers Library.
The book has 192 pages, 5 chapters. Currently only a hardcover edition is available. ISBN 978-0-415-77684-4

</doc>
<doc id="21440987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440987" title="London to Lewes Way (Roman road)">
London to Lewes Way (Roman road)

The London to Lewes Way is a long Roman road between Watling Street at Peckham and Lewes in Sussex. The road passes through Beckenham and West Wickham, then crosses the North Downs above Titsey, on the county boundary between Surrey and Kent, and is overlain by Edenbridge High Street.
The road continues on this alignment onto the high ground of Ashdown Forest, where the more grassy vegetation on the silted up outer ditches contrasts very clearly with surrounding heather in aerial photographs, then descends through Piltdown to Lewes, linking with the Sussex Greensand Way at Barcombe Mills and with a network of roads at Lewes.
Dating evidence.
First and early second pottery fragments were found over the edge of the road near Barcombe Mills,which, together with the heavy construction and planned alignments, indicate a late 1st or early 2nd century date.
Design and construction.
Five main alignments were used for the road, with local diversions from them to ease gradients and avoid wet ground. Flint and gravel were used over the North Downs and towards the South Downs, with slag from the Wealden iron industry used extensively for the middle sections, sometimes mixed with sandstone from Ashdown Forest and sometimes as a solid mass. At Holtye near East Grinstead a length of road excavated in 1939 revealed iron slag metalling showing cart ruts. Part of this has been left exposed and fenced off by the Sussex Archaeological Trust for viewing.
The width of the road varies greatly between places, from as narrow as to as wide as at Butcher's Cross, Hartfield. As no kerb was used the intended width is not known and spreading of material may have increased the eventual width. Where the road crosses hillsides on terraceways the width is about . Where outer ditches are visible on Ashdown Forest they are apart.
Thickness of metalling also varies greatly, as does the size of "agger". In some places a thick mass of iron slag was laid on the land surface, as at the excavated section at Holtye where the slag metalling was in the centre reducing to at the edges, laid directly on the clay subsoil and rusted into a concrete-like mass. Elsewhere an earth "agger" was protected by a much thinner stone layer, as on Ashdown Forest near Five Hundred Acre Wood where only about of compacted sandstone lumps were bedded on of yellow clay. The London end of the road was built of gravel or small flints over a layer of larger flints or pebbles, about thick at the centre, sometimes on a bed of sand.
Peckham to Blythe Hill Fields.
This northernmost alignment branched from Watling Street close to the Old Kent Road in what is now the back garden of Number 77, Asylum Road, in Peckham, running parallel to the road for some distance under other back gardens. Here the road was built of gravel on a base of pebbles. Passing just east of Nunhead railway station the road runs along Ivydale Road, crosses the Crystal Palace Railway, and crosses Brockley Rise at St. Hilda's Church heading to Blythe Hill Fields.
Blythe Hill to Titsey.
On Blythe Hill the road turns 9 degrees to the south, and crosses the River Pool, then turns another 6 degrees southward onto the next main alignment. Here the intact road was found to be made of gravel on pebbles and flints under a golf course. It then crosses the railway about east of Beckenham railway station. Going through Beckenham it passes close to Langley House then east of West Wickham village centre, crosses Corkscrew Hill, and goes down to the Addington to Hayes road. From Rowdown Woods the Surrey/Kent county boundary follows the road, making a V shaped kink at Skid Hill where the road deviates from the alignment to cross a steep valley. This alignment, marked by tracks and hedgerows, continues to the top of the North Downs above Titsey where it is more than above sea level. Here the road makes a sharp turn eastwards to follow the ridge of the downs, passing south of Tatsfield church before beginning its descent of the escarpment on a terraceway, originally wide, passing west of the rectory, to cross the Pilgrims Way. The road is followed by the Titsey-Tatfield parish boundary for .
Marlpit Hill to Ashdown Forest.
At Marlpit Hill the road makes a small direction change of only three degrees, and almost entirely keeps to this line to the high ground of Ashdown Forest. The straight run of Edenbridge High Street, crossing the River Eden and continuing to Dencross, where it continues as a private drive, is the most impressive surviving section of the road. Beyond this the road has been lost, seen only in hedgelines and traces of iron slag metalling in fields. In Peters Wood at Holtye an "agger" with iron slag metalling can be seen and on a footpath south of the A264 road road a length of almost 100 metres of intact road was excavated in 1939, revealing a slag metalled surface in excellent condition and showing wheel marks. Part of this area south of the road has been kept uncovered by the Sussex Archaeological Trust. The "agger" is clearly visible south of this point and again at Butcherfield Lane, Hartfield, where of slag metalling was found on a large wide "agger". The road then climbs a small steep hill in an engineered cutting. At Chuck Hatch the road enters Ashdown Forest, zig-zagging to cross a gill at Loneoak Hall, then maintaining its straight line onto the high forest. It then turns 46 degrees west and uses a number of straight alignments to follow the ridge to Camp Hill. This forest section was metalled with sandstone, and was more clearly visible before being damaged by tank training exercises during World War II. Distinct side ditches near Camp Hill are apart.
Camp Hill to Lewes.
The southernmost alignment to Lewes was sighted between Camp Hill and Malling Hill on the east side of Lewes. The road passes east of Streater's Farm, which is likely to have taken its name from the road, and runs east of the modern road to Duddleswell until crossing it north of Fairwarp church. A slag metalled "agger" exists at Old Workhouse Farm where the road leaves the open forest. Before reaching the roundabout on the A22 road there is a wide terrace cut into a sandstone outcrop. After passing west of Maresfield the road can be traced through Park Wood and Fairhazel Wood at Piltdown as an "agger" with slag metalling. A visible "agger" in the park at Buckham Hill House was found by Ivan Donald Margary to have perfectly intact metalling of slag, gravel and brown flints, wide and thick in the centre. The road passes to the west of Isfield's remote church, through a triangular water meadow, before crossing the River Ouse beside a Norman castle motte, suggesting that there was still a river crossing to guard at the Norman conquest. Near Gallops Farm the road runs along the eastern side of Alder Coppice and traces of slag can be found in the fields all the way to Barcombe Mills and the junction with the Sussex Greensand Way. The road recrossed the Ouse at the mill site and was found intact in a field to the south, wide, solidly constructed from flint and a little slag. Some pottery fragments found at the road edge suggest a date of 100 A.D. or earlier. Beyond this some of road have been eroded away by the river, then the course of the road can be traced by slag in the fields west of Wellingham House. The modern A26 road runs on the line from Pay Gate Cottages, past Upper Stoneham Farm, then turns southwest to skirt round Malling Down while the Roman road continues along the east side of the allotments and over the shoulder of the down to Cliffe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440999" title="Gulsher">
Gulsher

Gulsher is a village adjacent to Basirpur, Depalpur, Okara District, Pakistan. 
Originally an agricultural area, the local economy has expanded to include quarrying, transport, and remittances from relatives working in other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21441006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441006" title="Sanningasoq">
Sanningasoq

Sanningasoq (old spelling: "Sáningassoq") is a large oligotrophic twin lake in central-western Greenland, in the Qeqqata municipality. It is located approximately northeast of Kangerlussuaq. It is characteristic in that it is composed of two lakes connected via a narrow water passage through a broken isthmus. Its northwestern shore is at and its southeastern shore at . 
Geography.
The 2x10 km twin lake is separated from the Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua valley and Kangerlussuaq in the south by a low tundra ridge − part of the Kangaamiut dike swarm. To the east lies a sibling Aajuitsup Tasia lake, separated from Sanningasoq by a low marshland itshmus of little relief. To the north-east lies the Maniitsoq hill in the wide highland of Isunngua. The wide Tarajornitsut tundra highland lies to the west of the lake.
The surface of Sanningasoq is almost level with the surface of the neighboring Aajuitsup Tasia, both being in the ancient outflow path of Russell Glacier, and by extension, Sermersuaq, the Greenland Ice Sheet. The local depression part of which is occupied by the lake continues for several dozen kilometers in the west-north-western direction towards Sarfannguit and Sisimiut.

</doc>
<doc id="21441007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441007" title="Andre Beaudoin">
Andre Beaudoin

Andre Beaudoin is a Paralympic athlete from Canada competing mainly in category T52 sprint events.
He competed in the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he won a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - 1C event, a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - 1C event, a silver medal in the men's 400 metres - 1C event and a bronze medal in the men's 800 metres - 1C event. He also competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - TW2 event, a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - TW2 event, finished fourth in the men's 800 metres - TW2 event and finished tenth in the men's Marathon - TW2 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T51 event, a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T51 event, finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T51 event and finished sixth in the men's 1500 metres - T51 event. He also competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T52 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T52 event and finished fourth in the men's 400 metres - T52 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T52 event, a silver medal in the men's 400 metres - T52 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T52 event and finished fifth in the men's 800 metres - T52 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T52 event, finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T52 event, finished eighth in the men's 400 metres - T52 event and finished seventh in the men's 800 metres - T52 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441012" title="Alice Riley">
Alice Riley

Alice Cushing Donaldson Riley (1867–1955) was an American an author of children's poetry, stories, books, songs, and several one-act plays. Her best known work was "Slumber Boat", a children’s lullaby co-written with her dear friend Dorothy "Jessie" L. Gaynor. She is responsible for establishing clubs, including The Riley Circle, which led to the Drama Club of Evanston, inspired the Drama League of America, was a charter club member of the Garden Club of Evanston, and initiated the Evanston Arts Center. 
Bio.
Riley was born March 18, 1887 on a farm near Morrison, Illinois in Whiteside County and died in Pasadena, California in 1953. She lived for a good portion of her life in Evanston, Illinois, from 1898 until 1931, where she raised her children and wrote children's lyrics, plays, operettas, and stories.
Riley was raised by strict parents who did not encourage her or her sisters to dance or play cards at home. Instead they amused themselves with housework and games such as authors, dominoes, and jack-straws. However, music always filled her house as her father played the cello and sang tenor in the church choir, while her sisters played the piano and sang. Even as a very young child she enjoyed the excitement of getting dressed up in a new outfit for a trip into the village square.
At age 16 she saw her first play, Richard Wagner’s "Tannhäuser", performed by Gilmore’s Band at the local opera house, which excited her enormously. Her interest in drama became well established and secured a lifelong interest in the arts.
Along with a passion for drama, Riley developed a keen interest in gardening at a very young age. Her ailing grandfather lived with the Riley family from when she was six years old until his death, and he demanded she tend the garden with him.
Personal life.
Alice Cushing Donaldson married Harrison Riley April 3, 1889 and had two children, Donald and Dorothy. Alice and Harrison lived at 1822 Sheridan Road in Evanston, Illinois (now demolished), before retiring to Pasadena, California.
Career.
Through the influence of her cousin Sara Collins, Riley moved to Chicago in 1885 to teach primary grade girls at the Park Institute finishing school. In her spare time she learned French and music at the school. At the end of her term at the school she moved to Nebraska to work with her brother-in-law Harry Palmer, copying records from the county clerk’s office, which led to work at the Statehouse in Lincoln, Nebraska. When she returned to Chicago, Riley resumed weekly French lessons while rooming on Warren Ave in Chicago. It is here she met her neighbor Dorothy (Jessie) L. Gaynor in 1896. 
Gaynor started a music class, which Riley joined, and they soon exchanged lessons; Riley taught Gaynor French, while Gaynor taught Riley music composition. Riley made up some lyrics to finish her lesson on lullabies, and Gaynor was so impressed she asked her to write lyrics for a song for her daughter. They quickly began collaborating with Riley's writing lyrics and Gaynor's putting them to music. The songs they collaborated on were mostly for children, finding inspiration from the domestic scene. 
Their best-known collaboration is called "Slumber Boat", which Gaynor sang in her recital work. Soon, the song received notoriety and they were approached by an agent from John Church Company of Cincinnati, Ohio, who wanted to publish a children’s kindergarten book. The resulting book, "Playtime Songs", was very successful all over the United States and in Canada, England, and English schools in Japan.
In 1901, Riley got in the habit of having her friend Marie Bartlett over for tea on Thursday afternoons. Initially, she would read while Marie sewed and they discussed current events. Soon other neighbors joined in, and before long, the expanding group was named the Riley Circle. The Riley Circle met at her home in Evanston for many years following the same format, but a lecture given by James O’Donnell Bennett at the Chicago Woman’s Club proved critical and changed the Riley Circle agenda from discussing current affairs to reading plays. At the lecture, O’Donnell stressed that Chicago needed to develop an educated audience for drama and the immense influence women could bring toward this goal. Riley credits this lecture for the idea to transform the Riley Circle into the Drama Club of Evanston. The organization was formally founded in 1909, making it the first drama club in the world, according to The Evanston Review, April 24, 1947. In 1929 Riley spent her time between her two residences in Evanston, Illinois and Pasadena, California and it was during this time she co-founded the Evanston Art Center. On a trip back to Evanston in September 1929, she outlined the plan for the Arts Center, collaborated with the library board and put through all resolutions and programs. By October 1929, Riley and the Art Center committee had appointed all committee members and planned details for the Art Center opening which was held October 28, 1929 in the center’s rooms at the Evanston Public Library. Through her work in the Riley Circle, the Drama Club of Evanston and the Evanston Arts Center, Riley galvanized interest in the arts in Evanston. She provided a forum for like minded women to discuss the local arts scene and made the arts come alive in Evanston, a city which today still boasts a vibrant arts scene.
Her best known published works are: "Songs of the Child World", "Lilts and Lyrics", and "The Lost Princess Bo-Peep", in collaboration with the composer, Jessie Gaynor (1863–1921). Her best-known lyrics are probably the words to the lullaby entitled "The Slumber Boat" (later also known as "The American Cradle Song"), published in 1898, which she wrote for her own children:

</doc>
<doc id="21441024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441024" title="Røykenvik Station">
Røykenvik Station

Røykenvik Station () was the terminal station of the Røykenvik Line. Located in Gran, Norway, it opened on 20 December 1900 as part of the North Line. The station was first called Røikenvik, but changed to the current spelling in April 1924. The station was a changeover from train to steam ship. It was eventually closed along with the Røykenvik Line.
The name.
The station is named after a nearby inlet in Randsfjorden. The first element is the name of the old farm Røyken (Norse "Raukvin"), the last element is "vik" 'inlet, cove'. For the meaning of the farm name see Røyken.

</doc>
<doc id="21441027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441027" title="Phelan Beale">
Phelan Beale

Phelan Beale (May 23, 1881 – June 12, 1956) was a wealthy attorney and sportsman in New York City.
Beale, who was married to Edith Ewing Bouvier, an aunt of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, is probably best remembered as the absent father chronicled in the Grey Gardens saga portrayed in a 1975 movie documentary, 2006 Broadway musical, and 2009 HBO Film, all of which were named for his home in East Hampton, New York.
Biography.
Beale was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and grew up in Montgomery, Alabama. He graduated from the University of the South in 1902 and from Columbia University Law School in 1905.
He was the grandson of John D. Phelan, an Alabama Speaker of the House, Alabama Supreme Court Justice.
He formed the law practice of Bouvier and Beale with Jacqueline Onassis's grandfather, "Major" John Vernou Bouvier, Jr.
In 1917 he married Bouvier's daughter Edith Ewing Bouvier (later nicknamed "Big Edie"). Among their children were Edith Bouvier Beale ("Little Edie"), Phelan Beale, Jr., of Tulsa, and Bouvier Beale of Glen Cove, Long Island. Ushers at the January 17, 1917, wedding at St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York in New York City included Jackie's father John Vernou Bouvier III and W. Seargant Bouvier.
In 1924 he acquired the 28-room Grey Gardens mansion fronting the ocean (the oceanfront parcels were sold much later) in the Georgica Pond neighborhood.
He and his wife separated circa 1926 and were legally divorced in 1931, but continued his presence in East Hampton. As part of the divorce, Edith was given the East Hampton house, Grey Gardens.
He owned the Grey Goose Gun Club of Cedar Point, a hunting preserve at what is now Cedar Point County Park in East Hampton. In 1937 he expanded it by buying the abandoned Cedar Island Light on an island next to his property. Washed up sand during the New England Hurricane of 1938 joined the island to the land via an isthmus. The lodge itself is now the park foreman's residence just north of the park's general store.
He remarried in 1947 to Dorothy D. Durham of Poplarville, Mississippi. He died in Pass Christian, Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="21441034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441034" title="Otto Krueger (baseball)">
Otto Krueger (baseball)

Arthur William "Otto" Krueger (September 17, 1876 – February 20, 1961) was a Major League Baseball player. Krueger played from to with several teams. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in St. Louis, Missouri.
He was nicknamed "Oom Paul" after the president of the Transvaal, Paul Kruger, reflecting the strong American interest in the South African War.

</doc>
<doc id="21441060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441060" title="AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships">
AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships

The Youth World Amateur Boxing Championships, or AIBA Youth World Championships, is a boxing championship event organised by the AIBA for "Youth" competitors who are under the age of 19 years old. It is biennially competition which began in 2008 in Guadalajara, Mexico.
History.
The competition is under the supervision of the world's governing body for amateur boxing AIBA and is the junior version of the World Amateur Boxing Championships.
The Youth World Championships replaced the Junior World Championships which ran from 1979 to 2006.
Competitors compete is 11 weight divisions, which as:

</doc>
<doc id="21441071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441071" title="Charlotta Norberg">
Charlotta Norberg

Maria Charlotta (or Charlotte) Norberg, as married "Törner", (27 December 1824 in Stockholm – 25 February 1892), Swedish Ballerina and ballet teacher. She was counted as one of the greatest stars of the Swedish Ballet in the 19th century.
Norberg was accepted as a student of Sophie Daguin at the Royal Swedish Ballet in the Royal Swedish Opera at Stockholm in 1833, at the age of nine. She debuted as a solo-dancer in 1834. In 1842, she made a success in the pantomime "Max och Emma" (Max and Emma) by Sophie Daguin, and in "La fille mal gardée" by d'Auberval, with music by A. F. Schwartz. In 1846–47, she was a student of August Bournonville in the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen, and at her return to Stockholm in 1847, she was made premier dancer, a position she kept for the rest of her career. During the 1850s, she was one of the most popular ballerinas in Sweden. She is described as one of the most prominent dancers of the "Bournonville School"; during his frecquent stays as a guest ballet master in Stockholm, August Bournonville often requested her and Johanna Gillberg-Sundberg in his productions. She also educated her own students in this school of dance.
In 1853, she married Gustaf Fredrik Törner, a clerc at the Opera. Charlotta Norberg performed on stage the last time 30 November 1859 in "Pesten i Albano" (The plague in Albano) by August Bournonville, and the judgement was, that she retired much too soon.

</doc>
<doc id="21441077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441077" title="Josh George">
Josh George

Joshua George is a Paralympian athlete from the United States competing in category T53 events ranging from sprints to the marathon.
At the 2004 Summer Paralympics, George participated in seven events, winning bronze medals in the 100 and 400 metre races. He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 100 metres - T53 event, a silver medal in the men's 800 metres - T53 event, went out in the semi-finals of the men's 1500 metres - T53 event, finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T53 event, went out in the first round of the men's 400 metres - T53 event, went out in the first round of the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T53 event and finished sixteenth in the men's Marathon - T54 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441096" title="British Aircraft Double Eagle">
British Aircraft Double Eagle

__NOTOC__
The British Aviation B.A.IV Double Eagle was a British twin-engined six-seater monoplane designed and built by the British Aircraft Manufacturing Company of London Air Park, Hanworth, England.
Design and development.
The Double Eagle was a twin-engined high-wing monoplane with a retractable landing gear, the main gear retracting backwards into the engine nacelles. It was powered by two 130hp (97kW) de Havilland Gipsy Major engines and was first flown in 1936. Double Eagle G-AEIN was entered into the Schlesinger Race (from Portsmouth to Johannesburg) in 1936 and flown by Tommy Rose but was retired when it got damaged on an airfield in Cairo, due to the undercarriage folding. Only three aircraft were built. The second aircraft, fitted with two de Havilland Gipsy VIs ended its life as an instructional airframe with the Royal Air Force in 1941. The last aircraft was sold in South Africa as an aerial surveying aircraft, it was impressed into service with 60 Squadron of the South African Air Force in 1940.
Other information says, that two Double Eagles were produced, and both were impressed by the RAF. G-ADVV (ES 949) was used by Armstrong-Whitworth, and later Parnall, G-AEIN (ES 950) as instructional airframe. 

</doc>
<doc id="21441142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441142" title="Mickey Bushell">
Mickey Bushell

Michael David Bushell MBE (born 8 June 1990) is a Paralympic athlete from Telford, Shropshire, England competing mainly in category T53 sprint events after being born without seven vertebrae in his back.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T53 event and went out in the first round of the men's 200 metres - T53 event. Bushell also holds British Records for the T53 class in the 100m 200m 400m 800m and the European T53 class 100m
On 19 June 2009, Bushell set a new 100m T53 world record in Ibach, Switzerland, beating the old record by three one-hundredths of a second.
On 3 September, in the London 2012 Paralympics, he won a gold medal for Great Britain in the T53 100m in a time of 14.75 seconds, just shy of the World Record time of 14.47 seconds.
Bushell was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="21441162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441162" title="Houston mayoral election, 2001">
Houston mayoral election, 2001

The Houston Mayoral Election of 2001 took place on November 6, 2001. Incumbent Mayor Lee Brown was re-elected to a third term. Officially the race was non-partisan. None of the candidates received a majority of the votes, so a run-off election was held on December 1, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21441175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441175" title="Carmel, Virginia">
Carmel, Virginia

Carmel is an unincorporated community in Shenandoah County, Virginia, USA. Carmel lies within Fort Valley at the crossroads of Virginia Secondary Route 678 (Fort Valley Road) and Oak Tree Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21441179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441179" title="El Fahs">
El Fahs

El Fahs () is a town and commune located in the Zaghouan Governorate, 60 kilometers south-west of Tunis, Tunisia. Its population in 2004 was 19,315. 
It is located in the Wadi Miliane valley, surrounded by mountains, in particular the Djebel Zaghouan. The Roman site of Thuburbo Majus is located 3km away. Under the French protectorate, the city was known as Pont du Fahs, (trans. "Bridge-of-Fahs"), named after the remains of a Roman era bridge in the vicinity. The town was the site of a WWII battle during the Tunisia Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="21441200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441200" title="Yu Shiran">
Yu Shiran

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T53 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T53 event and went out in the first round of the men's 400 metres - T53 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441208" title="Cardium Formation">
Cardium Formation

The Cardium Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It takes the name from the fossilized Cockle (Cardiidae) shells that it contains, and it was first described along the Bow River banks by James Hector in 1895. It is present throughout western Alberta and in northeastern British Columbia, and it is a major source of petroleum and natural gas.
Lithology.
The Cardium Formation is composed primarily of beds of massive, fine-grained to conglomeratic sandstone, which are separated by thick layers of shale. The formation is subdivided into the following members from top to base:
In central Alberta, the formation is divided into the Pembina River Member and Cardium Zone.
Distribution.
The Cardium Formation was deposited during the Turonian and Coniacian stages of the Late Cretaceous along the western edge of the Alberta Foreland Basin. It extends northward from the Canada-United States border to northeastern British Columbia near Dawson Creek, and eastward from the foothills of the Canadian Rockies into the plains of southern and central Alberta. Beyond there, the sandstones grade into shale.
Relationship to other units.
Due to its large areal extent, the Cardium Formation falls within different stratigraphic groups in different regions (Alberta Group, Colorado Group, and Smoky Group). It is conformably overlain by the Wapiabi Formation and underlain by the Blackstone Formation. The formation is partly equivalent to the Kaskapau Formation.
Hydrocarbon production.
Natural gas is produced from the Cardium Formation in the Athabasca River area and the foothills in western Alberta, and oil is produced in the Pembina oil field of central Alberta. The sandstones of the formation have good storage potential and stratigraphic traps are formed by the thick overlying shales of the Wapiabi Formation and Muskiki Formation, while the underlying black shale of the Blackstone Formation and Kaskapau Formation are good source rocks.
The Cardium Formation had an initial established recoverable oil reserve of 305 million m³, with 220.9 million m³ already produced as of 2008. Gas reserves totaled 88.3 million e³m³, with 30.8 million e³m³ already produced.
Drilling for oil in the Cardium Formation rebounded in 2009 when horizontal drilling and multi-stage fracturing technology increased the oil recovery factor. Driven by technology, drilling in the four decades old Pembina oil field increased, re-launching the field to the center of Alberta's oil economy.
Public companies.
Throughout 2009, there has been consolidation underway, where land sales, corporate transactions, and consolidation of public companies with Cardium assets have been acquired by those intending to apply newer recovery techniques to improve field economics. Oil and gas companies that are part of this activity include: PetroBakken (, through its acquisitions of Berens Energy, Result Energy and Rondo Petroleum), Daylight Resources Trust (, through its acquisition of Highpine Energy and merger with West Energy, ), PennWest (, with a large land base), Paramount Resources ( through its acquisition of Profound Energy),Bonterra Energy, Crescent Point Energy (, through its acquisition of TriAxon Resources), and the smaller Bellatrix (), Delphi Energy (), Peyto Energy Trust (). Dozens of other companies have land leases in the Cardium fairway, but have not employed horizontal drilling in the Cardium. Exxon Mobil has recently started testing the Cardium Formation 

</doc>
<doc id="21441216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441216" title="Detrick, Virginia">
Detrick, Virginia

Detrick is an unincorporated community in Shenandoah County, Virginia, USA. Detrick lies within Fort Valley at the crossroads of Virginia Secondary Route 678 (Fort Valley Road) and Seven Fountains Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21441229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441229" title="Emeka Nwajiobi">
Emeka Nwajiobi

Emeka Nwajiobi (born 25 May 1959) is a former professional footballer. Emeka had a short footballing career but became a firm favourite with the Luton Town fans in the mid-1980s. 
He started out at non-league Dulwich Hamlet in South London before moving to Luton Town in late 1983. he made his debut in 1984 and played until 1988 when a severe injury ended his career. He played in the notorious 1985 Kenilworth Road riot game when spectators from the Millwall enclosure invaded the pitch and damaged the stands prior to the match.
During this period he played four times for the Nigerian national side.
After retirement from football, Nwajiobi pursued a career in pharmacy.
Nwajiobi was followed into football, also at Dulwich Hamlet, by his younger brother Ifeanyi 'Nigel' Nwajiobi.

</doc>
<doc id="21441236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441236" title="Andy Paiko">
Andy Paiko

Andy Paiko (born September 10, 1977, Woodland, California, United States) is an American glass sculptor. He co-founded Central Coast Glass Artist Studio in 2002, was named Searchlight Artist 2008 by the American Craft Council, and was selected for the Smithsonian American Art Museum and Renwick Gallery's 2012 exhibition "40 under 40: Craft Futures".

</doc>
<doc id="21441244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441244" title="Mineshaft Handicap">
Mineshaft Handicap

The Mineshaft Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race for four-year-olds and up run at the Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana early in the year. A Grade III stakes race, it's set at a distance of 1 and one-sixteenth mile on the dirt, and offers a purse of $125,000.
It's named for the fine competitor Mineshaft, now a promising stallion standing at Lane's End Farm.
This race was originally called The Whirlaway Handicap to honor the great Whirlaway.

</doc>
<doc id="21441254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441254" title="Public School No. 109">
Public School No. 109

Public School No. 109, also known as Male and Female Primary School No. 5 and Broadway School, was a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was a two story red brick utilitarian building featured a central tower capped by a pediment, two large chimneys with arched openings, and an entrance appendage on the south façade housing a stairwell. It was constructed in 1876 as an "open plan" school with classes separated by glass partitions. It was demolished in late 2003/early 2004 in order to make room for the Kennedy Krieger Institute’s new “Community Behavioral Health Center.”
Public School No. 109 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21441286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441286" title="Leo-Pekka Tähti">
Leo-Pekka Tähti

Leo-Pekka Tähti (born 22 June 1983, Pori, Finland) is an athlete and Paralympian from Finland competing mainly in category T54 sprint events.
He won the gold medal in the 100m and 200m events at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. He also competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, winning a gold medal in the men's 100 metres - T54 event and a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T54 event. In the 2012 Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, he won the gold medal in the 100 metre T54 event after recording a new world record 13.63 in the qualifying round.

</doc>
<doc id="21441288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441288" title="James Dunkerley">
James Dunkerley

James Chadwick Dunkerley OBE is Professor of Politics at Queen Mary, University of London, and the former Director of the Institute for the Study of the Americas. He has written extensively on Bolivia, Central America, and elsewhere in Latin America.
Dunkerley was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="21441293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441293" title="Puerto Rico Islanders managers">
Puerto Rico Islanders managers

Managers.
"Information correct as of match played September 21, 2008. Only competitive matches are counted"

</doc>
<doc id="21441296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441296" title="Always and Forever (film)">
Always and Forever (film)

Always and Forever is a Hallmark television film released in October 2009, starring Dean McDermott, Barbara Eden, and Rena Sofer. It was written by Riley Weston and directed by Kevin Connor. The movie runs 86 minutes and was produced by Larry Levinson Productions.
Plot.
A pair of high school sweethearts, Grace (Rena Sofer) and Michael (Dean Mcdermott), are reunited at a school reunion twenty years after they parted ways for her to go to college for interior design. They soon realize that their love has survived the years, but their renewed affection is complicated by Philip (Rob Boltin), Grace's current boyfriend, the meddling of Grace's mother (Barbara Eden), Graces son Scott, and Grace and Michael's assistants. In the end, however, their love is realized and they get married. (Also their assistants get married.)

</doc>
<doc id="21441297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441297" title="Lambesis Studios">
Lambesis Studios

Lambesis Studios was started in 2006 during the recording of As I Lay Dyings album "An Ocean Between Us." It is owned by Tim Lambesis and Daniel Castleman and located in San Diego.
The records that have been recorded or mixed there include:

</doc>
<doc id="21441315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441315" title="Public School No. 37">
Public School No. 37

Public School No. 37, also known as Patrick Henry School and Primary School No. 37, is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is an elaborately detailed -story Georgian Revival structure. The entrance portico has six freestanding columns, rustication at the base, lintels, and quoins, and a large slate-shingled hip roof. It was built in 1896 for $25,000.
Public School No. 37 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21441360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441360" title="Houston mayoral election, 1999">
Houston mayoral election, 1999

The Houston Mayoral Election of 1999 took place on November 2, 1999. Incumbent Mayor Lee Brown was re-elected to a second term. The election was officially non-partisan.

</doc>
<doc id="21441381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441381" title="Public School No. 99">
Public School No. 99

Public School No. 99, also known as Columbus School, is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a two story Romanesque Revival styled structure constructed in 1891 and expanded in 1905 and 1912. It features a three story central square tower with pyramidal roof and a flanking pair of cylindrical corner towers with conical roofs. The structure is currently used as the South Clifton Park Community Center.
Public School No. 99 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21441388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441388" title="Monroe Sweetland">
Monroe Sweetland

Monroe Mark Sweetland (January 20, 1910 – September 10, 2006) was an American politician in the state of Oregon. A native of the state, he served in both houses of the Oregon Legislative Assembly starting in 1953 for a total of ten years. A Democrat, he also twice ran and lost bids to serve as the Oregon Secretary of State and was a Democratic National Committeeman. Sweetland later served on the staff of the National Education Association, supporting passage of the Bilingual Education Act of 1968.
Early life.
Monroe Sweetland was born on January 20, 1910, in Salem, Oregon. His father, Dr. G. J. Sweetland, was a doctor who also served as athletic director at Willamette University. When Sweetland was two, the family moved to Michigan where he remained until college. At the age of 11 in 1922 he and a friend organized a city caucus to elect candidates after learning that none had been scheduled. Sweetland graduated from Wittenberg College in Springfield, Ohio, with a bachelor's of art degree in 1930. He then entered law school at Syracuse University and later Cornell University. In 1931, he married Lillie Megrath whom he met in law school. They had two daughters, Barbara and Rebecca.
Political career.
In the early 1930s, Sweetland was as an activist in the Socialist Party and a field organizer for the Student League for Industrial Democracy . He supported Norman Thomas, Socialist for president and SLID activist, in his 1932 campaign. In 1935, Sweetland and his family returned to Oregon to work as the Executive Director of the Oregon Commonwealth Federation (OCF), a liberal organization whose goals included public power, increased membership in labor unions, civil rights, and social security. Sweetland at that time left the Socialist Party to become a Democrat. The OCF helped engineer the defeat of conservative Democrat Governor Charles Martin in 1938. The winner of the primary, Henry Hess, was defeated in the general election, but the primary victory emboldened Sweetland and other liberals, who saw moderate Republican Governor Charles Sprague as an improvement over Martin.
Sweetland held federal and labor-relations appointments between 1940 and 1943 and then joined the American Red Cross, serving in the Pacific theater of operations for two years. It was during this time that he became acquainted with fellow Oregon Democrat Howard Morgan, who would, upon war's end, help Sweetland organize Democratic victories in Oregon.
In 1948 Sweetland was elected as a Harry Truman delegate, as well as Oregon Democratic National Committeeman, thereby successfully wresting control of the Democratic Party from a reactionary "Dixiecrat" element and becoming the highest ranking Democratic official in the state. This position made him the figure consulted by President Truman regarding federal appointments in Oregon. During the ensuing eight years, under Sweetland's leadership, the modern progressive Oregon Democratic Party emerged, with victories in the governorship, both houses of Congress, and in the Oregon State Legislature. One of the primary goals of the Oregon Democratic Party during those years was the creation of the Columbia Valley Authority (CVA), a national public power entity modeled on the Tennessee Valley Authority. Although many in the Pacific Northwest favored the creation of the CVA, conservative Democrats like former Oregon Governor Oswald West and most Republicans opposed and defeated the idea of the creation of the CVA. West, viewed as a progressive governor from 1911 to 1914, later worked as a lobbyist for a large utility, and became a public critic of Sweetland, erroneously accusing him and other liberal Democrats such as federal judge and former Oregon Commonwealth Federation member Gus J. Solomon of having Communist affiliations.
Elected to the Oregon House of Representatives in 1952 to represent District 7 from Milwaukie, Sweetland was the first Democrat in two decades to win a seat from Clackamas County in the lower chamber house. He won election to the Oregon State Senate in 1954 and re-election in 1958 to a second four-year term, spending a total of ten years in the legislature. Sweetland wanted to run for U.S. Congress in Oregon's 3rd Congressional district in 1954, but was dissuaded by some Democratic peers, including Howard Morgan and State Senator Richard Neuberger, who feared that, especially during the time of "McCarthyism", Sweetland's past Socialist ties would result in his defeat and that of other Democrats just as the party was beginning its rise. Sweetland decided to not run, and, in the fall, Democrat Edith Green won election in the 3rd Congressional District, while Neuberger won a close race for U.S. Senate, becoming the first Democrat elected to that position from Oregon in four decades.
Sweetland ran for secretary of state in 1956, losing narrowly to fellow State Senator Mark Hatfield. However, the years of organizing by Sweetland, Morgan and others, combined with public support for public power, resulted in a Democratic sweep in Oregon. Senator Wayne Morse, a Republican turned Independent, was courted by Morgan and pushed more aggressively by Sweetland to join the Democratic party, and Morse registered as a Democrat in 1955. Morse easily defeated former Oregon Republican governor and Eisenhower Interior Secretary Douglas McKay in the 1956 election. Robert Holmes won a special election for Governor. Edith Green was re-elected in the 3rd Congressional District, while Charles O. Porter won in the 4th Congressional District and Al Ullman, a strong CVA advocate, won in the 2nd Congressional District and would serve 24 years in Congress. The Democrats, who had been such a minority in the Oregon Legislature that people joked the party could caucus in a phone booth, won majorities in both the Oregon House and Senate for the first time since 1878.
In 1960, Sweetland again ran for secretary of state and lost, this time to Howell Appling, who had been appointed by Hatfield as his successor upon Hatfield's election as Governor in 1958. During his years as a part-time Oregon legislator, Sweetland was a newspaper publisher in Milwaukie (his home), while also owning papers in Newport, and Molalla. While in the legislature he worked to turn what was then Portland State College into a full university to better serve Portland, for which he was honored with the President's Award from the school in 1995. Sweetland also worked to lower the voting age to 18 from 21. Additionally, he sponsored legislation to provide scholarships for Oregonians to attend state universities. His last session in the legislature was representing then District 11 in the Oregon Senate during the 1961 session.
As a prominent Democrat in one of the few states to hold presidential primaries at that time, Sweetland was contacted by candidates such as Adlai Stevenson, W. Averell Harriman, Estes Kefauver and their staffs. Despite his great admiration for the more liberal Senator Hubert Humphrey, Sweetland chose to support Senator John F. Kennedy for the 1960 Democratic Presidential nomination. Sweetland appeared with Kennedy on many of his visits to Oregon in 1959/60, was a paid Kennedy campaign organizer, and was elected as a delegate on the 1960 Democratic primary ballot. Oregon's support for Kennedy over Morse (Humphrey had dropped out of the race by then) made Sweetland and the others automatic Kennedy delegates per the state's winner-take-all rules at the time. Kennedy won the nomination, but upset Sweetland and other liberals by picking the runner-up, Senator Lyndon Johnson, as his running mate.
In 1963, Sweetland taught journalism at a college in Indonesia, a country that had fascinated him since meeting Indonesians during World War II.
Later life.
He and his family moved to San Mateo, California, in 1965, where Sweetland served as the National Education Association (NEA) representative to 13 states in the west until mandatory retirement in 1975. In that role he advocated the use of federal money to provide support to schools to encourage them to teach English as a second language in certain situations. This led to the Bilingual Education Act of 1968, which he considered his most important contribution.
After leaving the NEA he founded Western Wilderness Products, in San Mateo where he worked gathering rare plants until 1994. Sweetland's wife died in 1985. Sweetland returned to Oregon in 1994 and spent his final years as an elder statesman, including an unsuccessful run for his old State Senate seat at age 88 in 1998. By that time he was legally blind, and in the election he lost to his friend, moderate Republican Verne Duncan for District 12. Sweetland was very active in organizations such as the Democratic Party of Oregon, The City Club of Portland, and the Wayne Morse Historical Park in Eugene. He often took a Metro bus from near his home in Milwaukie to downtown Portland, navigating the downtown streets by himself. Monroe Sweetland died on September 10, 2006, at the age of 96 in Milwaukie. Duncan delivered a eulogy at Sweetland’s memorial service, as did Governor Ted Kulongoski. Toward the end of his life, a scholarship was established in Sweetland's name at Portland State University, funded by his friends, most prominently King (NBC) Broadcasting executive Ancil Payne of Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="21441389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441389" title="Storylines of Shortland Street (2010)">
Storylines of Shortland Street (2010)

This article details the storylines of the TVNZ soap opera "Shortland Street" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21441414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441414" title="Civil War Defenses of Washington">
Civil War Defenses of Washington

Civil War Defenses of Washington (also known as Fort Circle Parks) is a collection of National Park Service properties in and around Washington, D.C. joined by a similar historic theme. Other forts have become state and city parks, in the area. Together they commemorate the defense of the capital during the American Civil War.
History.
The Washington area had 68 major enclosed forts, as well as 93 prepared (but unarmed) batteries for field guns, and seven blockhouses surrounding it during the American Civil War.There were also twenty miles of rifle pits and thirty miles of connecting military roads."" These were Union forts, and the Confederacy never captured one. Indeed, most never came under enemy fire. These were used to house soldiers and store artillery and other supplies.
List of Historic Forts.
The following forts are listed in the National Register of Historic Places nomination form.
Development of "Fort Circle".
In 1919 the Commissioners of the District of Columbia pushed Congress to pass a bill to consolidate the aging forts into a "Fort Circle" system of parks that would ring the growing city of Washington. As envisioned by the Commissioners, the Fort Circle would be a green ring of parks outside the city, owned by the government, and connected by a "Fort Drive" road in order to allow Washington's citizens to easily escape the confines of the capital. However, the bill allowing for the purchase of the former forts, which had been turned back over to private ownership after the war, failed to pass both the House of Representatives and Senate.
Despite that failure, in 1925 a similar bill passed both the House and Senate, which allowed for the creation of the National Capital Parks Commission (NCPC) to oversee the construction of a Fort Circle of parks similar to that proposed in 1919. The NCPC was authorized to begin purchasing land occupied by the old forts, much of which had been turned over to private ownership following the war. Records indicate that the site of Fort Stanton was purchased for a total of $56,000 in 1926. The duty of purchasing land and constructing the fort parks changed hands several times throughout the 1920s and 1930s, eventually culminating with the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service taking control of the project in the 1940s.
During the Great Depression, crews from the Civilian Conservation Corps embarked on projects to improve and maintain the parks, which were still under the control of District authority at that time. At Fort Stanton, CCC members trimmed trees and cleared brush, as well as maintaining and constructing park buildings. Various non-park buildings were also discussed for the land. The City Department of Education proposed building a school on park land, while authorities from the local water utility suggested the construction of a water tower would be suitable for the tall hills of the park. The Second World War interrupted these plans, and post-war budget cuts instituted by President Harry S. Truman postponed the construction of the Fort Drive once more. Though land for the parks had mostly been purchased, construction of the ring road connecting them was pushed back again and again. Other projects managed to find funding, however. In 1949, President Truman approved a supplemental appropriation request of $175,000 to construct "a swimming pool and associated facilities" at Fort Stanton Park.
By 1963, when President John F. Kennedy began pushing Congress to finally build the Fort Circle Drive, many in Washington and the National Park Service were openly questioning whether the plan had outgrown its usefulness. After all, by this time, Washington had grown past the ring of forts that had protected it a century earlier, and city surface roads already connected the parks, albeit not in as linear a route as envisioned. The plan to link the fort parks via a grand drive was quietly dropped in the years that followed.
Administration.
Forts Foote, Greble, Stanton, Ricketts, Davis, Dupont, Chaplin, Mahan, and Battery Carroll are administered by National Capital Parks-East. Forts Bunker Hill, Totten, Slocum, Stevens, DeRussy, Reno, Bayard, Battery Kemble, and Battleground National Cemetery are administered by Rock Creek Park. Fort Marcy is administered by George Washington Memorial Parkway.

</doc>
<doc id="21441416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441416" title="Louise d'Orléans, Princess of Bavaria (1869–1952)">
Louise d'Orléans, Princess of Bavaria (1869–1952)

Princess Louise d'Orléans (Louise Victoire Marie Amélie Sophie; 19 July 1869 – 4 February 1952) was a French princess of the House of Orléans and a member of the royal family of Bavaria. Throughout her life Louise remained very close to her first cousin, the Austrian archduchess Marie Valerie of Habsburg-Lorraine.
Family.
Princess Louise was born at Bushy House, Teddington, England in 1869, a daughter of the French prince Ferdinand Philippe Marie d'Orléans, "duc d'Alençon", and his wife Duchess Sophie Charlotte in Bavaria, herself a sister of Empress Elisabeth of Austria ("Sisi") and Queen Marie of the Two Sicilies, the heroine of Gaëte. Her paternal grandparents were Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Prince Louis Charles Philippe d'Orléans, "duc de Nemours", the second son of Louis-Philippe I, King of the French. Louise had a younger brother, Prince Emmanuel d'Orléans, "duc de Vendôme".
On 15 April 1891 she married her cousin the infante of Spain Alfons of Bavaria at Schloss Nymphenburg. He was the son of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria (1828–1875) and his wife, Amelia de Bourbon (1834–1905).
They had two children:
In Paris on 4 May 1897, her mother the famed "duchesse d'Alençon" died in a fire at a charity bazaar (the "Bazar de la Charité"); she had refused rescue attempts, insisting that the girls working with her at the bazaar be saved first. Princess Louise of Bavaria died in 1952 in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="21441424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441424" title="Nacimiento Formation">
Nacimiento Formation

The Nacimiento Formation is a sedimentary rock formation found in the San Juan Basin of western New Mexico (United States) and named for the Nacimiento Mountains. It is a heterogeneous nonmarine formation composed of shale, siltstone, and sandstone, deposited in floodplain, fluvial and lacustrine settings, and made up of sediment shed from the San Juan uplift to the north and the Brazos-Sangre de Cristo uplift to the east. It was deposited mostly between ~64.5 and ~61 million years ago, during the early and middle Paleocene. The climate was humid and warm to hot. This unit interbeds with the underlying Ojo Alamo Formation but is separated by an unconformity from the overlying San Jose Formation.
Workers in the early 1900s divided the rocks of the Nacimiento Formation into two formations, the lower Puerco Formation and the upper Torrejon Formation. This was rejected on the grounds that there were no lithological differences between the two, only differences in fossil faunas, making determination of which formation was present in a given area impossible if fossils could not be found. The Puerco and Torrejon were retained as zones within the Nacimiento Formation, and their faunas became the basis of the Puercan and Torrejonian North American Land Mammal Ages.
The Nacimiento Formation is divided into several subunits known as members. In outcrops in southern areas of the formation, the Puercan fauna is found in the Arroyo Chijuillita Member, the Torrejonian fauna is found in the Ojo Encino Member, and the uppermost Escavada Member lacks age-diagnostic fossils. In northern outcrops, the two lower formations are indistinguishable, and are called the "main body". Above them are two more members, as yet unnamed except in a thesis. They preserve a younger, Tiffanian fauna. The Puercan and Torrejonian faunas are further subdivided into several biostratigraphic zones.
Many fossils are known from the Nacimiento Formation, although bone is often altered into phosphatic concretions. Fossils belonging to a number of different organisms have been found here, including: plants (mostly dicotyledonous angiosperms), gastropods, freshwater bivalves, cartilaginous fish and bony fish, salamanders, turtles, champsosaurs, amphisbaenians, lizards, snakes, crocodilians, birds, and a variety of archaic mammals. Mammalian groups represented include multituberculates, didelphid marsupials, insectivorans, plesiadapiforms, carnivorans, taeniodonts, mesonychids, condylarths, and cimolestans.

</doc>
<doc id="21441456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441456" title="Interglossa alphabet">
Interglossa alphabet

The Interglossa alphabet is a Latin alphabet that uses the 26 letters of the ISO basic Latin alphabet.

</doc>
<doc id="21441458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441458" title="Gompers School">
Gompers School

Gompers School, also known as Eastern High School and Samuel Gompers General Vocational School, is a historic high school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was designed and built during a period from 1904 to 1906 as a public high school and remained as an educational facility until its closing in 1981. It is a flat-roofed building on four floor levels, roughly square in plan. The interior layout is characterized by a series of classrooms ringing an open court to allow maximum ventilation and light.
Gompers School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21441493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441493" title="Román Martínez">
Román Martínez

Román Martínez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21441500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441500" title="When You Got Dry/How Much Is Enough">
When You Got Dry/How Much Is Enough

"When You Got Dry/How Much Is Enough" was a double A-Side single only released on 7 inch vinyl in November 1994 by Australian rock band You Am I. Due to a pressing fault, only 449 copies were ever produced out of what was to be a run of 1000, making this one of the rarest You Am I releases.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
All songs by Tim Rogers 
"Ken (The Mother Nature's Son)" and "How Much is Enough" also appear on Hi Fi Way. "When You Got Dry" was later released as a b-side on the "Tuesday" single. "Bitter Young Man Of The Fanzine Press" was later released on a Ra Records sampler called Rare Cords.

</doc>
<doc id="21441504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441504" title="Guy Cotten">
Guy Cotten

Guy Cotton is a French outdoor clothing manufacturer founded in 1964. It was founded by Guy Cotten (October 4, 1936 – April 3, 2013), and is known for its distinctive yellow oilskin items.
The company sells clothing and personal equipment in areas such as the fishing industry, all sea-related professions, outdoor, all-weather and safety clothing.
Company history.
Born in Saint-Yvi, Finistère, Guy Cotten was the first son of a farming family of seven children. Cotton's father died while he was seven years old; he had to work quickly and started a career as a racing cyclist, and then sold overalls in the Yvelines.
In 1964, Cotten started to sell clothes for commercial fishing at the harbour of Concarneau, and decided to launch his own workshop in order to create lighter and more resistant oilskins. He wanted to use nylon fabrics instead of the usual coated cotton. He conceived in 1966 the "Rosbras", a jacket with a double velcro and a zip fastener, which became the reference item of the brand. The jacket is made of a polyester fabric covered in a PVC from the Ardèche, seamed by a high frequency welding method which results in impossibility for any water to go through the stitches. The company started with only ten workers but due to its success and to respond to the important demand a new workshop opened in Trégunc.
In 1974, Alain Le Quernec drew the little yellow man which became the emblematic brand logo and in 1981 the slogan "L'abri du marin (the sailor's shelter)" is added.
In 1988, the company took over Piel owned by Pirelli, specialised in survival equipment. It took the company 4 years to design and create the TPS ("Thermal Protective Survival"), a soft, light and isolating survival suit which saved the life of Raphaël Dinelli and Thierry Dubois, during the Vendée Globe Race in 1996.
Guy Cotten became a multinational with subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, in Spain and in North America, The company is a market leader for the sea related professions and people practicing outdoors activities. The brand is present in 5000 outlets, of which 2000 are outside France, but the Rosbras jacket, the symbol of the brand, only represents 10% of overall sales nowadays.
In 2003, Nadine Bertholom, daughter of the founder, took charge of the company.
In 2006, the company dominated the Salon nautique de Paris with its capuche Magic ("Magic hood"), which follows the movements of the wearer's head.
The company also sponsors competitive sailors Gilles Gahinet, Florence Arthaud and Jean Le Cam, and is a partner to the French National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="21441519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441519" title="Cheerleaders (film)">
Cheerleaders (film)

Cheerleaders is an American pornographic film, released in 2008 by Digital Playground. It won 4 AVN awards and was nominated for 5 others.

</doc>
<doc id="21441550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441550" title="Telephone Road">
Telephone Road

Telephone Road is a street in eastern and southeastern Houston, Texas, United States. The road extends from South Lockwood Street to the City of Pearland. A portion of Telephone Road is also designated as Texas State Highway 35.
Telephone Road was and is a dynamic thoroughfare meandering from the east side of Houston through working-class developments and suburbs, out to the area that was the countryside (until broad development of Pearland and north Brazoria County). It was home to the A&P Store, the Golfview Hardware Store, the Tropicana Swimming Club, the Santa Rosa Theater, the Four Palms Bar, and the Tel-Wink Grill. It runs alongside Hobby Airport starting at Airport Boulevard. Just north of Hobby Airport, it borders Garden Villas subdivision.
Burton Chapman wrote a book called "Telephone Road, Texas". In a 2008 blog post J. R. Gonzalez, a journalist for the "Houston Chronicle", said that he could not "think of any other Houston thoroughfare that has garnered a more negative reputation in the last 40 years or so" than Telephone Road. Dave Straughan, a former sergeant of the robbery division of the Houston Police Department said "Telephone Road had a national reputation for being pretty wild. It had good neighborhoods and good people, but it had pockets of people that were known for living on the wild side."
Steve Earle and Houston native Rodney Crowell have named songs after Houston's "Telephone Road."

</doc>
<doc id="21441554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441554" title="Egypt–Morocco relations">
Egypt–Morocco relations

Morocco-Egypt relations refers to the bilateral relations between the kingdom of Morocco and the Arab Republic of Egypt.
Since independence, the two nations have maintained warm relations. Both countries are members of the Arab League, GAFTA, WTO, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, the Council of Arab Economic Unity and the UN.
Western Sahara Issue.
In 1999 Egypt renewed its support for Morocco's territorial integrity. "Egypt has always backed Morocco's efforts to perfect its territorial integrity," Egyptian deputy minister of foreign affairs, Jamal-Eddine Bayoumi told Moroccan daily Al-Mounaataf, referring to Morocco's recuperation of Western Sahara. Bayoumi also stressed the need for Morocco and Egypt to consolidate trade relations among Arab states. 
Economic cooperation.
Morocco and Egypt are both signers of the Agadir Agreement for the Establishment of a Free Trade Zone between the Arabic Mediterranean Nations, signed in Rabat, Morocco on 25 February 2004. The agreement aimed at establishing a free trade area between Jordan, Tunisia, Egypt and Morocco and it was seen as a possible first step in the establishment of the Euro-Mediterranean free trade area as envisaged in the Barcelona Process. They are also founding members of GAFTA, a pact made by the Arab League to achieve a complete Arab economic bloc that can compete internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="21441586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441586" title="2008 AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships">
2008 AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships

The 2008 AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships were held in Guadalajara, Mexico, from October 31 to November 1, 2008. It was the first edition of the AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships which had taken over from the Junior World Championship. The competition is under the supervision of the world's governing body for amateur boxing AIBA and is the junior version of the World Amateur Boxing Championships.
A total of 359 fighters from 68 different countries registered to compete in the inaugural edition of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21441599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441599" title="Kërçinë">
Kërçinë

Kërçinë (; ) is a peak in the mountain of Dešat located in eastern Albania and western Macedonia. Kërçinë reaches a height of . It is the second highest peak of Deshat after Velivar. Its location is south of the mountain which has steep slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="21441616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441616" title="Afren">
Afren

Afren plc is an international independent exploration and production company. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History.
The Company was founded in 2004 as exploration and production company focused on Africa. Most of Afren's production is in Nigeria.
Since the Initial Public Offering in March 2005, Afren has rapidly expanded its portfolio across six countries: Nigeria, São Tomé & Príncipe JDZ, Gabon, Republic of the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana and Iraqi Kurdistan.
Operations.
The Group is currently producing circa of oil equivalent per day from its current portfolio.
Okoro Setu Fields (OML 112)
The Okoro Field ("Okoro") and Setu Field ("Setu") are two oil fields located in OML 112 in shallow water offshore Nigeria, which were originally awarded to Amni - a well established indigenous oil company - in 1993 as part of the Nigerian government's indigenous licensing programme. First oil was achieved during June 2008 when production from the first two production wells drilled commenced at a rate in excess of of oil per day from each well. A further five wells were subsequently drilled, completed and brought onstream. The wells drilled were a mixture of horizontal and highly deviated penetrations of the reservoir intervals. The field is currently producing at a rate of from all seven wells.
Ebok
Ebok is an undeveloped oil field located in OML 67, 50 km offshore in of water in Nigeria's prolific south eastern producing area. The field was discovered by the ExxonMobil / NNPC JV in 1968 (M-QQ1 (Ebok-1)), and two subsequent appraisal wells were drilled in 1970 (Ebok-2 and Ebok-3). First oil was originally targeted in H2 2010 but was subsequently pushed back to February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21441623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441623" title="Clifton School (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Clifton School (Baltimore, Maryland)

Clifton School is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a late 19th-century school with an early 20th-century addition. The structure combines a gable-roofed, "T"-plan, brick county school built in 1882 with a Colonial Revival, flat-roofed, rectangular-plan, brick city school addition built in 1915.
Clifton School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21441626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441626" title="Southern Seed">
Southern Seed

Southern Seed Joint Stock Company "(HCM:SSC)" is a hybrid seed company based in Vietnam. SSC researches, produces and trades rice, corn and vegetable seeds. Secondary activities include the production and trade of agricultural products and animal husbandry supplies, seed processing machinery and agricultural chemicals. The company has main offices in Ho Chi Minh City, a branch in Hanoi and a branch office in Phnom Penh. Southern Seed operates six manufacturing facilities and employs over 300 people. It is listed at the Ho Chi Minh Securities Trading Center.

</doc>
<doc id="21441646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441646" title="Maciej Małkowski">
Maciej Małkowski

Maciej Małkowski (born March 19, 1985 in Jastrzębie-Zdrój) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Górnik Zabrze.
Career.
Club.
In June 2011, he joined Zagłębie Lubin on two year contract.
National team.
Małkowski debuted for Poland in December 2008 against Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21441649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441649" title="Saichon Konjen">
Saichon Konjen

Siachon Konjen is a Paralympian athlete from Thailand competing mainly in category T54 sprint events.
Biography.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T54 event, a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T54 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T53-54 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T53-54 event and a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T54 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441653" title="Javier Ruibal">
Javier Ruibal

Javier Ruibal (full name Francisco Javier Ruibal de Flores Calero) (born May 15, 1955) is a Spanish musician and songwriter.
Biography.
Javier Ruibal was born in El Puerto de Santa María, province of Cadiz in southern Spain. His first album, called "Duna", was released in 1983. He is highly considered for his vocal talents and for blending different music styles such as flamenco, jazz and Maghreb music and developing a personal brand.
He plays the guitar and is usually accompanied by another guitar player, first Antonio Toledo and since around 2000 Tito Alcedo, and occasionally by more musicians like John Parsons, Jorge Pardo or Chano Domínguez. He has frequently played outside Spain; including Algeria, England, West Bank and New York.
Ruibal has composed music for several other Spanish artists and famous singers such as Ana Belén or David Broza have sung his compositions. He also appeared on stage together with artists as Pablo Milanés, Joaquín Sabina or Carlos Cano.
In 2007, he was awarded the Medal of Andalusia by the autonomous government of Andalusia. In 2009, he was chosen to give the opening address of the Cadix Carnaval celebration.
References.
Official Web

</doc>
<doc id="21441659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441659" title="Ernie Page (athlete)">
Ernie Page (athlete)

Ernest "Ernie" Leslie Page (27 September 1910 – 9 December 1973) was an English athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lambeth and died in Torquay.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the 100 metres event. He was also a member of the British relay team which finished sixth in the 4×100 metres competition.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 100 yards contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21441663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441663" title="Engine house">
Engine house

Engine house may mean:
In England, there are several notable engine houses:
In America, Engine House, Engine House No. 1, and similar, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21441666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441666" title="Henry Escobar">
Henry Escobar

Henry Alfredo Escobar Rivas (born May 25, 1990 in Guazapa, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo in the Salvadoran Premier League.
Club career.
Escobar's professional career began in January 2009 when he signed a contract with Salvadoran national league club, C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo. He made his professional debut on February 7, 2009, in a league match against C.D. Atlético Balboa.

</doc>
<doc id="21441673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441673" title="Autoclave (industrial)">
Autoclave (industrial)

Industrial autoclaves are pressure vessels used to process parts and materials which require exposure to elevated pressure and temperature. The manufacture of high-performance components from advanced composites often requires autoclave processing.
Principle of operation.
An autoclave applies both heat and pressure to the workload placed inside of it. Typically, there are two classes of autoclave. Those pressurized with steam process workloads which can withstand exposure to water, while circulating heated gas provides greater flexibility and control of the heating atmosphere.
Processing by autoclave is far more costly than oven heating and is therefore generally used only when isostatic pressure must be applied to a workload of comparatively complex shape. For smaller flat parts, heated presses offer much shorter cycle times. In other applications, the pressure is not required by the process but is integral with the use of steam, since steam temperature is directly related to steam pressure. Rubber vulcanizing exemplifies this category of autoclaving.
For exceptional requirements, such as the curing of ablative composite rocket engine nozzles and missile nosecones, a hydroclave can be used, but this entails extremely high equipment costs and elevated risks in operation. The hydroclave is pressurized with water; the pressure keeps the water in liquid phase despite the high temperature.
The key component of the industrial autoclave is the fast-opening door; this is also the critical component in cost of autoclave construction. On one hand, the operator must be able to open and close the door quickly and easily; on the other, the door must satisfy stringent safety requirements. Such is the quality of autoclave door design that the US experiences as few as an estimated five or six autoclave failures annually.
Autoclave design is driven by various safety standards, foremost among which is the ASME Pressure Vessel Code. While most nations use the ASME code, some have developed their own. The CE standard in Europe applies to vessels as well as to electrical controls, and China requires that pressure vessels comply with their domestic code. All codes specify conservative requirements intended to maximize safety. Local governments may also impose licensing requirements related to autoclave operation.
Design and construction.
Pressure vessel.
Pressure vessel design involves Barlow's formula, used to calculate the required wall thickness. However, the design of a complex pressure containment system involves much more than the application of this formula. For almost all pressure vessels, the ASME code stipulates the requirements for design and testing. Prior to delivery, the pressure vessel is hydrostatically tested at 130% of its rated pressure under the supervision of an ASME code inspector. It is filled with water, and a small pump raises the pressure to the necessary test value, at which it is held for a specified time (30 minutes according to the ASME code). The inspector checks for leaks as well as evidence of flaws or inadequacies in the welding.
The design of small autoclaves need not take into consideration the possibility of drawing a vacuum inside the pressure vessel, but this assumption must not be made in larger ones. Steam autoclaves, for example, can be exposed to an internal vacuum if the steam fully condenses while the vessel remains sealed. Although external pressure cannot exceed one atmosphere, that can suffice to collapse the vessel in some cases. Thus, stiffening may be required.
In unusual situations, the autoclave itself might have to be square or rectangular instead of round, or it might be vertical instead of horizontal. If the autoclave is unusually large, it may have to be set into an excavation in the floor if there is to be floor level loading, as is generally the case.
Materials.
The selection of the materials from which the autoclave is fabricated turns entirely upon the application. For steam autoclaves, carbon steel is used, but a corrosion allowance is added to the calculated thickness. This accommodates the rusting that occurs with repeated cycles of exposure to steam, water, and air. Implicit in this is the need to monitor the loss of metal and decommission the vessel when excessive thickness loss has occurred.
For temperatures of up to , no adjustment needs to be made in calculating vessel wall thickness. Above this temperature, the allowable stress is derated. Above , high-temperature alloys are used. The rated temperature, which is stamped on the vessel's data plate, applies to the vessel wall itself, not to the gas circulating in the autoclave. This is relevant when internal insulation is used to circulate air or gas at a temperature beyond the rating of the vessel.
Although the design engineer can use the material of his or her own choice, the normal selection is SA516 Grade 70 PVQ (Pressure Vessel Quality) carbon steel. This steel is particularly well suited for use in pressure vessels by virtue of having an exceptional spread between its comparatively low yield strength of 38 ksi and its tensile strength of 70 to 90 ksi. Elongation in plate is 21%. This means that the metal stretches considerably under over-stress before failing. In the event of excessive pressure, parts will deform before breaking, causing a gradual rather than a catastrophic loss of sealing. This loss of pressure then acts to relieve the critical overload on the pressure vessel structure. This failure mode presumes the absence of significant cracks in the over-stressed metal.
Because this grade is used in pressure vessels, it is available in thickness variations of a sixteenth of an inch as well as large plate sizes. It is readily welded and is fully machinable.
The pressure vessel specification will include both the highest and the lowest temperatures to which the vessel shell is exposed. Since steel properties change as the metal becomes colder, the vessel will be stamped for an MDMT of -20 °F unless the user requires lower. Customarily, the metal thickness is driven by the code requirements relating to visual inspection. Thinner metal can be used, providing the welds are radiographed. This saves cost when the metal is not SA516 but stainless steel or a refractory alloy.
top of page
Doors.
Of the entire machine, the costliest (depending on the size of the autoclave) and most important single piece of hardware is the fast-opening door. It must be of full diameter to allow access to the working space, seal tightly against rated pressure at the highest shell temperature, operate readily and quickly, and comply with the same safety code that governs the rest of the pressure vessel. Of all safety-related concerns, the most critical are those which relate to the door's operation.
There are several types of fast-opening doors commonly used. The simplest and most primitive type of door, a bolted plate or flanged cap on some sort of hinge, is no longer considered even minimally acceptable for production autoclaves because it is anything but quick in opening and closing. For vessels up to four feet in diameter and rated at not much over 125 psi, a hinged semi-elliptical door secured by lever-operated cam-locking T-bolts works essentially as quickly and as easily as the more commonly used rotating locking ring door. This door design uses up to a dozen or so latching T-bolts on the door hub (see photos), the stationary part fitted to the cylindrical vessel itself, which engage matching lugs welded to the door. When the operating levers are rotated over center, the T-bolts draw the lugs closer and seal the door by means of an O-ring gasket.
This type is intrinsically safe, since opening the cam-locks under pressure releases the door seal and depressurizes the vessel. In fact, the ASME code does not require interlocks or mechanical pressure indicating devices on such doors. Even when opened, the cam-lock does not allow the bolt to disengage from the latching lug if there is any pressure against the door. Since it is mounted at a small angle to the lug, the bolt cannot be swung outward away from the engaging lug on the door if there is any pull on it.
These doors are comparatively simple and economical, well suited for smaller autoclaves. This design is limited to four foot diameters and about 125 psi because of the limited real estate available on the door for the cam-locks and the deflection of the door when the locks are too far apart.
Another limitation is the tendency of such doors to distort if not installed correctly. Although very straightforward in application, if the door assembly is not fitted to a correctly made mounting, sealing problems may result. Omitting the reinforcing stiffener on the vessel just aft of the door hub is a good way to learn how true this is. An autoclave with this type of door features heavily reinforced mountings which keep the door in alignment throughout the machine's service life. The O-ring gasket can be replaced in less than a minute and is fairly inexpensive.
Autoclaves over four feet in diameter or those rated at higher pressures generally use the rotating locking ring door, also called a breech lock door. This door can be designed for any size and pressure. Both the hub and the door itself are generally non-rotating. The hub is welded to the vessel and the door moves on hinges that align it with the hub as it closes.
The door has toothed lugs all around its circumference, with the lugs lined up with corresponding openings in the locking ring, which turns on the hub. When closed, the door faces the hub and an O-ring gasket provides the means of sealing against internal pressure. As the locking ring turns, it cams the lugs of the door forward, pressing the door against the hub. This way, there is no sliding motion of the door face across the O-ring gasket. Thus, the gasket can be an inexpensive O-ring, replacements for which can be made in the user's own shop using ordinary O-ring stock, and it lasts a long time. The very few wear parts on the door are replaceable, making the autoclave a long-lived investment.
On doors up to eight or ten feet in diameter, the swing can be manual. It is by no means uncommon to see eight-foot diameter autoclaves whose doors can be swung fully open or closed with a single finger. The advantage to manual swing, aside from lower cost and higher reliability, is that there is far less risk of someone getting his fingers caught in the closing door if he's moving it himself by hand.
On machines with manually swung doors, one trivial yet important detail is a door stop to prevent banging when opening. If a large autoclave is installed on a slightly off level floor, then the door, once opened, swings rapidly to the end of its travel. With no snubber of any sort installed, it will slowly accumulate damage and wear.
On smaller autoclaves, rotation of the locking ring is sometimes accomplished by manually operated geared devices. On larger ones, pneumatic or hydraulic cylinders are used. Pneumatic cylinders often provide jerky rotation, but they may sometimes be safer because they generally cannot move the door ring as readily when there is much pressure against the door.
The rotating locking ring door requires a safety interlock to prevent operation when there is any pressure in the autoclave. It is good practice to incorporate the ability to reverse the door locking ring rotation at any time and without delay. With some doors, it is possible to swing them shut not quite far enough and then have the locking ring jam as it tries to close.
It's essential to note that the autoclave is far more dangerous when the pressure is low than it is when the pressure is high. This is because the higher pressures create frictional forces that tend to make the door ring very hard to move. In some instances, hydraulic cylinders have buckled rather than turn the ring. At lower pressures, the ring can be moved, and there is enough stored energy in the vessel to ruin someone's day completely. Properly designed autoclaves incorporate several additional interlocks for added assurance. These extra interlocks are comparatively inexpensive and should always be designed to be failsafe.
In tests well beyond the design and proof pressures, this door type has shown that the slight deflection caused by the over-pressure moves the door and hub faces far enough apart to cause the O-ring seal to fail, thus releasing the pressure. The escaping air is diffused past the locking ring, preventing injury from high speed jets of air.
There are other door types available. These are proprietary designs having special characteristics which suit them to a variety of applications. For example, some door designs are simpler than the locking ring type, having no notched cutouts at all in the locking rings. They are easily operated by hand or power and intrinsically safe, much like the T-bolt configuration, in that any movement of the locking mechanism from closed toward open will release pressure well before the door and hub actually separate.
Other simple door types can be provided for smaller, low-pressure autoclaves, sometimes at worthwhile savings in cost of acquisition, but not always in cost of operation.
An often overlooked aspect of autoclave access is the rear end. In many instances, the best autoclave is that which has "two" doors. In the typical industrial autoclave, there is mechanical hardware in the rear, including the circulation fan drive. An autoclave with a rear door will cost more initially. Over its service life, however, it will cost less to maintain, largely because the easy accessibility of components inside will encourage their more frequent inspection. In any autoclave, as in any machine, all major and minor components should be accessible for inspection, repair, and replacement. Overlook this, and the owner will eventually regret it.
A full-diameter non-fast-opening rear door costs little, all things considered. On larger machines, it can be mounted on a hinge, davit, or dolly assembly (see photo above) that allows it to be swung or moved away from the autoclave once its bolted flange mounting has been separated. This provides the best possible access to the works inside. It also means that critical components are never buried deep inside the machine where they are hard to get at and thus very likely to be ignored until they cause problems. One mid-sized autoclave built for a southern aircraft repair shop to be as cheap as humanly possible lacked easy access to the circulation fan, and, when last observed by one of the manufacturer's service engineers, was making the most alarming dry-bearing noises whenever it ran.
When comparing alternative designs, consider the amount of work that any given maintenance task will require, as well as the degree of difficulty and risk of damage or worker injury. If, for instance, a sixty-horsepower internally mounted fan motor has to be man-handled through a small manway or access port, the potential for trouble is unavoidable. On a user-friendly autoclave, the back door is swung open and the motor is quickly and easily lifted out with a forklift or simple spar hoist.
top of page
Interior.
The internal layout varies from one autoclave to another. Some have an air duct at the six-o'clock position which also carries the cart rails, while others have a wide floor with the mechanical components beneath it. Others have the air duct at the top. Typically, autoclaves use an annular air duct running across the full circumference of the interior.
The annular duct is attractive by virtue of creating the smallest intrusion into the net available working space inside the autoclave. It reduces the diameter of the cylindrical volume by only several inches. It also creates the greatest skin friction pressure loss. This means that the fan has to be larger for the same amount of air circulation, and that there is more heating from the motor horsepower.
If it is necessary to maintain low temperatures with full circulation, this may necessitate running the cooling instead of the heating. The vigorous circulation of air under pressure generates heat by itself, and this can be significant when attempting to operate at unusually low temperatures and high pressures.
The interior furnishings of the autoclave can be of galvanized, aluminized, or stainless steel. Up to about , galvanized is economical and reliable; up to perhaps to 1,000 °F (540 °C), aluminized will be needed; above that, one is in exotic territory.
Another issue is whether or not the interior shell, the walls of the working space, should be removable. How heavy should this wall be? Representative metal thicknesses range from 18 gauge (.0478 inch) up to 1/8 inch (.125 inch). The heavier the wall, the more durable and resistant it will be to dents, also, the more energy that it will absorb during heat-up and the more that it will release during cool-down. To take a typical example, consider an autoclave with an internal diameter and a working length of . If the interior wall is made of 11 gauge (.1196 inch) steel, then it will weigh well over five tons. Heating just the wall itself to an operating temperature of in one hour will take some 90 kilowatts of power. At typical demand charges, that will cost approximately $2,000 (for the month) in addition to the energy charge (for each cycle). Reducing the wall thickness to 18 gauge will drop this expense by approximately 60 percent. For a saving of $13,000 a year, the average autoclave operator can live with a lot of dents.
On some autoclaves, strange noises come from the inside as they heat up and cool down. These noises are caused by distortions in the metal interior as it expands and contracts with the extreme changes in temperature. The interior of the autoclave described above will grow nearly an inch in length during the heat-up part of its cycle. Provision must be made for adequate relief of these movements or they will eventually buckle the interior.
If the machine is large, it will require an interior floor adequate to support personnel walking on it, as well as safety devices to protect personnel inside the machine against inadvertent startup.
Heating.
Introducing heat into the working chamber can be done in a variety of ways. For most autoclaves, and particularly those used to process composite parts or perform adhesive bonding of metal structures, the easiest and least costly initially is electric heat. Resistance heaters are compact and reliable and can be placed conveniently in the circulating air duct. Since the thermal mass of these heaters is small, control of chamber temperature is precise and additional heaters can usually be installed at a later date without excessive bother. However, the cost of this additional installation may be quite significant in comparison with a larger autoclave. These heaters are essentially 100% efficient and can be fitted for any voltage, single or three phase.
Installing more capacity than is required extends the life of the heaters by allowing them to run at lower surface temperatures and provides greater assurance of attaining required heat-up rates. Increasing the heating capacity generally costs little in initial price. It is unsafe to automatically assume that every autoclave manufacturer uses high quality tubular Incoloy-sheathed rods, individually replaceable and properly supported. In the interest of economy, some expect the customer to accept nichrome wires strung on ceramic insulators.
The drawback to electric heat is operating cost. For a small autoclave operated only periodically, this may not prove to be a major issue. For a mid-size or larger autoclave, the electric bills over the service life of the machine will add up to quite a few times the entire cost of the autoclave.
For example, in the Rochester, New York, area, where the price of electric energy is four times that of natural gas "before" taking demand charges into consideration, an autoclave six feet in diameter and twenty-four feet long (with a light-gauge interior wall) would cost about $2,000 a month in demand charges plus an average of $14 an hour in energy when running. The demand charges, incurred as soon as the autoclave is turned on, even if for only a moment, would equal the purchase price of the autoclave in only a few years. Experience with utility bills suggests that this will get worse in future.
The easiest alternative to this is steam heating. This presupposes the presence of a boiler capable of generating steam at high enough pressures to reach the required temperatures. An existing high pressure steam plant is a fine thing to have on hand, and facilitates the use of steam coils, which are simple, compact, and easily controlled. The purchase price of steam coil heating is roughly comparable to that of electric heating, but the operating cost is dramatically lower. If high pressure steam is not available, consider a small dedicated boiler for the autoclave. The cost can be surprisingly low, making this alternative nearly as economical as direct gas-firing of an internal heat exchanger. It also enables you to run your autoclave on natural gas, propane, butane, or fuel oil, sometimes interchangeably if the boiler is set up for dual-fuel operation. Where gas supplies are susceptible to interruption, using a small high-pressure steam boiler to run the autoclave and ovens can be a life-saver when dual-fuel firing is incorporated.
A small vertical boiler requires little floor space. If local laws require the licensing of high-pressure boiler operators, this can often be a simple matter of training existing plant personnel and having them licensed for single-boiler operation. Equally economical to operate is an autoclave with a gas-fired heat exchanger built into the pressure vessel. Although this presents some design limitations, it is simpler than using synthetic heat transfer fluids, and of somewhat lower cost. The gas burner assembly is fitted to the far end or the side of the vessel and fires into a heat exchanger inside the air duct. The hot end of the replaceable tube is covered with turbulators for better heat transfer. This recovers the greatest part of the energy of the flue gas. It is simple and reliable, using ordinary natural gas, butane, propane, or other industrial fuel gas.
There are alternative configurations, including a secondary circulating loop which ducts a portion of the primary air flow through an external pressurized heat exchanger. This bypass flow can also be utilized for cool-down using an air-over heat exchanger. While gas firing does not readily lend itself to small machines, it can be fitted to autoclaves of three to four foot diameter and up. The longer the machine, the longer the heat exchanger tube and thus the more efficient it will be. This heating option is less costly than hot oil and more costly than electric or steam (assuming an existing boiler) to purchase, but the extra expense is paid back very quickly.
Over its full service life, the electrically heated autoclave will cost enough to have paid for another four or five comparable autoclaves. For any but the smallest lab machines, gas firing and steam heating are, to put it plainly, the best alternatives to consider.
In some circumstances, when steam is available in the plant, considerable money may be saved by using live steam injection. In this approach, the entire interior of the autoclave is filled with live steam at the appropriate pressure. Commonly used in the rubber products industries, this can be adapted to use in curing composites. It requires different vacuum bagging materials but has the advantage of eliminating heaters, ducts, and the circulation fan. With external insulation, there is more room available for workloads, for a given size of pressure vessel. Naturally, this approach presupposes the availability of an appropriately rated boiler.
In certain applications, a low-pressure steam autoclave can replace an ordinary curing oven. The combination of vacuum consolidation, which is equivalent to approximately ten to fourteen psi external pressure, and steam at about the same gauge pressure, will give better results and faster heat-up than the oven would. This approach would be less suitable for materials that have to be brought to curing temperature slowly, since steam transfers its heat fairly quickly compared to even a turbulent circulating air flow. Furthermore, since the interior of the vessel is repeatedly exposed to steam and then air, over and over again, an allowance must be made for corrosion of the vessel walls.
In some circumstances, an externally fired heater brings synthetic thermal fluid to temperatures of to , and special pumps circulate it through heat exchangers inside the autoclave. This has both advantages - gas or oil can be used as a fuel without much concern for the space occupied inside the autoclave working volume - and disadvantages - the cost is very high, and it can be trickier to maintain properly. Additionally, it can serve to heat and cool the autoclave by routing the heat transfer fluid through either the heater or the cooling coil, as required by the process.
Taking all things into account, the most cost-effective heating options, over the full service life of the autoclave, will be either a high-pressure steam boiler or gas-firing using an internal or external heat exchanger.
top of page
Cooling.
Cool-down at the end of the process cycle requires a means of extracting heat from the autoclave. The necessity of controlled cool-down will itself depend upon the work being processed. With some composite materials in thick lay-ups, slow cooling prevents internal microcracking of the resin matrix resulting from thermally induced stresses.
The cooling method used will depend upon the highest temperature reached before cool-down and the degree of precision that must be maintained as the chamber temperature ramps down. For low temperatures and cool-down rates that can be allowed to vary significantly or simply cool-down at any rate results from a fixed flow of coolant, water circulated through a coil in the airstream will be effective and inexpensive. A serpentine finned coil placed at the circulating fan input or adjacent to the heater array serves this purpose using plant water as a coolant. If once-through cooling water and a cooling tower are not available or are not acceptable, then a simple closed loop cooler can be built into the autoclave. Precisely controlled cool-down rates may or may not be easily attainable with this arrangement. In an autoclave operated at high temperatures, special precautions must be taken in cooling. Pumping cold water into a cooling coil at will shorten the coil's life. It also makes it difficult to control the cool-down rate.
When cold water hits a heat exchange coil at , flash steam is generated, along with mechanical shocks to the system and considerable scaling inside the coil to the extent that the water contains dissolved solids. Disposal of the steam and the hot water may prove to be difficult, and the service life of the cooling system may be short. This can be alleviated to some extent by first precooling the coil with a flow of compressed air followed by a mist of water and compressed air. This is only marginally better than cold water by itself, and it does little to eliminate flash steam.
For temperatures up to about and cool-down rates that must be held to close tolerances, synthetic heat transfer fluid will extract the heat from the autoclave without a phase change (i.e., boiling). Passing the hot oil through an air heating coil with controlled air flow will enable the system to modulate heat flow out of the autoclave precisely enough to maintain a specified cool-down ramp rate. This heated air can be dumped wherever it will result in the most good or the least harm. The drawback to the use of fluid heat transfer is initial cost. It adds perhaps ten percent to the price of the autoclave in mid-size range installations. Fluid life is estimated to range from five to fifteen years, depending upon length of exposure to the highest temperatures as well as the maintenance of internal cleanliness.
If the highest internal temperature will not exceed , then propylene glycol might be used as a heat transfer medium. As this chemical is a constituent of food products, such as ice cream, there need be no toxicity concerns. It has approximately the same specific gravity as water, so pumping is straightforward. Since there is no phase change, coils don't build up scale deposits. Fluid life is very good if air is kept out of the loop. Propylene glycol must be used without water dilution, and stainless steel plumbing is not necessarily mandatory. The cost of propylene glycol is not trivial, so the amount of coolant in the loop has to be balanced between the interests of economy and heat dissipation.
It once unpleasantly surprised one large autoclave customer to learn that closed-loop water cooling systems were strictly regulated in his locale. The price tag on this nasty surprise was in the five-figure range. In some localities, dumping pristine and clean cooling water down the drain may be illegal. In general, not using water for cooling can have a number of real advantages.
Circulation.
Unless the autoclave uses steam injection, the circulation fan carries the burden of assuring temperature uniformity throughout the working chamber. Since the heat flows from the source, whether electric resistance, steam coil, or firing tube, into the circulating air stream and then into the workload, the greater the airflow turbulence, the better the heat transfer, particularly with workloads that are heavy and dense.
The fan drive must be sized for the conditions creating the greatest load on the fan, i.e., lowest temperature and highest pressure, even though this combination of conditions rarely occurs. Ideally, this means backward-incline fans; these are more efficient than radial impeller and forward-curve types.
The purpose of circulating the air or inert gas through the autoclave is to assure effective heat transfer and temperature uniformity. Vigorous circulation and careful attention to where the airflow actually goes are the best ways of accomplishing this. As a rough rule of thumb, do not consider less than 300 feet per minute average air speed through the empty workspace of the autoclave. More than this will make heat transfer more effective.
The aircraft industry has specifications relating directly to temperature uniformity. Even if the application is non-aerospace, one of these specifications may be worth adopting to assure process quality and reliability.
Fan drives can be internal or external. Internal drives have the motor inside the autoclave in an unheated chamber. A thick wall of insulation keeps the heat out, and the motor is under full autoclave pressure. External drives require a shaft seal to carry the drive shaft through the pressure vessel wall. Internal drives are simpler, result in slightly less floor space taken, and impose a small but essential cooling load; external drives require more elaborate drive shaft arrangements and use high pressure seals.
Selection of the internal/external drive arrangement is often idiosyncratic. The service life of the high-pressure shaft seal can be difficult to predict, and it may safely be assumed that the seal will cost a good deal more than the motor itself. For instance, a , 150 psi seal for a 50 hp motor will cost $2,000, whereas the motor itself is half that much. Generally, the combination of vessel pressure, shaft diameter, and fan speed encountered in autoclaves is such as to make the use of a shaft seal reasonably practicable.
Access to the motor room on an autoclave with an internal fan drive is through the back door or a manway. The autoclave working space is not reduced, as the pressure vessel is made slightly longer to accommodate the fan drive. The accessibility of the hardware in the back is of the essence. Eventually, the maintenance personnel will need to get at it, and access then suddenly becomes very much an issue.
Although this does add to the initial price, well-designed autoclaves feature removable back ends which provide easy and unrestricted access to the hardware in the unheated area. It is difficult to realize how valuable this is until it is suddenly necessary to remove a sixty horsepower motor that weighs well over half a ton through an opening just barely large enough for it to pass through. Some autoclaves have the circulation fan, complete with motor, mounted in an end-bell of reduced diameter. While this allows the assembly to be removed easily, it also means that the fan is undersized in diameter and thus less efficient.
If the fan impeller is mounted on the motor shaft or an extension of it (direct drive), then the fan speed is constrained to that of the motor, typically 1750 rpm, and that will most likely result in suboptimal fan operation, given the sensitivity of fans to rotational speed. Fans are like airplane propellers; the larger they are and the more slowly they turn, the better they are. It's the law.
Some applications allow doing without the circulation fan and air heating altogether. If the parts being processed are fairly simply geometrically, it may be feasible to use molds which are themselves integrally heated. For example, it is feasible to manufacture flat and single-curvature light aircraft landing gear springs on inexpensive aluminum molds with electric heating pads bonded directly to the bottom of the mold. This eliminates the cost of the motor and fan as well as the air heaters and uses much less electricity than a comparable electric autoclave would require. In this way, the autoclave provides consolidation pressure alone. There are limitations to this approach, such as mold complexity. Sometimes, the parts are heated from one side only; sometimes, the mold has top and bottom parts, each fitted with heaters. Although not usually feasible in a job shop, this type of autoclave can afford significant savings when only a small range of comparatively simple parts is being made.
Since failure of the circulating fan will have immediate and unhappy consequences for the heat exchanger or heating elements, detection of circulation fan failure is vital. This can be done in several ways. First, monitor the surface temperature of the heater, whether coil or element. If the airflow fails, this will rise suddenly, and the control system can execute an immediate shut-off. Second, install at least one and preferably two airflow sensors. Since the airflow may be at very high temperatures, this can be done with remotely mounted pressure switches that connect to the high and low pressure sides of the fan by means of stainless steel tubing long enough to put the switches well inside the cool area of the inside of the vessel. These switches should be wired in series on one side for the control circuit, such that either one opening will disrupt the heater power, and in parallel on the other side so that the computer can detect which one has changed state.
top of page
Insulation.
The substantial mass of the pressure vessel provides assurance of pressure containment, but it represents an equally massive heat sink which must be heated and cooled cyclically as the autoclave runs. Steam autoclaves are necessarily insulated on the exterior, making this heat loss unavoidable. Autoclaves using air or another gas employ thermal insulation on the interior, and this incurs a one-time penalty in the cost of the pressure vessel and a slight operating cost resulting from the somewhat greater internal volume to be pressurized.
The insulation, which is protected behind a metal shell, is sized to keep the heat loss within an acceptable range and to keep the temperature of the outside surface of the vessel below that which would affect worker safety. Generally, this is , with sometimes allowed on fittings and plumbing. Depending upon company policy on energy conservation, this temperature may be set even lower.
Both mineral wool and fibreglass are used in autoclaves. The thickness varies with internal temperature, ranging from a bare minimum of two to three inches up to three to four times that, the rough rule of thumb being one inch per hundred degrees F. Economically, the biggest effect is to raise the pressure vessel cost by increasing its diameter. This effectively discourages over-specifying the insulation thickness.
One minor factor is ensuring that the insulation can "breathe", since air flows into and out of it as the pressure in the autoclave changes. Additionally, the sheet metal retaining the insulation requires some provision for thermal expansion. Even an autoclave as short as twenty feet experiences considerable movement across a temperature difference of several hundred degrees.
Pressurization.
The choice of pressurizing agent is driven by the process. Air may be acceptable for autoclaves operating at comparatively low temperatures, but it may be wholly unacceptable beyond that. The flammability of the materials often used in composite parts increases under pressure, as the partial pressure of oxygen rises. Thus, nitrogen or carbon dioxide may be used for pressurization.
Hydroclaves use water as the pressurizing medium. Since the boiling point of water rises with pressure, the hydroclave can attain high temperatures without generating steam. While simple in principle, this brings complications. Substantial pumping capacity is needed, since even the slight compressibility of water means that the pressurization stores non-trivial energy. Seals that work reliably against air or another gas fail to work well with extremely hot water. Leaks behave differently in hydroclaves, as the leaking water flashes into steam, and this continues for as long as water remains in the vessel. For these and other reasons, very few manufacturers will consider making hydroclaves, and the prices of such machines reflect this.
Vacuum.
Parts processed in an autoclave are often vacuum bagged to enable the pressure to operate isostatically on the workpieces. In simplest form, the workload is fully contained inside a loosely fitting bag made of resilient plastic capable of withstanding the temperatures involved. When vacuum is drawn, the bag is compressed by atmospheric pressure and compacts the components inside. Between the parts and the bag, an absorbent material provides a channel for the evacuation of the air and wicks up the excess resin squeezed out during curing.
In autoclave processing of composite parts, the vacuum bag functionality may be where the greatest variety may be found. Some shops will leave the bag under full vacuum from lay-up to post-cure tear-down. Others will hold the vacuum only until the autoclave reaches full pressure. Yet others will back-fill the vacuum bag with inert gas, typically nitrogen, at zero pressure.
The role played by the vacuum bag's internal pressure can be critical in the consistent production of high-quality multi-ply composite parts. A SAMPE paper describes the benefits of controlling the vacuum and pressure under the vacuum bag in a lay-up. By following the vacuum in the bag with pressurization, the formation of voids in the resin matrix is suppressed, reducing the microscopic flaws which seed cracks and other matrix failures. Installing this capability on an autoclave involves additional control valving and software, and, in light of the benefits in performance of the composite materials, does not have an unreasonable effect on machine price.
An ejector pump can be used for rapid evacuation of the air inside an autoclave that is to be pressurized with inert gas. To eliminate oxygen from the interior and replace it with a pressurizing agent that does not support combustion, the simplest way is to remove nearly all of the air and then introduce the nitrogen or carbon dioxide. It should also be noted that autoclaves have to be designed for such vacuum service, since the vessel itself may require stiffeners to withstand the external pressure, and ordinary access doors and man-way covers often are rated for internal pressure only and will not be able to withstand the external pressure that results from interior vacuum.
The vacuum is delivered to the work-pieces by manifolds and individual tubes fitted with quick-disconnects on the interior walls. The simplest vacuum system consists of a pump and gauge on the outside and a single quick-disconnect port on the inside. In more elaborate arrangements, there may be a dozen or more individual vacuum supply lines going into the machine, each to a separate QD port, with as many gauge lines coming back out to vacuum sensors wired to the control system, and an inert gas backfill under controlled pressure for when the pump is shut off and the vacuum lines vented during the cure cycle.
The flow capacity of the vacuum pump is less important than its peak vacuum level. Any significant flow means that there is a leak in the vacuum bagging, and a powerful pump will try to overcome this, resulting in a smaller measured vacuum loss than would be the case with a smaller pump. This would serve to hide the bag failure, because the vacuum drop would be harder to detect. Since at operating equilibrium there should be no air flow at all, it is better to draw a higher vacuum than to try to maintain a high flow rate.
There should be a properly sized vacuum receiver tank which can maintain system vacuum if the pump fails during a production run. This will be feasible only if the vacuum plumbing is virtually leak-free. This is why vacuum leakage is one of the major concerns in the pre-acceptance testing of the machine. For a typical composites autoclave, a receiver might be appropriate. Note that this receiver must be ASME stamped for the full operating pressure of the autoclave, since it is conceivable that a vacuum system failure could result in this much pressure being vented into the receiver.
When multiple parts are processed, it may be beneficial to have a separate vacuum line for each, reducing the potential loss if one vacuum bag leaks during cure. This is easily accommodated with multiple supply tubes from a single manifold on the outside of the autoclave.
Additionally, it is necessary to decide whether each line is to be monitored individually and how this is to be done. If there is a single vacuum sensor, whether an electronic transducer connected to the control computer or only a sensitive gauge checked visually, determining which vacuum bag is leaking means shutting each one off in turn and watching for a slight change in vacuum manifold pressure. Given the airflow restrictions in the average lay-up and vacuum lines, even a complete vacuum bag failure may show up as little more than a small change in vacuum level.
Putting a sensor in each vacuum line takes care of this, but costs an additional several hundred dollars per line. Some applications involve two vacuum lines per bag. One is connected to a bag penetration at one end of the part being processed and supplies vacuum from the pump and manifold. The other line returns from a separate bag penetration at the other end of the vacuum bag and through a line back through the vessel wall to a sensor which measures the vacuum level in the bag rather than the level at the manifold. This is preferred, since it provides an accurate indication of the real vacuum seen by the part as a whole.
As an option with this arrangement, if the vacuum is shut off prior to cure completion, as is called for in some applications, before the supply line is vented to atmosphere, the gauge line is backfilled with nitrogen from a zero-pressure gas regulator, thus preventing atmospheric contaminants from entering the breather/bleeder fabric. Individual monitoring of each vacuum line does not necessarily require gauge lines, nor does inert gas backfill. However, the extra cost of providing for gauge lines is not much. If vacuum bag pressure control is used, then the appropriate valves and regulators must be built in.
If the process generates considerable resin flow out of the workpiece, the process specification may demand resin traps. Some materials lose enormous amounts of highly mobile resin during heat-up, and this flow can sometimes work its way back through the vacuum plumbing perhaps far enough to plug critical components. It is far easier to prevent this sort of damage than it is to repair it.
Some resins, such as polyesters, give off significant amounts of volatiles during cure. These will carry out through the vacuum ports and sometimes cause damage to the pump. The better vacuum pumps use oil reservoirs and oil recirculation, and these volatiles can quickly turn the oil into a revolting mush. They also attack the seals of vacuum valves and cause deposits to build up over time. To prevent this, it may be necessary to install condensers on the vacuum port lines. These will require chilled water. A small chiller will add several thousand dollars to the cost of the autoclave, plus another several hundred dollars per port for the condenser and separator. The stainless steel resin traps should be designed and made to be easily disassembled and cleaned. Naturally, they must also be fully accessible.
top of page
Controls and instrumentation.
While much of the operation of a simple autoclave can remain manual, temperature control is virtually always automated, as this is easily done at low cost. The value of the products processed in most autoclaves justifies a high degree of automation. The hardware and software available for industrial process automation makes fully automatic operation of an autoclave affordable and reliable. It is realistic to design and implement such automation without the services of an outside vendor in many cases.
Temperature.
As with the other parameters, the required precision of temperature control depends upon the process specification. The autoclave should exceed this capability by a margin sufficient to preclude all chances of inadequate or excessive temperatures in the workload. Too hot and the parts can be damaged or undergo thermal excursion; too cold and the full structural properties may not be realized. Equally vital is the avoidance of variation in temperature throughout the working volume of the autoclave. Aerospace specifications include maximum allowable variation as well as how to test for uniformity.
Electric heating is virtually infinitely variable and thus lends itself to precise temperature control, typically ±1° to ±2°. This kind of precision can be achieved with indirect gas-fired heating, but not as easily. The electric power drawn by the heating elements can be controlled to 12-bit precision by SCR devices driven by analogue signal from the temperature controller. The low mass of the heating element makes it responsive, and sudden and dramatic changes in output - although not generally necessary - can be achieved.
The need for accuracy and precision in the measurement of the air temperature inside the autoclave places importance upon the selection and implementation of the sensor. The cheapest and easiest is a single thermocouple placed somewhere in the airstream. For better results at a trifling price, two or three averaged RTDs work better, with higher precision and less drift. While RTDs will respond to sudden temperature changes less quickly than thermocouples will, this does not matter, since sudden temperature changes in autoclaves simply do not happen. One can be placed at the inlet to the circulation fan; this one senses the lowest temperature, assuming that the heater is downstream of the fan. Another can be placed at the point at which the airflow reverses direction and begins to flow past the workload. A third can be placed close to the middle. Sensing air temperature close to a wall surface will usually incur a boundary layer error, or, worse, a stagnation error.
Pressure.
Control of pressure presents the fewest challenges. Given a source of air or gas of sufficient pressure and flow capacity, the autoclave control system opens the pressurization valve and shuts it once the internal pressure has reached the setpoint. Depressurization occurs when the dump valve is opened. On large autoclaves, a silencer or muffler may be needed. The valves are on/off rather than modulating, for cost reasons.
As the temperature rises, the gas expands, driving the pressure upward. A trim valve releases the excess, maintaining the setpoint.
In some applications, the precision of pressure control directly bears upon the success of the process. For instance, core materials have limited compressive strength at elevated temperatures; even a small over-pressure can collapse the core and ruin the workload.
In a poorly designed autoclave, oscillation of the pressure can result in chattering of the inlet and outlet valves. One means of preventing this is utilizing large valves for filling and dumping and small valves for trimming at and near the setpoint. Alternatively, modulating valves will avoid this phenomenon.
Vacuum.
Often the least controlled factor in an autoclave, the vacuum may or may not require modulation. In some instances, it is not automated at all and involves little more than a connection to the plant vacuum system, a few manual valves, and a gauge. At the other extreme, the vacuum control system may be considerably more complex than that of the air temperature.
Safety assurance.
Safety is always a concern with autoclaves. The ASME code is extremely conservative; as a result, pressure vessels are among the safest, least risky types of machine in use today. However, this doesn't mean that safety can be taken for granted.
The ASME code requires, in addition to very conservative design of the vessel and its fittings, the installation of a code-stamped safety valve set at the design pressure. This valve is safety-wired to prevent changes in its setting and will pop open whenever the pressure in the autoclave exceeds the design pressure. While this triggering of the valve will relieve any possible overpressure in the vessel, it must also be able to keep the pressure source, whatever it is, from pushing enough air, inert gas, or steam in to bring the pressure back up to an unsafe level even with the safety valve wide open.
A conservatively designed autoclave has multiple safety valves which are each sized to be able to cope with the greatest available airflow into the vessel plus not less than 30%. The valves are mounted on a manifold that allows multiple pressure vessel outlets to feed multiple safety valves, each one of which can handle the entire air dump by itself, even if one pressure vessel outlet is accidentally blocked by debris from an internal failure. The added cost of the redundant safety valves is approximately "one tenth of one percent of the machine price".
Air or nitrogen from the source of pressurization is not the only potential cause of sudden over-pressure. An autoclave fire is guaranteed to raise the internal pressure, and this may exceed the safety valve's ability to vent fast enough. The solution is oversized safety valves and rupture disks, and more than a single one of each.
Knowing how much air or gas can, in the worst possible set of circumstances, be delivered to the inlet of the autoclave is part of the specification process. Doing this right depends upon providing the correct data to the autoclave manufacturer. This matching of the safety relief valving to the plant compressed air capacity is an example of how the autoclave is regarded not as an isolated entity but as an integral part of the plant in which it is sited and operated.
Composite parts and the materials used in their curing are often flammable, even if not readily so at room temperature and atmospheric pressure. The elevated temperatures and pressures involved in curing increase the risks of potential combustibility. While air is a suitable means of pressurizing an autoclave curing materials at 100 psi and , it may be too hazardous in an autoclave processing potentially combustible materials at 500 psi and . The risk may also be too high in extremely large (and expensive) cure loads. In such applications, nitrogen can be used, since it is both inert (in that it normally won't support combustion) and readily available. In bulk liquid form, it costs less than soft drinks. It is also a realistic alternative to special air compressors when pressures significantly higher than one hundred psi are required.
The simplest and most cost-effective safety device is the rupture disk. Incorporated into the pressure vessel in fabrication, this is simply a port in the vessel closed off by a finely machined plate that will burst at a predetermined pressure. This plate may be made of either aluminum or carbon. The disk is fitted within a flanged assembly that discharges the autoclave's pressure out into an exhaust pipe to carry the whoosh well away from personnel. The disk is fairly inexpensive and can be replaced easily. The rupture disk should be used to back up the safety valve and sized to drop internal pressure as quickly as possible. Autoclave fires can release considerable energy into the air inside, resulting in a sudden pressure spike. The rupture disk is designed to release at a pressure slightly above that of the ASME safety valve and well below that of the hydrostatic test; it is never called into play unless there is a sudden pressure increase beyond the capacity of the safety valve. The very modest cost of even a pair of fairly large rupture disks makes this an extremely attractive option. The rupture disk should be not less than twice the diameter of the inlet to or the outlet from the vessel, whichever is larger.
The type of door will determine whether it needs its own safety device. The T-bolt door is intrinsically safe, and the ASME code does not mandate an interlock for it. The other door types do require an interlock to prevent the possibility of opening when there is ~½ psi or more inside the vessel. Every autoclave will have this much; it's the absolute least that is legal. However, a prudent autoclave operator ought not to be willing to settle for the very least that is required. Even the best made components are not perfect, so the conservatively designed autoclave uses backup interlocks in both hardware and control software to reduce risk to the lowest level reasonably attainable. For example, if the control system senses any pressure in the vessel, it blocks the door opening cylinders with fail-safe valves, thus precluding any attempt to bypass the safety interlock manually. This is in addition to the code-mandated interlock. If desired, an additional interlock can be installed on a T-bolt door, too.
Another safety consideration is how sensors are wired. If a device is capable of failing in a particular state, then the failure should be such that a false indication of pressure is given. This is far better than a false indication of no pressure.
Nevertheless, checking the pressure as a condition to opening an autoclave is simply not safe enough. Particularly with industrial size autoclaves, such as those used in the rubber industry, it is critical that the autoclave be opened only after checking both the pressure and temperature gauges. If water inside an autoclave has managed to become superheated, the pressure gauge may not indicate the presence of steam even though the temperature may be significantly higher than the local boiling point for water. If the autoclave is opened in this state and the superheated water is disturbed, a steam explosion becomes possible. This phenomenon can easily produce fatal burns to people in the vicinity of the explosion. Often, victims die only after a painful agony sometimes lasting as long as a month.
As insurance and regulatory requirements vary from one location to another, they should be made the subject of discussion during the design process. If a small high-pressure steam boiler is needed, it may be necessary have to have an operating engineer to run it. In many localities, an existing employee can be trained to do this and given a license limited to the boiler in the plant. Some parts of the world require that autoclaves be licensed or operated only after inspections have been done and permits have been issued.
top of page
Economics.
Construction.
The price of an autoclave will vary enormously as a function of what has been designed and built into it. It is sensitive to some factors and insensitive to others. The price will depend largely upon its diameter and to a much lesser extent upon its length. Some of the features of an autoclave allow a wide range of options, and some of these can affect price dramatically. In considering acquisition of an autoclave, it is prudent to take nothing for granted; look at all possible options and variations. This includes whether the autoclave is the optimal means of accomplishing the process requirement. New technology in advanced composites, for example, is reducing the supremacy that the autoclave long had in the industry.
While doubling the design pressure might increase the cost of the autoclave by fifty percent, doubling the diameter might double or triple its cost. On the other hand, increases in length are surprisingly inexpensive. Doubling the length of a short autoclave might add as little as five or six percent to the final price. As a rule, it is most cost-effective to think of length in five- and ten-foot increments. Adding one foot of length to a vessel is not much cheaper than adding another five feet. This is predicated upon the customary practice of fabricating the pressure vessel from rolled plates.
Several inches of insulation must be added to the inside working diameter to get the diameter of the pressure vessel. Putting the insulation on the outside yields the smallest pressure vessel for a given inside working diameter, but the energy required to heat up the vessel itself each cycle soon makes this a very unattractive way of economizing, unless steam injection is used for heating, in which event external insulation must be used. For most machines, figure on four to six inches of insulation thickness. On machines rated at less than , this can be reduced to three inches (76 mm) . For temperatures over , it should be increased to eight inches or more. This affects the diameter significantly, but the trade-off generally favours the additional insulation.
If price is a major issue, some changes can constrain it without giving up important capabilities, while others can be deleted only at the cost of materially reducing the machine's functionality and value. Autoclave prices vary spectacularly from one manufacturer to another, as well. Sometimes, they seem to change with the phases of the moon. It is unwise to assume that every autoclave manufacturer or seller will charge pretty much the same price for a given configuration. Moreover, the prices of used machines can vary quite beyond belief. It is "not" uncommon to find used machines priced well above new ones, as well as hardly used autoclaves that sold at auction for cents on the dollar.
When looking into whether to purchase a new autoclave or an existing machine, the prospective purchaser will find that used machines may or may not be less expensive than a new one built to his precise specifications and that they can be very hard to find in the required configuration. If a used machine matching the requirements is located at a reasonable price, be certain to check for such things as door hinge wear, undocumented modifications made by the user or others (much more common than you might suspect), and the availability of the pressure vessel registration documents. To be really safe, ask for the construction prints and then compare them to the machine itself. Uninspected additions made after the insurance inspection may be trifling (for example, door handles welded on after the vessel was inspected), but they can enable an insurance company to disallow a claim for damages if something disastrous happens.
If the autoclave's U-1 form, which is issued by the constructor of the pressure vessel, is not available, or if the autoclave's data plate is not readable or perhaps not even there, then one might be looking at a homemade pressure vessel. Be aware that many pressure vessel shops will not touch a vessel that has been manufactured elsewhere, for even the smallest modification. Never buy an autoclave that needs work done on the pressure vessel itself unless the deal includes all modifications and retesting and re-inspection prior to acceptance of the machine. Otherwise, one can end up with the most expensive paperweight in the company's history. If in doubt, verify that the vessel's National Board registration is indeed valid. Check to see if the manufacturer is still in business and whether door seals are still available.
Even more important are the construction and installation drawings as well as the wiring diagrams. Are these available, and are they current? If it uses electric heat, will it be necessary to buy a large transformer to match the voltage? Modifying a 230 volt machine to operate on 460 volts or vice-versa can cost a good deal more than simply installing a transformer. Very few of the used machines on the market are fitted with advanced controls; will the existing controls serve the current and anticipated needs? Old and obsolescent control systems can be replaced. While the cost is not trivial, a sound pressure vessel can be upgraded at less expense than the price of a new autoclave. Moreover, the machine becomes available more quickly.
Operation.
Of the various factors which drive the economics of operating an autoclave, none is as important as means of heating, and this will have even greater relevance as energy prices rise. Electric heat is essentially 100% efficient, and it is the easiest and most precise to control, as well as the least costly to maintain (if the autoclave is designed with maintenance in mind). However, the cost per kilowatt-hour makes this the most expensive. It may easily be demonstrated that the money spent on electricity over an autoclave's full service life may equal four to six times the price paid for the autoclave in the first place.
Operation.
Typical uses.
While the autoclave is not as ubiquitous as the oven, it is typically used in a number of classes of application. Since rubber vulcanizing cannot be done in an air atmosphere, steam is used, and this mandates a pressure vessel of suitable capability. This is a batch process, thus a fast-acting door is necessary. The only practicable means of accomplishing this is an autoclave, and many are used in the rubber products industry. The manufacture of pressure-treated wood may require autoclaves. The sterilization of waste products is yet another application of steam autoclaves.
The aerospace industry manufactures small numbers of very expensive products and is thus able to afford the high capital and unit operating costs of autoclaves. Typically, this entails applying carefully controlled levels of heat and pressure to parts and assemblies. The curing of composites requires compacting the piles of material, pressing this material against the mold, forcing out volatiles and excess resin, and holding everything motionless during the entire cure cycle. In structural adhesive bonding, the autoclave forces the parts together and holds them while the adhesive cures. Unlike a press, the autoclave applies pressure uniformly, irrespective of the shape of the workload.
Cycle.
In a cycle typical of autoclave curing of composite parts, these steps occur:
Failure modes.
Failure in an autoclave differs materially from ordinary machinery defects only when it involves the pressure containment. Since compressed air, gas, or steam can store considerable energy, strict measures are mandated by law to prevent such incidents. Generally, pressure vessel failure takes one of two forms. One is rupture of the vessel, normally by crack propagation. Cracks in steel under stress can spread at speeds of up to more than a mile per second. This results in the release of stored energy, one effect of which is the acceleration of the rupture itself. Such releases are effectively explosions. The other form is the failure of a mechanical safety device, such as the interlock that disables the door opening mechanism as long as vessel pressure exceeds a conservative value, such as ¼ or ½ psi.
Less commonly, there can be a failure in the presumption that a door breechlock ring cannot turn when the door is under pressure. The geometry of the camming ramps results in a precise rotational torque tending to open the door when pressure acts against the inside of the door. This force also creates a friction which resists this rotation. If the coefficient of friction on the ramps is low enough, then the lock ring can move on its own. It can even buckle the hydraulic actuators used to turn the ring. The interlock devices on autoclave doors are intended to prevent improper sequences, not to mechanically restrain the door against movement. Thus, the interest of safety is best served when the control system incorporates multiple devices providing not only redundancy but a variety of methods, the failure of any one of which cannot defeat the entire safety system.

</doc>
<doc id="21441680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441680" title="Supachai Koysub">
Supachai Koysub

Supachai Koysub is an athlete and Paralympian from Thailand competing mainly in category T54 sprint events.
Biography.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T54 event, a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T54 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T54 event, finished fourth in the men's 100 metres - T54 event and went out in the semi-finals of the men's 800 metres - T54 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T53-54 event, a gold medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T53-54 event, was disqualifed in the men's 100 metres - T54 event, finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T54 event and finished seventh in the men's 400 metres - T54 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T53-54 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T53-54 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T54 event, went out in the first round of the men's 200 metres - T54 event and finished sixth in the men's 400 metres - T54 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441685" title="Wynental and Suhrental railway">
Wynental and Suhrental railway

The Wynental and Suhrental railway (, WSB) is a privately owned narrow gauge railway company in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It operates under the brand AAR bus+bahn, together with the Busbetrieb Aarau (the regional bus service of Aarau)
The railway consists of two branch lines, from Aarau to Menziken (Wynental) and from Aarau to Schöftland (Suhrental). Its main operation is passenger traffic. On workdays until 8PM, and on Saturdays until 6PM there is a quarter-hourly service, in the evenings and on Sundays the trains run every half hour. There is also a limited freight service in the Wynental, mainly to the metal works of Alu Menziken.
Route description.
Both branches begin in Aarau south of the SBB railway station. There is a separate station called Aarau WSB with an own station building and three passenger tracks.
The Wynental branch runs partly on, partly near the main road to Suhr, with rather tramway-like characteristics. After the station "Suhr Ausweiche", the line crosses the SBB railway Lenzburg-Zofingen on a level crossing, then follows the main road to Gränichen. In the village of Gränichen the WSB line runs about 100 meters away of the road - in earlier years the line was even "on" the road, which consistently lead to conflicts with the motor traffic. Further on, the line again follows the main road until Oberkulm, then separately to Gontenschwil and Zetzwil, again next to the main road until Reinach. Between Reinach and Menziken (the terminal station), the WSB line is now using a part of the track of the abandoned SBB line Beinwil am See - Beromünster (Seetalbahn).
The Suhrental branch first leads to a short tunnel, then follows the main road via Unterentfelden, Oberentfelden, Muhen, Hirschthal to Schöftland. Like in Suhr, the WSB line crosses the SBB line Lenzburg-Zofingen on a level crossing in Oberentfelden. In Oberentfelden, there is still a small part "on" the road; in Muhen, the railway line has been diverted from the main road in 2004.
The main workshops are in Schöftland next to the passenger station.
History.
In 1871, several municipalities in the Wynental founded a committee requesting a concession for two railway lines, from Aarau via Oberkulm to Reinach, and from Beinwil am See via Reinach to Menziken. Both were planned as standard gauge lines operated with steam engines. A year later the project was granted by the authorities of the canton Aargau, but was not executed, mainly due to disagreements over the exact line through the narrow valley. Only the section between Beinwil am See and Menziken was built and opened in 1883 - this however by the Seetal Railway (now SBB). Later on, this route was extended to Münster (today Beromünster).
In the Suhrental too, there were thoughts about constructing a railway. Here, however, from the beginning on, a narrow gauge electrically powered line was planned, in the largest part of the route to be operated as a tramway. The project of the company Brown, Boveri & Cie (BBC) received the license and soon thereafter the construction works began. The Aarau-Schöftland railway (AS) started operation on November 19, 1901. The planned extension of the AS from Schöftland to Triengen (connecting to the Sursee-Triengen-Bahn) was never realized.
Meanwhile, also the Wynental came to the conclusion that a narrow-gauge electric tram would be more economic. In January 1903 construction works were started. The opening of the Wynentalbahn (WTB) between Aarau and Reinach was on March 5, 1904, the extension to Menziken followed a few weeks later on 1 May. Both lines had their starting point on the north side of the SBB railway station of Aarau.
In 1924, the Wynentalbahn opened an own station at its present location south of the SBB railway lines. The Aarau-Schöftland-Bahn kept the line through Aarau downtown and the station on the north of the SBB station, this meant that the direct connection between WTB and AS was lost. The increasing motor traffic caused more and more problems, therefore, most parts of the railway lines have been moved away from the main roads. On June 24, 1958 the two companies AS and WTB were merged to the Wynental- und Suhrentalbahn (WSB), although the lines were still not connected. This was only restored in 1967, when the Suhrental branch was moved away from Aarau downtown and relocated into a 260-meter-long tunnel leading to the Wynental station on the south side of the SBB train station.
The transfer of the rails away from the road made great progress. In the villages however, space was often limited, so the railway line had to be separated from the road completely. A main step was the complete change of the route in Gränichen in 1985. Nevertheless, there were still many long stretches with tramway-like characteristics, in particular in Reinach and Menziken in the upper Wynental. There were often accidents with significant damage. In 1991, passenger traffic on the SBB line Beinwil am See - Beromünster was abandoned, and plans were set for the relocation of the WSB route to the now vacant SBB route. The adaptation work started in 1999 after the cessation of freight traffic. The new section Reinach Nord - Menziken was finally opened on 15 December 2002. Two years later, on December 5, 2004, another important project went into operation: the separation through Muhen. In 2008 - 2010, WSB replaced the former 3.6 km Aarau - Suhr - Buchs route (which used standard gauge track and ran on congested Kantonsstrasse K 242) with a new 4.47 km narrow gauge track, incorporating former SBB right of way with a major new underpass. This section was operational on 22 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21441696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441696" title="George McWhirter">
George McWhirter

George McWhirter (born Belfast, Northern Ireland, September 26, 1939) is a Northern Irish-Canadian writer, translator, editor, teacher and Vancouver’s first Poet Laureate.
The son of a shipyard worker, George McWhirter was raised in a large extended family on the Shankill Road in Belfast. In 1957 he began a “combined scholarship” studying English and Spanish at Queen’s University, Belfast, and education at Stranmillis College, Belfast. His tutor at Queen’s was the poet Laurence Lerner, and he was a classmate with the future literary critic Robert Dunbar and the poets Seamus Heaney and Seamus Deane. After graduating, McWhirter taught in Kilkeel and Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland, and in Barcelona, Spain, before moving to Port Alberni, B.C. Canada. After receiving his M.A. from the University of British Columbia (UBC), where he studied under Michael Bullock and J. Michael Yates, he stayed on to become a Full Professor in 1982 and Head of the Creative Writing Department from 1983 to 1993. He retired as a Professor Emeritus in 2005. He was associated with PRISM international magazine from 1968 to 2005. McWhirter is the author and editor of numerous books and the recipient of many awards. His first book of poetry, "Catalan Poems", was a joint winner of the first Commonwealth Poetry Prize with Chinua Achebe’s "Beware, Soul Brother". He was made a life member of the League of Canadian Poets in 2005 and is also a member of the Writers’ Union of Canada, PEN International, the Federation of B.C. Writers and the Literary Translators’ Association of Canada. 
In March 2007, he was named Vancouver’s inaugural Poet Laureate for a two-year term. He currently writes full–time and lives in Vancouver with his wife. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21441724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441724" title="1982–83 Paraguay floods">
1982–83 Paraguay floods

The 1982–83 Paraguay floods refers to major flooding that primarily affected the Paraná River basin in the La Plata Basin of Paraguay in the fall of 1982 and beginning of 1983. The flooding was caused by El Niño and also affected parts of Brazil, Argentina and Bolivia. Although only 170 were killed as a direct result of the floods, 600,000 people were evacuated from their homes and in the end the damage rose to around $3 billion.
The floods caused a great deal of damage to housing, prompting a structural redesign in building in Paraguay in the aftermath. Houses were constructed, designed to provide safe shelter, even if the floods submerged single storey houses.

</doc>
<doc id="21441726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441726" title="Ishi Kore Dome No Kami">
Ishi Kore Dome No Kami

Ishi Kori Dome is an androgynous or transgender deity of the Shinto religion of Japan. Ishi Kori Dome creates the exquisite mirror which lures the sun goddess Amaterasu out of her cave and returns light to the world. Due to this achievement, Ishi Kori Dome is worshipped by makers of mirrors and stonecutters.

</doc>
<doc id="21441727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441727" title="Arián Iznaga">
Arián Iznaga

Arián Iznaga Aldiles (Villa Clara Province) is a Paralympian athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Adrian competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in the 100m and 200m but it was he teamed up with his Cuban team mates as part of the 4x100m he won a silver medal. He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T11 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441746" title="Robert Jabanungga">
Robert Jabanungga

Robert (Bobby) Mellor Granites Jabanungga AKA Robert Kantilla, Robert Japanangka, Robert Japananga, Robert Jabanunga Kantilla (1946–1985) was a TV actor, Aboriginal dancer and musician best known for playing the didgeridoo at many Canberra festivals as well as national and international events. Jabanungga Avenue in the Canberra suburb of Ngunnawal is named in his honour. The word Jabanungga is a tribal name which means 'Peaceful land'.
Early life.
Robert was born in 1946 in Yuendumu a settlement established by the Federal government to deliver rations and welfare services to the Walpiri people. Raised as a Walpiri, he had eight brothers and eight sisters and lived in a humpy and hunted kangaroos, goannas, lizards and snakes. He received a traditional Aboriginal education including bush craft, tribal rites and ceremonies. 
The Yuendumu community operated within the bounds of a native affairs policies of forced assimilation. His cousins were members of the (Aboriginal) lost generation, in that the authorities forcibly removed them from their tribe and placed them into foster care in a white community.
Jabanungga's tribal group was moved to Mt Doreen Cattle Station, west of Yuendumu and later still to Warrabri, another settlement, where he received the western education alongside his native one.
He was eventually placed with the Mellor family who lived in Alice Springs. Here he finished his schooling and started a butchers apprenticeship. He worked for three years in a local butchers shop. He adopted their family name for a time. During the late 1960s he spent a few years in Adelaide. He relocated to Melbourne in the early 1970s where he worked as a teacher aide at the newly established Debney Meadows Primary School. The school had just introduced a performing arts program integrated with its Australian history syllabus where Robert taught student about aboriginal cultural studies including the corroboree. 
Aboriginal actors were in demand for Australia's expanding Television industry. He found sporadic work in particular in the ABC-TV series Bellbird and Channel 7's Cash and Co (Tandarra) . Through the 1970s, Robert travelled to Malaysia, Hong Kong and other parts of Asia playing didgeridoo and dancing. He worked as an Aboriginal Culture Advisor for the Victorian Department of Education and Special Services. During the 1980s Jabanungga worked at Aboriginal Studies at ‘Birrigai’, one of Australia’s foremost Indigenous Outdoor Education Centres situated in the Brindabella Range, south west of Canberra. Jabanungga died at the age of 39 in 1985.
Robert also performed with the band Goanna in the 80's. He played the Didgeridoo and performed in the video clip of the same name.
Commentator.
Robert like many of his generation experienced the culture wars between the indigenous and white communities. He witnessed the brutal regime at Mt Doreen station where the station owner treated 'the blacks' as slaves. Aboriginal writer and activist Kevin Gilbert interviewed Jabanungga for the award winning book 'Living Black: Blacks Talk to Kevin Gilbert'. 
’Suffering is that the white people class them as the lowest person on earth. Modern Aboriginals are victims of this chain of historical events. I believe that Aborigines should come to view their background a bit more realistically on the surface and with a bit less shame underneath.
Aboriginal people were forced to work, if they didn’t, the station owners called the police in. I always thought Australia was different to America, but we had slavery here, too. The people might not have been sold on the blocks like the American Negroes were, but they were owned, just the same.’.

</doc>
<doc id="21441749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441749" title="NGC 60">
NGC 60

NGC 60 is an Sc type spiral galaxy in the Pisces constellation.
NGC 60 is noticed for its unusually distorted spiral arms, which are commonly due to gravitational effects of neighboring galaxies, but there are no galaxies around NGC 60 to allow this.

</doc>
<doc id="21441761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441761" title="School No. 27 (Commodore John Rodgers Elementary School)">
School No. 27 (Commodore John Rodgers Elementary School)

School No. 27 (Commodore John Rodgers Elementary School) is a historic elementary school located in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was built and opened in 1913. It is a freestanding brick building that rises 3 ½-4 levels from a low granite base to its essentially flat roof and parapet. The exterior features a double stair of granite that leads up to the main entrance at the first floor of the building. After closing, it was converted to apartments.
School No. 27 (Commodore John Rodgers Elementary School) was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21441774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441774" title="John Fitzpatrick (athlete)">
John Fitzpatrick (athlete)

John Fitzpatrick ("John Richardson "Johnny" Fitzpatrick;" born March 21, 1907, date of death unknown) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hamilton, Ontario.
In 1928 he finished fifth the 200 metres event. In the 100 metres competition he was eliminated in the semi-finals. He was also a member of the Canadian relay team which was disqualified in the final of the 4×100 metres contest.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 200 yards event and the bronze medal in the 100 yards. With the Canadian relay team he won the gold medal in the 4×110 yards contest.
Fitzpatrick raced out of the Hamilton Olympic Club. He also played senior Canadian football for the Hamilton Tigers for two seasons, 1926 and 1928, winning the Grey Cup

</doc>
<doc id="21441787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441787" title="Oxford University Phonetics Lab">
Oxford University Phonetics Lab

The Phonetics Laboratory is the phonetics laboratory at the University of Oxford, England. It is located at 41 Wellington Square, Oxford.
The laboratory focusses on experimental tests of linguistic assumptions and empirical linguistics. It provides teaching at the undergraduate and graduate level. Research students in the laboratory are normally reading for a higher degree in Experimental Linguistics, though students from other disciplines touching on the subject of speech are sometimes based in Phonetics.
The Phonetics Laboratory was established in 1980. It occupies the basement of 41 Wellington Square, a mid-Victorian brick building, expanded since. It has experimental areas (sound-insulated recording booths), and general experimental space. The lab also supports signal processing research via software, speech corpora, and processor clusters.
Working Papers.
The Phonetics Lab has published collections of working papers (ongoing research and research getting ready for peer-reviewed publication) since 1996. The 2009 Working Papers are titled "Papers in Phonetics and Computational Linguistics."

</doc>
<doc id="21441792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441792" title="Bore pitch">
Bore pitch

Bore pitch is the distance between the centerline of a cylinder bore to the centerline of the next cylinder bore adjacent to it in an internal combustion engine. It's also referred to as the "mean cylinder width", "bore spacing", "bore center distance" and "cylinder spacing".
The bore pitch is always larger than the inside diameter of the cylinder (the bore and piston diameter) since it includes the thickness of both cylinder walls and any water passage separating them. This is one of the first dimensions required when developing a new engine, since it limits maximum cylinder size (and therefore, indirectly, maximum displacement), and determines the length of the engine (L4, 6, 8) or of that bank of cylinders (V6, V8 etc.).
In addition, the positions of the main bearings must be between individual cylinders (L4 with 5 main bearings, or L6 with 7 main bearings - only one rod journal between main bearings), or between adjacent pairs of cylinders (L4 with 3 main bearings, L6 or V6 with 4 main bearings, or V8 with 5 main bearings - two rod journals between main bearings).
In some older engines (such as the Chevrolet Gen-2 "stovebolt" 216, 235 & 261 L6, the G.M.C. 228, 236, 248, 256, 270 & 302 L6, the Buick 320 L8, and the Chrysler "Slant 6" 170, 198 & 225) the bore pitch is additionally extended to allow more material between the main bearing webs in the block. For example, in an L6 the first pair (#1 & 2), center pair (#3 & 4), and rear pair (#5 & 6) of cylinders that share a pair of main bearings have a smaller pitch than between #2 & 3 and #4 & 5 that "bridge" a main bearing.
Since the start-up expense of casting an engine block is very high, this is a strong incentive to retain this dimension for as long as possible to amortize the tooling cost over a large number of engines.
If and when the engine is further refined, modified or enlarged, the bore pitch may be the only dimension retained from its predecessor. The bore diameter is frequently increased to the limit of minimal wall thickness, the water passage is eliminated between each pair of adjacent cylinders, the deck height is increased to accommodate a longer stroke, etc. but in general if the bore pitch is the same, the engines are related.
As an example of development, the Chrysler 277" polyspheric V8, first introduced in 1956, was gradually increased in size by bore and stroke to 326" by 1959, then received a drastic make-over in 1964 to conventional "wedge" combustion chambers, then modified again for stud-mounted rocker arms, and finally underwent an even greater re-design to become the modern 5.7 liter hemi. All of these engines retain the original 4.460" bore pitch distance set down in 1956.
Hybrid heads.
"Hybrid" is the term commonly used to identify an engine modified for high performance by adapting a cylinder head from another (sometimes completely different) brand, size, model or type engine. Note: using a later head of the same engine "family" isn't a true hybrid, but mere modernization.
In some cases, 2 heads from the donor (source) engine are joined end-to-end to match the number of cylinders on the subject engine (such as a Chevrolet L6 using 3 cylinders each of 2 V8 heads).
Identical or extremely similar bore pitch is what makes this possible, or (almost) impossible.

</doc>
<doc id="21441793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441793" title="Princess Elisabeth Maria of Bavaria">
Princess Elisabeth Maria of Bavaria

Princess Elisabeth Maria of Bavaria (baptised "Elisabeth Maria Anna Henriette Josepha Sophie Amalia Ferdinanda Ludovika Antonia Theresia Kreszentia Ala Ghislane") (10 October 1913 – 3 March 2005) was a German princess of the House of Wittelsbach. She was the daughter of Prince Alfons of Bavaria and his wife Louise Victoire.
Biography.
Marriages and issue.
She first married Franz Joseph Graf von Kageneck on 6 May 1939 at Schloss Nymphenburg. Their children were:
She married for a second time to Ernst Kustner on 9 May 1944 in a civil ceremony and on 6 June that year in a religious ceremony, though they divorced on 13 August 1953. Their children were:

</doc>
<doc id="21441810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441810" title="Walloon alphabet">
Walloon alphabet

The Walloon alphabet consist of the basic ISO Latin Alphabet, and four types of diacritic.
Diacritics.
Diacritics used in this languages are the acute accent (´), grave accent (`), circumflex (ˆ), ring (°), and cedilla (¸). In some dialects, the umlaut (¨) is used. These accent have no effect on the alphabetic order of these letters.

</doc>
<doc id="21441821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441821" title="Vugar Mehdiyev">
Vugar Mehdiyev

Vugar Mehdiyev is a Paralympian athlete from Azerbaijan competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T13 event and finished fourth in the men's 100 metres - T13 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441825" title="Li Yansong">
Li Yansong

He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T11-13 event, a silver medal in the men's 400 metres - T12 event, finished fifth in the men's 100 metres - T12 event and finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T12 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T11-13 event, a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T12 event and was disqualifed in the men's 400 metres - T12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441836" title="Ronaille Calheira">
Ronaille Calheira

Ronaille Calheira Seará (born March 13, 1984 in Bahia, Brazil) is a Brazilian soccer player who currently plays for the Maltese Premier League Club Tarxien Rainbows.
AAttributes.
A tall and gangly player with a good heading ability, Calheira plays at the striker position.

</doc>
<doc id="21441842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441842" title="Operational history of the Luftwaffe (1939–45)">
Operational history of the Luftwaffe (1939–45)

During the Second World War the German "Luftwaffe" was the main support weapon of the German Army ("Heer"). It fought and supported the "Wehrmacht"'s war effort throughout the six years of conflict and contributed to much of Nazi Germany's early successes in 1939-1942. After the turn in Germany's fortunes, it continued to support the German ground forces until the German surrender on the 8 May 1945.
Poland.
Poland - Operation "Fall Weiss"
On 1 September 1939 German forces invaded Poland, triggering World War II. The Luftwaffe begun the invasion by bombing the undefended civilian town of Wieluń. The Luftwaffe was an instrumental component of the Blitzkrieg battle plan. The Luftwaffe assigned two airfleets to the campaign.Albert Kesselring's "Luftflotte 1" was equipped with 807 aircraft, which was augmented by 92 Seaplanes of "Fliegerfuhrer der Seeluftstreitkrafte". Alexander Löhr's "Luftflotte 4" had 627 aircraft, augmented by 30 Slovak aircraft. A further 406 fighters were retained as part of home defence against potential Polish attack, while another 333 Reconnaissance machines, under the command of "Kommandeur der Luftwaffe", were attached to the Army.
The Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka" carried out the first mission of the campaign, twenty minutes before war was officially announced. This same aircraft was to score the first aerial victory of the war when "Kettenführer" Leutnant Frank Neubert shot down a Polish PZL P.11c fighter aircraft piloted by Captain Mieczysław Medwecki.
The Polish Air Force, contrary to popular belief, was not destroyed on the ground. Most of their units had dispersed to pre-arranged heavily camouflaged airfields in the hours leading up to the invasion. Most of the airfields bombed by the Luftwaffe destroyed empty hangars, and unserviceable machines. The Poles suffered heavy losses but managed to inflict considerable losses on the Luftwaffe.
The Polish Air Force bomber units did attempt to strike at the German Panzer Divisions and slow the speed of advance. Equipped with PZL.37 Łoś bombers, these units were virtually annihilated by the 5 September. The Messerschmitt Bf 110 was proving itself to be more than capable in both the escort and bomber intercept role and accounted for the majority of these kills, which pleased Hermann Göring, a fan of the twin-engined heavy fighter.
The Polish fighter units were still active, and were inflicting small losses on the Luftwaffe, however the "Jagd" and "Zerstörergruppen" were increasing their ground attack roles. As a result many Polish fighters were caught taking off, when there were at a considerable disadvantage. It was indirect rather than direct air support which won the Luftwaffe air-superiority. By destroying communications the Luftwaffe increased the pace of the advance which overran Polish airstrips and early warning sites and causing logistical problems for the Poles. Many Polish Air Force units were now low on supplies, 98 of their number withdrew into neutral (at that time) Romania. The polish initial strength of 397 had been reduced to just 54 by 14 September and air opposition virtually ceased.
Part of the Luftwaffe's operations involved the destruction of the small but modern Polish Navy. The Luftwaffe had few units capable of effective anti-shipping operations. One of these units was 4.(St)/TrGr 186 - a Stuka unit which originally had been trained to operate from the German aircraft carrier Graf Zeppelin. 4.(St)/TrGr 186's most notable success was to sink the destroyer "Wicher" and mine-layer "Gryf".
The Luftwaffe had been successful in neutralizing Polish air and sea power within first days of campaign, and with air superiority established the Luftwaffe was free to concentrate on attacking supply and communication links with devastating effect. The outdated Polish Army was denied what mobility it had left as traveling by road became perilous and the rail networks had been largely destroyed.
The Stuka became the symbol of the German war machine throughout the campaign. Operating without opposition, it supported the Panzer Divisions by acting as flying artillery. On one occasion six Polish divisions trapped by encircling German forces were forced to surrender after a relentless four day assault by StG 51, StG 76 and StG 77. Employed in this assault was the 50 kg fragmentation bombs which caused appalling damage to enemy ground troops. Demoralized, the Poles surrendered.
The Wehrmacht however was given a shock soon afterwards. The Polish 'Poznan' and 'Pomorze' armies counter-attacked, threatening to break the flank of the German 8. "Armee", and to cut off the 10."Armee". The Luftwaffe was called upon for a maximum effort in what became known as the Battle of Bzura. The Luftwaffe's offensive broke what remained of Polish resistance in an "awesome demonstration of air power".
The Luftwaffe quickly destroyed the bridges across the Bzura river. Afterward the Polish forces were trapped out in the open, and were attacked by wave after wave of Stukas, dropping 50 kg 'light bombs' which caused huge numbers of casualties. The Polish flak positions ran out of ammunition and they retreated to the forests but were then 'smoked out' by the Heinkel He 111s and Dornier Do 17s dropping 100 kg incendiaries. The Luftwaffe had left the Army with the simple task of mopping up survivors. "The Sturzkampfgeschwader" alone dropped 388 tonnes of bombs during this battle.
The expenditure of munitions was beyond expectations. The Luftwaffe had expended a third of their explosives (some 3,000 tonnes). The Luftwaffe's aircraft had performed well. The Dornier Do 17 and Heinkel He 111 were faster than the Polish fighters and were able to outrun them. Many losses occurred through anti-aircraft fire. According to a Luftwaffe General Quartermaster report as of 28 September 1939 German forces lost 285 aircraft to all causes, while 279 aircraft were damaged at 10% or above and were written off or required major repairs. Aircrew losses were 189 dead, 126 wounded and 224 missing.
Polish resistance ended completely on 6 October 1939.
Norway and Denmark.
Operation Weserübung (9 April - 10 June 1940)
The Luftwaffe had assembled 527 aircraft for the campaign in Scandinavia, including 300 medium bombers and 50 Stuka dive-bombers. The Germans had also deployed over 40 seaplane reconnaissance aircraft and 200 Junkers Ju 52 transports to carry occupying forces and Fallschirmjäger paratroops. The opposing air forces of Denmark and Norway were poorly equipped. The Danes had only 89 combat aircraft (and only 12 of the relatively modern Fokker D XXI) and the Norwegians a strength of 74.
Operation Weserübung commenced on the morning of 9 April 1940. The only hostile engagement the Luftwaffe took part in over Denmark was on the first day of the invasion, when a flight of Bf 110s of 1./ZG 1 ("Zerstörergeschwader" 1) shot down one Fokker CV taking off on a reconnaissance mission from Vaerlose airfield. The remaining machines were either destroyed or severely damaged by ground strafing. Denmark was virtually overrun within 24 hours and capitulated. The surviving Danish aircraft were first impounded and later on in the war confiscated and used for training purposes by the Luftwaffe. During the invasion a significant incident occurred in the town of Aalborg, when Oberleutnant Victor Mölders (brother of Werner Mölders) took the official surrender of the town after landing at the local airfield. Dressed in flying gear he was given a lift into the town center by a milkman to find suitable quarters for I./ZG 1's Bf 110 crews.
The German invasion of Norway also began that day, and although inferior in the air, the Norwegians put up considerable resistance. Norwegian air strength around Oslo consisted of just 24 combat aircraft including five Tiger Moth biplanes; this force was destroyed or captured by the evening. After the first day's fighting Norwegian aerial strength fell to 54.
A notable failure of the Luftwaffe during the initial invasion was caused by the Stukas of "Sturzkampfgeschwader" I./StG 1, who failed to silence the batteries of the Oscarsborg Fortress thus contributing to the loss of the heavy cruiser "Blücher" and causing the disruption of the amphibious landings in Oslo through Oslofjord.
The Luftwaffe incurred considerable losses over Oslo's Fornebu airport in which Norwegian Gloster Gladiators shot down a transport aircraft in exchange for a single loss. The airport continued to be held by the Norwegians and several Ju 52s were forced to land under fire causing considerable losses to the transports. Helmut Lent, a future night fighter ace, destroyed two Gladiators and then proceeded to strafe the defenders. The Bf 110s were running out of fuel and the situation was becoming critical, until more Ju 52s approached and disgorged the airborne troops which then quickly secured the airfield.
With Luftwaffe support, the Wehrmacht had established a toe-hold in Norway. The Germans had flown 680 sorties and had lost 43 aircraft destroyed or damaged. In the next few days the Luftwaffe would establish air-superiority. The British RAF Fighter Command, RAF Bomber Command and Fleet Air Arm continued to support the Allied forces, but suffered heavy losses at the hands of the Luftwaffe.
The Luftwaffe had also dented the Royal Navy during the first phases of the invasion. Junkers Ju 88's of KG 30 and Heinkel He 111s of KG 26 succeeded in damaging the battleship HMS "Rodney" and sinking the destroyer HMS "Gurkha". Focke-Wulf Fw 200 'Condors' were used to patrol the coast and report shipping positions to the Luftwaffe "Kampfgruppen" and U-Boats in the area. Southern Norway was effectively in German hands by 20 April but the fighting in northern and central Norway lasted for some weeks. The Norwegian campaign lasted until June 1940, and with the disasters suffered by the Allies in France, British and French Forces withdrew and Norway capitulated.
The campaign had cost the Luftwaffe 260 aircraft, of which 86 were transports. Personnel casualties numbered 342 killed and 448 missing. It had destroyed 96 British aircraft (43 in air-to-air combat) and sunk a cruiser, six destroyers, 21 other warships of other sorts and 21 merchant ships. Luftwaffe transport losses, while heavy, helped supply the Army with fuel and supplies in 3,018 missions over the course of the battle. The Luftwaffe had no doubt tipped the balance of the campaign in Germany's favour, without it the Allied advantage on land and at sea might have defeated the invasion. During the remainder of the year the Luftwaffe would meet increasing numbers of British made Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire aircraft which were much faster than the Luftwaffe's bomber fleet; the future campaigns, though successful, were to prove far more costly.
France and the Low Countries.
On 10 May 1940, the Wehrmacht launched the invasion of France and the Low Countries. The first phase of the invasion "Fall Gelb" called for an invasion of the Netherlands and Belgium in which the Germans correctly predicted the French and British Forces would then push into Belgium to stop an advance into France. "Gelb" would then deliver the main blow, as most of the German armoured divisions would strike through the Ardennes and cut off the Allied forces in northern France, leaving the rest of the country defenseless.
The Polish campaign had taught the Luftwaffe valuable lessons. It was no longer thought that it could wipe out the French and British air power immediately on the ground, although Albert Kesselring (Commander of "Luftlotte" 3) hoped this would be achieved against the Dutch and the Belgians. The French Armee de l'Air had 1,562 aircraft, and initial RAF Fighter Command's strength stood at 680 machines, while Bomber Command could contribute some 392 aircraft to operations.
The Luftwaffe would only attack a handful of airfields in France during the first day of the campaign, as most effort was diverted to ground support operations. In the Netherlands the Luftwaffe made extensive use of paratroopers and glider-borne forces (eventually to little effect). The Luftwaffe had committed a force of 1,815 combat, 487 Transport and 50 glider aircraft for the invasion of the Low countries.
The opposing air forces of Belgium and the Netherlands (the "Militaire Luchtvaart" - ML, and the "Aeronautique Militaire" - AeMI) were far inferior in terms of equipment and numbers, the Dutch Airforce largely used biplanes. The ML had only 144 aircraft but, like the Polish, they were dispersed well. After the first days operations half the ML's strength had been sapped. During the four days that it resisted the Luftwaffe it accounted for only a handful of Luftwaffe aircraft shot down.
The difficulties facing the Luftwaffe during the Norwegian campaign resurfaced in the Netherlands. The Hague airfields were to be captured by glider and paratroops, but the Dutch had heavily fortified the area and prepared obstacles to hamper landing attempts. Much of the ground was also soft causing many transports to sink into the grass making them very vulnerable to enemy artillery fire. The RAF was quickly deployed to the Netherlands to offer support for the ML. Together with Dutch AA, it inflicted heavy losses on the "Transportgruppen", 125 Ju 52 in all, were destroyed and 47 damaged, representing 50% of the fleet's strength.
On 14 May, the Dutch began negotiations for a ceasefire. On this 14 May the city of Rotterdam was bombarded by the Luftwaffe with the objective to support the German ground troops fighting in the city, and thus ultimately to force the Dutch to surrender. The event was displayed as a terror bombing by contemporary Allied press, a belief that is still shared by many. The Dutch officially surrendered on 15 May. Some Dutch forces continued to resist in Zeeland to enable French and British forces to evacuate.
The Luftwaffe was to have far better success in Belgium. Having completed thorough photographic reconnaissance missions it destroyed 83 of the 179 aircraft the "Aeronautique Militaire" within the first 24 hours. The Belgians would fly on 77 operational missions but would contribute little to the air campaign. The Luftwaffe was assured air superiority over the Low Countries.
The Belgian fortress of Eben Emael was taken on the 14 May. This successful action was carried out by glider troops in DFS 230 gliders, consisting of 85 paratroopers of the 1st "Fallschirmjäger" Division led by Oberleutnant Rudolf Witzig. Reinforced by the German 151st Infantry Regiment, and on 11 May 1,200 Belgian soldiers in the fortress surrendered. Despite RAF and French assistance, Belgium surrendered on 28 May. In the first nine days of the Campaign Armée de l'Air losses exceeded those of the other Allied air forces, losing 420 aircraft to all causes. The RAF would lose 203, including 128 on the ground.
During the Blitzkrieg operations of Fall Gelb and Fall Rot, as in Poland, it was the "Stuka" that stood out. The "Stukas" took a heavy toll of Allied Naval and Ground forces. Its ability to deliver accurate payloads with pinpoint precision along with its psychological screaming sirens became the scourge of the Allies. Although lightly armed, slow and unmaneuverable the Luftwaffe had established virtual air superiority and Stukas were to operate without much opposition. Regarded as 'flying artillery' the Stukas responded to Panzer Divisions calls by clearing up pockets of resistance along the axis of advance. The Stukas operated virtually at the limits of their range, until the introduction of the Ju 87R which provided extended range. Over 120 Stukas were destroyed or damaged during the campaign (mostly to ground fire), which represented nearly one-third of the Stuka-arms strength.
Allied attempts to stem the advance in the wake of the Battle of Dunkirk (see also Evacuation of Dunkirk) by bombing German forces advancing failed with heavy losses. On 14 May 1940, a day the Luftwaffe called "the day of the fighters", Allied bombers attempted to halt the Wehrmacht crossing the Meuse river, but inadequately protected they suffered appalling losses at the hands of Luftwaffe fighters. Over 120 Bf 109s destroyed as many French and British aircraft (90 of which were bombers) in the day's fighting.
As early on as 16 May, the French position on the ground and in the air was becoming desperate. They pressed the British for to commit more of the RAF fighter groups to the battle. Hugh Dowding, C-in-C of RAF Fighter Command refused, arguing that if France collapsed, the British fighter force would be severely weakened.
The most significant operational failure of the Luftwaffe during these campaigns was the inability to prevent the embarkation of most of the British Expeditionary Force in May–June 1940. Although it can be argued that Hitler ultimately was responsible, fearing the Panzer Divisions' losses would deplete them ahead of the southward drive into France and recalling how in 1914 the waterways in north-eastern France had bogged down the German northern flank he prevented the push which would have netted him the entire Allied land forces on the continent. During the Dunkirk battle the Luftwaffe flew 1,882 bombing and 1,997 fighter sweeps. German losses over Dunkirk represented just 2% of their losses during the campaign, less than 100 aircraft. British losses totaled 6% of their total losses during the French campaign, including 60 precious fighter pilots.
The second, and final, phase of the German plan was "Fall Rot". The Luftwaffe supported the rapidly advancing army into southern France by initiating several offensives such as Operation Paula. Opposition in the air, significant at first, died away. The Armee de l'Air was now largely absent from French skies. Nearly 1,000 of its aircraft were destroyed and captured on airfields around Paris after the fall of the city on 14 June.
At the beginning of "Fall Rot", French aviation industry had reached a considerable output, and estimated its strength at nearly 2,000. However chronic lack of parts crippled this industrial feat. Only 29% (599) aircraft were serviceable, of which 170 were bombers, of which all were vastly inferior and vulnerable to the Luftwaffe's "Jagdgruppen" equipped with the Bf 109E.
The French ground forces, now alone after Dunkirk, had virtually no air cover, and as a result the Luftwaffe was able to allow large formations of its "Stukas" and Bombers to operate without escorts, and fighters were free to conduct sweeps to eliminate any air opposition that remained (see Luftwaffe Organization). It is estimated the French lost 1,274 aircraft destroyed during the campaign, the British suffered losses of 959 (477 fighters).
The battle for France had cost the Luftwaffe 28% of its front line strength, some 1,428 aircraft destroyed. A further 488 were damaged, making a total of 36% of the Luftwaffe strength negatively affected. The Luftwaffe still retained a total reserve strength of 10,000 pilots, which would be needed in the battle of attrition that was to follow over the British Isles.
Battle of Britain.
Following the successful campaign in France, and as a prerequisite for Operation Sea Lion, the invasion of Britain, the Royal Air Force (RAF) had to be defeated. The earlier successes had caused Göring to become overly confident in its abilities and made him boast that the RAF would be defeated in a matter of days.
The Luftwaffe had been designed as a tactical air force to support ground forces on the battlefield and had operated this way during the continental campaigns with enormous success. In the Battle of Britain, however, the Luftwaffe was ordered to operate alone, as a strategic weapon. This new role was something the Luftwaffe had never been designed for: it lacked the strategic bombers and long-range fighters needed to initiate a strategic bombing campaign. Therefore the Luftwaffe's first task was to ensure air supremacy over southeast England, to pave the way for an invasion fleet.
The Luftwaffe committed three "Luftflotten" to the campaign. "Luftflotte" 2, under "Generalfeldmarschall" Albert Kesselring, was allocated to targets in the southwest and the London area. "Luftflotte" 3, under "Generalfeldmarschall" Hugo Sperrle, targeted the West Midlands and northwest of England. "Luftflotte" 5, led by Generaloberst Hans-Jürgen Stumpff and based in Norway, was deployed against targets in the north of England and Scotland. The raids against the north were disastrous, and the Germans never again attempted large scale raids against the north of England. They deployed Stuka dive bombers at first in raids in the south of England, but they performed poorly and many were shot down by the RAF. They had to be withdrawn from the battle.
The German air crews were overall more experienced but the standard of fighter aircraft was even. The Bf 109E was slightly better in all round performance than the Hawker Hurricane, however the Bf 109 and the Supermarine Spitfire were equally matched. The Bf 109 was faster at high altitude and the Spitfire had the advantage at medium heights. The Messerschmitts carried heavy armament in the shape of two 20 mm MG FF cannons. A significant advantage for the German fighter was its fuel injected engine, which allowed it to perform negative-G maneuvers without the engine cutting-out. The Spitfire and Hurricane lacked this capability. The twin-engined Messerschmitt Bf 110 had performed well in the earlier campaigns. It was well-armed and had the range to escort the bombers deep into enemy territory, which the Bf 109 lacked. Its fatal flaw was that in comparison to the British fighters it was unmaneuverable and therefore vulnerable.
In August 1940, the RAF narrowly avoided defeat. It was a close run battle, and by late August, with the Luftwaffe hammering RAF airfields and communications in south east England, the situation had become desperate. The RAF committed its last reserves, made up largely of inexperienced pilots with only hours of combat training. Saundby concludes, "had the Germans persisted in their policy for another fortnight the result would have been disastrous for Fighter Command." He also stresses the pressure put on the Fighter Units by the Luftwaffe, "The worst hit Squadrons were sent north to quieter sectors to recuperate, but all too soon 'rested' squadrons would have to return to the South East."
The essential plan for the invasion was air superiority over the beachheads. Göring convinced Hitler that the air war was almost won and that in fact the RAF was in its death throes. Hitler switched targets to London. He hoped to draw out the RAF and completely destroy its remaining strength while devastating civilian morale through mass bombing. It was ultimately this critical error that helped lead to Fighter Command's recovery. The airfields were repaired, and pilot numbers were stabilized and then gradually increased through the influx of new pilots.
On 15 September 1940 Göring sent nearly 1,000 aircraft against London suffering losses of 175 aircraft destroyed or damaged in the day's fighting. On 17 September 1940 Hitler postponed the invasion. The Luftwaffe switched to a terror bombing campaign against British cities that lasted until the spring of 1941, when most bomber units were redeployed for the imminent invasion of the USSR. The raids often caused spectacular damage but did little to harm the British war effort. Hitler again postponed the invasion on 13 October 1940 until the spring of 1941. But on 18 December 1940 Hitler issued Directive 21, beginning preparations for the attack on the USSR, effectively canceling the invasion. Although defeated the Luftwaffe remained formidable: as Air Marshal Sir Robert Saundby concluded, "it was not the beginning of the end but the end of the beginning." The Battle of Britain cost the Luftwaffe 873 fighters and 1,014 bombers. The RAF lost 1,023 fighters.
Never again did the Luftwaffe operate in such numbers over Britain.
North Africa and the Mediterranean 1941-44.
In North Africa and the Mediterranean, the Luftwaffe mainly saw action in support of the ground operations conducted by General Erwin Rommel's Afrika Korps. The Afrika Korps fought in North Africa from February 1941 to May 1943.
Before Rommel's arrival, Mussolini's invasion of Greece, in October 1940 and the Italian offensive against the British in Egypt the previous month had been a complete disaster. The British had driven the Italian forces back into Libya, and now seemed poised to sweep them out of Africa altogether. The Greek Army had also pushed back the Italians into Italian-occupied Albania, and, while the Greeks hesitated to ask for British troops for fear of German intervention, a few RAF squadrons participated in the operations against the Italians. Hitler was infuriated that the British were now within striking distance to the vital Romanian oil fields of Ploieşti. The Germans postponed their attack on the USSR from 15 May 1941, to the 22 June in order to secure their south-eastern flank. Germany began preparing for Operation Marita, the invasion of Greece via Bulgaria.
At this point, Yugoslavia's refusal to join the Axis camp incurred Hitler's wrath. The Yugoslavian government under Regent Prince Paul had initially been in favour of joining Germany. But a "coup d'état" had toppled the government, deposed the Regent, and proclaimed the teenage Peter II as king. In response to this, Hitler ordered the invasion of Yugoslavia, "Operation Punishment" ("Strafgericht"). During the bombing of Belgrade, the center of the Yugoslavian capital was destroyed and 15,000 people killed and made homeless. The bombing started 6 April and continued for four days until 10 April.
The Luftwaffe provided invaluable air support during the rapidly victorious Balkans Campaign. It quickly established absolute air superiority, allowing the German Army to carry out the conquest of Yugoslavia and Greece within only three weeks (from 6–30 April 1941). Once again the "Stuka" came back into its own during these campaigns. Having suffered heavy losses during operations over Britain, the Luftwaffe command realised it was vulnerable against a well-organised and determined air defense. These components were lacking in the Yugoslavian Air Force, and as a result the Stuka was able to operate effectively without fear of opposition. The "Stukas" took a heavy toll of Yugoslav ground and naval forces, which including the destruction of most of its torpedo-boats and sinking the 1870-ton seaplane tender "Zmaj". During the very brief campaign in Yugoslavia, the Luftwaffe engaged the Yugoslavian Air Force's Do 17s and Bf 109s. The Yugoslavs had license built nearly 50 of the Do17, but most of these were destroyed or captured.
The offensive continued into Greece in which the Luftwaffe eliminated Greek and British opposition in the air, although many strong points on the ground such as Fort Istibei, and other parts of the Metaxas Line held out under relentless air assault for several days. The Battle of Crete remained to be fought. The Greek island was seized by airborne assault, but cost the Luftwaffe 370 aircraft destroyed or damaged, including 271 Junkers Ju 52 transports. General Kurt Student, the commander of the airborne forces commented, "Crete was the grave of the German paratroopers".
In May 1941, the Luftwaffe also committed "Flyer Command Iraq" ("Fliegerführer Irak") to support the rebels in the Anglo-Iraqi War. "Fliegerführer Irak" comprised one squadron ("staffel") of He 111s (4./KG 4), one "staffel" of "Zerstörer" (Bf 110s of 4./ZG 76), and 12 transports including a number of Junkers Ju 90s. The ten-day stint in the Middle East included two victories for future night fighter "Experte", Leutnant Martin Drewes. Allied air opposition was light and the Luftwaffe force concentrated mainly on ground support duties. By 26 May, despite cannibalising two machines damaged in an RAF raid on Mosul there was not a single serviceable Bf 110 left. The following day personnel were evacuated by Junkers Ju 90s following Allied gains.
In the 1943 Dodecanese Campaign, Luftwaffe units were instrumental in stopping the British Army from getting control of strategic islands like Leros and Kos. During the Battle of Leros they brought about one of the last German victories in World War II. The Luftwaffe remained in the Mediterranean theatre until the end of the war in May 1945. The most notable fighter unit in North Africa was Jagdgeschwader 27 that for nearly eighteen months (April 1941 - October 1942) was the only fighter unit in North Africa, although many other fighter units took part throughout the Mediterranean.
The strength of the Luftwaffe made all the difference during the North African Campaign. The Luftwaffe supported the Afrika Korps in the Western Desert and Tunisia. In addition to North Africa, the Germans joined the Italians in bombing Malta in 1941-42, but failed to eliminate British occupation of the island. The heroic resistance of the island was marked by the award of the George Cross medal to the island.
Luftwaffe in the east 1941-45.
Eastern Front: 1939 - 1941.
The preparation for Barbarossa commenced on 18 December 1940, when Adolf Hitler ordered Directive 21. The battle plan, Operation Barbarossa, envisaged three Army Groups, each a million men strong, undertaking a simultaneous offensive from occupied Poland and German-allied Romania and Finland. The central objectives were Leningrad, Minsk, Kiev, and Moscow. The original German goal was the rapid conquest of the European part of the Soviet Union to a line connecting the cities of Arkhangelsk and Astrakhan, often referred to as the A-A line, to the west of the Ural Mountains.
The purges of the 1930s affected all branches of the military including the Soviet Air Forces. The poor performance of VVS ("Voenno-Vozdushnye Sily") during the Winter War with Finland had increased the Luftwaffe's confidence that the Soviets could be mastered. The standard of flight training had been accelerated in preparation for a German attack that was expected to come in 1942 or later. As a result Russian pilot training was extremely poor.
The Russian war effort in the first phase of the Eastern front war was severely hampered by the obsolete aviation industry. In 1941 the MiG-3, LaGG-3 and Yak-1 were just starting to roll off the production lines but were inferior in all-round performance to the Bf 109. Many of these aircraft were delivered before Barbarossa, but Soviet tactical naïveté, ensured most of these were destroyed on the ground as Soviet airfields were full of aircraft parked in groups next to each other making them ideal targets.
The greatest German advantage lay in high standards of tactical deployment, training and experience. The first task of the Luftwaffe was the destruction of the Soviet Air force to establish control of the skies. To achieve this, four "Luftflotte" (1, 2, 4 and 5) were deployed with a strength of 4,389 aircraft, of which 2,598 were combat aircraft. In addition to this the German-Allied nations; Italy, Romania, Bulgaria and Hungary committed another 980 combat aircraft. Of the Luftwaffe contingent 929 were medium bombers. The Luftwaffe had fewer bombers than at the start of the Battle of Britain because of heavy losses the previous summer.
The attack on 22 June 1941 came as a complete surprise to the Russians. Unprepared, they lost enormous numbers of aircraft on the ground. Many of the Russian pilots had not been trained properly on the fighters they were allocated, making missions less effective. The situation was so one-sided that some Russian pilots resorted to ramming German aircraft if they could.
Johannes Steinhoff, an ace with 176 victories (152 on the Eastern Front) described the standard of Soviet pilots in combat:
In fighting the Soviets, we fought an apparatus, not a human being--that was the difference. There was no flexibility in their tactical orientation, no individual freedom of action, and in that way they were a little stupid. If we shot down the leader in a Soviet fighter group, the rest were simply sitting ducks, waiting to be taken out. 
The scale of the Luftwaffe's victory on the first day of operations was doubted by its commander-in-chief, Hermann Göring. The official report claimed 1,489 Soviet aircraft destroyed. Göring ordered this checked. After picking their way through the wreckages across the front, Luftwaffe officers found that the tally exceeded 2,000. The Luftwaffe's losses stood at 78 (24 Bf 109s, 23 Ju 88s, 11 He 111s, 7 Bf 110s, 2 Ju 87s, 1 Do17 and 10 transport and reconnaissance aircraft. Also lost were 12 aircraft from the Romanian Air Force.
In a desperate bid to stop the rapid German advance the Soviets sent huge waves of unescorted bombers to blunt the German Panzer divisions thrusts into Soviet territory. The result was appalling Soviet losses. Jagdgeschwader 77 shot down 47 VVS bombers on the 25 June. A particularly disastrous day for the Russians came on 29 June when Jagdgeschwader 51 shot down 65 bombers during the day. By the 18 July it had shot down 500 Soviet aircraft in combat.
The Germans were assured of air-superiority throughout the year. The VVS, although continually resisting, was powerless to prevent the Luftwaffe inflicting heavy losses to Soviet ground forces, and for the rest of 1941 the Luftwaffe could devote much of its energy to these ground support missions. In the following two days the Soviets reported the loss of another 1,922 aircraft. Three weeks into the campaign German pilot Werner Mölders scored his 100th aerial victory, the first pilot to do so.
The Luftwaffe was particularly effective in breaking up and destroying Soviet armored divisions. The Soviet tank force had an estimated strength of 15,000 tanks at the beginning of the invasion. By October that force had, in the central sector, been reduced to 150. Despite the clear victories being won and the rapid advances deep into Soviet territory, the Luftwaffe had lost nearly 1,000 aircraft destroyed within the first two months. It became apparent that the Luftwaffe could not sustain these losses for long. The increasing distances meant delivery of replacement manpower and machinery took much longer and spare parts to replace battle damaged aircraft became a problem. Despite this the Luftwaffe had reduced the Soviets to a mere 389 aircraft in the central sector of the front.
The Luftwaffe supported all three army groups in their push eastward and it helped the ground forces achieve a spectacular victory at Kiev in which an estimated 600,000 Red Army soldiers were killed or captured. The impact of the Luftwaffe during these months was critical to the pace of the advance. During the Battle of Kiev the Luftwaffe accounted for 2,171 Soviet vehicles and 23 Soviet tanks, and 107 Soviet aircraft destroyed between 12–21 September 1941, and inflicted heavy casualties to the Soviet ground troops. Soviet prisoners revealed that the Stuka attacks in particular devastated morale. On 15 September Heinkels of 3./Kampfgeschwader 55 destroyed eight locomotives in a single sortie. But the drive toward Moscow was halted during the two month campaign, giving the defenders of the Soviet capital time to prepare defenses and move an enormous amount of industry eastward.
During this month, Stuka pilot Hans-Ulrich Rudel sank the Soviet battleship "Marat", during an air attack on Kronstadt harbour in the Leningrad area, with a hit to the bow with a 1000 kg armour-piercing bomb. Several other Soviet ships were sunk in this engagement. The Soviet Navy suffered heavy losses at the hands of the Luftwaffe during the war.
By the end of 1941 the Luftwaffe had been reduced to just 30 - 40% of their original strength. The winter weather and the snow caused damage to aircraft, as engines seized and the oil and fuel froze inside the tanks. The Luftwaffe was losing as many aircraft damaged than in combat. The Luftwaffe also lost its "General der Jagdflieger" Werner Mölders, who was killed on 22 November in an accident, sapping morale even further.
The Wehrmacht was now pushing toward Moscow and the Luftwaffe delivered its first raids over the capital but caused little damage. The Russians however were reinforced with fresh forces from Siberia including significant numbers of the T-34 tanks and nearly 1,000 aircraft. The Russian counter-attack, despite Luftwaffe intervention, succeeded in pushing the Germans back in December, saving Moscow and cutting off large parts of Army Group Centre. Faced with annihilation of its forces in the central sector, the Luftwaffe was ordered to increase its efforts, and it managed to prevent the destruction of the central front forces. The "VVS" now had numerical superiority.
The failure of the Luftwaffe during "Barbarossa" was reflected in its losses, with 2,093 aircraft of all types being destroyed. Soviet losses stand at 21,200 destroyed, 10,000 in combat, of which 7,500 were shot down by the Luftwaffe fighters, who could now boast some of the top aces like Günther Lützow who had already surpassed the 100 victory mark; these scores were to increase over time. The successes of the German air arm were offset by the losses which unlike the Soviet Air Force could not be replaced easily as the German economy had not yet been put on a full war footing. Losses in personnel were also high and irreplaceable with 3,231 killed, 2,028 missing and 8,453 wounded.
The campaign in Russia had commenced with an insufficient number of combat aircraft. The reduction in serviceable aircraft, in particular dive-bombers, meant medium bomber and fighter-bomber units were rushing to 'hot-spots' to prevent enemy gains. Arguably the lack of a strategic bomber force denied the Luftwaffe the opportunity to attack Soviet industry and would prove fatal to the success of the campaign, as Soviet production continued to increase which would help them maintain high numbers of aircraft and gain numerical and then, briefly, air superiority in November/December 1941.
Eastern Front: 1942 - 1943.
The Wehrmacht's failure to achieve victory in the Soviet Union before 1941 was not a complete disaster for the German war effort as on all fronts the Germans still held the strategic initiative. The entry of the United States into the war, on the side of the Allies, in December 1941 however, would pit its enormous industrial power against Germany. Hitler had stated that he would avoid a war on two fronts and knew he needed to end the war on the Eastern Front before the Americans built up significant strength in Europe.
Hitler and the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW) had decided that the main offensive effort of the Wehrmacht should fall in the south, to capture or cut off the Caucasus oil fields from the rest of Russia, then move north out-flanking Moscow from the south. Conquering the Caucasus would also doom the considerable Soviet forces holding Sevastopol in the Crimea. The operation became known as Operation Fall Blau.
The Luftwaffe assisted with the capture of Sevastopol by subjecting Soviet defenses in and around the city to heavy assault, the bombings mainly carried out by "Luftflotte 4". The Luftwaffe had effectively dealt with Soviet opposition in the air, the "VVS" force of 300 had been destroyed leaving the Luftwaffe to operate unmolested, with air support the city fell on 4 July 1942. The Battle of Sevastopol had seen the Luftwaffe support the German Army extremely effectively. With the Eastern Front largely quiet in early 1942, the Luftwaffe was able to concentrate its forces, as it had done in previous campaigns. The Russians also lacked adequate air cover in the Crimea, allowing the Luftwaffe to avoid the time consuming task of achieving air superiority. During the summer offensive the Luftwaffe would find itself increasingly spread thin on the eastern front while contesting powerful numerical forces of the "VVS".
The Luftwaffe was also instrumental in the Second Battle of Kharkov destroying enemy airpower of 615 aircraft whilst destroying hundreds of tanks. The German air-arm had helped the Army achieve another spectacular victory.
As "Fall Blau" began the Luftwaffe wiped out the strong contingent of "VVS" forces and were instrumental in disrupting supply lines and destroying enemy troop and vehicle concentrations. By 19 November, 2,846 Soviet aircraft were destroyed. In an unwelcome turn of events for the Luftwaffe the Soviets started to operate large numbers of British lend-lease aircraft like the Hawker Hurricane. In the opening month the Luftwaffe lost 251 aircraft but the advance was in full swing and the Germans looked set to take the Kuban food producing region and the Baku oil fields.
Due to appalling losses Soviet resistance in the air was radically reduced in August. But even without the threat of enemy air attack the Wehrmacht's supply lines were long and difficult to maintain.
The Luftwaffe continued to pound the Soviet Navy's Black Sea Fleet and inflicted heavy losses to Soviet Shipping. From February - August the Germans had sunk 68 freighters, a flotilla leader, three destroyers and three submarines. Despite such successes and air support the advance had slowed to a "snail's pace" in the Kuban region, with its forces spread thin, the Luftwaffe was powerless to prevent Soviet aircraft inflicting considerable losses to the Army.
As the Battle of Stalingrad got underway the Luftwaffe was now operating often from poor airfields, which caused accidents and damaged aircraft, which the Luftwaffe could ill afford. As a result of the bombing of Stalingrad, which was largely destroyed, the Luftwaffe created ruins in which the Red Army could defend effectively.
The Luftwaffe had, by October 1942 flown over 20,000 individual sorties but its original strength (in the shape of "Luftflotte 4" with 1,600 aircraft) had fallen 40% to 950 aircraft. The bomber units had been hardest hit having only 232 out of a force of 480 left. The Luftwaffe still held air superiority but clearly its strength was being eroded. The Russian output of aircraft continued unabated—no matter how many enemy machines were destroyed, more appeared, while its own much smaller losses, particularly among the crews, were becoming serious.
The Luftwaffe's "Sturzkampfgeschwader" made maximum effort during this phase of the war flying 500 sorties per day and causing heavy losses among Soviet forces losing just an average of one Stuka per day.
On 19 November 1942 the Soviets launched Operation Uranus which cut off the entire German Sixth Army. Göring assured Hitler that the Luftwaffe could airlift in supplies to the surrounded Army. Hans Jeschonnek also convinced Hitler that if both bombers and transports were used and the airfields in and outside the pocket were maintained the operation was possible. The Luftwaffe tried to fulfill these grand promises, but failed to deliver the required tonnage and the German sixth Army surrendered on 2 February 1943. The Luftwaffe had managed to evacuate 30,000 wounded German soldiers, and supply the Army with 8,350.7 tons of food and ammunition. However some 488 aircraft, including 266 Junkers Ju 52 transports (one-third of the Luftwaffe's Eastern Front strength) and 165 Heinkel He 111s were lost. The Luftwaffe also suffered casualties of nearly 1,000 airmen, many highly experienced bomber pilots.
The Soviet losses in aircraft in 1942 had totalled 14,700, along with thousands of pilots.
The Battle at Stalingrad had turned the tide of the war in the east in favour of the Soviet Union.
Eastern Front: 1943.
Despite the disaster at Stalingrad the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht decided to launch another offensive in the summer of 1943 in which Hitler had hoped would cut off the large salient now protruding into the German front, eliminating the large Soviet Forces within it and turning the tide once more into the Wehrmacht's favour. This new operation was named "Operation Citadel", which became the Battle of Kursk.
To support the ground forces the Luftwaffe committed "I. Fliegerkorps" and "VIII. Fliegerkorps" under "Luftflotte 6" and "Luftflotte 4" (under the command of "Generalfeldmarschall" Robert Ritter von Greim and "Generalfeldmarschall" Wolfram Freiherr von Richthofen respectively. Some 2, 109 machines were allotted to the air fleets, 65 percent were operational.
On 5 July the Germans began the offensive. The Luftwaffe rendered more invaluable support to the Army despite the operations failure. By the 12 July "I. Fliegerkorps" flew 37,241 sorties dropping 20,000 tons of bombs destroying 1,735 Soviet aircraft, 1,100 tanks, 1,300 vehicles for the loss of 64 of its own. Its "Kampf" and "Jagdgruppen" flew between six and seven sorties per day over Kursk. Examination of Soviet archive records indicate the loss of 677 aircraft in the southern sector of the Kursk salient, for the period 5–31 July. On the Northern Sector Soviet losses were 439. The "Luftwaffe" "Generalquartiermiester" reported a loss of 687 machines with 420 totally destroyed, 220 of them on the northern sector. In the following month Soviet losses were to reach 1,104 for 12 July - 18 August.
Attritional air battle alarmingly depleted the Luftwaffe's strength, 911 aircraft were lost in July, while inflicting much heavier losses on the Soviet Air Forces, whose strength appeared to be undiminished. Despite this the Luftwaffe decisively intervened in the battle. The Soviet 11th Guards Army initiated an offensive aimed at cutting off the 2. "Panzerarmee" and German 9th Army. The Luftwaffe was called upon to rescue the situation in a huge aerial counter-offensive lasting from 16 July - 31 July against a Soviet offensive at Khotynets and saved two German armies from encirclement, reducing the attacking Soviet 11th Guards Army to just 33 tanks by 20 July. The Soviet offensive had been completely halted from the air Model sent a message to von Greim thanking him, "the "Luftwaffe's " intervention was absolutely decisive to prevent a second, more disastrous Stalingrad".
By October 1943 with the Soviet forces pushing the Wehrmacht back toward the Dnieper, the Luftwaffe had some 1,150 of its aircraft, 60 percent of its eastern front strength concentrated around Kiev. By December the Luftwaffe had just 425 operational fighters alone on the eastern front. Despite its efforts the seeming endless numbers of the Soviets, both on the ground and in the air had rebuffed the Wehrmacht's last significant offensive on the Soviet-German front.
The Battle of the Atlantic.
Following some early experience in support of the war at sea during the Norwegian Campaign, the Luftwaffe contributed small amounts of forces to the Battle of the Atlantic from 1940 to 1944. These were primarily long-range reconnaissance planes, first with Focke-Wulf Fw 200 and later Junkers Ju 290 maritime patrol aircraft. The initial Focke-Wulf aircraft were very successful, claiming 365,000 tons of shipping in early 1941. The development of escort carriers and increased efforts by RAF Coastal Command soon made the task more dangerous and less rewarding for the Lufftwaffe though.
The defeats on the Eastern Front, in North Africa and the ever increasing raids of British bombers of the "Reich" ensured that the Luftwaffe's naval arm, the "Fliegerfuhrer Atlantik" was denied the necessary resources to combat Allied air and naval superiority over the Atlantic. By the end of 1943 a "Gruppe" of He 177s, that had been committed, lost 17 of their number to air opposition.
These units had trained with radio controlled anti-shipping bombs, and this loss of fully trained crews prompted a switch to night fighting with even fewer successes.
The Luftwaffe also contributed fighter cover for U-boats venturing out into and returning from the Atlantic, and for returning blockade runners.
Development of night fighting.
Although night fighting had been undertaken in embryonic form way back in World War I, the German night fighter force, the "Nachtjagd", had to virtually start from scratch when British bombers began to attack targets in Germany in strength from 1940 as far as tactics were concerned. A chain of radar stations was established all across the Reich territory from Norway to the border with Switzerland known as the "Kammhuber Line", named for "Generalleutnant" Josef Kammhuber, and nearby night fighter wings, "Nachtjagdgeschwader" (NJG), were alerted to the presence of the enemy. These wings were equipped mostly with Messerschmitt Bf 110 and Junkers Ju 88 aircraft, which would later be outfitted with the Lichtenstein nose-mounted radar.
The Messerschmitt Bf 110 was the most successful night fighter that served in the Luftwaffe. Among the most notable night fighter aces were Helmut Lent, who shot down 110 enemy aircraft and Heinz-Wolfgang Schnaufer, who shot down 121 enemy aircraft. Lent mostly flew in the Bf 110 (and variants of the Ju 88), while Schnaufer flew the Bf 110 exclusively. The Bf 110's main strength was its ability to carry heavy armament in its nose section. The later G series was fitted with 20 mm MG FF/M cannons and sometimes with two 30 mm MK 108 cannons. Starting in Mid'1944 the Bf 110 G-4 night fighters entered serial production with two MG FF/M as the "Schräge Musik" 'off-bore gun' (upward firing) system for attacking Allied bombers from underneath with several units field modifying their Bf 110 with this system some time earlier. The "Schräge Musik" cannons were typically mounted in the rearmost glazed area of the cockpit in the Bf 110 or in the fuselage behind the cockpit on other machines. Several Dornier Do 217, Junkers Ju 88 and Heinkel He 219 carried similar installations. To compound the British night bomber problems the Avro Lancaster, Handley Page Halifax and Short Stirling did not carry ventral ball turrets under their fuselage, making them vulnerable to this kind of attack.
During the 1942-43 timeframe, the formerly all-black night fighter camouflage used by Luftwaffe night fighters had yielded to a light-color camouflage scheme that took advantage of the skyglow over German cities at night — this generally comprised the use of the Luftwaffe's usual "Hellblau" light blue undersurface color for diurnal-flown aircraft, and a light gray base coat over the upper surfaces to match the skyglow over the German cities they were tasked with defending. The light gray base color usually had irregular patterns of darker gray splotches or irregular wavy lines spread over the light gray areas to increase the camouflage effect. Later in WW II, Luftwaffe night fighters, like some of the "Kampfgeschwader"-flown He 177A heavy bombers being used at night, switched back to a black coloration for the undersurfaces and vertical sides of the airframe, while retaining the light gray with dark gray-color disruptive patterns established in the mid-war period. 
During mid-1943, a Luftwaffe bomber pilot, Major Hajo Herrmann devised a new plan for night attacks. Bombers were silhouetted over the target areas from the fires below and searchlights, which would make them vulnerable to attack from above. Three "Jagdgeschwader", (JG 300, JG 301 and JG 302) were tasked with these operations codenamed as Wilde Sau attacks. The units were equipped with Bf 109 G-6/N and Fw 190 A-5/U2, both aircraft versions were modified for night use and some of them were fitted with a Naxos passive radar detector. The FuG 350 Naxos-Z detector set could track enemy H2S radar transmissions from a range of thirty miles, which enable the German fighters to "home in" on British Bombers. Herrmann's tactics were reasonably successful, but the "30 Jagddivision" only saw action until it was disbanded in March 1944.
In early 1944, to counter the Luftwaffe's "NachtJagdgeschwader", the British operated Mosquito night fighters in the bomber support role, with RAF Bomber Commands 100 Group. These units were tasked with harassing the German night fighter airfields, and disrupting their operations and attacking them when they were most vulnerable, during take off and landing.
Defense of the Reich, 1942-45.
The Luftwaffe on top.
Between 1942 and 1945 the Luftwaffe had to continually expend its resources to counter the Allied strategic bombing campaign against targets deep inside Germany itself. RAF Bomber Command under Sir Arthur Harris had begun bombing German targets in early 1942, but after heavy losses switched to night bombing. The U.S. Army Air Forces (USAAF)'s Eighth Air Force eventually joined in the autumn of 1942 flying daylight missions. This campaign became known as The Defense of the Reich.
In 1941 the Focke Wulf Fw 190 fighter began to partially replace the Bf 109 as the main "Luftwaffe" fighter type. The Fw 190 proved to be more manoeuvrable and better armed, but its performance above dropped considerably. The Bf 109G and K could fight well at high altitudes and were a match for Allied fighters in performance. It was decided by the Oberkommando der Luftwaffe to keep both the Fw 190 and Bf 109 in production. The FW 190s were to be used primarily as bomber destroyers while the Bf 109, the superior of the two at high altitude, would engage any escorting fighters.
In total more than 11,000 heavy bombers of the RAF and USAAF were lost in the European theatre of operations between 1942-45. One of the most disastrous RAF raids occurring on (October 30–31, 1943) when the RAF bombed the Bavarian city of Nuremberg, losing 96 bombers over Germany, and a further number on return to base.
Unlike the Germans, prior to the war the RAF and the USAAF (under the command of General Henry H. Arnold), developed strategic bomber forces. From 1942 onwards their bombers penetrated deep into Reich's territory in increasing numbers. This forced the Luftwaffe to substantially increase the fighter allocation to the Western Front in 1943, which in the Allied intelligence estimate, accounted for 60% of the total, with the Russian Front allocated 22% and the Mediterranean Front 18% of its fighters.
The British had tried to convince the Americans that daylight bombing could not be accomplished as Allied fighters lacked the range to escort bombers to and from the target. Initially the British were to be proved right, as by the end of 1943 losses nearly halted daylight raids. The USAAF maintained an unescorted daylight bombing campaign of industrial targets until October 1943, when it lost 120 bombers in two raids on Regensburg and Schweinfurt.
On 14 October 1943, a mission to Schweinfurt cost the Americans 60 B-17s destroyed in just over three hours of continuous attacks. The target of these attacks, the ball bearing plants were dispersed before the Americans returned to Schweinfurt. Albert Speer, Hitler's armament minister, said that no weapon failed to reach the front due to a lack of ball bearings.
The Luftwaffe's victory in October 1943 was obvious to the Americans, General of the Air Force Henry H. Arnold said, "the largest and most savage fighter resistance of any war in history". In the second week of that month four full strength missions to Bremen, Marienburg, Münster and Schweinfurt had cost the Eighth Air Force 148 heavy bombers, fifty percent of its daily operational strength.
The Americans then had to direct their attacks against targets within the range of fighter cover for the bombers. The RAF, having learned this lesson, were now executing their offensive by conducting night bombing operations on an increasingly large scale, with 1,000 bomber raids being assembled from 1942. Deep-penetration raids into Germany would be suspended until long range escorting fighters became available. The P-38 with 568 litre drop tanks were rushed back to operations over Europe after a year's absence to contend with the Jagdwaffe. Until the turn of the year the Luftwaffe would maintain air superiority over its homeland.
The turn of the tide.
Until the development of Allied long-range fighters the Luftwaffe remained capable of inflicting serious losses by the day fighter and night fighter units ("Nachtgeschwader"), as well as the anti-aircraft guns under its command. The Luftwaffe employed twin-engined Ju 88 and Bf 110 "Zerstörer", or bomber destroyer units to attack American formation with rockets and heavy cannon with considerable success. However with the arrival of the long range P-51D these units suffered heavy losses.
The disastrous Me 210, designed to replace the Bf 110, encountered design difficulties and was replaced with the Me 410 "Hornisse", which was a development of the Me 210. The Me 410s were extremely vulnerable in hostile skies, and by 1944 were nothing more than cannon fodder for marauding Allied "day" fighters.
The turn in the Luftwaffe's fortunes came during Big Week in which the U.S. Eighth Air Force flying from bases in Britain, and Fifteenth Air Force flying from bases in Southern Italy, carried out raids against German aviation industry throughout Europe.
Together they dropped roughly 10,000 tons of bombs and seriously disrupted German fighter production. During Big Week, the Eighth Air Force lost 97 B-17s. Coupled with B-24 losses the figure totaled 137 initially and 20 more scrapped due to damage. The Fifteenth Air Force lost 90 aircraft and American fighter losses stood at 28. The Luftwaffe losses were high amongst their twin-engined "Zerstörer" units which suffered heavy losses and decimated the Bf 110 and Me 410 "Gruppen". More worrying for the Jagdwaffe was the loss of 17 per-cent of its pilots; nearly 100 were killed. The tide had turned, and air superiority had passed to the Western Allies.
When long-range fighter support became widely available by May 1944, the "Luftwaffe"'s defensive effort was severely damaged. The P-51D Mustangs and P-47 Thunderbolts with extended range were now able to escort the bombers to and from the target. The Luftwaffe now did not have opportunity to attack the unprotected fleets. The resulting air battles diminished the strength of the "Jagdwaffe".
U.S. and RAF fighters undertook many fighter sweeps, and the boundaries of the front line steadily moved eastward. They engaged many Luftwaffe training aircraft, and the helpless "Jagdflieger" of tomorrow were shot down in droves. Pilot training had become shorter in order to fill the front line "Gruppen", which often had more aircraft than pilots. German aircraft production reached its peak in August 1944, finally equaling the Soviet and American output, but the production came too late to alter the outcome of the air war. The Luftwaffe had plenty of aircraft but a critical shortage of experienced fighter pilots.
The Allied air campaign was not successful in knocking Germany out of the war by itself, but it contributed significantly to the German defeat, by forcing the Germans to focus valuable resources on the battle over Germany, which were then missed on other fronts. Albert Speer said that if the 1944 campaign against the Romanian oil fields had been continued for another month, the entire Wehrmacht would have been crippled. According to Speer, 98% of Germany's aircraft fuel plants were out of production. The production of aviation fuel fell from 180,000 tons to 20,000 tons between March and November 1944.
To increase the "Jagdwaffe"'s woes the American fighters were now flying shuttle missions and landing at bases in the Soviet Union. This tactic enabled them to extend their already considerable combat time over the target area. American enthusiasm for these missions ended when the Russians failed to defend these aircraft from Luftwaffe attacks. One such raid in March 1944 destroyed 43 B-17s and 15 P-51 fighters on the ground.
Strafing Luftwaffe airbases became common place as 1944 wore on, until nowhere in Europe could the "Jagdwaffe" remain outside of Allied range. If the fuel crisis was bad enough the casualties suffered by the now largely defunct "Kampfgruppen" were starting to become serious. Most bomber units were now ferrying and transporting personnel across Germany. In April/May 1944 the Luftwaffe lost 67 aircraft of this type, as far east as Dresden.
Many Allied fighter gun cameras often revealed that aircraft which had been claimed destroyed as '109's were often Arado Ar 96 trainers with a cadet pilot at the controls. To counter this non-combat flights were only to carried out at dawn and dusk. The Luftwaffe expanded aircraft warning systems and devised radio signals to warn flights of intruders. If attacked, poorly armed aircraft were to dive down to tree-top level, and if necessary, the pilot was to belly land and take cover, as pilots were far more important than aircraft.
The Germans also used camouflage, smoke screens and resorted to burying vital communications and electrical cables serving their radar and command stations. Ammunition was stored in tunnels along with precious fuel supplies. Allied pilots also noted that the Germans covered the airfields with 20 mm quadruple and 37 mm flak guns capable of putting up withering sheets of fire in the path of low flying fighters. As a result of these measures Allied fighter losses increased.
The introduction of the B-17G with its remote controlled 'chin' turret forced a change of tactic on the "Jagdwaffe". Throughout 1943 head-on attacks had proved successful against American heavy bombers. Many Luftwaffe units now upgraded the firepower of their fighters. Some Fw 190 fighters carried MK 108 30 mm cannon that could destroy most heavy bombers with two or three hits. The later variants of the Messerschmitt Bf 109 (from the" Gustav" onwards) were also capable of carrying heavier armament like the MK 108, although only a single barrel firing through the propeller shaft as an engine-mounted "Motorkanone".
By September 1944 the Soviets were advancing into Romania and the oilfields were lost. From this time, the Luftwaffe experienced chronic shortages of fuel. Many German interceptors returning from missions switched off their engines on touching down to avoid wasting fuel. Ground crews then quickly got them under cover. By this time fighter pilot losses were becoming unbearable, and the "Jagdwaffe" was nearing breaking point.
The end in the West 1944 - 45.
Between January and May 1944 the Luftwaffe undertook Operation Steinbock, the so-called Baby Blitz, assembling 474 bombers for a campaign against London. "Steinbock" was called off when V-1 rockets became available for the retribution attacks and after the loss of 329 bombers. The lack of night flying experience of the crew contributed to the losses. The bomber force, under the command of Oberst Dietrich Peltz, now had only 143 bombers available for the Normandy invasion.
By 1944 the Luftwaffe was no longer in a position to offer serious opposition to Operation Overlord, the Allied invasion of France on 6 June 1944. Only a handful of Luftwaffe operations were launched against the beachheads. The most well known was the action to occur over the beaches was a strafing run conducted by the Fw 190 ace Josef Priller and his wingman. Emil Lang scored 29 victories against the Western Allies, all but one over the Normandy invasion front, making him the highest-scoring German ace of the campaign.
During Operation Market Garden, the Allied attempt to end the war in 1944 by forcing a route through the Netherlands and into the Ruhr region of Germany, Luftwaffe fighter forces managed to inflict significant losses on Allied planes transporting paratroopers and supplies into battle, but their own losses were serious. The "Jagddivision"'s operational in the area claimed 209 Allied aircraft destroyed, including only 35 transport aircraft. In return the Luftwaffe lost 192 fighters. The Allied operation failed, and the Luftwaffe survived into the following year.
During the Battle of the Bulge, the Luftwaffe undertook night bombing attacks against Bastogne. A paradrop and aerial re-supply of German spearheads failed completely. On 1 January 1945 the Luftwaffe undertook a final attack operation known as Operation Baseplate ("Unternehmen Bodenplatte") against Allied airfields in the Netherlands and Belgium in a bid to establish air superiority and eliminate air attacks on the German forces in the Ardennes area.
Adolf Galland, who had replaced Werner Mölders as "General der Jagdflieger" protested as he had been carefully conserving the Luftwaffe's fighter strength for his 'Great Blow' against Allied Bombers in which over 800 fighters would be sent in massive attacks to cause devastating losses to Allied bombers, which he hoped would persuade the Allies to cease the bombing over Germany for a time. He along with others such as Johannes Steinhoff tried to persuade Hitler to remove Reichsmarschall Göring from command of the Luftwaffe, leading to the Fighter Pilots Revolt. They were dismissed and sent back to their front line units.
Correctly believing that a 1 January attack would catch the Allied airforces napping, the Luftwaffe destroyed many Allied aircraft on the ground but in return suffered crippling losses. The Germans lost 271 Bf 109 and Fw 190s destroyed or captured, and a further 65 damaged as well as 9 Ju 88's destroyed and a further 4 damaged. Pilot losses stood at 143 pilots killed, 70 as prisoners of war, and 21 wounded. The losses represented 25% of the attacking force. An estimated 3 Kommodore, 5 Kommandeure and 14 Staffelkapitäne were lost.
The operation had been so secret that the Luftwaffe failed to notify its front line anti-aircraft units resulting in many losses due to friendly fire. Of the remaining Luftwaffe pilots few had more than ten missions to their credit. The loss of twenty-two unit commanders were devastating, such men at this point were irreplaceable. The loss of such outstanding pilots caused a drop in morale and the loss of the guidance they gave to younger pilots.
In return for the crippling losses, it was first thought the Luftwaffe destroyed 232 Allied aircraft and damaged 156. Examination of Allied records shows that the figures were nearer 305 destroyed and 190 damaged. However as the vast majority of these planes were destroyed on the ground, allied pilot losses were very light and the planes could be quickly replaced by the allies. The operation was a disaster for the "Jagdwaffe". The Luftwaffe turned its attention to a revolutionary jet fighter in the Messerschmitt Me 262 "Stormbird" or "Schwalbe" (Swallow). While this aircraft could outrun any Allied aircraft, and had armament that could effectively destroy Allied bombers with a single 'burst' of fire, it was not produced in sufficient numbers to change the air war.
The Luftwaffe continued to resist the Allied air assault over Germany proper, which had by March 1945, become the front line itself. In several missions during March the American bomber fleets reported attacks from large groups of German piston-engined and jet aircraft, sometimes numbering up to 150. The fuel shortages were now responsible for grounding the "Jagdwaffe". Priority was given to jet units now operating the Messerschmitt Me 163 and Me 262.
Adolf Galland, formerly "General der Jagdflieger" and now in disgrace after the Fighter Pilots Revolt, formed Jagdverband 44 (JV 44). This unit was a special fighter force consisting of some of the top German fighter aces in the Luftwaffe which would fly the Messerschmitt Me 262 jet fighter.
The unit was established in February 1945 . The flying personnel of the squadron were made up almost exclusively of high scoring aces, or "Experten". The unit's top five aces alone had more than 1,000 victories. JV 44 defended southern Germany and Austria from aerial attack.
Because of the greater length of runway it required, and the slow acceleration it had at low speeds, the Me 262 was especially vulnerable during take-off and landing. The unit constructed a Protection Squadron ("Platzschutzstaffel") headed by Lieutenant Heinz Sachsenberg to provide air cover for takeoffs and landings. This unit flew the long-nosed 'Dora', Fw 190 D, variant of the well-known Fw 190. These aircraft were painted bright red on their underbelly with contrasting white stripes so anti-aircraft batteries could distinguish them from Allied aircraft. The unit continued operations until the end of the war, Galland himself was wounded, after destroying a solitary B-26, when he was shot down by a P-47 Thunderbolt.
By April, the German front in the west had disintegrated and in the east the Red Army had encircled Berlin. The Germans turned to desperate solutions like the Leonidas Squadron. The last battles fought in the skies over Germany were now insignificant. All but overrun, the mass surrender of German military personnel began.
All that remained of the Luftwaffe were scattered wrecks over airfields that were virtually aircraft 'graveyards'. Many examples of the revolutionary aircraft that the Luftwaffe hoped would turn the tide fell into Allied hands, examples like the Me 262 and Heinkel He 162 greatly impressed the Allies.

</doc>
<doc id="21441850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441850" title="Automóvil Club Argentino">
Automóvil Club Argentino

The ACA "(Automóvil Club Argentino)" is Argentina's largest automobile association.
It was founded on June 11, 1904, by Dalmiro Varela Castex, who in 1892 had imported the country's first registered automobile, a Daimler, and in 1894 its second (a De Dion-Bouton). The ACA oversaw the first recorded Argentine auto racing event, in 1906, and became a member of the International Automotive Federation in 1926. It began to develop of national network of service stations following a 1936 agreement with the state oil concern, YPF. Offering its membership cartographic, roadside assistance, insurance and other services, the ACA was inducted into the International Tourism Alliance in 1952.
Its national headquarters, designed in the Rationalist style by local architect Antonio U. Vilar and collaborators Alejandro Bustillo, was completed in 1942 on Buenos Aires' Avenida del Libertador. The building and its automobile museum are Palermo neighborhood landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="21441859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441859" title="El Aïn">
El Aïn

El Aïn () is a town located in the Sfax Governorate, 7 kilometers north of Sfax, Tunisia. Its population in 2004 was 38,250.

</doc>
<doc id="21441861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441861" title="72826">
72826

72826 is a demo tape by American rock band Tool. It was released in 1991 in very limited quantities of 1500. Originally passed out at gigs and for sale through snail mail for a fee of $5.
Most people think Tool pressed these however they were made in New Jersey by a company called Richman Brothers.
It is also referred to by the name "Toolshed", or "Tool".
There has been some speculations made about the name, some noting that '72826' spells 'Satan' on a telephone keypad.In fact when this demo cassette was made, Tool did not have '72826' in mind . Only when they hired Richman Brothers they were told they needed a label # for warehousing purposes. Maynard James Keenan had the idea to use '72826' because he knew it spelled 'SATAN' on a telephone keypad.
Album information.
72826 was recorded between August 28th and September 5th 1991 in Tool's rehearsal room by band friend and former Minor Threat bassist Steve Hansgen on his Fostex 280 4-track and the band's DAT recorder. Further recording and mixing was done at Steve's home studio in North Hollywood, CA. 
72826 features early versions of songs that reappeared in their later releases: "Cold and Ugly", "Hush", "Part of Me" and "Jerk-Off" on Opiate, and "Crawl Away" and "Sober" on Undertow. Also recorded at this session was an early version of the song Maynard's Dick which is the only song recorded in standard tune, and was later re-recorded and included on the band's archival release Salival.
Track listing.
All of the tracks were written and composed by Tool.
"72826" features six tracks. Two of them, "Cold and Ugly" and "Jerk-Off", were never released as studio recordings outside this demo. Instead, they were re-recorded live at the Jello Loft on New Year's Eve 1991. The live recordings were featured on the band's next EP, "Opiate".

</doc>
<doc id="21441868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441868" title="Kasper Idland">
Kasper Idland

Kasper Idland MM, (21 June 1918 – 25 May 1968) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II.
Early life and education.
He was born in Figgjo, the second child of Karsten og Gudrun Berg Idland, and had seven siblings. He graduated as an army sergeant in 1937, after 3½ years at "Hærens underoffisersskole" at Gimlemoen, Kristiansand. He then attended the school for postal officers, later working at the Post Office in Stavanger.
World War II.
As Norway was invaded by Germany, Idland joined the Norwegian military forces at Sviland on 9 and 10 April 1940, and participated in the battles at Dirdal. He was held as a prisoner of war by the Germans at Madla, but was later released.
Kompani Linge.
In September 1941 Idland travelled by boat from Egersund to Peterhead in Scotland, and was soon enrolled into the Norwegian Independent Company 1 (). He participated in the Commando raid Operation Anklet to Reine and Moskenes in December 1941.
Heavy water sabotage.
Idland was noted for his role in the Norwegian heavy water sabotage in 1943. As a member of the "Gunnerside" team he was parachuted onto the Hardangervidda plateau on 16 February 1943. He was one of the four saboteurs who entered the Vemork facility right after midnight 27/28 February, where the team leader Joachim Rønneberg placed explosives on the heavy water cylinders. After the mission at Vemork he escaped by ski to Sweden, together with four other members of the group.
Vestige 4.
From 1944 to 1945 Idland was active in Egersund, as a member of the resistance group "Vestige 4". The primary aim of the Vestige operations was shipping sabotage, but the Vestige 4 group never carried out ship sabotage. As a member of this group he participated in burning down the AT camp in Bjerkreim in January 1945.
Varg.
From March 1945 Idland was working to establish the base area "Varg" in the Setesdal area. Idland was leading one of the Varg resistance groups, located at the mountain cabin "Langelona". The group received supplies (weapons, ammunition and food) from parachuted containers delivered from allied aircraft. The Langelona group was still small when the war ended in May 1945.
Post war.
Idland lived in Stavanger until 1955, when he moved to the United States and settled in Huntington, New York.
A memorial of Idland was unveiled in his home village Figgjo in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21441890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441890" title="Willie Walters">
Willie Walters

William John Walters (31 July 1907 – 15 July 1994) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Wakkerstroom and died in Scottburgh.
In 1932 he finished fourth the 400 metres event and sixth in the 200 metres competition.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 440 yards event and the bronze medal in the 200 yards. With the South African relay team he won the bronze medal in the 4×110 yards contest as well as in the 4×440 yards event.

</doc>
<doc id="21441891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441891" title="Nelson Rivera">
Nelson Rivera

Nelson Ismael Rivera Tobías (June 24, 1991 – October 3, 2010) was a Salvadoran footballer who last played as a defender for Isidro Metapan until his death.
Club career.
Rivera started his career at Third Division outfit Turín-FESA and moved one level up when signed by Salvadoran second division side Titán in 2009. He then joined Salvadoran Premier Division team Isidro Metapan before the start of the 2010 Apertura.
Death.
On the night of September 18, 2010, Rivera was shot in the head after unknown gunmen attacked the car he was traveling in. According to sources, Rivera was traveling with teammates Andrés Flores and Kevin Santamaria when they came under gunfire. The incident took place in El Congo, shortly after they had played a league match against UES.
A series of operations to try to remove the bullet were made, but Rivera died in an intensive care unit on the night of October 3, 2010.
In the morning of October 16, 2010, the alleged killers were caught and will be charged for aggravated homicide. The Attorney General's Office confirmed through a press release from late Friday 15th and early Saturday was the capture of Victor Manuel Colorado and Daniel Sanchez both involved in the death of the young footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21441902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441902" title="Tim Godwin">
Tim Godwin

Timothy John "Tim" Godwin, OBE, QPM is a senior British police officer, and former Deputy Commissioner of London's Metropolitan Police Service, having served from July 2009 until November 2011. He held the post of Acting Commissioner, following the resignation of the Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson in July 2011 and remained in post until his replacement, Bernard Hogan-Howe, was formally appointed on 12 September 2011.
Godwin had previously been Acting Deputy Commissioner from December 2008 following the promotion of the previous incumbent, Sir Paul Stephenson, to Commissioner; he was substantively appointed Deputy Commissioner in July 2009. He also briefly held the top job as Acting Commissioner in December 2010 when the then Commissioner, Sir Paul Stephenson, took a leave of absence to undergo surgery to remove a tumour.
On 8 November 2011, Godwin announced that after 30 years in the police service he is to retire and take a role in the private sector.
Education and Merchant Navy career.
Godwin was educated at Haywards Heath Grammar School (now Central Sussex College). He left school at 16 and went to Warsash College of Nautical Studies (which later merged to form Southampton Solent University) before joining the Merchant Navy as a deck officer. He served six years, achieving the rank of Second Officer.
Early police career.
Leaving the Merchant Navy, he joined Sussex Police in 1981, and had been promoted to Superintendent by 1992. As a Superintendent and Chief Superintendent he was Head of Personnel and later Divisional Commander of a large Operational Command Unit, which included Crawley. In 1996, he was appointed Force Crime Manager for Sussex, which made him responsible for force-level intelligence, crime and drugs operations, scientific support and major crime investigations. He took the Strategic Command Course at the Police Staff College, Bramshill in 1999. He also received a BA (Hons) degree in Public Sector Police Studies from the University of Portsmouth and a Diploma in Applied Criminology from the University of Cambridge, where he studied at Fitzwilliam College.
Metropolitan Police.
He was appointed Commander in the Metropolitan Police in November 1999 and served as Commander (Crime) for South London, South East Territorial Commander, and then Commander Crime for Territorial Policing. He was promoted to Deputy Assistant Commissioner in Territorial Policing in 2001, then to Assistant Commissioner a year later, making him responsible for everyday policing. During his time in Territorial Policing, he introduced a revitalised forensic strategy, instigated and led the Safer Streets Initiative (which saw robbery reduce by 30 per cent in three years), and through Operation Sapphire he oversaw a complete overhaul of the Metropolitan Police's approach to the investigation of serious sexual assault. This included the introduction of a number of "havens" in London, in partnership with the National Health Service, where rape victims can receive immediate medical and psychological support in a non-police environment. Godwin led the National Reassurance Policing Programme with Denis O'Connor. He was also responsible for the implementation of the Safer Neighbourhoods Programme, delivering dedicated teams of officers to wards throughout London.
He is the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) lead on Criminal Justice, tasked with reducing bureaucracy in the preparation of cases and improving integration and working practices with the Crown Prosecution Service, and also the ACPO lead on Mobile Phone Crime, a role he first performed as Assistant Commissioner. He chairs the London Criminal Justice Board.
Following the promotion of Sir Paul Stephenson to Commissioner, Godwin served as Acting Deputy Commissioner from January 2009 until he was sworn in on 16 July 2009. He then spent a brief period as Britain's most senior police officer as Acting Commissioner from July 2011 until the post was permanently filled by Bernard Hogan-Howe, a former Chief Constable of Merseyside Police in September 2011.
Honours and awards.
He received the Royal Humane Society Testimonial in 1991 for rescuing a man from a high bridge over a railway line, was awarded the runner up prize for Equal Opportunities Achievement in the Police Service by the Home Secretary in 1996, and in 1998 received the National Prize for Public Management Leadership from the Office for Public Management.
Godwin was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2003 New Year Honours. He was awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM) for services to policing in The Queen's 2009 New Year Honours' List.

</doc>
<doc id="21441906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441906" title="Filmverlag der Autoren">
Filmverlag der Autoren

Filmverlag der Autoren is a German film distributor originally founded in 1971 to help finance and distribute independent films by German "Autorenfilm" directors, that is directors who are renowned for predominantly adapting their own screenplays. Many directors of the "New German Cinema" movement were associated with it such as Werner Herzog, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Wim Wenders, and Alexander Kluge; whose films were produced and distributed by the "Filmverlag" and many of whom were members of the "Filmverlag"'s board.
History.
1970s.
Efforts to found the "Filmverlag" had resulted from recurring frustrations the directors had faced in acquiring funding for their politically and aesthetically ambitious films. They had felt that in the established system which was partly commercially-oriented, partly stately-funded, the usual means of achieving funding were too limiting, gave them little control over their own work, or just did not allow for issues as challenging as they were having in mind to tackle, so they started the "Filmverlag" as an independent association to have complete control over their projects, from funding through to pre-production, production, post-production, and distribution. The model which the founders of the "Filmverlag" were styling their association after was the "Verlag der Autoren" in Frankfurt, an independent association of stage writers publishing their own works. The first film produced by "Filmverlag der Autoren" was "Furchtlose Flieger" by Veith von Fürstenberg and Martin Müller.
Throughout the 1970s, the films put out by the "Filmverlag" had a high reputation among critics and intellectuals, but the association often bordered bankruptcy. Notable productions of this era included Herzog's "Aguirre, the Wrath of God" (1972), "The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser" (1974), Wenders's "The Goalkeeper's Fear of the Penalty" (1972), "Alice in the Cities" (1974), "Kings of the Road" (1976), "The American Friend" (1977), Fassbinder's "The Merchant of Four Seasons" (1971), "The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant" (1972), "" (1974), "Fox and His Friends" (1974), Kluge's "In Gefahr und größter Not bringt der Mittelweg den Tod" (1974), and the collaborative work "Germany in Autumn" (1977/'78) about German society's reaction to the terrorism of the Red Army Faction and the state's counter-measures during the German Autumn events of 1977.
Augstein era.
The "Filmverlag"'s orientation shifted towards a more mainstream program throughout the 1980s after "Der Spiegel"-publisher Rudolf Augstein with the help of Bohm had bought himself into the venture in 1977, an event which prompted many of its founding members to leave and start their own production and distribution companies, such as "Pro-ject Filmproduktion" (started for Kluge's documentary "Der Kandidat" on Franz-Josef Strauß's 1980 campaign running for German chancellor) and Theo Hinz's "Futura-Film" (founded in 1983).
While the "Filmverlag" during Augstein's era scored impressive commercial successes such as "Theo gegen den Rest der Welt" (1980, starring Marius Müller-Westernhagen) and "Men…" (1985), it also began German distribution of less ambitious films such as "The Terminator" (1984) and "Up the creek" (1984), and in the eyes of many of its founders its original political and intellectual credibility suffered.
After Augstein.
In 1986, Augstein sold his interests in the "Filmverlag" to "Futura-Film". In 1989, "Futura-Film" founded the subsidiary distributor "Felix-Film" with an emphasis upon films from the Soviet Union.
In 1999, all home video distribution rights to the "Filmverlag"'s films and all rights to its label were acquired by "Arthaus", a subsidiary of "Kinowelt AG". In the following years, "Arthaus" published many of the "Filmverlag" films for the first time on VHS and DVD, and in 2009, "Arthaus" published all "Filmverlag" films in a large, 50-disc DVD box, half of which had not been published on home video before.
Since the re-organization of "Kinowelt" in 2003, the original "Filmverlag" is officially known today as "Filmverlag der Autoren und Futura Film GmbH & Co. Verleih Vertriebsgesellschaft KG". It has three subsidiaries:
Founding members.
On April 18, 1971 in Munich, thirteen filmmakers signed the founding papers of "Filmverlag der Autoren". They are:
Documentary.
In 2008, Dominik Wessely and Laurens Straub published the 120-minute documentary "Gegenschuß - Aufbruch der Filmemacher" ("Countershot: Dawn of the filmmakers") on the "Filmverlag".

</doc>
<doc id="21441915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441915" title="2010 Caribbean Series">
2010 Caribbean Series

The LII edition of the Caribbean Series ("Serie del Caribe") was played in . It was held from February 2 through February 7 with the champions teams from Dominican Republic (Leones del Escogido), Mexico (Naranjeros de Hermosillo), Puerto Rico (Indios de Mayagüez) and Venezuela (Leones del Caracas). The format consisted of 12 games, in a "double round-robin" format with each team facing each other twice. The games were played at Estadio Nueva Esparta in Porlamar, Margarita Island, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="21441922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441922" title="Coast Guard Station Boston">
Coast Guard Station Boston

United States Coast Guard Base Boston is located in the North End, Boston, Massachusetts. It is home to a number of cutters, including the USCGC Escanaba (WMEC-907), USCGC Spencer (WMEC-905), USCGC Flying Fish, USCGC Pendant, and USCGC Seneca (WMEC-906), along with other small fleet units. It was re-opened in 2003 after being closed in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21441935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441935" title="R. A. Bevan">
R. A. Bevan

Robert Alexander Polhill "R. A." Bevan (“Bobby”) CBE (15 March 1901 – 20 December 1974) was a significant figure in British communications and advertising during the mid-20th century. He was the second child of the artists Robert Polhill Bevan and Stanisława de Karłowska and was born at the Bevan house, Horsgate, in Cuckfield Sussex.
Education.
Bevan was educated at The Hall School before entering Westminster School as a King’s Scholar in 1913 at the early age of 12. In 1919 he went up to Christ Church, Oxford and read Greats obtaining seconds in Mods and in Finals.
Advertising.
In 1923 he entered the advertising company of S.H. Benson and became, what former colleague R.D. Bloomfield described as, "the personification of the greatest days of English advertising".
It was in his time at Bensons that some of the best known advertising campaigns of the 1920s and 1930s were produced. The products advertised included Guinness, Bovril, Johnnie Walker and Colman’s Mustard (The Mustard Club). Bevan was behind most of them, and he was still handling the Guinness account in the 1950s when he commissioned John Nash to provide colour illustrations to "Happy New Lear" (1957). He was behind slogans such as "Guinness is Good for You" and was the inspiration for Mr Ingleby in Dorothy L. Sayers' 1933 thriller Murder Must Advertise.
Bobby Bevan was a member of London’s 1930s literary set. A particular friend was the novelist Anthony Powell; who presented Bobby with copies of his first four novels, each fully dedicated with “arch and somewhat randy inscriptions”.
Sailing and War Time.
He was a passionate sailor and member of the Royal Ocean Racing Club. In 1937 he and a friend, Harold Paton, commissioned a yacht Phryna, which was built by J.Samuel White in Cowes and designed by B. Heckstall-Smith and Wm.McMeek. They had a very successful couple of years racing before the outbreak of the Second World War.
For a short period Bevan was director of General Production at the Ministry of Information. However, having joined the RNVR in 1937 he was soon on active service. After a spell on HMS Ellington he was posted as a liaison officer to the French Navy. Following the fall of France Bevan prevented the scuttling of the “Commandant Dominé” and forced the captain to join the Free French at gunpoint. He was appointed OBE for this act in March 1941. In 1944, as a Captain RNVR, Bevan was working as the Deputy Chief of Naval Information, in Washington, D.C. This was a post that not only exercised all his skills at communication, but gave him access to many of the top players in American advertising, which was to prove useful in his later career.
Marriage.
Bobby Bevan had a difficult relationship with his father, which might explain why there is only one known portrait of the son by Robert Bevan, yet numerous portraits of his daughter, Halszka, survive. He also appears to have had problems in his relationship with women. He did marry on his return from the war, his bride being a vivacious divorcee–Natalie Sieveking (née Ackenhausen). However, within a year he found himself in a well publicised ménage à trois involving his wife and Randolph Churchill. This was to continue until the latter’s death in 1968.
The Bevans lived at Boxted House on the Essex/Suffolk border and had a flat in Knightsbridge, London. They entertained greatly and Boxted soon became a gathering place for artists, writers and gardeners. Weekend parties might consist of Maggi Hambling, Francis Bacon, A.P. Herbert, Ronald Blythe, Beth Chatto and John Gathorne-Hardy. Other friends included the artists John Armstrong and Frederick Gore, and others more closely associated with East Anglia, such as Cedric Morris, John Nash and the architect Raymond Erith The composer Benjamin Britten and the tenor Peter Pears might be there as would the art dealer Anthony d'Offay, who once brought down the artists Gilbert and George.
Later career and Public Works.
The Bevans had very close links with the Minories art gallery, in Colchester, which opened in 1958 and Bobby served as chairman of its management committee, The Victor Batte-Lay Trust from 1963 until 1974.
During the 1950s and 1960s Bobby held a number of official appointments. He was:
He was also a founder member of the Board of Governors of the Cutty Sark
Between 1954-64 he was Chairman of SH Benson Ltd, being appointed CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1963.
Bobby Bevan was something of a mentor to the New York-based advertising executive David Ogilvy who frequently stayed at Boxted during his trips to England. In 1948 Bevan had established Ogilvy as head of a new advertising agency in New York. This was to become Ogilvy, Benson and Mather. In 1964 it merged with David’s brother Francis’s agency to become Ogilvy and Mather International Inc.
Ogilvy once said of Bevan "I was in awe of him but Bevan never took notice of me!"
Mani Ayer, former CEO of Ogilvy & Mather (India) said of him:
“Bevan was not a man who would share his experience or knowledge with you. He was an intellectual and came from a well-known family of painters and he preferred to live like an aristocrat.” However, this should be read in conjunction with that of the artist, John Nash, who had known him since 1913. ‘Robert Bevan was a significant figure to us both and was, therefore, a bond between us. This was Bobby’s “cosy’ side”–he could be moody and at times rather formidable but beneath this one sensed always his intense loyalty to his real friends mixed with an affection that his undemonstrative nature hardly allowed him to disclose. I like to think I partook of these latter qualities. He was a very private person, talking little about his personal deeds even less about his personal thoughts and worries. His sympathy to those in distress, was almost feminine in its understanding.
The Bevan Collection.
When Bevan’s mother died in 1952 she left Bobby and his sister Halszka (Mrs Charles Baty) an equal share in a large collection of family paintings and many works by their parents, as well as their Camden Town Group friends and other associates, including Walter Sickert, Paul Gauguin, Paul Cézanne and Henri Gaudier-Brzeska.
Bobby and his sister made a substantial gift of their father's work to the Ashmolean Museum in 1957 and for the remainder of his life he applied all his business experience to the promotion of Robert and Stanisława Bevan. A series of exhibitions were held throughout the 1960s. In 1965 Bobby produced a short book on his father, which until recently was the only work available.
He died of stomach cancer on 20 December 1974. Although he had no children of his own his widow retained the complete collection of artworks to the great distress of the artists' descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="21441948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441948" title="Che Mian">
Che Mian

He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35-38 event, a silver medal in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T35-38 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T36 event, finished sixth in the men's 200 metres - T36 event and finished fourth in the men's 400 metres - T36 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35-38 event, a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T36 event, a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T36 event and finished sixth in the men's 100 metres - T36 event

</doc>
<doc id="21441950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441950" title="Kia Potentia">
Kia Potentia

The Kia Potentia is a full-size semi-luxury four-door rear wheel drive sedan manufactured by Kia Motors to compete with the Daewoo Arcadia and Hyundai Grandeur and marketed in South Korea. This car was based on the Mazda Luce. The style of the Luce was particularly apparent in the 1990 model. The Potentia was made from 1992 to 2001, making this car one of the longest-running Korean cars ever made. Engines choices included a 2.0 liter 4-cylinder Mazda FE-DOHC engine, which was the same as the first generation Kia Sportage's gasoline version, 2.2 liter 4-cylinder and a 3.0 liter V6.

</doc>
<doc id="21441953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441953" title="Engine House No. 9 (Tacoma, Washington)">
Engine House No. 9 (Tacoma, Washington)

Engine House No. 9 in Tacoma, Washington is a fire station built in 1907. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Currently, the building houses a pub which brews its own beer.

</doc>
<doc id="21441954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441954" title="Richard Prior">
Richard Prior

Richard Prior is an English conductor, composer and professor of music.
Life.
Award-winning conductor and composer, Richard Prior is Senior Lecturer in Composition and Director of Orchestral Studies at Emory University where he holds the Edward Goodwin Scruggs Chair and conducts the Emory University and Youth Symphony orchestras. In addition to his conducting duties at Emory University, Prior is also conductor of the Rome Symphony Orchestra (GA) where he holds the Georgia Power Conducting Chair.
With a rich family heritage that includes a prominent figure in mid twentieth-century British conducting, a founding member of the English Opera Group with Benjamin Britten and composer/ jazz saxophone legend, Tim Garland, Richard Prior’s career has encapsulated the hallmarks of other distinguished family members. His musical training began in his native England, where he received degrees in composition and conducting from Leeds and Nottingham Universities. He has taught at several universities and colleges in the United States and at St. Catherine’s College, Oxford University where he was the 1997 Visiting Fellow in Music.
From music written as a high school student performed in the presence of Queen Elizabeth II to his professional debut in 1988 at London’s Westminster Abbey, Prior’s music has been performed, recorded, and broadcast widely in Europe and North America. Atlanta performances have included String Quartet No. 1: intimations of immortality and String Quartet No. 2: TRIPTYCH both premiered by the Vega Quartet, The Darkening Land with clarinet virtuoso Richard Stoltzman and the Pulitzer-nominated choral-orchestral work Stabat Mater, the subject of a 2009 PBS broadcast. Prior’s Symphony No. 3 received its premiere at Emory in 2011 and his elegy for aurora dedicated to the memory of those lost in the tragedy in Aurora, CO received multiple performances in 2012 and 2013. Prior’s former teachers and mentors include Alan Ridout, Philip Wilby, James Fulkerson, Nigel Osborne and Trevor Wishart. He has been a selected participant in workshops and masterclasses with a diverse array of composers including Pierre Boulez, Henryk Gorecki, John McCabe and Milton Babbitt. He has undertaken a wide variety of projects ranging from concert music to multimedia projects and an acclaimed orchestration of BaBopbyeYa performed live with Janelle Monae.
The Atlanta Symphony Orchestra commissioned …of shadow and light… (incantations for orchestra) which premiered in October, 2013. Subsequent critical review called the work “forbidding and dramatic”, “stunning” and “jubilant and exuberant”; the piece identified Prior as “perhaps the most gifted of the Atlanta composers” citing his mastery of orchestration, lyricism and musical drama. The ASO will present three performances of his Symphony No. 3 in their 2014-2015 Season under the direction of Robert Spano, a work also featured at the finale of Northwestern University’s 2013-2014 Season under the direction of Victor Yampolsky. Reviews and commentary from the Chicago/Midwest premiere called Prior “a symphonic sorcerer” and “one of the most badass composers of all time”.
A winner of numerous awards for his compositions and teaching, Prior received the 2008 Harvey Philips Award for Excellence in Composition at the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, the 2009 Emory University Winship Senior Faculty Award and the 2011 Crystal Apple Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Education. His choral-orchestral work hymn for nations united received Awards of Merit in two categories (Symphonic Music and Composition) in the 2013 Global Music Awards. Current projects include works for the ASO’s Principal Oboist, Elizabeth Koch Tiscione, meditation on “let all mortal flesh keep silence” for organist Timothy Albrecht, a viola concerto for prodigy Stephen Upshaw, a double timpani concerto and just announced, a concerto for internationally acclaimed cellist, Matt Haimovitz.
In demand as a guest conductor and clinician, Prior has led numerous honor and all-state orchestras and a variety of professional consortiums from the New York Philharmonic, Chicago Symphony, Atlanta Symphony, and Minnesota Orchestra. He has appeared with the Charlotte Symphony, the New Orleans Civic Symphony, the Rome Symphony Orchestra, and the National Symphony of Ukraine, the Odessa Philharmonic. Prior has worked with a range of distinguished soloists including sopranos Silvia McNair and Yulia Van Doren, cellist Matt Haimovitz, violinists David Kim, Katherine Wolfe and Sinisa Ciric, pianists William Ransom and James Swisher, oboist Joseph Robinson, clarinetist Ashraf Attalla and saxophonist, Victor Goines. Reviews in the press cite his “stirring conviction,” “precision,” and “stylishness and flexibility,” with the noted “meteoric rise” of ensembles under his direction. Prior’s principal teachers include Sir Simon Rattle, James Paul and William LaRue Jones. Prior is a founding member and past president of the College Orchestra Directors Association, South Central Division; he served on the Atlanta Regional Commission’s Arts and Culture Assessment Committee and sits on various boards.
Students of Prior have gone on to successfully complete undergraduate and graduate programs at UC Boulder, Michigan, Northwestern, Columbia, Rice, Oberlin, MIT, Indiana, CIM, CCM and the Royal College of Music (UK).
See: www.richardprior.org

</doc>
<doc id="21441960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441960" title="Imi-Nova International Management Institute">
Imi-Nova International Management Institute

Institutul Internaţional de Management "IMI – Nova" is an educational institution located in Chişinău, Moldova.
History.
IMI Nova – was established by the Rector Valentin Railean on 25 April 1995 as a joint venture between some public and private institutions — three Moldovan academic institutions: the State University of Moldova, the Academy for the Economic Studies and the Academy of Sciences); two French Universities: the University of Grenoble Pierre Mendes and The University of Paris XI; and three companies: Bucuria SA, Victoria Bank and AFU Dresden.
Campus and courses.
The mission of the IMI-Nova International Management Institute is to educate professional managers for integration into the modern globalized economy. IMI's core activities include MBA Programs, Executive Education Programs, Consulting Services, a Ph.D. in Business Administration Programs and research projects. It was the first such institutes in the post Soviet Union to offer a one-year MBA program based on a western European model and it has introduced the "Bologna process" and the "European standard of Evaluation".
The main training areas are economics, business management and international business management. The academic year is divided in semesters with an obligation to sit for exams within the provided deadline dates. Courses are delivered in three main languages: Romanian, Russian and French, with some course modules in Italian and English.
The IMI uses their computer center as a tool in business research as well as preparing students for continued professional success. Using the internet is greatly encouraged and classes are designed stressing the global impacts of information technology. The institute has international agreements with universities in other countries including the University of Genova in Italy, the University of Nice, the University NOVI of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and the Link Campus University in Rome (Italy/Malta). In particular there is a close link to the State University of Nice Sophia Antipolis in France which follows the "Bologna process" for the MBA which is delivered following the ECTS system standard.
Staff.
As of 2009 the Rector is Valentin Railean, the deputy rector for academic and administrative affairs is Corina Railean and from 2007 the deputy rector for international relations is Alessandro Figus. He was "Honoris Causa" of the Institute in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21441971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21441971" title="Explosion (disambiguation)">
Explosion (disambiguation)

An explosion is a sudden increase in volume and release of energy in an extreme manner.
Explosion, Explode or Exploder may also refer to:
In music:
In film:

</doc>
<doc id="21442008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442008" title="Horseshoe Bay, Isle of Wight">
Horseshoe Bay, Isle of Wight

Horseshoe Bay is a small bay on the south east coast of the Isle of Wight, England. It lies at the east end of the headland of Culver Down. It faces south east towards the English Channel and its shoreline is approximately 100m in length. It should not be confused with a similarly named bay about 15km southwest at Bonchurch. 
The seabed is rocky and the beach comprises a steep bank of flint pebbles. The beach can only be reached at high tide by boat. The cliffs are sheer, concave and are made of chalk, which is unstable and persons on the beach are at risk of being injured by falling rocks dislodged by the many seabirds that use the cliff. Some form of head protection is advisable if venturing close to the base of this cliff. Horseshoe Bay lies NNE and adjacent to, two caves known as the The Nostrils. These can be reached by scrambling over a small rocky outcrop and are partly submerged at high tide. 
The bay can be accessed by walking round the headland from Whitecliff Bay at beach level and at low tide. This should only be attempted on a falling (ebb) tide. At certain time of the year, on very low tides, it is possible to reach Horseshoe Bay from Sandown Bay. This entails some scrambling and a short traverse even at extreme low tide across the submerged base of the cliff between an old collapsed cave and the nostrils. The Coastguard Rescue Team and the lifeboat local lifeboat are sometimes called to rescue people trapped by a rising tide, or unable to cope with the terrain. Extreme care should be taken and always tell someone where you are going before you set off. 

</doc>
<doc id="21442044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442044" title="Apollonius Glaucus">
Apollonius Glaucus

Apollonius Glaucus (Greek: Ἀπολλώνιος Γλαῦκος) was a physician and writer who must have lived during or before the 2nd century CE, as his work "On Internal Diseases" is quoted by Caelius Aurelianus. Nothing more is known of his life. He wrote, for instance, on the significance of the types of excreted worms.
Name.
The name Glaucus comes from Greek mythology, including one sea-god.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="21442059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442059" title="States and territories">
States and territories

States and Territories may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21442067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442067" title="Estadio Nueva Esparta">
Estadio Nueva Esparta

Estadio Nueva Esparta, also known as Estadio Guatamare, is a stadium in Porlamar, Venezuela. It is primarily used for baseball and serves as the home stadium for Bravos de Margarita. It holds 16,100 people and was opened in 1990.
In February, 2010, it was the home of the 2010 Caribbean Series.
The Caribbean Series is scheduled to return to Estadio Nueva Esparta in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21442072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442072" title="Benjamin Franklin School">
Benjamin Franklin School

Benjamin Franklin School may refer to:
in the United States "(by state then city)"

</doc>
<doc id="21442108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442108" title="Richard Irvine Best">
Richard Irvine Best

Richard Irvine Best (1872 – 25 September 1959), often known as R. I. Best, was an Irish scholar who specialised in Celtic Studies.
Best was born into a Protestant family in Derry and educated at Foyle College before working for a time in a bank. As a young man he went to Paris to study Old Irish, where he met Kuno Meyer and attended Henri d'Arbois de Jubainville's lectures at the Collège de France. On his return to Ireland he translated the latter's "Le Cycle Mythologique Irlandais et la Mythologie Celtique" into English and became Assistant Director at the National Library of Ireland in 1904.
He married Edith Oldman, a musician, in 1906 and the couple were active in the administration of the Feis Ceoil. Edith was six years Best's senior and the sister of Professor C. H. Oldman of University College Dublin. The couple had no children.
From 1913 onwards he published his multi-volume "Bibliography of Irish Philology and Manuscript Literature: Publications" (1913–1941). Best was director of the National Library from 1929 to 1940. He was Senior Professor of Celtic Studies at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies from its establishment in 1940. He was elected president of the Royal Irish Academy from 1943 to 1946. He served as chairman of the Irish Manuscripts Commission from 1948 to 1956 and was an honorary fellow of the Bibliographical Society of Ireland. Best was awarded honorary doctorates by the National University of Ireland and Trinity College Dublin and the Leibniz Medal of the Royal Prussian Academy.
He died at his home, 57 Upper Leeson Street, on 25 September 1959.
Best was an acquaintance of J. M. Synge and James Joyce. Joyce depicted Best in Ulysses as one of the characters in the National Library scene in Episode 9 "Scylla and Charybdis". Best was known to have disapproved of Joyce's characterisation of him. According to Frank O'Connor, Best boasted that he was the only person in Dublin from whom Joyce never borrowed money.Flann O'Brien affectionately satirised him alongside his fellow scholars D. A. Binchy and Osborn Bergin in his poem "Binchy and Bergin and Best". He was a close friend of George Moore, and according to a well-known story, had to explain to Moore that " it were better " is not bad English but the subjunctive mood.
The R. I. Best Memorial Lectures were established by the National Library in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="21442111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442111" title="The Battler">
The Battler

"The Battler" is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway. It was included in the collection "In Our Time" (1925). 
Plot.
“The Battler” begins with Nick Adams, the main character, being thrown off a train because he was caught attempting to stow away. Nick then stumbles into a forest, trying to find his way to the next town. Nick sees a fire in the darkness and makes his way over to it. He sees a man next to the fire and greets him. The man asks Nick where he got the black eye and Nick explains that he was punched off of a train. The man tells him that he should hit the man on the train with a rock the next time he passes to which Nick replied, “I’ll get him.” The man compliments Nick on his toughness to which Nick replies, “You got to be tough.” After this, Nick realizes that the man’s face is misshapen, with a smashed nose, permanently swollen lips, and one missing ear. The man then asks Nick if he has ever been crazy and says “I’m not quite right,” then, “I’m crazy.” Nick starts to feel uncomfortable after this and considers leaving, until the man reveals himself to be Ad Francis, a former boxing champion. Later, Bugs comes back to the camp with their dinner. While preparing dinner, Ad asks Nick for the knife and Bugs tells Nick to not hand it to him. Ad is greatly offended and becomes very aggressive saying, “You come in here where nobody asks you and eat a man’s food and when he asks to borrow a knife you get snotty.” He threatens to hit Nick, but Bugs knocks him out with a blackjack in order to sedate him. Nick asks how Ad became so crazy and Bugs explains that he took too many beatings in the ring, plus his wife, whom the media falsely claimed to be his sister, abandoned him. Shortly after, Ad became depressed and could no longer financially support himself. After this revelation, Nick leaves the camp and heads towards the next town.

</doc>
<doc id="21442162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442162" title="Itijjuaq">
Itijjuaq

Itijjuaq is, in the religion of the Inuit, a third gender being that was one of the world's first shamans. He discovered the world's first amulet, a sea urchin shell, which allowed him to cure the most deadly diseases. The name "Itijjuaq" means "Big Anus".

</doc>
<doc id="21442173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442173" title="Vegetarianism and beer">
Vegetarianism and beer

Beer is typically made from barley malt, water, hops and yeast and so is often suitable for vegans and vegetarians. However, some breweries such as British cask ale producers may use animal products in the filtering process. Most breweries do not reveal if they do or do not use animal products in the processing of their beers; exceptions are Samuel Smith, Anheuser-Busch, the Marble Brewery in Manchester, the Black Isle Brewery, and Black Sheep Brewery, all of whom have declared they make vegetarian beer. 
Non-vegetarian additives.
Finings.
Most beer is filtered without the need for animal products, and so remains vegetarian; however British cask ale producers don't filter the beer at the end of the production process. When beer is left unfiltered, the yeast that fermented the wort, and turned the sugar in the barley into alcohol, remains in suspension in the liquid. The yeast that remains suspended in the beer creates a cloudy appearance, and can have a yeasty flavour. Finings are used to clear the beer of yeast – there are a variety of agents used as finings, including silicon dioxide, gelatin, polyclar, and isinglass.
Isinglass is the most common fining used to clear cask ale. Isinglass is produced from the swim bladders of fish, usually sturgeon, though also those in the polynemidae, sciaenidae and siluridae families; as it is an animal product, cask ale cleared with isinglass is not considered vegetarian. 
There are vegetarian alternatives to isinglass. Bentonite and Irish moss are the two most common.
Glycerol monostearate.
A brewer may also use some form of animal product in the later stages of beer processing, such as glycerol monostearate, which is used to create a foam or head on the finished beer.
Honey.
Honey is added to some beers as an adjunct, for flavouring and to sweeten the beer. Though generally considered suitable for vegetarians, honey is an animal product, so is not suitable for vegans.
Lactose.
Some beers, particularly milk stouts, contain lactose, a sugar derived from milk, and are thus not suitable for people who abstain from eating dairy products.
Packaged beers.
Other than bottle conditioned, beers which are packaged in cans, bottles or kegs are filtered in some form, either pasteurised or cold-filtered. In general filtering doesn't require the use of finings, though animal finings may be used on some batches that are too hazy to be cleared easily by the regular filtering methods. 
Vegetarian breweries.
Even though the many beers are vegetarian, most brewers do not reveal which beers do not contain animal products. Those brewers who have published this information include Samuel Smith, Anheuser-Busch, MillerCoors, the Marble Brewery in Manchester, UK, the Black Isle Brewery, Little Valley Brewery, the Pitfield Brewery, and Black Sheep Brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="21442182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442182" title="Lucifer Rising (Candlemass album)">
Lucifer Rising (Candlemass album)

Lucifer Rising is an expanded EP released by the Swedish doom metal band Candlemass in 2008, on the label Nuclear Blast. Candlemass recorded two new tracks, "Lucifer Rising" and "White God," and re-recorded "Demons Gate" for this release. The collection is also primarily composed of a series of 9 live tracks recorded in Athens, Greece on their 2007 tour (sides 2 to 4 on the vinyl edition). Recording on the new material was completed in April 2008. The title track, "Lucifer Rising", is included as a bonus song on the digipak edition of the full-length album "Death Magic Doom", which was released six months after the EP.
Track listing.
2008 CD edition<br>
Same track listing and order as the vinyl release issued on one disc (Catalogue: Nuclear Blast 1 21732).Bonus Tracks 4 - 12 recorded live in Athens, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21442222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442222" title="Parc naturel régional d'Armorique">
Parc naturel régional d'Armorique

The Parc naturel régional d'Armorique (), or Armorica Regional Natural Park, is a rural protected area located in Brittany. The park land reaches from the Atlantic Ocean to hilly inland countryside. There are sandy beaches, swamps, strange rocks, fast rivers and the hills of Monts d'Arrée, all blended into one landscape. The park also includes three islands: Île de Sein, Molène and Ouessant.
The wildlife of the park is diverse and interesting to naturalists. There are sea birds on the islands, European otters and beavers in the rivers and swamps, and interesting birds of prey. In the marshes lives a species of rare carnivorous plant, the sundew, which captures unwary insects.
History.
The Armorica regional natural park was founded through a partnership of local and national government in 1969. The park's three islands of Sein, Molène and Ouessant were collectively deemed a UNESCO biosphere reserve in 1988.
Geography.
Monts d'Arrée.
The Monts d'Arrée hills are one of the oldest geological formations in Europe. They were created as mountains 600 million years ago, thus they are older than the Alps.
Monts d'Arrée is an area where Celtic mythology and Christian traditions coexist peacefully. A local legend explains why the Monts d'Arrée are so bare: when Christ was born, God asked the trees from Monts d'Arrée to cross the sea in order to greet the newborn child. All trees except for the humble pine, gorse and heather refused to do this, and so they were wrenched from the ground as divine punishment.
Although the highest hill, Tuchen Gador, is only 384 meters high, it is easy to get lost. Low fog is frequent between the hills and above the swamps. The Monts are very irregular. The sharp rocks of Tuchen Gador create a striking contrast to the rounded hills of the Mont Saint Michel de Brasparts. Hiking on the Monts can be treacherous because of the ever-changing weather and the uneven and marshy ground.
Mont Saint-Michel de Brasparts and the Chapel of Saint-Michel.
Mont Saint-Michel de Brasparts, ( in Breton) is the most famous hill in the range. The Mont is 380 meters high and is the second highest in the chain of Monts d'Arrée. The Mont was once claimed to be 391 meters high, but this is only true if the height of the Chapel of Saint-Michel is included.
One source claims that the top of the Chapel of Saint-Michel is the highest point in Brittany however this is adding the height of the building to the height of the Mont, and is not taking into consideration another hill in Brittany which is 383 m high and has a 220 m antenna on top, the Émetteur de Roc'h Trédudon.
The summit of Saint-Michel de Brasparts offers fine views of the bogs of Elez Yeun, and on to Lake Brennilis. When the weather permits, which is rare, one can see the Pont de l'Iroise, and the Bay of Morlaix.
The Chapel of Saint-Michel was built in 1672. It is dedicated to Archangel Michael. It was vandalized in 1935, when the statue of the Archangel was removed from the chapel. Now the building is empty.
Elez Yeun.
Elez Yeun is a marshy hollow, visible from the summit of Mont Saint-Michel de Brasparts. Ancient tradition claims that it is one of the gates of hell. The word "ellez" is found in few other names around the region, and comes from the same Indo-European root as the world "hell" in English.
Legends.
Elez Yeun is surrounded by many legends and superstitions. It is said that hapless mortals peering into Elez Yeun risked being seized, and dragged down by unseen forces below. Malevolent fiends, often taking the form of a great black dog, are heard baying at night.
Another sound heard floating on the night wind comes from the mad revels of lost souls. In Christian folklore, the Youdic (Elez Yeun) was thought to be a place to confine the possessed, but Saint Michael has the power to save souls from falling into it.
One legend describes what happened to a priest and a sexton by the name of Job, when they tried to cross Elez Yeun:
The unusual chapel of Saint-Michel is considered to be the home of the Archangel Michael who acts as the protector of lost souls wandering in the marshland below his hill. Michael and the Devil had a long history of fighting and competitions. One of the stories says that the Devil was angry when Mont St. Michel and the chapel were built, probably because he knew that Archangel Michael would be protecting the lost from entering the gates of hell at Elez Yeun. The Devil told St Michael that Mont St. Michel was his, the Devil's, to reside in. Not surprisingly, St. Michael had a different opinion. To decide which one of them was going to keep the Mont, the Devil and St. Michael both agreed to a jumping competition. The Devil jumped and fell into a river, whereas St. Michael's wings carried him much farther away. In this way, St. Michael won the Mont for himself, except for the fact that the Devil still lives somewhere below the Mont.
Member communes.
The Armorique parkland contains the following communes:
Huelgoat.
In Huelgoat, unusual rock formations, fast and clear rivers, the lake, and the dark woods create a fairy tale atmosphere. It is said that King Arthur walked there, and even hid his treasures in the La Grotte d'Artus, or Arthur's Cave.

</doc>
<doc id="21442225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442225" title="Waldvogel Viaduct">
Waldvogel Viaduct

The Waldvogel Viaduct, also called the Waldvogel Memorial Viaduct, is a bridge-like construction on the west side of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, connecting the Sixth Street Expressway with River Road (U.S. 50), Elberon Avenue and Warsaw Avenue. The section of Cincinnati is known as Lower Price Hill.
This viaduct was built to manage automobile traffic and avoid intersecting railroad lines, in order that grade crossings would not be required when the Cincinnati Union Terminal was constructed in 1933. The viaduct was named the Waldvogel Memorial Viaduct after the death of Edward N. Waldvogel (1894-1954), a member of the Ohio senate and mayor of Cincinnati who died in office.
The deteriorating viaduct is scheduled to be demolished in late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21442229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442229" title="Tom Pook">
Tom Pook

Tom Pook (1869 – 21 February 1948) was an English-born Wales international rugby forward who played rugby union for Newport and rugby league with Holbeck. Although short for a forward player at five foot six, Pook was described as possessing clever play and was good in the scrummage.
Rugby career.
Pook came to note as a rugby player as part of first class Welsh team, Newport. Pook was part of the Newport team who during 1891/92 completed the season as 'invincibles' having not lost a single match. In 1895, Pook was selected to represent Wales in the country's second game of the 1895 Home Nations Championship, against Scotland. Under the captaincy of Wales rugby legend Arthur Gould, Pook was one of three Welsh players to make their debut in the match. The other's being Pontypridd's Ernie George and Llanelli's Evan Lloyd. Wales initially threatened to pull out of the game, due to the team's belief that the Raeburn Place pitch was frozen, but agreed to compete when the playing field was shortneded by 20 yards to avoid a dangerous section of the field. Wales lost the game 5-4 and Pook did not represent his country again.
In 1898 Pook turned professional by switching to rugby league team Holbeck, making his debut on 3 September.
International matches played.
Wales (rugby union)

</doc>
<doc id="21442231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442231" title="Trust and Blood">
Trust and Blood

"Trust and Blood" is the fifteenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and forty-ninth episode overall. The episode, also classed as episode 2 of Volume 4, aired on February 9, 2009.
Plot.
After the plane crash, the heroes scatter and are chased by government agents. Matt, Suresh, and Hiro all end up hiding in the same ditch and work together to avoid capture. Matt and Suresh are hopeful that Hiro can just teleport them away, but Hiro tells them that his powers are gone. Matt enters a precognitive state and leads the other two to a trailer where he finds crayons.
He draws many pictures, but the most attention is paid to a drawing of Daphne being shot with the plane wreckage in the background. Matt rushes back to the crash site, and Hiro and Mohinder follow.
Ando tries to book a flight to Russellville, Arkansas after tracking Hiro's GPS signal, but the person on the other end of the phone seems to have never heard of Russellville. Daphne shows up as Ando hangs up the phone. She's trying to find Matt and figured Hiro and Ando may be able to help. When Ando hears Matt disappeared as well, he decides the people who kidnapped Hiro may have Matt too. Daphne grabs Ando and speeds off to Russellville.
Peter and Claire are escaping together when Noah appears and holds them at gunpoint. He initially tries to force them both to come back to the camp with him, but eventually agrees to let Peter escape when he realizes that he's not willing to shoot him.
Claire, though, is taken back to the military troops' camp where Nathan is waiting and makes plans to send her back home. Claire is unwilling to forsake her friends, though, and rages against both of her fathers and their betrayal of the other heroes.
Daphne and Ando arrive at the crash site and, while they don't see either Matt or Hiro, see Claire in shackles. Daphne reassures Ando that Hiro can't be dead since Ando kills him in the future and speeds off to bust out Claire.
By the time Daphne and Claire return, Matt and the others have shown up. Everyone has a semi-joyous reunion before the government troops show up and start shooting. Daphne is the first to take a bullet, fulfilling the prophecy of Matt's drawing. Claire starts taking bullets to cover the others' escape, but Matt takes the opportunity to get revenge instead of running. He gets into one of the men's head and makes him start shooting his fellow soldiers. The Hunter shows up and kills the brainwashed man and Matt makes a run for it. Everyone except for Claire and Daphne escape.
The Hunter drags Claire back to the camp and threatens to shoot Claire in the back of her head, figuring that will be enough to kill her. Noah and Nathan both show up at an opportune time and tell The Hunter to stand down. Nathan and The Hunter have words that amount to the Hunter telling Nathan to watch his back because he won't always be in touch while Noah escorts Claire to a car and warns her that the Hunter will be watching her like a hawk now. Claire gets into the car and finally goes home.
On Peter's escape from Noah, he runs into Tracy. She initially wants to go back, figuring she can get her life back, but Peter convinces her to make a run for it. He hatches a plan to steal military uniforms and head back to the camp to stop Nathan, but Tracy figures out a way to trick Nathan, figuring they think the same and thus she can get into his head.
Tracy calls Nathan and tells him that she can give him Peter if he will give her life back. They set up a rendezvous at the historic site of the battle of Russellville, planning to trap him.
Naturally, Nathan saw the trap coming and brought some of "his team", including the Hunter and Noah, with him. A standoff ensues in which Noah repeatedly refuses to take a kill shot on Peter while he holds a gun to Nathan's head. In an earlier conversation with Tracy, Peter explained that he can only take one power by touch now. As soon as he picks up a new power, the last one is gone. He takes the opportunity of being in contact with Nathan to steal his power and fly away. Tracy tries to bargain, but is taken prisoner once again.
Peter, Matt, Suresh, Hiro, and Ando all regroup and plan to go underground to plan their revenge. They agree to ditch their cellphones, credit cards, and any attachment to their own lives in the realization that Nathan will be watching. Peter warns that they will have to do things that they never imagined and nobody seems fazed, least of all Matt who makes it clear that he is not interested in justice, only revenge, as it is still unknown (but presumed) whether Daphne is dead.
Forty-two hours later, Nathan is recounting all of this to someone over the phone. At the end of the conversation, Nathan tells her that they both know Peter and both know that he will eventually come to her. Nathan wants to know if she will do the right thing and call him when it happens.
Angela tells Nathan that she won't help now as he pushed her aside to work with the government. As she says this she looks over a file on Danko, it has a newspaper clipping and mentions a killing.
After Angela hangs up on Nathan, he heads to a trailer where a hooded figure is sitting, he removes the hood to reveal that the figure is Tracy. He makes a speech about how he is doing the right thing for everyone. Over Tracy's cries that Nathan is "One of us",Tracy is redrugged and rehooded and Nathan walks away in darkness.
In Newark, NJ, Sylar has kidnapped Agent Simmons in a house near his father's taxidermy shop. When the tenants - a woman named Mary and her son arrive home and his plan becomes clear. He has gotten nowhere with the torture and instead decides to torture Mary and Luke until the agent reveals information about his father and who he is working for. Sylar uses his silver-tongue to intimidate them. Eventually Luke struggles to get out of his grip and uses his power on Sylar's cup, causing it to explode. Impressed, Sylar pulls him aside and has him demonstrate it further. Whilst Sylar is mocking Mary about Luke, Agent Simmons frees himself and pulls a gun. Luke instinctively pushes Sylar aside uses his ability on Simmons and microwaves him, causing his blood to boil and leak out like water. With the only source he had gone, Sylar departs but Luke chases him and begs for him to take him along. Sylar declines until Luke says he knows where his father is. Sylar can tell he isn't lying and agrees. They steal Mary's car and drive off.
Back in Costa Verde at the Bennet House, Sandra thinks Claire has been looking at college placements. Claire tells her about wanting to go to a school close to home, and Sandra is excited. After she leaves, Claire gets an anonymous text messages from a person calling themselves "Rebel", stating to keep fighting and not give up. The sender doesn't reveal any more except that he hates "Them" as much as Claire does.
Private Rachel Mills (Taylor Cole), the lead character of the "Heroes" Webseries "The Recruit", makes her first appearance in the main series with this episode.
Critical Reception.
Josh Modell of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a B.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 7.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="21442245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442245" title="Fossil fuel exporters">
Fossil fuel exporters

Petroleum, natural gas, and coal are exported from various source countries to countries reliant on these fossil fuels.
Petroleum.
Saudi Arabia is the largest exporter of petroleum in the world.
This is a list of countries by oil exports mostly based on The World Factbook:
Natural gas.
Russia is the largest exporter of natural gas in the world, it exports almost twice as much natural gas as the second largest exporter.
This is a list of countries by natural gas exports mostly based on The World Factbook:
Coal.
This is a list of countries by coal exports mostly based on US Energy Information Administration:

</doc>
<doc id="21442254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442254" title="Narbethong, Victoria">
Narbethong, Victoria

Narbethong is a town in central Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Maroondah Highway, north east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Narbethong and the surrounding area had a population of 280.
The first European settlement at Narbethong was esatblished in about 1865 by Frederick Fisher. Fisher built a 12-room hotel, the "Black Spur Inn", on the road which was being built to link Melbourne with the new goldfield at Woods Point. Fisher came from the town of Narberth in Wales, so it is likely that the name Narbethong was based on that. However there are also claims that Narbethong is an Aboriginal word meaning "cheerful", or "cheerful place".
Narbethong Post Office opened on 16 October 1883 in a small room at the hotel. In about 1886 the post office moved from the hotel into a small building. The telegraph service was connected to Narbethong in 1891, with the wires being strung along fences and attached to trees. In 1939 the post office building, which was then part of a store and petrol station, was completely destroyed in the Black Friday bushfires. The Post Office closed in 1993.
A primary school opened in Narbethong on 7 July 1903. It originally was part-time, sharing a teacher with Marysville and Buxton. In 1913, the Healesville Shire health officer reported that a lack of ventilation made the building a health hazard for students and teachers. A new school building was officially opened by Lord Huntingfield, the Governor of Victoria, on 9 April 1937.
The town was devastated in the Black Friday bushfires in 1939, with the hotel being the only building left standing.
Narbethong was again severely affected by the Black Saturday bushfires in 2009. In 2011, a new public hall was built using local timbers, with the whole building being wrapped in a bronze mesh fire resistant screen. It was officially opened on 26 November 2011 by the Governor of Victoria, Alex Chernov.

</doc>
<doc id="21442256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442256" title="Building 26">
Building 26

"Building 26" is the sixteenth episode of the third season of the science fiction drama series "Heroes" and fiftieth episode overall. The episode aired on February 16, 2009 on the NBC network in the United States, its country of origin. The episode was written by Rob Fresco and was directed by Sergio Mimica-Gezzan. 
The episode was split up between four stories, and kept going back and forth between them. The four stories are; Hiro Nakamura (Masi Oka) and Ando Masahashi (James Kyson Lee) in India trying to stop a wedding as per Matt Parkman's precognition drawings from the previous episode. Nathan Petrelli (Adrian Pasdar) at his campaign office trying to stop a new character, his new boss Abby (Moira Kelly), from shutting down his entire operation of rounding up all the humans with special abilities. Sylar (Zachary Quinto) and Luke Campbell (Dan Byrd) travelling on the road to find Sylar's birth father. The Bennet family's tension of relationship with one another while Claire Bennet (Hayden Panettiere) reads text messages from a mysterious character known only as "Rebel".
Plot.
Matt Parkman's prophetic images from the previous episode leads Hiro Nakamura and Ando Masahashi to India to stop a wedding from taking place. The bride, Annapoora, is upset as she truly does not love the groom, Deepak, and is being forced into the wedding. Hiro becomes jealous of Ando, who talks to Annapoora and becomes the hero by making her call off the wedding. Afterward, a furious Deepak kidnaps Ando and makes the wedding go ahead as planned. By the end of the episode, the wedding is in full swing when Hiro manages to stop the wedding, and get Ando back. Hiro discerns that the trip to India was destined so that he realizes that he can be the Hero without having special abilities. Near the end of the episode, the two receive a fax from the mysterious "Rebel", the same name that has been contacting Claire Bennet. The fax tells Hiro and Ando that they need to save Matt Parkman. 
Meanwhile, Nathan Petrelli seeks more funding but finds trouble when his new boss, Abby (Moira Kelly), gets sent to investigate what he has been doing. She finds Tracy Strauss in captivity and orders Nathan to shut down the entire operation. Abby's mind drastically changes however when she sees Tracy escape and freeze a man to death, before being put back in her cell. Abby states that he can have all the funding he needs. Tracy believes that Nathan left the door unlocked and weakened the chains so she could escape for Abby to see the truth about the whole operation, and further warns Nathan she will inevitably escape. Nathan and Danko both know however that Danko had schemed the whole thing behind Nathan's back.
Sylar and Luke Campbell are heading west to find Sylar's birth parents. Tension increases between them as Luke tries to befriend Sylar, but they soon stop at a diner to refuel and get something to eat. Sylar states that recently his only desire is to find his birth father. Luke gives Sylar the address of his birth father out of sympathy, but Nathan's men charge in and ruin the moment. They capture Luke while Sylar escapes after betraying Luke by telling him he doesn't need him any more. Inevitably Sylar comes back, kills Nathan's men, rescues Luke and steals a laptop computer. Although Sylar states that he only came back for the laptop to learn how they have been tracking him, it is shown by Luke's probing that he may have a softer side.
Tension finds the Bennet family back at their house, with Claire Bennet telling her father, Noah Bennet that she "can't lie to (Sandra) any more." Noah, however, believes that Sandra, as well as Claire's brother, are safer not knowing about Nathan's plan. Noah then ends the conversation by say he's enrolled her in college, which he is going to force her to attend. 
Later on in the episode, Claire gets another anonymous text message from "Rebel" asking her to warn Alex Woolsley at Sam's Comics in Buford. She goes to rescue Alex, only to find Noah also there for the same reason. Staying hidden, she manages to get Alex to escape, and the two eventually run off. During this Alex reveals his ability is being able to breathe under water. Claire advises Alex to stay hidden, then tries to return home to avoid suspicion. Noah catches her and determines what she's been doing. Noah warns her that if his agency discovers he can't control her anymore, she would be on the list of people to catch. Claire smiles and simply acknowledges that he can't. Claire finally gives in to her guilt from the start of the episode and tells Sandra about all the lies that Noah has been telling her, which leads to Noah getting kicked out of the house. It also shows Alex is staying hidden with Claire in her room. Later, at a hotel bar, Noah drinks as he examines his wedding ring before passing out. He is then picked up and walked away by Matt Parkman, Peter Petrelli, and Mohinder Suresh. 
Production.
"Building 26" was the second episode directed by Sergio Mimica-Gezzan. Both the episodes are in season 3 and are the third chapters of a volume; volume 3 and 4 respectively. With "One of Us, One of Them" being the other episode. This episode was also the second written by Rob Fresco, the first of which was eight episodes previous in Villains. Fresco has however been a consulting producer for five episodes, all of which are in season 3, volume 3. 
Critical Reception.
The episode was viewed by 7.898 million people and was NBC's fourth most-watched program that week, only losing to "The Office", "The Biggest Loser", and a special "Dateline NBC".
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a C-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 7.2 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="21442266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442266" title="David Axon">
David Axon

David John Axon (1951 – 5 April 2012) was a British astrophysicist specialising in observations of active galactic nuclei. He was a professor at the University of Hertfordshire and the Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT), and at the time of his death was Head of the School of Mathematical and Physical Sciences at the University of Sussex.
Early life.
David Axon was born in Doncaster in the county of Yorkshire, England, to an English father and Welsh mother. He received a bachelor’s degree in Physics from the University of Durham in 1972, and in 1977 he completed his Ph.D. at the same institution under the direction of Arnold Wolfendale. He subsequently held research fellowships at the University of Sussex, University College London and the Institute of Astronomy at the University of Cambridge.
Career.
In 1983 Axon was appointed to a faculty position at the University of Manchester where he taught Physics and carried out research at the Nuffield Radio Astronomy Laboratory at Jodrell Bank Observatory. In 1993 he took up an appointment at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore where he was the instrument scientist responsible for the NICMOS near infra-red camera. He returned to Manchester in 1998 but the following year was appointed Professor and Head of the Department of Physical Sciences at the University of Hertfordshire. From 2002-2008 he was Professor and Chair of the Physics Department at RIT. He maintained a research chair at Hertfordshire.
Contributions.
David Axon was a leading expert in the field of astronomical polarimetry and the phenomenology of active galactic nuclei. His scientific accomplishments included discovery of the first, X-ray selected BL Lac object, discovery of the first "superwind" galaxy, and discovery of strong magnetic fields in the jets of young stellar objects.
Death.
David Axon died in 2012 of an apparent heart attack while visiting RIT.

</doc>
<doc id="21442272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442272" title="Cold Wars">
Cold Wars

"Cold Wars" is the seventeenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and fifty-first episode overall. The episode aired on February 23, 2009.
Plot.
The episode begins with Matt Parkman, Peter Petrelli, and Mohinder Suresh planning to drug Noah Bennet and interrogate him. The scene from the previous episode is repeated, showing Noah getting dragged out of the bar by the three. They then take him to a hotel, where Matt uses his telepathic powers to probe Noah's mind and discover the origins of Nathan Petrelli's agency. 
In the first flashback, taking place five weeks earlier, Noah is shown meeting with Angela Petrelli. She confirms that Primatech has been dismantled and gives him a watch for all the hard work that he had done over the years. Matt confirms that the drugs are working and he will be able to discover the truth of the agency soon, while Suresh becomes concerned for Noah's health and argues that Matt is intentionally hurting him in revenge for what happened to Daphne Millbrook. Peter resolves the issue by pointing out that Noah has all the answers, while they have nothing, and they must continue. In another flashback taking place a week after the first, Matt discovers Nathan had planned the whole thing. Nathan wanted Noah's help in rounding up the heroes because of his past experience in doing so. In the flashback, Noah is also seen showing Nathan all the equipment he's used over the years, hidden away in a locked room. Peter flies off to grab the weapons and gear. 
Meanwhile, Danko becomes concerned that Noah hasn't checked in, and orders his team to find him. Nathan is surprised they are having Noah under surveillance, but Danko also reveals they are doing the same to him. Danko says Noah and Nathan's connections to Claire Bennet and Peter, who they have been somewhat partial to, compromises their decision making. At the storage unit, Peter begins procuring weapons and gear, all the while being watched by Nathan's agency due to a security camera. Danko has his men move in, but Peter manages to distract them with a flash grenade and flies off with the weapons.
Back in the hotel, Noah warns the two to leave while they can as the agency will be surely looking for him. Suresh agrees, but Matt decides to continue the interrogation. In the next flashback, taking place three weeks prior, Noah is introduced to Danko and Building 26. Noah is disappointed when Nathan reveals Danko will be running the operation, instead of him as he had originally thought. Later, Noah is shown asking Suresh for his help on the job. Matt is furious that Suresh had known about the agency's plan without telling them, while Suresh claims he didn't believe Noah at the time. The two have a brief struggle, which distracts them enough to allow Noah to escape. However, Peter arrives just in time to stop him.
Matt decides to discover more about Danko, and delves into Noah's mind once more. In a flashback one week prior, Noah is seen paying a visit to Danko's house. The two seem to be at odds, but Noah assures him he'll obey his orders. Peter flies off to confront Danko, while it is also shown Danko's men are mobilizing outside the hotel. Before Danko can give the order to move in, he is stopped by Peter. Danko tries to get Peter to shoot him to prove his point that people like him are dangerous, but Nathan arrives at the scene (Danko is surprised how he got there so quickly). Peter shoots Danko in the arm, but Nathan warns Peter that by killing Danko he will effectively be writing a kill order on all people with abilities. Nathan also informs Peter of the imminent raid on Matt and Suresh, causing Peter to fly off. Danko then orders his men to move in.
Seeing that Danko's men have arrived, Matt intends to kill Noah, but Noah claims Daphne is still alive. Suresh offers to hold off the commandos while Matt can read Noah's mind once more for confirmation. In the final memory taking place two days ago, Noah is seen visiting a recently captured Daphne, who while wounded is still very much alive. Mohinder manages to distract several of the guards, but is eventually captured. Matt decides to not kill Noah and is captured as well. However, as the guards are leading him back to the van, Peter swoops in, grabs Matt, and flies off. Nathan visits Suresh in a holding cell, and informs him he must help him find a solution to people's abilities, lest the government decide that they should all be killed. Later, Danko decides that Nathan's personal interests are clouding his judgment, and asks Noah to help him take over the agency. Noah agrees, but is later shown meeting with Angela Petrelli, telling her he's successfully gained Danko's trust for an unknown purpose. Matt and Peter fly to Isaac Mendez's old loft in New York and Matt draws the future in an attempt to find Daphne. Instead he draws pictures of pipe bombs and one of himself wearing a vest strapped with them. Peter tries to convince Matt that he isn't a murderer, but Matt demands an explanation for his most terrifying painting: a mural on the floor of Washington D.C. being destroyed in a nuclear explosion.
Mistakes.
When he tries to hold off the guards, Mohinder gets shot in the back four times, thus has four orange arrows stuck in his back. When he falls to the ground, however, there are only two.
Critical Reception.
Josh Modell of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a C.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 6.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="21442280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442280" title="An Giang Coffee">
An Giang Coffee

An Giang Coffee (CTCP Cà Phê An Giang) "(HST:AGC)" is a coffee company of Vietnam. An Giang primarily manufactures and trades coffee; it has other manufacturing activities and it operates a logistics network (i.e. warehousing and trucking). It produces about 60,000 tons of coffee per year, which is about 10% of Vietnam's total coffee production. An Giang exports coffee to over 20 countries, including Japan, Switzerland and Belgium; and it manages its own brand name of coffee, "An Giang Coffee".
Company headquarters are located in Long Thành District of Đồng Nai Province, in the south of Vietnam near Ho Chi Minh City. It is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center.

</doc>
<doc id="21442284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442284" title="Emil Grosswald">
Emil Grosswald

Emil Grosswald (December 15, 1912 – April 11, 1989) was a Romanian-American mathematician who worked primarily in number theory. His career is closely associated with that of his teacher, Hans Rademacher.
Life and education.
Grosswald was born on December 15, 1912 in Bucharest, Romania. He received a Master's degree from the University of Bucharest in 1933.
Grosswald was Jewish, and fled from the Nazis to Paris in the late 1930s, then to Orléans, then through Spain to Cuba where he spent the rest of World War II. He moved to Puerto Rico in 1946 and then to the United States in 1948. He received his PhD under Hans Rademacher from the University of Pennsylvania in 1950.
Grosswald died April 11, 1989 in Narberth, Pennsylvania.
Career.
Grosswald's first three scientific papers, written while he was in Cuba, were published under the pseudonym E. G. Garnea.
After receiving his PhD in 1950, Grosswald taught at the University of Pennsylvania from 1952 to 1968 and then moved to Temple University and stayed until his retirement in 1980. He also held positions at the University of Saskatchewan (1950), Institute for Advanced Study (1951), the Technion (1980–1981), Swarthmore College (1982), and the University of Pennsylvania (1984).
Grosswald completed some works of his teacher Hans Rademacher, who died in 1969. Rademacher had prepared notes for an Earle Raymond Hedrick Lecture in Boulder, Colorado in 1963 on Dedekind sums, but fell ill, and Grosswald gave the lecture for him.
After Rademacher's death, Grosswald edited and completed the notes and published them in the Carus Mathematical Monographs series as "Dedekind Sums".
He also edited for publication Rademacher's posthumous textbook "Topics in Analytic Number Theory".
Grosswald was elected to the Board of Governors of the Mathematical Association of America for 1965–1968. Temple University's Mathematics Department annually sponsors the Emil Grosswald Memorial Lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="21442286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442286" title="Tadaharu Shimooka">
Tadaharu Shimooka


</doc>
<doc id="21442288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442288" title="Exposed (Heroes)">
Exposed (Heroes)

"Exposed" is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and fifty-second episode overall. The episode aired on March 2, 2009.
Plot.
In Isaac Mendez's old loft, Matt Parkman continues to paint pictures of the future in an effort to find Daphne MillBrook, but repeatedly only paints himself strapped to bombs. He and Peter Petrelli are then surprised to see a computer nearby activate with a message from the mysterious "Rebel," telling them where Daphne is and to leave immediately. Matt and Peter escape just before Danko's men storm the loft. He and Peter head to Building 26 in Washington D.C., where their plan is for Matt to use his telepathy to control enough people to allow them into the building and rescue Daphne. Matt isn't sure that he can control all of the people they will encounter, so Peter replicates his power to make this easier. Using their abilities, Matt and Peter reach a control room where Peter starts to use the computer to try to find Daphne as they don't know exactly where she's being held. Danko finds out they're there, but Matt telepathically controls two guards to hold Danko where he is. Peter finds out Daphne's not in the building, but has been moved to a medical facility. At this point, the "Rebel" opens a video file on the computer, showing the abducted heroes being loaded onto the plane from "A Clear and Present Danger," a video which would surely ruin the organization if exposed to the public. Peter copies the file to a flash drive, explaining they can use it as leverage to get Daphne back.
Matt's control over the two men is broken when Noah Bennet activates the fire alarm, which causes Matt to lose focus on using his telepathy. Peter takes the flash drive and the two start to escape, while the building's power is cut (presumably by "Rebel"). Matt and Peter encounter Danko, Nathan Petrelli, Noah and some of their men and Matt telepathically holds them in place and tells Peter to escape while he holds them there. Peter does but the power comes back on along with the fire alarm, disrupting Matt's telepathy again and causing him to be caught. Later, Peter tries to trade the video for Matt and Daphne, but Noah and Danko set up a trap. Unexpectedly, Noah telepathically warns Peter of the trap and thanks to his warning he moves and is only clipped in the shoulder by a bullet, but falls off the roof of the building they are on. However, he is caught and flown away by Nathan.
Afterwards, Nathan has a conversation with his mother, Angela Petrelli, and Peter. Nathan suspects Angela of being the "Rebel" but she dismisses it, claiming she would never betray Nathan and she is in full support of his agency. Nathan tries to convince Peter to come back with him so he can be safely arrested. Peter disagrees after Nathan won't say he does it because he loves Peter. Peter reabsorbs Nathan's ability and flies away to safety. Nathan wants to go after his brother but is stopped by Angela. She tells Nathan she's dreamed of the future again, telling him "the game has changed" and that he "needs to be ready." She then whispers something to Nathan, after which it shows Nathan looking off in apparent awe.
Peter goes ahead and sends the video to news stations. Seeing it on the news that night, Danko straps Matt to a vest of bombs (fulfilling one of his paintings), drugs him and dumps him in the middle of Washington D.C. in order to make people "understand" that people with abilities are terrorists by presumably detonating the bomb Matt's attached to.
Meanwhile, Sylar and Luke Campbell continue their drive as Sylar searches for his father. They stop at an abandoned, boarded up diner, where Sylar has several flashbacks pertaining to his childhood. He remembers spotting a man and his father exchanging money prior to his father's immediate departure. In his memory, young Sylar chases his father outside of the restaurant and witnesses his father murder his mother in their car using telekinesis to cut her forehead, much like Sylar's own weapon of choice. After his flashback ends, Sylar vows to gain revenge on his father and demands that Luke return home to his mother.
Claire Bennet has continued to hide Alex Woolsley from Danko's men and the operation. Claire keeps him in her closet at first but then when her mother Sandra finds him she concedes that she is protecting him. At first Sandra is angry and disappointed, but she then offers to help Alex escape. She says that there is a van outside watching the house and then makes a fake ID for Alex. Later, Claire talks with her mother. Claire apologizes for dragging her mother into this, and asks her whether she and Noah are going to get a divorce. Sandra assures her she is not the reason they are having issues, and says she doesn't know yet. Claire and Alex also share a brief moment, wondering if things were different they might go out. Sandra then distracts the people watching the house, allowing Claire and Alex to escape out the back. After being chased, they hide in a pool to avoid being seen. While in the pool, Alex gives her mouth-to-mouth for oxygen, resulting in a kiss. At the end of the episode, Eric Doyle comes to Claire saying that Rebel has told him that Claire will help him.
In graphic novels, it is explained that at the same time Peter and Matt enter Building 26 to find Daphne, the 'Rebel' team is looking for Micah's family there too. In his way out, Peter even meets West Rosen, but they ignore each other and continue their respective missions.
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a C-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 5.8 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="21442289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442289" title="Jeff Parker (musician)">
Jeff Parker (musician)

Jeff Parker (born April 4, 1967) is an American jazz and rock guitarist based in Los Angeles. Parker is best known as an experimental musician, working with avant-garde electronic, rock, and improvisational groups.
Parker currently plays guitar in the post-rock group Tortoise and also played with the ensembles Isotope 217 and the Chicago Underground Trio in the 1990s and early 2000s. He has also worked with the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians, as well as with jazz musicians such as Ted Sirota, Ernest Dawkins and George Lewis . He released his first solo album in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21442316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442316" title="John Jones (American football)">
John Jones (American football)

John Jones (born April 4, 1975 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League. He attended the University of Pittsburgh. He would play tight end with the Baltimore Ravens from 2000 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21442322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442322" title="Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences">
Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences

Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences (), formerly Institute of Oriental Studies of the USSR Academy of Sciences, is Russia's (and, formerly, Soviet Union's) leading research institution for the study of the countries and cultures of Asia and North Africa. The institute is located in Moscow, and formerly in Saint Petersburg, but in 2007 the Saint Petersburg branch was reorganized into a separate Institute of Oriental Manuscripts.
History.
The Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS) has a long history, starting from November, 1818, when an Asiatic Museum under the Imperial Academy of Sciences was set up in St. Petersburg. From the very beginning of its activity the Asian Museum simultaneously performed a number of functions: cultural, educational and scientific. It was a depository of oriental manuscripts, a museum with exposition for visitors, a scientific and organizing center for oriental studies as well as a library for scientific work.
At the beginning of the 20th century, by the 100th anniversary of its foundation, the Asian Museum became a major Oriental center with a remarkable collection of manuscripts in 45 oriental languages and a rich library. In 1929-30 the Oriental Department of the Academy of Sciences was reorganized, and the Institute of Oriental Studies was created on the basis of the Museum under the Academy of Sciences of the USSR. In 1950 the Institute was transferred to Moscow. A number of structural changes at the end of the 1950s transformed the Institute into a center of oriental studies, the largest one in the USSR.
Nowadays, the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences is a leading research center in Russia where history and culture, economics and politics, languages and literature of the countries of Asia and North Africa are studied. The chronology covers all periods of the history of the Orient - from antiquity to the present day. About 500 experts work there. Most scientific centers and departments of the Institute conduct research of certain countries and regions (e.g., Center for Arab Studies, Center for Japanese Studies, Center for the Indian Studies, etc.). A number of departments conduct research of the most relevant problems of the Orient (in particular, the Center for Energy and Transport Studies, etc.). The Institute’s depositories contain invaluable collections of ancient books and manuscripts, and the library’s collection exceeds one million volumes. Publishing, expeditionary, educational and humanitarian activities of the Institute of Oriental Studies, on the international level as well, make this academic structure a unique phenomenon in scientific, cultural and social life of modern Russia.
Today over 100 Russian post-graduate students from Moscow and other cities of Russia as well as from foreign countries are trained here. Over 60 doctors and candidates of science perform theses advising of post-graduate students. Those post-graduate students and post-PhD. students who have defended their theses get state diplomas with international recognition. A number of agreements on scientific exchange of post-graduate students were signed with many countries of the world.
The organization and holding of various conferences take a peculiar place in scientific exchange, academic discussions, in cultural, international and social life of the Institute. The following conferences of the Institute are held on constant basis: “Rerikhovskie chteniya” (Roerich’s Readings) on historical, cultural and religious problems of countries of Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent; Problems of modern Iran; The society and state in China; Annual conference of Arabists; Australia and Oceania: history and modernity; Russia and the Orient: problems of interaction, etc. In 2004 the Institute of Oriental Studies organized the International Congress of Asian and North African Studies (ICANAS XXXVII).
The members of the Institute regularly take part in a number of prestigious international conferences, congresses, symposia and ”round tables” including the Permanent International Altaistic Conference (PIAC), the International Congress of Mongolists, the International Congresses of the Turkish Historical Society and of Turkish Linguistic Society, International Congresses of Sanskritologists, of Sinologists, etc. The Institute develops traditional contacts with the Indian Council for Social Sciences Researches and with some universities of India, with the International Association for Mongol Studies as well as with the scientific and non-governmental organization of Arab countries (e.g. ALECSO).
Scientific expeditions have always been an impressive component of oriental studies in Russia. Since the foundation of Russian Academy of Sciences its expeditions have been of a wide-ranging character. Nowadays the Institute of Oriental Studies continues this tradition: scientific analysis of archeological artifacts, ethnographic, linguistic, folkloric and written materials, of heritage of spiritual culture is carried out in inseparable linking with each other. The Institute is the base for performing the long-term comprehensive expeditions.
The Institute publishes the following periodical editions: journals "Southeast Asia: current problems of development", “Eastern Archives,” “Epigraphics of the Orient,” a year-book “Japan,” “Altaica” and “Irano-Slavica.” The journal “Vostok/Oriens” for specialists and magazine “Asia and Africa Today” for general public are issued together with the Institute of Africa of the RAS. All of them are published on an ongoing basis and based on the annual scientific conferences. Also the Institute has an Internet-journal "New Eastern Outlook" (www.journal-neo.com), which consider the processes, events and phenomena occurring in all regions of the planet in terms of their relation with the interests of the Eastern world. Among the authors and readers of the journal there are policy makers and experts, government officials, military officers, journalists and religious figures, representatives of private businesses and economists, political scientists and scholars.
The Institute is making a big contribution to the preparation of new specialists. The Institute founded the Oriental University (www.orun.ru), which trains experts in regional studies, Orientalists of high professional skill for scientific and teaching work, public service, to work at international organizations and commercial enterprises, etc. The programs of training, textbooks and original methods have been worked out by the scholars of the Institute of Oriental Studies.
A specific character of the Institute’s activity comprises a wide range of international contacts. At present its international cooperation with foreign colleagues and partners is performed in various forms and ways.
Partnerships in international programs of scientific cooperation, research projects and publishing programs, representation in academic institutions of near and distant foreign countries, participation in international expeditions, conferences and seminars, teaching activity abroad in the sphere of Orientalism, training courses of members of the Institute at foreign universities and visits of trainers from abroad, membership in international Oriental associations and in societies of business, cultural and humanitarian cooperation – this is not a complete list of the forms of the Institute’s participation in the scientific and cultural spheres of the modern world.
Scientific contacts of the Institute with Turkey, India, Egypt, Japan, Iran, China and other countries develop on a constant basis.
A high level and effectiveness of Institute's joint activity with foreign partners are predetermined by its strategy adequate to the requirements of the modern time and by the policy of uniting the applied and fundamental studies.
The direct participation of the Institute in public and cultural life of Russia and in its contacts with the external world has given a deserved reputation to the Institute – both in the country and abroad. Today the Institute of Oriental Studies of the RAS is not only an academic structure but also a brilliant example of a cultural dialogue between various countries, regions, ethnic groups and confessions in the modern world.
Many scientists of the Institute are awarded high honors, both Russian and foreign, honorary degrees and awards for outstanding achievements in various fields of Oriental studies, and also for contributing to the development of national and international science, public relations, the strengthening of international scientific contacts and other services.
The scientists of the Institute conduct research on various topics, such as "Comprehensive study of ethnogenesis, ethnic and cultural image of the people, contemporary ethnic processes, historical and cultural cooperation in Eurasia", "Studying the historical roots of terrorism, monitoring of xenophobia and extremism in Russian society, anthropology of extreme groups and subcultures, an analysis of the complex ethnic and religious factors in the local and global processes of the past and present", "Problems of the theory of historical process, summarizing the experience of social transformation and social potential of the history", "The evolution of human societies and civilizations: the man in the history and the history of everyday life. Retrospective analysis of forms and contents of relations between the authorities and society", "Study of the spiritual and aesthetic values of national and world literature and folklore", "Genesis and the interaction of social, cultural and linguistic communities", "The historical experience of social transformation and conflict" and others.
Structure.
The institute currently includes such research divisions as: 

</doc>
<doc id="21442346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442346" title="Kinglake West, Victoria">
Kinglake West, Victoria

Kinglake West is a town in central Victoria, Australia. The town is located north-east of the state capital, Melbourne. Its local government area is the City of Whittlesea and the Shires of Murrindindi and Nillumbik. At the 2011 Census, Kinglake West had a population of 1,066.
The town was substantially damaged in the Black Saturday bushfires, including 10 fatalities.
Kinglake West Post Office opened around 1902 and burnt down on 7 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21442351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442351" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 133">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 133

The 133rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up parts of Lehigh County and Northampton County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21442370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442370" title="Hôtel des Monnaies">
Hôtel des Monnaies

Hôtel des Monnaies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21442378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442378" title="Mike Leblanc">
Mike Leblanc

Mike Leblanc was the bassist and vocalist for the Chicago, United States, Indie-rock group The Hush Sound during the band's "Dance Across the Country Tour" in April, May, and June 2008. Leblanc joined the band after original bassist Chris Faller decided to leave to pursue other musical interest. He was formerly a drummer for the band Dead Letter Dept. (formerly known as The Stiffs) which broke up in 2008, as well as the short lived Chicago based group Till This Day.

</doc>
<doc id="21442390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442390" title="Public School No. 25">
Public School No. 25

Public School No. 25, also known as Captain Henry Fleete School, named for one of the earliest and most influential colonizers of Maryland, Henry Fleete Sr., and Primary School No. 25, is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a late Victorian brick structure with an imposing Romanesque tower. It is a two-story, brick structure with a ground-level basement and features a central three-story tower capped by a pyramidal roof. It served a school for nearly 75 years.
Public School No. 25 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21442391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442391" title="Effects of long-term benzodiazepine use">
Effects of long-term benzodiazepine use

The effects of long-term benzodiazepine use include drug dependence as well as the possibility of adverse effects on cognitive function, physical health, and mental health. There are significant risks associated with the long-term use of benzodiazepines. However, not all people experience problems associated with the long-term use of benzodiazepines. There is evidence that reduction or withdrawal from benzodiazepines can lead to a reduction in anxiety symptoms, while other's anxiety or panic respond only to benzodiazepine treatment. There are a number of side-effects associated with addiction to benzodiazepines such as depression and flu-like symptoms, nonetheless occurring in only a small amount of people. Due to these increasing physical and mental symptoms from long-term use of benzodiazepines, slowly withdrawing from benzodiazepines is recommended for many long-term users, while others benefit from lifelong benzodiazepine treatment and develop neither tolerance nor side effects.
Some of the symptoms that could possibly occur as a result of long-term use of benzodiazepines include emotional clouding, nausea, headaches, dizziness, irritability, lethargy, sleep problems, memory impairment, personality changes, aggression, depression, social deterioration as well as employment difficulties, while others never have any side effects from long term benzodiazepine use. The side effects of long term benzodiazepine use are not common if used as directed. Like any other chemical or medicine, one should never abruptly stop using this medicine and should wean themself down to a lower dose under doctor supervision until they are completely off the chemical, if desired. While benzodiazepines are highly effective in the short term, adverse effects in some people associated with long-term use including impaired cognitive abilities, memory problems, mood swings, overdoses when combined with other drugs may make the risk-benefit ratio unfavourable, while others experience no ill effects. In addition, benzodiazepines have reinforcing properties in some individuals and thus are considered to be addictive drugs especially in individuals that have a "drug-seeking" behavior; in addition, a physical dependence can develop after a few weeks or months of use, which is not a problem as one slowly lowers their dose. Many of these adverse effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines begin to show improvements three to six months after withdrawal.
Other concerns about the effects of long-term benzodiazepine use, in some, include dose escalation, benzodiazepine abuse, tolerance and benzodiazepine dependence and benzodiazepine withdrawal problems. Both physiological tolerance and dependence can lead to a worsening of the adverse effects of benzodiazepines. Increased risk of death has been associated with long-term use of benzodiazepines in several studies, however, other studies have not found increased mortality. Due to conflicting findings in studies regarding benzodiazepines and increased risks of death including from cancer, further research in long-term use of benzodiazepines and mortality risk has been recommended. Most of the research has been conducted in prescribed users of benzodiazepines; even less is known about the mortality risk of illicit benzodiazepine users. The long-term use of benzodiazepines is controversial and has generated significant controversy within the medical profession. Views on the nature and severity of problems with long-term use of benzodiazepines differ from expert to expert and even from country to country; some experts even question whether there is any problem with the long-term use of benzodiazepines. Political controversy, in particular in the UK, also surrounds the long-term use of benzodiazepines, and was subject to the largest class-action lawsuit in the 1980s and 1990s. There have also been allegations of a cover-up by medical bureaucracies and the government.
Symptoms.
Effects of long-term benzodiazepine use may include disinhibition, impaired concentration and memory, depression, as well as sexual dysfunction. The long-term effects of benzodiazepines may differ from the adverse effects seen after acute administration of benzodiazepines. An analysis of cancer patients found that those who took tranquillisers or sleeping tablets had a substantially poorer quality of life on all measurements conducted, as well as a worse clinical picture of symptomatology. Worsening of symptoms such as fatigue, insomnia, pain, dyspnea and constipation was found when compared against those who did not take tranquillisers or sleeping tablets. Most individuals who successfully discontinue hypnotic therapy after a gradual taper and do not take benzodiazepines for 6 months have less severe sleep and anxiety problems, are less distressed and have a general feeling of improved health at 6 month follow up. The use of benzodiazepines for the treatment of anxiety has been found to lead to a significant increase in healthcare costs due to accidents and other adverse effects associated with the long-term use of benzodiazepines.
Cognitive status.
Long-term benzodiazepine use can lead to a generalised impairment of cognition, including sustained attention, verbal learning and memory and psychomotor, visuo-motor and visuo-conceptual abilities. These effects on cognition exist, although their impact on patient's daily functioning is in most but not all cases insignificant. Transient changes in the brain have been found using neuroimaging studies, but no brain abnormalities have been found in patients treated long term with benzodiazepines. When benzodiazepine users cease long-term benzodiazepine therapy, their cognitive function improves in the first six months, although deficits may be permanent or take longer than six months to return to baseline. In the elderly, long-term benzodiazepine therapy is a risk factor for amplifying cognitive decline, although gradual withdrawal is associated with improved cognitive status. A study of alprazolam found that 8 weeks administration of alprazolam resulted in persisting deficits still detectable several weeks later.
Effect on sleep.
Sleep architecture can be adversely affected by benzodiazepine dependence. Possible adverse effects on sleep include induction or worsening of sleep disordered breathing. Long-term use is associated with increased alpha and beta activity, a decrease in K complexes and delta activity. There is also a decrease in stage 1 NREM, NREM stage 3 and 4 sleep and REM sleep as well as a decrease in REM sleep eye movements.
Mental and physical health.
Long-term benzodiazepine use may lead to the creation or exacerbation of physical and mental health conditions, which improve after 6 or more months of abstinence. After a period of about 3 to 6 months of abstinence after completion of a gradual-reduction regime, marked improvements in mental and physical wellbeing become apparent. For example, one study of hypnotic users gradually withdrawn from their hypnotic medication reported after 6 months of abstinence that they had less severe sleep and anxiety problems, were less distressed, and had a general feeling of improved health. Those having remained on hypnotic medication had no improvements in their insomnia, anxiety, or general health ratings. A study found that individuals having withdrawn from benzodiazepines showed a marked reduction in use of medical and mental health services.
Approximately half of patients attending mental health services for conditions including anxiety disorders such as panic disorder or social phobia may be the result of alcohol or benzodiazepine dependence. Sometimes anxiety disorders pre-existed alcohol or benzodiazepine dependence but the alcohol or benzodiazepine dependence often act to keep the anxiety disorders going and often progressively making them worse. Many people who are addicted to alcohol or prescribed benzodiazepines when it is explained to them they have a choice between ongoing ill mental health or quitting and recovering from their symptoms decide on quitting alcohol and or their benzodiazepines. It was noted that every individual has an individual sensitivity level to alcohol or sedative hypnotic drugs and what one person can tolerate without ill health another will suffer very ill health and that even moderate drinking in sensitive individuals can cause rebound anxiety syndromes and sleep disorders. A person who is suffering the toxic effects of alcohol or benzodiazepines will not benefit from other therapies or medications as they do not address the root cause of the symptoms. Recovery from benzodiazepine dependence tends to take a lot longer than recovery from alcohol but people can regain their previous good health. A review of the literature regarding benzodiazepine hypnotic drugs concluded that these drugs cause an unjustifiable risk to the individual and to public health. The risks include dependence, accidents and other adverse effects. Gradual discontinuation of hypnotics leads to improved health without worsening of sleep.
There is some evidence that long-term use of benzodiazepines is associated with an increased risk of impulsive, aggressive, and violent behaviour. A study showed that 53% of long-term benzodiazepine users showed violent characteristics, whereas only 5.3% of patients receiving psychotherapy developed violent or aggressive behavioural patterns, though controlled studies are needed to confirm this data. Daily users of benzodiazepines are also at a higher risk of experiencing psychotic symptomatology such as delusions and hallucinations. A study found that of 42 patients treated with alprazolam, up to a third of long-term users of the benzodiazepine drug alprazolam (Xanax) develop depression. Studies have shown that long-term use of benzodiazepines and the benzodiazepine receptor agonist nonbenzodiazepine Z drugs are associated with causing depression as well as a markedly raised suicide risk and an overall increased mortality risk.
A study of 50 patients who attended a benzodiazepine withdrawal clinic found that long-term use of benzodiazepines causes a wide range of psychological and physiological disorders. It was found that, after several years of chronic benzodiazepine use, a large portion of patients developed various mental and physical health problems including agoraphobia, irritable bowel syndrome, paraesthesiae, increasing anxiety, and panic attacks, which were not preexisting. The mental health and physical health symptoms induced by long-term benzodiazepine use gradually improved significantly over a period of a year following completion of a slow withdrawal. Three of the 50 patients had wrongly been given a preliminary diagnosis of multiple sclerosis when the symptoms were actually due to chronic benzodiazepine use. Ten of the patients had taken drug overdoses whilst on benzodiazepines, despite the fact that only two of the patients had any prior history of depressive symptomatology. After withdrawal, no patients took any further overdoses after 1 year post-withdrawal. The cause of the deteriorating mental and physical health in a significant proportion of patients was hypothesised to be caused by increasing tolerance where withdrawal type symptoms emerged, despite the administration of stable prescribed doses. Another theory is that chronic benzodiazepine use causes subtle increasing toxicity, which in turn leads to increasing psychopathology in long-term users of benzodiazepines.
Long-term use of benzodiazepines can induce perceptual disturbances and depersonalisation in some people, even in those taking a stable daily dosage, and it can also become a protracted withdrawal feature of the benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome.
In addition, chronic use of benzodiazepines is a risk factor for blepharospasm. Drug-induced symptoms that resemble withdrawal-like effects can occur on a set dosage as a result of prolonged use, also documented with barbiturate-like substances, as well as alcohol and benzodiazepines. This demonstrates that the effects from chronic use of benzodiazepine drugs is not unique but occurs with other GABAergic sedative hypnotic drugs, i.e., alcohol and barbiturates.
Immune system.
Chronic use of benzodiazepines seemed to cause significant immunological disorders in a study of selected outpatients attending a psychopharmacology department. Diazepam and clonazepam have been found to have long-lasting, but not permanent, immunotoxic effects in the fetus of pregnant rats. However, single very high doses of diazepam have been found to cause lifelong immunosuppression in neonatal rats. No studies have been done to assess the immunotoxic effects of diazepam in humans; however, high prescribed doses of diazepam, in humans, has been found to be a major risk of pneumonia, based on a study of people with tetanus. It has been proposed that diazepam may cause long-lasting changes to the GABAA receptors with resultant long-lasting disturbances to behaviour, endocrine function and immune function
Suicide and self-harm.
Because benzodiazepines in general may be associated with increased suicide risk, care should be taken when prescribing especially to at risk patients. Depressed adolescents who were taking benzodiazepines were found to have a greatly increased risk of self-harm or suicide, although the sample size was small. The effects of benzodiazepines in individuals under the age of 18 requires further research. Additional caution is required in using benzodiazepines in depressed adolescents. Benzodiazepine dependence often results in an increasingly deteriorating clinical picture, which includes social deterioration leading to comorbid alcoholism and drug abuse. Suicide is a common outcome of chronic benzodiazepine dependence. Benzodiazepine misuse or misuse of other CNS depressants increases the risk of suicide in drug misusers. 11% of males and 23% of females with a sedative hypnotic misuse habit commit suicide.
Carcinogenicity.
There has been some controversy around the possible link between benzodiazepine use and development of cancer; early cohort studies in the 1980s suggested a possible link, but follow-up case-control studies have found no link between benzodiazepines and cancer. In the second U.S. national cancer study in 1982, the American Cancer Society conducted a survey of over 1.1 million participants. A marked increased risk of cancer was found in the users of sleeping pills, mainly benzodiazepines. There have been 15 epidemiologic studies that have suggested that benzodiazepine or nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic drug use is associated with increased mortality, mainly due to increased cancer deaths in humans. The cancers included cancer of the brain, lung, bowel, breast, and bladder, and other neoplasms. It has been hypothesised that either depressed immune function or the viral infections themselves were the cause of the increased rates of cancer. While initially U.S. Food and Drug Administration reviewers expressed concerns about approving the nonbenzodiazepine Z drugs due to concerns of cancer, ultimately they changed their minds and approved the drugs. A recent case-control study, however, found no link between use of benzodiazepines and cancers of the breast, lung, large bowel, lung, uterine lining, ovaries, testes, thyroid, liver, or Hodgkin's Disease, melanoma, or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. More specific case-control studies since 2000 have shown no link between benzodiazepine use and breast cancer. One study found an association between self-reported benzodiazepine use and development of ovarian cancer, whereas another study found no relationship.
Brain damage speculation.
In a study in 1980 in a group of 55 consecutively admitted patients having abused exclusively sedatives or hypnotics, neuropsychological performance was significantly lower and signs of intellectual impairment significantly more often diagnosed than in a matched control group taken from the general population. These results suggested a relationship between abuse of sedatives or hypnotics and cerebral disorder.
A publication has asked in 1981 if lorazepam is more toxic than diazepam.
In a study in 1984, 20 patients having taken long-term benzodiazepines were submitted to brain CT scan examinations. Some scans appeared abnormal. The mean ventricular-brain ratio measured by planimetry was increased over mean values in an age- and sex-matched group of control subjects but was less than that in a group of alcoholics. There was no significant relationship between CT scan appearances and the duration of benzodiazepine therapy. The clinical significance of the findings was unclear.
In 1986, it was presumed that permanent brain damage may result from chronic use of benzodiazepines similar to alcohol-related brain damage.
In 1987, 17 high-dose inpatient abusers of benzodiazepines have anecdotally shown enlarged cerebrospinal fluid spaces with associated brain shrinkage.
Brain shrinkage reportedly appeared to be dose dependent with low-dose users having less brain shrinkage than higher-dose users.
However, a CT study in 1987 found no evidence of brain shrinkage in prescribed benzodiazepine users.
In 1989, in a 4- to 6-year follow-up study of 30 inpatient benzodiazepine abusers, Neuropsychological function was found to be permanently affected in some chronic high-dose abusers of benzodiazepines . Brain damage similar to alcoholic brain damage was observed. The CT scan abnormalities showed dilatation of the ventricular system. However, unlike alcoholics, sedative hypnotic abusers showed no evidence of widened cortical sulci. The study concluded that, when cerebral disorder is diagnosed in sedative hypnotic benzodiazepine abusers, it is often permanent.
A CT study in 1993 investigated brain damage in benzodiazepine users and found no overall differences to a healthy control group.
A study in 2000 found that long-term benzodiazepine therapy does not result in brain abnormalities.
Withdrawal from high-dose abuse of nitrazepam anecdotally was alleged in 2001 to have caused severe shock of the whole brain with diffuse slow activity on EEG in one patient after 25 years of abuse. After withdrawal, abnormalities in hypofrontal brain wave patterns persisted beyond the withdrawal syndrome, which suggested to the authors that organic brain damage occurred from chronic high-dose abuse of nitrazepam.
Professor Ashton, a leading expert on benzodiazepines from Newcastle University Institute of Neuroscience, has stated that there is no structural damage from benzodiazepines, and advocates for further research into long-lasting or possibly permanent symptoms of long-term use of benzodiazepines as of 1996. She has stated that she believes that the most likely explanation for lasting symptoms is persisting but slowly resolving functional changes at the GABAA benzodiazepine receptor level. Newer and more detailed brain scanning technologies such as PET scans and MRI scans had as of 2002 to her knowledge never been used to investigate the question of whether benzodiazepines cause functional or structural brain damage.
History.
Benzodiazepines when introduced in 1961 were widely believed to be safe drugs but as the decades went by increased awareness of adverse effects connected to their long-term use became known. There was initially widespread public approval but this was followed by widespread public disapproval and recommendations for more restrictive medical guidelines followed. Concerns regarding the long-term effects of benzodiazepines have been raised since 1980. These concerns are still not fully answered. A review in 2006 of the literature on use of benzodiazepine and nonbenzodiazepine hypnotics concluded that more research is needed to evaluate the long-term effects of hypnotic drugs. The majority of the problems of benzodiazepines are related to their long-term use rather than their short-term use. There is growing evidence of the harm of long-term use of benzodiazepines, especially at higher doses. In 2007 the Department of Health recommended that individuals on long-term benzodiazepines are monitored at least every 3 months and also recommends against long-term substitution therapy in benzodiazepine drug misusers due to a lack of evidence base for effectiveness and due to the risks of long-term use. The long-term effects of benzodiazepines are very similar to the long-term effects of alcohol (apart from organ toxicity) and other sedative-hypnotics. Withdrawal effects and dependence are almost identical. A report in 1987 by the Royal College of Psychiatrists in Great Britain reported that any benefits of long-term use of benzodiazepines are likely to be far outweighed by the risks of long-term use. Despite this benzodiazepines are still widely prescribed. The socioeconomic costs of the continued widespread prescribing of benzodiazepines is high.
Political controversy.
The Medical Research Council in 1980 recommended that research be conducted into the effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines A 2009 British Government parliamentary inquiry recommended that research into the long-term effects of benzodiazepines must be carried out. The view of the Department of Health is that they have made every effort to make doctors aware of the problems associated with the long-term use of benzodiazepines, as well as the dangers of benzodiazepine drug addiction.
In 1980, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency's Committee on the Safety of Medicines issued guidance restricting the use of benzodiazepines to short-term use and updated and strengthened these warnings in 1988. When asked by Phil Woolas in 1999 whether the Department of Health had any plans to conduct research into the long-term effects of benzodiazepines, the Department replied, saying they have no plans to do so, as benzodiazepines are already restricted to short-term use and monitored by regulatory bodies. In a House of Commons debate, Phil Woolas has claimed that there has been a cover-up with regard to the problems associated with benzodiazepines because they are of too large of a scale for governments, regulatory bodies, and the pharmaceutical industry to deal with. John Hutton stated in response that the Department of Health take the problems of benzodiazepines extremely seriously and are not sweeping the issue under the carpet. In 2010, the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Involuntary Tranquilliser Addiction filed a complaint with the Equality and Human Rights Commission under the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 against the Department of Health and the Department for Work and Pensions alleging discrimation against people with a benzodiazepine prescription drug dependence as a result of denial of specialised treatment services, exclusion from medical treatment, non-recognition of the protracted benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome, as well as denial of rehabilitation and back to work schemes. Additionally the APPGITA complaint alleged that there is a ""virtual prohibition"" on the collection of statistical information on benzodiazepines across government departments, whereas with other controlled drugs there are enormous volumes of statistical data. The complaint alleged that the discrimination is deliberate, large scale and that government departments are aware of what they are doing.
Declassified Medical Research Council meeting.
The Medical Research Council (UK) held a closed meeting among top UK medical doctors and representatives from the pharmaceutical industry between the dates of 30 October 1980 and 3 April 1981. The meeting was classified under the Public Records Act 1958 until 2014 but became available in 2005 as a result of the Freedom of Information Act. The meeting was called due to concerns that 10–100,000 people could be dependent; this estimate was later revised by the Chairman Professor Malcolm Lader, of the meeting to approximately half a million members of the British public were suspected of being dependent on therapeutic dose levels of benzodiazepines, about half of those on long-term benzodiazepines. It was reported that benzodiazepines may be the third- or fourth-largest drug problem in the UK (the largest being alcohol and tobacco). The Chairman of the meeting followed up after the meeting with additional information, which was forwarded to the Medical Research Council neuroscience board, raising concerns regarding tests that showed definite cortical atrophy in 2 of 14 individuals tested and borderline abnormality in five others. He felt that, due to the methodology used in assessing the scans, the abnormalities were likely an underestimate, and more refined techniques would be more accurate. Also discussed were findings that tolerance to benzodiazepines can be demonstrated by injecting diazepam into long-term users; in normal subjects, increases in growth hormone occurs, whereas in benzodiazepine-tolerant individuals this effect is blunted. Also raised were findings in animal studies that showed the development of tolerance in the form of a 15 percent reduction in binding capacity of benzodiazepines after seven days administration of high doses of the partial agonist benzodiazepine drug flurazepam and a 50 percent reduction in binding capacity after 30 days of a low dose of diazepam. The Chairman was concerned that papers soon to be published would ""stir the whole matter up"" and wanted to be able to say that the Medical Research Council ""had matters under consideration if questions were asked in parliament"". The Chairman felt that it ""was very important, politically that the MRC should be 'one step ahead'"" and recommended epidemiological studies be funded and carried out by Roche Pharmaceuticals and MRC sponsored research conducted into the biochemical effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines. The meeting aimed to identify issues that were likely to arise, alert the Department of Health to the scale of the problem and identify the pharmacology and nature of benzodiazepine dependence and the volume of benzodiazepines being prescribed. The World Health Organisation was also interested in the problem and it was felt the meeting would demonstrate to the WHO that the MRC was taking the issue seriously. Among the psychological effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines discussed was a reduced ability to cope with stress. The Chairman stated that the ""withdrawal symptoms from valium were much worse than many other drugs including, e.g., heroin"". It was stated that the likelihood of withdrawing from benzodiazepines was ""reduced enormously"" if benzodiazepines were prescribed for longer than four months. It was concluded that benzodiazepines are often prescribed inappropriately, for a wide range of conditions and situations. Dr Mason (DHSS) and Dr Moir (SHHD), felt it important to determine the effectiveness and toxicity of benzodiazepines due to the large numbers of people using benzodiazepines for long periods of time before deciding what regulatory action to take.
Controversy resulted in 2010 when the previously secret files came to light over the fact that the Medical Research Council was warned that benzodiazepines prescribed to millions of patients appeared to cause brain shrinkage similar to alcohol abuse in some patients and failed to carry out larger and more rigorous studies. "The Independent on Sunday" reported allegations that "scores" of the 1.5 million the UK public who use benzodiazepines long-term have symptoms that are consistent with brain damage. It has been described as a 'huge scandal' by Jim Dobbin, and legal experts and MPs have predicted a class action lawsuit. A solicitor said she was aware of the past failed litigation against the drug companies and the relevance the documents had to that court case and said it was strange that the documents were kept 'hidden' by the MRC.
Professor Lader, who chaired the MRC meeting, declined to speculate as to why the MRC declined to support his request to set up a unit to further research benzodiazepines and why they did not set up a special safety committee to look into these concerns. Professor Lader stated that he regrets not being more proactive on pursuing the issue, stating that he did not want to be labeled as the guy who pushed only issues with benzos. Professor Ashton also submitted proposals for grant-funded research using MRI, EEG, and cognitive testing in a ramdomised controlled trial to assess whether benzodiazepines have permanent damage to the brain, but similar to Professor Lader got turned down by the MRC.
The MRC spokesperson said they accept the conclusions of Professor Lader's research and said that they fund only research that meets required quality standards of scientific research, and stated that they were and continue to remain receptive to applications for research in this area. No explanation was reported for why the documents were sealed by the Public Records Act.
Jim Dobbin, who chairs the All-Party Parliamentary Group for Involuntary Tranquilliser Addiction, stated that:
"Many victims have lasting physical, cognitive and psychological problems even after they have withdrawn. We are seeking legal advice because we believe these documents are the bombshell they have been waiting for. The MRC must justify why there was no proper follow-up to Professor Lader's research, no safety committee, no study, nothing to further explore the results. We are talking about a huge scandal here."
The legal director of Action Against Medical Accidents said urgent research must be carried out and said that, if the results of larger studies confirm professor Lader's research, the government and MRC could be faced with one of the biggest group actions for damages the courts have ever seen given the large number of people potentially affected. People who report enduring symptoms post-withdrawal such as neurological pain, headaches, cognitive impairment, and memory loss have been left in the dark as to whether these symptoms are drug-induced damage or not due to the MRC's inaction, it was reported. Professor Lader reported that the results of his research did not surprise his research group given that it was already known that alcohol could cause permanent brain changes.
Class-action lawsuit.
Benzodiazepines have a unique history in that they were responsible for the largest-ever class-action lawsuit against drug manufacturers in the United Kingdom, in the 1980s and early 1990s, involving 14,000 patients and 1,800 law firms that alleged the manufacturers knew of the dependence potential but intentionally withheld this information from doctors. At the same time, 117 general practitioners and 50 health authorities were sued by patients to recover damages for the harmful effects of dependence and withdrawal. This led some doctors to require a signed consent form from their patients and to recommend that all patients be adequately warned of the risks of dependence and withdrawal before starting treatment with benzodiazepines. The court case against the drug manufacturers never reached a verdict; legal aid had been withdrawn, leading to the collapse of the trial, and there were allegations that the consultant psychiatrists, the expert witnesses, had a conflict of interest. This litigation led to changes in the British law, making class action lawsuits more difficult.
Special populations.
Neonatal effects.
Benzodiazepines have been found to cause teratogenic malformations. The literature concerning the safety of benzodiazepines in pregnancy is unclear and controversial. Initial concerns regarding benzodiazepines in pregnancy began with alarming findings in animals but these do not necessarily cross over to humans. Conflicting findings have been found in babies exposed to benzodiazepines. A recent analysis of the Swedish Medical Birth Register found an association with preterm births, low birth weight and a moderate increased risk for congental malformations. An increase in pylorostenosis or alimentary tract atresia was seen. An increase in orofacial clefts was not demonstrated however and it was concluded that benzodiazepines are not major teratogens.
Neurodevelopmental disorders and clinical symptoms are commonly found in babies exposed to benzodiazepines in utero. Benzodiazepine-exposed babies have a low birth weight but catch up to normal babies at an early age, but smaller head circumferences found in benzo babies persists. Other adverse effects of benzodiazepines taken during pregnancy are deviating neurodevelopmental and clinical symptoms including craniofacial anomalies, delayed development of pincer grasp, deviations in muscle tone and pattern of movements. Motor impairments in the babies are impeded for up to 1 year after birth. Gross motor development impairments take 18 months to return to normal but fine motor function impairments persist. In addition to the smaller head circumference found in benzodiazepine-exposed babies mental retardation, functional deficits, long-lasting behavioural anomalies, and lower intelligence occurs.
Benzodiazepines, like many other sedative hypnotic drugs causes apoptotic neuronal cell death. However, benzodiazepines do not cause as severe apoptosis to the developing brain as alcohol does. The prenatal toxicity of benzodiazepines is most likely due to their effects on neurotransmitter systems, cell membranes and protein synthesis. This however, is complicated in that neuropsychological or neuropsychiatric effects of benzodiazepines, if they occur, may not become apparent until later childhood or even adolescence. A review of the literature found data on long-term follow-up regarding neurobehavioural outcomes is very limited. However, a study was conducted that followed up 550 benzodiazepine-exposed children, which found that, overall, most children developed normally. There was a smaller subset of benzodiazepine-exposed children who were slower to develop, but by four years of age most of this subgroup of children had normalised. There were a small number benzodiazepine-exposed children who had continuing developmental abnormalities at 4-year follow-up, but it was not possible to conclude whether these deficits were the result of benzodiazepines or whether social and environmental factors explained the continuing deficits.
Concerns regarding whether benzodiazepines during pregnancy cause major malformations, in particular cleft palet have been hotly debated in the literature. A meta analysis of the data from cohort studies found no link but meta analysis of case control studies did find a significant increase in major malformations (however, the cohort studies were homogenous and the case control studies were heterogeneous, thus reducing the strength of the case control results). There have also been several reports that suggest that benzodiazepines have the potential to cause a syndrome similar to fetal alcohol syndrome, but this has been disputed by a number of studies. As a result of conflicting findings use of benzodiazepines during pregnancy is controversial. The best available evidence suggests that benzodiazepines are not a major cause of birth defects, i.e. major malformations or cleft lip or cleft palet.
Elderly.
Significant toxicity from benzodiazepines can occur in the elderly as a result of long-term use. Benzodiazepines, along with antihypertensives and drugs affecting the cholinergic system are the most common cause of drug-induced dementia affecting over 10 percent of patients attending memory clinics. Long-term use of benzodiazepines in the elderly can lead to a pharmacological syndrome with symptoms including drowsiness, ataxia, fatigue, confusion, weakness, dizziness, vertigo, syncope, reversible dementia, depression, impairment of intellect, psychomotor and sexual dysfunction, agitation, auditory and visual hallucinations, paranoid ideation, panic, delirium, depersonalisation, sleepwalking, aggressivity, orthostatic hypotension and insomnia. Depletion of certain neurotransmitters and cortisol levels and alterations in immune function and biological markers can also occur. Elderly individuals who have been long-term users of benzodiazepines have been found to have a higher incidence of post-operative confusion. Benzodiazepines have been associated with increased body sway in the elderly, which can potentially lead to fatal accidents including falls. Discontinuation of benzodiazepines leads to improvement in the balance of the body and also leads to improvements in cognitive functions in the elderly benzodiazepine hypnotic users without worsening of insomnia.
A review of the evidence has found that whilst long-term use of benzodiazepines impairs memory, its association with causing dementia is not clear and requires further research. A more recent study found that benzodiazepines are associated with an increased risk of dementia and it is recommended that benzodiazepines are avoided in the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="21442451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442451" title="Cymatium lotorium">
Cymatium lotorium

Cymatium lotorium is a species of predatory sea snail, a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons. 
Distribution.
This species of marine snail lives in the Indo-Pacific oceans.

</doc>
<doc id="21442452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442452" title="Hôtel des Monnaies, Paris">
Hôtel des Monnaies, Paris

The hôtel des Monnaies is an 18th-century building on the quai Conti in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. It has housed the Monnaie de Paris ever since its construction. The nearest Paris Metro station is Pont Neuf.
It is the masterwork of the architect Jacques Denis Antoine (1733–1801), who in 1765 beat Étienne-Louis Boullée and François Dominique Barreau de Chefdeville in a competition to design it. Though it was his first major civic project he shows a high level of ingenuity. The first stone was laid by abbé Terray on 30 April 1771. The riverside façade was completed in 1773 and the whole exterior and most of the interior by 1775. In 1776 the building won Antoine entrance to the Académie royale d'architecture. It is still considered a prime example of pre-Revolutionary French Neoclassical architecture.
The building is typified by its heavy external rustication and severe decorative treatment. It boasts one of the longest façades on the Seine; its appearance has been likened to the Italian palazzo tradition. The building, which housed mint workshops, administrative rooms, and residential quarters, wraps around a large interior courtyard. It remains open to the public and includes a numismatics museum, located within what was once the main foundry.

</doc>
<doc id="21442470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442470" title="Jacques Denis Antoine">
Jacques Denis Antoine

Jacques Denis Antoine (6 August 1733, Paris - 24 August 1801) was a French architect. His masterwork is the Hôtel des Monnaies in Paris, which gained him entrance to the Académie d'architecture in 1776. He is also known for his work for privat castle, like the Château of Buisson de May, in Normandy made from 1781 to 1783 just before the french revolution. His favourite style was the neoclassic architecture. 

</doc>
<doc id="21442481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442481" title="2009 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
2009 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Tomáš Berdych and Dmitry Tursunov are the defending champions. They are both present but do not compete together.
Berdych partners with Jürgen Melzer, but lost in the semifinals to Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić.
Tursunov partnered with Gilles Simon, but lost in the first round to Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić.

</doc>
<doc id="21442490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442490" title="Ibn Marwan Mosque">
Ibn Marwan Mosque

The Ibn Marwan Mosque (, transl: "Jami' Ibn Marwan") is a Mamluk-era mosque in Gaza in the midst of a cemetery in the Tuffah neighborhood, relatively isolated from the rest of the city. Inside is the tomb of a holy man named Sheikh Ali ibn Marwan who belonged to the Hasani family. The Hasani family came from Morocco and settled in Gaza where Ibn Marwan died in 1314 CE. The cemetery is also named after Ibn Marwan. The mosque itself was built in 1324. The Ibn Marwan Mosque contains an oratory and the stones of the tombs in the adjacent cemetery are believed to contain historical inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="21442496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442496" title="George Golding">
George Golding

George Augustus Golding (6 May 1906 – 30 August 1999) was an Australian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Forbes, New South Wales. He was the husband of Clare Dennis.
In 1932 he finished sixth the 400 metres event. In the 400 metre hurdles competition he was eliminated in the semi-finals.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the 440 yards contest. He also participated in the 220 yards event, in the 880 yards competition, and in the 440 yards hurdles contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21442501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442501" title="Christina Metaxa">
Christina Metaxa

Christina Metaxa (Χριστίνα Μεταξά), (born April 4, 1992) is a Cypriot singer-songwriter born in Limassol. Her brother Nikolas Metaxas, who is also is a singer, won second place in the Greek version of The X Factor; he is also the creator and composer of Christina's Eurovision entry.
She now attends Brown University, in Providence, Rhode Island.
Eurovision Song Contest.
Christina Metaxa was chosen by the public of Cyprus on 7 February 2009 with the song ""Firefly"" to represent the country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia. She competed in the second semifinal but missed out on the final.
Metaxa was the spokesperson for Cyprus, giving the islands voting results during the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 final in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="21442516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442516" title="Japan Festival">
Japan Festival

The Japan Festival, located in Houston, Texas is considered one of the largest Japanese festivals in the United States. Hosted by the Japan-America Society of Houston, typically in the month of April each year, the event can attract nearly 22,000 visitors in a single weekend. While the festival theme changes from year to year, the premise remains the same—to educate the citizens of Houston on the fundamental interests and facts of the land of Japan.
The Japan Festival is located in Hermann Park, typically adjacent to the Japanese Garden near downtown Houston. The festival itself was created by volunteers nearly 20 years ago and is still operated by a volunteer staff.
In 2009, the festival was awarded the title of "Best Festival" by the "Houston Press".
The 2011 festival will take place on Saturday April 10, and Sunday April 11.

</doc>
<doc id="21442530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442530" title="Barlow's formula">
Barlow's formula

Barlow's formula relates the internal pressure that a pipe can withstand to its dimensions and the strength of its material.
where
This formula figures prominently in the design of autoclaves and other pressure vessels.
The formula is named after Peter Barlow, an English mathematician.
Other formulations.
The design of a complex pressure containment system involves much more than the application of Barlow's formula. For almost all pressure vessels, the ASME code stipulates the requirements for design and testing.
The formula is also common in the pipeline industry to verify that pipe used for gathering, transmission, and distribution lines can safely withstand operating pressures. The safety factor is multiplied by the resulting pressure which gives the maximum operating pressure for the pipeline. This safety factor is dependent on class locations which are defined in DOT Part 192. There are four class locations corresponding to four safety factors:
External links.
http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx?c=ecfr&tpl=/ecfrbrowse/Title49/49cfr192_main_02.tpl

</doc>
<doc id="21442537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442537" title="John Miles discography">
John Miles discography

On this page you will find the complete discography of John Miles. Over the years he has released ten studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums and eighteen singles.

</doc>
<doc id="21442543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442543" title="Institute of Oriental Studies">
Institute of Oriental Studies

Institute of Oriental Studies, sometimes also rendered as Institute of (or for) Orientalism may refer to a number of research and education institutions worldwide in the field of Oriental studies:

</doc>
<doc id="21442557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442557" title="Paca Street Firehouse">
Paca Street Firehouse

Paca Street Firehouse, also known as Truck House No. 2, is a historic fire station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The architect of Paca Street Firehouse is John E. Lafferty. It is a 1909 two-story brick structure with a highly detailed stone Renaissance Revival façade. The principal space is a large room subdivided at the Paca Street end into offices. It is one of three early 20th century firehouses standing and is the only one to retain its original features, particularly in the interior.
Paca Street Firehouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21442564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442564" title="Acts of the 111th United States Congress">
Acts of the 111th United States Congress

The acts of the 111th United States Congress include all laws enacted and treaties ratified by the 111th United States Congress, which lasted from January 3, 2009 to January 3, 2011. Such acts include public and private laws, which were enacted after being passed by Congress and signed by the President. There were no overridden vetoes.
Summary of actions.
Of the statutes enacted by Congress, only the first was promulgated by President George W. Bush in the last week of his term. The remainder were signed by President Barack Obama. Only one was vetoed.
Public laws.
November 2010.
None

</doc>
<doc id="21442572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442572" title="Sari Molag">
Sari Molag

Sari Molag is a village of Himachal Pradesh, under Tehshil Jaisinghpur, Kangra district, India.

</doc>
<doc id="21442575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442575" title="Firefly (Christina Metaxa song)">
Firefly (Christina Metaxa song)

"Firefly" was the Cypriot entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, sung by Christina Metaxa. The song was composed by Metaxa's brother Nikolas Metaxas. A second version was made from the original version that won in Cyprus at the national final. The new version includes a higher key change (formerly in E major, now in F# major), some added parts and a more up-beat tempo.
It performed at the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 on 14 May 2009 but failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="21442579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442579" title="William Whyte (athlete)">
William Whyte (athlete)

William "Tickle" Miller Whyte (16 August 1903 – November 1964) was an Australian athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he finished ninth the 1500 metres event. In the 800 metre competition he was eliminated in the first round. At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 1 mile contest. He also participated in the 880 yards event.
He married Alma in November 1927, and they had one daughter, Fay Delores, born in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="21442591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442591" title="Samuel Ankama">
Samuel Ankama

Chief Samuel Ankama (born 27 October 1957 in Otshaandja, Oshana Region) is a Namibian politician, traditional leader, and educator. A member of SWAPO, Ankama has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 2005.
Career.
Ankama was an internal SWAPO activist beginning in the early 1980s. He was an Information Officer in various organizations, including the Council of Churches in Namibia and the SWAPO-affiliated National Union of Namibian Workers. In 1989, as Namibia's independence became closer, Ankama earned a bachelor's in education from the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. In 1992, Ankama became the first mayor of Oshakati. Ankama left that position in 1995 when he received a scholarship to study at the University of Warwick in England, where he graduated from in 1996 with a M.A. in language studies. In 2001, he received a Fulbright scholarship to study in the United States towards his Ph.D., which he earned in 2003 from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in literacy and culture. His Ph.D. dissertation was in indigenous Namibian languages in the national education system. From 2003-2005, Ankama worked in several senior positions at the University of Namibia's northern campus in Oshakati. In 2005, he was selected for the SWAPO's list for the National Assembly at the 54th slot and was elected to the 4th National Assembly. 
Prior to the 2009 elections, Ankama moved up to the 37th spot on SWAPO's electoral list. He was re-elected and appointed Deputy Minister of Works and Transport. In the Cabinet reshuffle following the fifth SWAPO congress in 2012, Chief Ankama swapped positions with Chief Kilus Nguvauva and is now the Deputy Minister of Fisheries and Marine Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="21442605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442605" title="Xiangzhong Yang">
Xiangzhong Yang

Professor Xiangzhong "Jerry" Yang () (July 1959 – 5 February, 2009) was a leading American biotechnology scientist, and stem cell research advocate. In 1999 he was credited with creating the first cloned farm animal in the United States – a cow called "Amy". 
Born and raised in Hebei, China, Yang emigrated to the United States in 1983 where he received his Ph.D and first research position at Cornell University. In 1996 he joined the faculty at the University of Connecticut, and in 2001, was appointed founding director of the University's Center for Regenerative Biology. 
In 1996 Yang was first diagnosed with salivary gland cancer, a condition that would eventually claim his life. On February 5, 2009 he died at the Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, aged 49.

</doc>
<doc id="21442609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442609" title="Munroe Scott">
Munroe Scott

Munroe Scott is a freelance writer living in Peterborough, Ontario. He was born in Ontario, and received a BA from Queen’s University and an MA degree from Cornell University. From 1950 to 1957 he worked as a writer for Crawley Films in Ottawa. Best known as the biographer of Dr. Robert Baird McClure, Scott has also written extensively for television, films, and the stage, and wrote the Sound & Light Show for Parliament Hill, 1984–93. His television writing includes two biographical programmes on Canadian prime ministers, "First Person Singular" (The Pearson Memoirs) and the series "One Canadian" (The Diefenbaker Memoirs).

</doc>
<doc id="21442615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442615" title="Arboretum de Saint Guillem">
Arboretum de Saint Guillem

The Arboretum de Sant Guillem (Saint Guillaume in French, 8 hectares) is an arboretum located in Le Tech, Prats-de-Mollo-la-Preste, Pyrénées-Orientales, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. The arboretum was created in 1958 and contains about fifty varieties of conifers and deciduous trees, once a nursery for the "Office National des Forêts" but still well-marked, with hiking trails throughout. 

</doc>
<doc id="21442621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442621" title="Sarah Cecilia Harrison">
Sarah Cecilia Harrison

Sarah Cecilia Harrison (1863–1941) was an Irish artist and the first woman to serve on Dublin City Council.
Harrison, who went by the name Cecilia, was born to an affluent family in Holywood, County Down. She was the great grand-niece of Henry Joy McCracken. When she was 10 her father died and the family relocated to London. She studied under Alphonse Legros at the Slade School of Fine Art from 1878 to 1885. She travelled widely on the continent as part of her studies.
In 1889 she moved to Dublin and established herself as one of Ireland's foremost portrait artists. She submitted 60 paintings to the Royal Hibernian Academy's annual exhibition and numerous other works to the Royal Academy in London during her career. She was an honorary academician of the Royal Ulster Academy of Fine Arts.
Harrison's brother was a supporter of Charles Stewart Parnell and a Member of Parliament for Tipperary. Harrison herself became the first female city councillor for Dublin Corporation in 1912. She campaigned to have Poor relief extended to the able-bodied unemployed and worked for women's rights.
She was closely involved in Hugh Lane's efforts to establish a gallery of modern art in Dublin. Following Lane's death on the "Lusitania" in 1915, she claimed that they had been engaged to be married. Her 1914 portrait of Lane is one of her best-known works. Harrison never married.
Harrison's artistic style is precise and realistic. There are examples of her work in the collections of the National Gallery of Ireland, the Hugh Lane Gallery, the Office of Public Works, the Scottish National Portrait Gallery and the Ulster Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21442636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442636" title="2006 Internazionali BNL d'Italia – Women's Singles">
2006 Internazionali BNL d'Italia – Women's Singles

Amélie Mauresmo was the defending champion.
Martina Hingis won in the final 6–2, 7–5 against Dinara Safina.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. Champion seeds are shown in bold while text in italics indicates the round in which seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21442641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442641" title="List of forestry universities and colleges">
List of forestry universities and colleges

This is a list of tertiary educational institutions around the world offering bachelor's, master's or doctoral degrees in forestry or related fields. Where noted, the country's accreditation board standard has been used and cited. Grouped by continent.
"(For educational institutions with one- or two-year Forestry Technician or professional certificate programs see: List of forestry technical schools.)"
Asia.
Pakistan.
Agricultural Research Institute, Quetta

</doc>
<doc id="21442647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442647" title="Priory Bay">
Priory Bay

Priory Bay is a small privately owned bay on the north east coast of the Isle of Wight, England. It lies to the east of the village of Nettlestone. It faces east towards Selsey Bill and its shoreline is 600m in length. It stretches from Horestone Point in the north to Nodes Point in the south.
The northern part of the bay has a straight coastline and is sandy with some pebbles. At the southern end the bay curves round to the east. Here the coast is rocky with evidence of walls and buttresses that were built to protect the coastline. These have largely been breached and lie scattered along the shore.
The bay is surrounded by woodland known as Priory Woods owned by the National Trust.
The sea bottom is predominantly sandy. A shallow sand bank called Gull Bank exists just offshore which keeps a long thin pool of water next to the beach at low tide. Beyond the bank the bottom is gently shelving.
The bay can be accessed by walking round Horestone Point from Seagrove Bay

</doc>
<doc id="21442649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442649" title="François Dominique Barreau de Chefdeville">
François Dominique Barreau de Chefdeville

François Dominique Barreau de Chefdeville (1725 – 29 June 1765) was a French architect.
Life.
From a good middle-class Paris family, Bareau de Chefdeville studied architecture under Germain Boffrand and one first prize in the 1749 Prix de Rome for a "temple of peace, isolated, in the style of antique temples". He stayed in Rome from October 1751 to August 1753, at the same time as Pierre-Louis Moreau-Desproux, Pierre-Louis Helin, Marie-Joseph Peyre and Charles De Wailly, and from there visited Naples with the sculptor Augustin Pajou and the rest of Italy with the painter Silvestre le fils. Returning to Paris, he got to know Ange Laurent Lalive de Jully (1725-1779), announcer of ambassadors and close to Madame de Pompadour. Pompadour wished to return to forms inspired by the antique and thus to renew the grand style of the reign of Louis XIV of France, in reaction against rococo. 
Barreau de Chefdeville died prematurely, at 40, and was replaced at the Palais-Bourbon by Antoine Matthieu Le Carpentier and at Bordeaux by Oudot de MacLaurin.

</doc>
<doc id="21442651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442651" title="List of Australian George Cross recipients">
List of Australian George Cross recipients

The George Cross (GC) is the highest civil decoration for heroism in the United Kingdom, a status it also holds, or has held, in several countries comprising the Commonwealth of Nations. The George Cross (Post-nominal letters "GC") is regarded as the civilian counterpart of the Victoria Cross, and is awarded to civilians for "acts of the greatest heroism" or to military personnel for actions that are not "in the face of the enemy" or for which purely military honours would not normally be granted. In an official radio broadcast on 23 September 1940, King George VI announced his decision to establish the awards of the GC and George Medal to recognise individual acts of bravery by the civilian population. The Royal Warrant that established the awards was published in the "London Gazette" on 31 January 1941. Australians received the GC under the Imperial honours system until the establishment of the Australian honours system in 1975, although Australians continued to receive Imperial awards until the late 1980s. The GC was replaced by a new award, the Cross of Valour, which was created by letters patent within the Commonwealth of Australia and its Territories on 14 February 1975. One further award of the GC, however, was granted after this date to Constable Michael Kenneth Pratt in 1978.
Between the first award of the GC to an Australian in 1942 and the final bestowal in 1978, 14 Australians were directly decorated with the medal. Of these, nine were awarded to military personnel and five to civilians. Eight of the medals were awarded posthumously. At the time of the institution of the GC, living recipients of the Empire Gallantry Medal automatically became recipients of the new award, and were required to return their previous medal; two Australians became GC holders through this method. In 1971, the British Government announced that living recipients of the Albert Medal and Edward Medal would be invited to exchange their medals for the GC, and henceforth formally become recipients of the latter award. The decision for such an action was the result of the decline in the status and significance of the two awards, leading recipients to feel they were not receiving the recognition they were due. Of the 27 Australian holders of the Albert Medal, six were living at the time and all opted to exchange their insignia for the GC. None of the eight Australians awarded the Edward Medal were alive in 1971, and thus no Australian became a recipient of the GC through this exchange. Including exchange awards, a total of 22 Australians were decorated with the GC.
Recipients.
Empire Gallantry Medal and Albert Medal exchanges.
EGM = This indicates a recipient of the Empire Gallantry Medal who exchanged the award for the George Cross.
AM = This indicates a recipient of the Albert Medal who exchanged the award for the George Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21442674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442674" title="Southern District Police Station">
Southern District Police Station

Southern District Police Station is a historic police station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a monumental Romanesque Revival steel-framed building faced in stone and brick constructed in 1896. The station is composed of a three-story cubic main block, a two-story rear ell, and two additions built in the 1950s that fill most of the remainder of the corner lot. 
The building remained in use by the Baltimore Police Department until the mid-1980s, when it was sold to a local non-profit group.
Southern District Police Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21442684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442684" title="Craig Symonds">
Craig Symonds

Craig Lee Symonds (born 31 December 1946, in Long Beach, California) is a retired professor and chairman of the history department at the United States Naval Academy. He is a distinguished historian of the American Civil War.
Early life and education.
The son of Lee and Virginia Symonds, Craig Symonds attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1967. Going on to graduate work, he obtained his M.A. in history at the University of Florida in 1969 with a thesis on "The defense of the southwestern frontier, 1784-1794: a study in governmental relations." He married Marylou Hayden on 17 January 1969 and the couple had one son. In 1971, Symonds joined the United States Naval Reserve, serving for three years until 1974 and raising to the grade of Lieutenant. While in the Navy, he served on the staff and faculty of the Naval War College. On his release from active duty, he returned to his graduate studies in history at the University of Florida, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1976 under the tutelage of Professor John K. Mahon with a dissertation on "Navalists and antinavalists: the naval policy debate in the United States, 1785-1827."
Academic career.
In 1976, the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland appointed Symonds assistant professor of history to succeed Professor E. B. Potter as a specialist in Naval history. He was subsequently promoted to associate professor in 1980 and professor of history in 1985. He served as chairman of the history department in 1988-1992 and appointed professor emeritus on his retirement in 2005. In 1994-1995, he was visiting lecturer at Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth, England. He returned to teach at the Naval Academy as The Class of 1957 Distinguished Professor of American Naval Heritage for 2011-12.

</doc>
<doc id="21442739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442739" title="A Woman Called Moses">
A Woman Called Moses

A Woman Called Moses is a television miniseries based on the life of Harriet Tubman, the escaped African American slave who helped to organize the Underground Railroad, and who led dozens of African Americans from enslavement in the Southern United States to freedom in the Northern states and Canada. Narrated by Orson Welles, the production was broadcast on the NBC television network on December 11 and 12 1978.
Tubman was portrayed by Emmy Award winner and Academy Award nominee Cicely Tyson.
Music.
The soundtrack music was by Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson and soul singer / composer Van McCoy contributed some music to the series.
Video releases.
The miniseries was first released on VHS on September 29, 1992, followed by a DVD release on February 3, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21442742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442742" title="2008 Ladies European Tour">
2008 Ladies European Tour

The 2008 Ladies European Tour was a series of golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world which took place from January through December 2008. The tournaments were sanctioned by the Ladies European Tour (LET).
The tour featured 28 official money events with prize money totalling more than €10.5 million, as well as the Women's World Cup of Golf and the European Ladies Golf Cup. Gwladys Nocera won the Order of Merit with earnings of €391,839.58, ahead of Helen Alfredsson, who finished second despite only having played in three events. Melissa Reid won Rookie of the Year honours, after finishing 12th in the Order of Merit.
Tournament results.
The table below shows the 2008 schedule. The numbers in brackets after the winners' names show the number of career wins they had on the Ladies European Tour up to and including that event. This is only shown for members of the tour.
Major championships in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="21442762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442762" title="Berkeley Geochronology Center">
Berkeley Geochronology Center

The Berkeley Geochronology Center (BGC) is a non-profit geochronology research institute in Berkeley, California. It was originally a research group in the laboratory of University of California Berkeley geophysicist and geochronologist Garniss Curtis, now professor emeritus. The group is now an independent scientific research institute directed by the geologist and geochronologist Paul Renne, Professor in Residence in the Department of Earth & Planetary Science at UC Berkeley.
History.
In 1985, Curtis, set to retire in 1989, moved the group from his lab at the University to the basement of the independent Institute for Human Origins (IHO), at the suggestion of American anthropologist F. Clark Howell. The geochronologists worked separately from the IHO, although IHO contained their bureaucratic infrastructure, until 1989 when they became officially known as the Institute for Human Origins Geochronology Center. In 1994 the group officially split from the IHO based on different viewpoints of their respective missions. 
Both Curtis and IHO founder, Donald Johanson, were known to have egos that might "clash", but Howell thought that bringing the two research groups together could benefit both. The IHO's mission included publicizing the anthropology of ancient human ancestors to the general public, and the geochronology scientists felt the anthropologists emphasized this at the expense of more basic science, while the paleoanthropologist felt the geochronologists were devoting too much research time and funding to general geology questions not related to the institute's primary mission. The anthropologists had more public recognition in the press, while the geochronologists were obtaining more scientific grant moneys and publishing more scientific papers. The split was acrimonious and garnered negative publicity for some of those involved from their peers in professional organizations, particularly as Gordon Getty, the single largest donor, and a board member of IHO, withdrew funding to the parent institute (IHO), while providing start-up moneys to the geochronology group.
Functions.
The Institute specializes in fundamental questions of the age of the earth, using state-of-the-art instrumentation to find the age of rocks that will answer questions about geology and geobiology in earth history. The institute is capable of performing gas extraction, and thermal ionization mass spectrometry analysis on rocks up to billions of years old using the techniques of argon–argon dating and uranium-lead dating. BGC also performs paleomagnetic analysis to establish correlating or independent ages from the fossilized magnetic fields. The staff includes research scientists specializing in various geological periods and areas, in addition to postdoctoral scholars and graduate students. Scientists at BGC have also been active in dating extraterrestrial materials such as meteorites.

</doc>
<doc id="21442792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442792" title="Danny Simpson (early footballer)">
Danny Simpson (early footballer)

Daniel "Danny" Simpson was an English footballer who scored 53 goals in 151 competitive games for Burslem Port Vale between 1896 and 1903. A centre-forward, he was twice the club's top-scorer, and scored the only goal of the 1898 Staffordshire Senior Cup final.
Playing career.
Simpson played for Tunstall Town, before joining Burslem Port Vale in February 1896, after a successful trial. He scored his first goal in the Second Division on 3 April 1896, in a 4–2 defeat to Newcastle United at St James' Park. He scored twice in 12 games in 1895–96, after which the club was demoted to the Midland League. He scored 14 goals in 1896–97 and 11 goals in 1897–98 to become the club's joint-top scorer in two consecutive seasons, along with Dick Evans. He also scored the only goal of the Staffordshire Senior Cup final on 5 March 1898.
He hit seven goals in 22 appearances in 1898–99, following the Vale's re-admittance into the Football League. He finished the 1899–1900 season with three goals in 19 games. He featured seven times in 1900–01, scoring three goals. After suffering from poor health, he turned up at a match with Chesterfield at Saltergate on 20 October at half-time, after missing his train.
Simpson got off to an excellent start to the 1901–02 campaign, finding the net in wins over Bristol City and Woolwich Arsenal at the Athletic Ground. He finished the season with 12 goals in 28 games. However he scored just once in six appearances in the 1902–03 season, and was released from his contract. In his nine seasons with the club he had played 151 matches (83 in the Football League) and scored 53 goals (23 in the Football League). His benefit match was held against rivals Stoke on 21 April 1900 – Stoke won the game 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="21442795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442795" title="St. Anne School (Laguna Niguel,CA)">
St. Anne School (Laguna Niguel,CA)

St. Anne School is a private and Roman Catholic school located in Laguna Niguel, California. Since 1992, St. Anne School has provided its students with "first rate academics, athletics, and spiritual growth."
History.
St. Anne School was founded as a Christian School in accordance with the Roman Catholic tradition in 1992 by a group of parents, clergy and community leaders serving children of all faiths in Pre-School through 8th grade.The original site was a leased parcel of land in Laguna Niguel situated with modular classrooms. Throughout the next three years St. Anne School experienced steady enrollment, and during the 1995 school year a committee of parents located and arranged for the purchase of of land in Laguna Niguel for the permanent home of St. Anne School.
Phase I opened on September 12, 1996. On September 14, 1998, Phase II, a multi-purpose building opened. This facility, called the Queen of Life Center, includes classrooms, a gymnasium, chapel, kitchen, stage, locker rooms, and offices. On September 15, 1999, Phase III, named Christ the King was occupied by the kindergarten through fourth grade students. The administrative offices and conference rooms are also a part of Phase III. The final phase, Mother Theresa Center, opened in March, 2000. Mother Theresa Center houses the Pre-School, Daycare Center, Library, Middle School, and specialty classrooms Art and Music. Now complete, St. Anne School's facility accommodates over 800 students in Pre-School through eighth grade.
Athletics.
St. Anne offers a wide variety of sports available for students in 4th-8th grade (Flag Football, Girls Volleyball, Boys Lacrosse, Softball, Coed Soccer, Girls/Boys Basketball, Boys Volleyball). St. Anne competes in the Parochial Athletic League (PAL). In 2007, St. Anne began its inaugural lacrosse team and has achieved success ever since.
Academics.
St. Anne School offers a vigorous academic course meant to challenge the minds of its students. At St. Anne, students are required to not only be model students, but good Christians as well. Each student in middle school is required to compete 24 hours of community service. In middle school, students can participate in accelerated courses in mathematics, science, and literature. Students in middle school each receive their own personal Netbook laptop computers, which they are granted to keep after 8th grade.

</doc>
<doc id="21442817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442817" title="Northern District Police Station">
Northern District Police Station

Northern District Police Station is a historic police station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a complex of interconnected buildings designed in the late Victorian/French Renaissance style consisting of a three-story main station house with a hipped roof and dormers; a connected two story building which had originally housed the cellblock; and a pair of hipped roof garages which were originally used as livery buildings. They are in turn connected to an "L"-shaped building consisting of the original clerestoried stable and flat roofed garage. The buildings encircle a courtyard which is now used as a parking lot. It was designed by Henry F. Brauns in 1899.
Northern District Police Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21442831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442831" title="ŽFK Pančevo">
ŽFK Pančevo

ŽFK Pančevo (Serbian Cyrillic: ЖФK Пaнчeвo) is a women's football club based in Pančevo, Serbia. They currently play in the northern section of the second division in Serbia, the Druga Liga Srbije Sever.
Current squad.
Andjelija Ilić<br>
Milica Broš <br>
Marija Zelenović<br>
Ivana Đurkin<br>
Nataša Petrić<br>
Biljana Perošević<br>
Bojana Cvijić<br>
Dajana Mitić<br>
Milana Spiridonov<br>
Natalija Sipić<br>
Branka Lazarević<br>
Negica Ilić<br>
Daliborka Dupalo<br>
Sanja Pavlović<br>
Tijana Minoski<br>
Natalija Đurovski<br>
Željana Milošević<br>
Marina Bošnjak<br>
Milena Radović

</doc>
<doc id="21442833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442833" title="Camp Massad of Canada">
Camp Massad of Canada

Camp Massad of Canada may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21442858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442858" title="Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies">
Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies

Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies (, abbreviated МИВ ("MIV")) was a university-level educational institution that operated in Moscow, Russia, in 1920-1954. It was created as a result of merging Lazarev Institute of Oriental Languages and the Oriental studies departments in Moscow's other higher educational institutions.
When the institute was closed in 1954, its Department of Indian Languages and Department of the Languages of the Near and Middle East have been transferred into Moscow State Institute of International Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="21442861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442861" title="Euptoieta hegesia">
Euptoieta hegesia

The Mexican Fritillary ("Euptoieta hegesia") is a North and South American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Description.
The upper side of the wings is bright orange with the basal part of the hind wing unmarked. There is a row of submarginal black spots on both the fore wing and the hind wing. The underside of the wings is yellow-orange with no submarginal black spots. It has a wingspan of 2.5 to 3 inches.
Similar Species.
The only similar species in the Mexican Fritillary's range is the Variegated Fritillary ("Euptoieta claudia"). The Variegated Fritillary has black median lines on the upper side of the hind wing, and on the underside of the hind wing it has a pale postmedian band.
Flight.
The Mexican Fritillary may be seen from mid-June to November in Arizona, from July to December in Texas and year-round in Mexico.
Habitat.
This species may be encountered in a wide range of open habitats and gardens.
Life cycle.
The larva is shiny red, with middorsal silver spots edged with black. It has a subdorsal row of white spots ringed with black, a spiracular silver line with black edges, and six rows of black spines. The red head has two long black spines with clubbed ends. The chrysalis is dark brown or rarely tan, with gold eyes and short gold lateral and subdorsal cones. On the wing cases, it has a black marking shaped like a "T". It has 1-3 broods per year.
Host Plants.
Here is a list of host plants used by the Mexican Fritillary:

</doc>
<doc id="21442864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442864" title="Optic nerve tumor">
Optic nerve tumor

An optic nerve melanocytoma is a tumor made up of melanocytes and melanin. These tumors are typically a benign; they can grow, but rarely transform into a malignancy. Even so, local growth can affect adjacent tissues.
Epidemiology.
Most optic nerve tumors (65 percent) are gliomas that occur somewhere along the anterior visual pathway.
Symptoms.
Patients who have malignant gliomas of the optic nerve have rapidly progressive, painful visual loss accompanied by signs of an optic neuropathy.6, 7 Initial visual loss may be unilateral or bilateral (chiasmal involvement), but rapid progression to bilateral blindness and death are constant features.5 Depending on the initial location of the tumor, visual loss may be accompanied by exophthalmos, extraocular motility
Optic nerve melanocytoma does not usually produce symptoms or grow. If they slowly grow, optic nerve melanocytoma can produce afferent pupillary defects (30%), subretinal fluid (10%), and an enlarged blind spot (75%). 
On fundoscopic exam, the optic disc may be swollen, atrophic, or even normal. Central retinal vein occlusion may occur.
If the tumor is next to the optic nerve, growth can compress the nerve and cause gradual loss of vision and unilateral proptosis. Dyschromatopsia may occur. Growth can also cause compressive vascular problems like central retinal vein occlusion. Lastly, growth also causes the tumor to exceed its blood supply. In these cases, necrotic areas form inside the tumor. Necrosis can (in turn) cause intraocular and rarely orbital inflammation.
Diagnosis.
Most optic nerve melanocytomas are small, black, and do not grow.

</doc>
<doc id="21442871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442871" title="Daemisan (North Gyeongsang/North Chungcheong)">
Daemisan (North Gyeongsang/North Chungcheong)

Daemisan is a South Korean mountain between the cities of Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do and Mungyeong, Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="21442872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442872" title="Maestro I">
Maestro I

Maestro I was the world's first integrated development environment for software. It was developed by Softlab Munich.
Softlab Munich originally called the software Program development system terminal (PET), but renamed it after Commodore International introduced a home computer called the Commodore PET in 1977.
At one time there were 22,000 installations worldwide. The first USA installations were at Boeing in 1979 with eight Maestro I systems and Bank of America with 24 system and 576 developer terminals.
Until 1989 there were 6,000 installations in the Federal Republic of Germany [http://www.computerwoche.de/index.cfm?pid=432&pk=1153269]. Maestro I was the world leader in the field in the 1970s and 1980s.
Maestro I holds a significant place in the history of technology.
One of the last Maestro I systems is at the Museum of Information Technology at Arlington.
First presentation in 1975.
Harald Wieler, copartner of Softlab Munich, developed the first prototype of the system, then named PET, in 1974 based on the Philips x 1150 data collection system. Originally a Four Phase System from the USA. Wieler was architect and programmer of the mainframe DOS operating system development, for Siemens licensed by Radio Corporation of America for Siemens. The objective in developing Maestro I was a hardware and software programming tool rentable for 1000 Deutsche Mark a month, about the same as a one family house in the Munich area at the time.
Introduction.
Maestro was an essential factor in the development of:
Historical context.
In order to understand the impact of Maestro, one has to understand the way programmers worked until about 1975. They would enter their code and test data in paper tape or punched cards. After finishing the punching, the programmer would feed the tape and/or the cards in the computer.
The introduction of the IBM 3270 terminals together with IBM’s ISPF (Interactive System Productivity Facility) constituted a real improvement. The text editor that was integrated in ISPF allowed source code for programs to be entered in real time. The editor was controlled with commands, line editing and function keys. The disadvantage was that the reaction to input would only appear after a whole page had been entered which made the operation slow and not very intuitive.
Psychological phenomenon.
A delay in a dialogue operation causes an involuntary break in the thinking process and thus in the programmer's work. Fred Brooks calls this phenomenon in the landmark paper No Silver Bullet. This is caused by the way short-term memory functions in the brain. Atkinson & Shiffrin proposed a model in 1968 that stipulates that information entering short-term memory fades away in 18–20 seconds if it is no longer attended to. Another important factor is the recency effect which causes a person to remember the last few things better than the things in the middle or the beginning of a time period. Thus, when delays occur in the work, the programmer tends to lose the thread of his or her thoughts.
The introduction of Maestro was considered a real innovation in its time. According to the economist, Joseph Schumpeter, innovation consistes of the acceptance of a technological or organizational novelty, more so than its invention. In the case of Maestro, the “discovery” of short-term memory was turned towards a more technical application. Maestro fed each keystroke directly to the CPU producing immediate feedback. This feedback was also enabled by the particular characteristics of the hardware, specifically the use of a keyboard and console instead of the earlier punchcards or tape.
A comparison with another innovation such as Ajax (programming) is justified. The name Ajax could regularly be found in the media in 2005, as Google used its asynchronous communications paradigm in interactive applications such as Google Maps. Web applications would traditionally work with forms that need to be completed by the user. The IBM 3270 terminals from the 1970s also worked with “forms” (actually screens) that needed to be completed leading to delays and disturbing breaks in the work. Maestro remedied these delays, similarly to Ajax some thirty years later.
Milestones.
1975: Introduction
The first prototype of PET was developed by Harald Wieler of Softlab, based on a Philips X1150 Data Entry system (actually a Four-Phase IV/70 system, made in the USA). Wieler worked as architect (and programmer) of operating systems for mainframe computers of RCA and Siemens before joining Softlab.
The development of Maestro was co-funded by the German government. The target was to create an interactive programming terminal for 1.000 Mark (approx US$ 500) per month.
"“The creator of the Maestro program is an American. But Harald Wieler, 45 years old, has German parents. After completing his studies (Physics), he wanted to get acquainted with the country of his ancestors and found employment in a research laboratory with Siemens in Munich. He met his wife at the home of Bavarian friends of his mother and decided to stay in Germany. He became a co-founder of Softlab in 1971.”"
Der Spiegel, Jan. 17, 1983, page 71
"“Softlab’s charming specialist, Ms. Christiane Floyd PhD, demonstrated the Program Development System PET on the companies’ stand to a large number of experts.” "
Computerwoche, November 21, 1975
1977: Connection to Mainframe computers
"“The release of data communication procedures for the linking of the PET-hardware, the Philips X1150 (data entry system) with IBM S360/370 and Siemens 4004/7000 completes the development activities by the Software company Softlab of Munich.”"
Computerwoche, April 1, 1977
1978/79: Export to the USA
1980: Interactive training
"“’There is much more education than knowledge in the world’, wrote Thomas Fuller already in 1732. Learning is a mental activity and its efficiency has always been fairly low. The same is shown, some 350 years later, for the poor production results of a modern form of mental activity: software development. This, at least, is the opinion of Rita Nagel, Softlab GmbH. Munich who also believes that this need not be the case. Software Company Softlab has developed an interactive program development system called PET/X1150 which has rationalized the mental activity. It made therefore sense to include training facilities for the PET-users within the same tool.”"
Computerwoche, August 8, 1980
1982: Connection with IBM TSO, IMS and CICS
Geza Gerhardt, manager of the communications group at Softlab extended the IBM3270 simulation in Maestro in 1982. This allowed further off-loading of computer processes from mainframe to dedicated systems.
"“The system now offers extended interactive support for design, documentation and testing as well as project management. Next to 3270-BSC dialog, SDLC/SNA is now also supported. Parallel connections to TSO, IMS and CICS are also possible.”"
Computerwoche, April 30, 1982
Technology.
Hardware
The basic system was a “key-to-disc” data entry system. Historical predecessors were “key-to-tape” systems such as the Mohawk Data Recorder, Olympia Multiplex 80 and Philips X1100.
Maestro used the Philips (Apeldoorn, the Netherlands) X1150 Data Entry system, which was built on a Four-Phase (Cupertino, California) IV/70 processor.
A typical configuration at the time of introduction was:
""In the Four-Phase System IV/70 the memory and control requirements of up to 32 keyboard display terminals are combined with the mainframe memory and logic of the Central Processing Unit. As a result, data is displayed directly from refresh areas of the Four-Phase Systems parallel-accessed LSI memory, eliminating the cost of separate buffer memories in every terminal. Using this technique, exceptionally high video throughput results, enabling new information to be displayed at a rate of 395,000 characters per second.""
Four-Phase commercial brochure, about 1972
The hardware evolved over time: the Four-Phase IV/70 processor was replaced by the more powerful Four-Phase IV/90 system and more terminals, memory and disc capacity could be supported. The base Philips X1150 Data Entry system was rebranded as Philips P7000 Distributed Processing System as significant additional functionality was added.
Software
The operating system was a proprietary Four-Phase Disc Operating System (rebranded by Philips) which supported the usual components at that time: text editor, assembler, various compilers, and linkage editor.
The Four-Phase software offer consisted of packages for:
The original PET/Maestro software made extensive use of existing libraries from the above packages.
Operation.
1974: Structured Programming
"“One of the cornerstones of modern methods in Software technology was Structured programming. This methodology became obligatory for all program development at Softlab in Munich. Peter Schnupp PhD and one of the founders of Softlab, but also Associate Professor and author of many professional publications, considered Structured Programming to be the ‘Return of common sense’”."
Computerwoche, March 1974
The founders of Structured Programming, Prof. Edsger Dijkstra and Sir Charles Hoare, were keynote speakers at a meeting for software specialists at the Max Planck institute in Munich in December 1974. Peter Schnupp PhD was the president of the ACM at that time and presented a lecture with the content above.
1978: Is the life of COBOL eternal?
"“Even if the new program languages would be considerably better than the existing ones, their widespread use would not be certain because of the lack of need with the prospective users. During the design of the new languages, decisions are often made which may bring advantages in scientific institutions but disadvantages in industrial software production. These problems often offset the advantages versus the older designs.”"
Peter Schnupp PhD, in Computerwoche April 3, 1978
1980: Art, Manual Labor or Science?
"“Structure and originality are not necessarily exclusive of each other. This will be proven in the following:"
"Who is right and who is wrong? Everyone! It depends on your definitions of structure and originality. And, of course, it depends on the use of the right tools. "
"As it is still not clearly decided whether programming is art, manual labor or science – probably a bit of all –it is necessary to discuss all three aspects”."
Computerwoche, May 9, 1980 Peter Schnupp PhD
Contemporaries.
How realistic is Software Technology?
Introduction to the history of Maestro (The effect of psychological mechanisms on Software technology)
"“The author has not been witness yet to any larger and successful software project that was executed according to the rules of software technology for more than one third of the projected duration. Or that was explicitly discussed, specified and planned without programming of critical system parts, modeling or similar ….”"
"“On the other hand, there is no reason to disregard a successful project in which the most basic rules for (extensive) specification of the coding were totally neglected. … "
"This project was the PET system, to be regarded as Germany’s, and perhaps the world’s most successful software development tool at that time. The first version of PET was started about 4 months before it was introduced at the Hannover Fair. And, even more so, it was more or less “fumbled” in the software of the Philips X1150 Data Entry system. And that was done as an add-on to existing components of the base system, not even as separate ad-hoc programs. This method had the advantage that the systems to be developed existed from day one so that developers would never be separated from the reality: in the end, they developed their system with the system itself which forced them constantly on the real requirements of their environment.”"
Peter Schnupp PhD, 1973
Invariants of software Engineering
"“Prognoses are … a favorite theme in our profession’s press and their editorials. They like to speculate about how client/server systems will replace the mainframes, that Java is the programming language of the future or who e-commerce will change the economy. But, they never reflect about their predictions from yesterday, one year or even 5 years ago – it would be disgraceful and probably not very interesting to anyone. But, it would be an educational experiment, to record once a year, what the changes in Informatics have been over the last two, five and ten years. At the same time, one should reflect how the prognoses from last year have turned out – a good training on your judgment capabilities, mostly a disillusion on one’s capabilities of prediction. If this experiment would seem to laborious, one could replace this with self-reflection: What did I expect in 1980 for the state-of-the-art in 1985, or in 1985 about 1990 etc. “"
Prof. Ernst Denert PhD: CeBit, Heads & News/ Corporate Consult, 1998

</doc>
<doc id="21442885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442885" title="Mule Bone">
Mule Bone

Mule Bone: A Comedy of Negro Life is a 1930 play by American authors Langston Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston. The process of writing the play led Hughes and Hurston, who had been close friends, to sever their relationship. "Mule Bone" was not staged until 1991.
Plot synopsis.
The play begins in Eatonville, Florida, on a Saturday afternoon with Jim and Dave fighting for Daisy's affection. The two men come to blows, and Jim picks up a hock bone from a mule and knocks Dave out. Jim is arrested and held for trial in Joe Clarke's barn.
On Monday, the trial begins in the Macedonia Baptist Church. The townspeople are divided along religious lines: Jim's Methodist supporters sit on one side of the church, Dave's Baptist supporters on the other. The issue to be decided at the trial is whether or not Jim has committed a crime. Jim admits he hit Dave but denies it was a crime. Elder Simms argues on Jim's behalf that a weapon is necessary to commit a crime, and nowhere in the Bible does it say a mule bone is a weapon. Elder Childers, representing Dave, says Samson used a donkey's jawbone to kill 3,000 men (citing Judges 18:18), so the hock bone of a mule must be even more powerful. Joe Clarke declares Jim guilty and banishes him from town for two years.
Act III takes place some time later, with Daisy encountering Jim outside of town. She tells him she's been worried about him, but he's skeptical. She demonstrates the sincerity of her affection and Dave comes upon the couple. The two men engage in a war of words to try to show which of them loves Daisy more. The contest ends when it becomes clear that Daisy expects her man to work for the white people who employ her. Jim and Dave are reconciled, and neither remains interested in courting Daisy. The two men return to Eatonville.
Writing "Mule Bone".
Hughes and Hurston began writing "Mule Bone" in March 1930. They wanted to write a comedy about African American life that didn't consist of racial stereotypes. They decided to base the plot on a folktale Hurston had collected in Florida during one of her anthropological field trips. The two writers dictated their work to Louise Thompson, who typed it.
Their work was almost completed in June, when Hurston went away for the summer. She took her notes and said she would return in the fall, and they could finish the play. When Hurston came back, she wouldn't return telephone calls from Hughes. She felt he wanted Thompson to be considered a third collaborator in the project, a proposal to which she strongly objected.
Concurrently, Hughes was in the process of severing his relationship with their common literary patron, Mrs. Rufus Osgood Mason. Reviewers have conjectured that Hurston may have been trying to protect her own relationship with Mason by shunning Hughes.
Hurston submitted "Mule Bone" for copyright in October 1930, listing herself as the only author. In January 1931, Hughes found that a copy of "Mule Bone" had been sent to the Gilpin Players, an all-black theatre company in Cleveland, for their consideration—bearing only Hurston's name. Hurston told Hughes she hadn't sent them the play, an assertion that was true, but Hughes was furious. He sent a copy for copyright under both their names.
In the meantime, the Gilpin Players wanted to stage the play. The play was still somewhat rough, but Hughes was in Cleveland, and he offered to help rewrite portions of the play. Hurston sent a telegram advising that she refused to allow the production. A day later, she sent another telegram authorizing the production on the condition that she be allowed to work with Hughes on changes. That same day, Hughes received a letter from Hurston saying that no part of the play had been written by him.
In light of all the off-stage drama, the Gilpin Players decided not to proceed with their production. The copy of "Mule Bone" in the Langston Hughes papers at Yale University has a hand-written notation by Hughes: "This play was never done because the authors fell out".
1991 production.
"Mule Bone" was produced for the first time in 1991 by the Lincoln Center Theater, more than 60 years after it was written. It opened at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on Broadway on February 14, 1991, to generally negative reviews.
Reviewing "Mule Bone" for "The New York Times", Frank Rich wrote that it was "an evening that can most kindly be described as innocuous". He described it as a "broad, often bland quasi-musical". Also writing in "The New York Times", David Richards said of "Mule Bone": "it's just not a very good play". Both critics suggested the play might have been much better had Hughes and Hurston finished their collaboration.
The production closed on April 14, 1991, after 68 performances.

</doc>
<doc id="21442889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442889" title="Parts washer">
Parts washer

A parts washer is a piece of equipment used to remove contaminants or debris, such as dirt, grime, carbon, oil, grease, metal chips, cutting fluids, mold release agents, ink, paint, and corrosion from workpieces. Parts washers are used in new manufacturing and remanufacturing processes; they are designed to clean, degrease and dry bulk loads of small or large parts in preparation for assembly, inspection, surface treatment, packaging and distribution. Parts washers may be as simple as a stand-alone basket immersion washer, or they may be as complex as a five-step deburring, aqueous tumbling, rinsing, drying and paint coating machine. Parts washers are essential in maintenance, repair and remanufacturing operations as well, from cleaning fasteners, nuts, bolts and screws to diesel engine blocks and related parts, rail bearings, wind turbine gears boxes and automotive assemblies.
A parts washer is distinctly different from a pressure washer in that parts washers typically clean parts automatically in an enclosed cabinet, while pressure washers typically have a single spray jet mounted at the end of a manually operated wand. Modern industrial technology makes it possible to combine many parts of the finishing process into one. As an integrated part of the manufacturing process, automatic parts washers are able to load, wash, rinse, dry and unload parts based on a preset computer-controlled program and the help of a conveyor belt to save time, money and man-power and ensure a quality product; innovations are being made to ensure parts washers are water and energy saving.
Traditionally, chemical solvents have been used to strip parts of grease and dirt during the cleaning process, but recent environmental concerns and regulations have encouraged the innovation of natural, non-chemically based solvents. Ultrasonic cleaning is the latest technology in environmentally safe precision surface cleaning.
History.
Parts washers were originally developed for use in automotive transmission and engine repair shops as a way to improve the function of simple soak tanks. Soak tanks are vats filled with a mixture of water and detergent, which take hours to "soften" the built-up road grime, fluids, tars and oils enough to be manually rinsed off prior to disassembly and repair.
Since the late 60's, many methods of parts cleaning have been developed with improved levels of safety and lessened environmental impact. Stoddard solvent, gasoline, diesel fuel, and kerosene were commonly used to clean and degrease parts. Then, chlorinated solvents in vapor degreasers became an industry standard. During the 1980s environmental and safety issues led to the banning of chlorinated solvents for parts cleaning. Aqueous-based cleaning systems took on new prominence that led to many improvements, in the systems and the processes. In 1971, Gary Minkin developed an aqueous based parts washer for degreasing automobile parts. The Minkin breakthrough used the force of hydraulic impact pressure to significantly improve the cleaning power of the aqueous parts washer.
Cleaning methods.
Beside high mechanical energy, higher cleaning temperatures are one of the most effective methods of improving the cleaning results in a parts washer. In general, a 10 to 15 °F (5 to 8 °C) rise doubles the chemical reaction of the detergent. The increased chemical reaction between the greases and oils and the detergent delivers faster cleaning cycles and cleaner parts. Additionally, all greases and oils exhibit a lower viscosity at higher temperatures. Cleaning solution temperatures of and above softens or melts most oils and greases causing them to flow like water so they are easily removed resulting in faster cleaning, better results and cleaner parts. Many parts washers are not capable of maintaining this operating temperature due to the lack of amply heating systems. Additionally, careful design is required of the pumping system so it can pull in and deliver cleaning solution at temperatures that approach boiling in the parts washer. All centrifugal pumps require a net positive suction head (NPSHr) in order to be able to pump solution. As the temperature of the solution approaches the NPSHr, the pump stops pumping because the cleaning solution flashes to steam in the pump intake. Careful design of the pump is required to minimize NPSHr and allow pumping of high temperature cleaning solution.
A typical parts washer may be aqueous based or use a solvent.
Solvent-based.
Ben Palmer invented a solvent style parts washer in 1954. The parts washer was a success from the start, and he decided in the early 1960s not to sell his machine, but to lease it to the customer and service it by removing and replenishing the used solvent. Since the early 1990s there has been a significant shift towards aqueous based systems due to the environmental and safety hazards associated with solvent systems.
A solvent style parts washer is filled with several gallons of solvent that is stored in a settling pan at the bottom of the washer. A small flame-tight electric liquid pump is immersed in the solvent and skims clean solvent from near the top of the settling tank, and pumps it at low pressure through a stiff flexible nozzle onto a metal grating above the liquid where the metal components rest. Dirt and dissolved heavy greases fall into the bottom and settle to the bottom of the tank.
Originally, mixtures of oil distillates such as gasoline, diesel fuel, lacquer thinner or kerosene were used in solvent-based manually operated parts washers, but these are highly volatile and can ignite easily, potentially leading to an explosion and severe burns to the workers. For this reason, the solvent-based "tub" washer typically has a large cover that is propped open by a lead fusible link. In the event of a fire, the lead will melt and the cover will slam shut to snuff out the fire before it can cause further damage to the building...
Aqueous-based.
An aqueous-based parts washer is much like a large dish washer. It uses water and detergent combined with heat and mechanical energy to provide the cleaning action. There are two main process styles of aqueous parts washers, the "jet spray process" and the "power wash process". In a cabinet parts washer, the parts are placed on a turntable and the door is closed. During the cleaning cycle heated solution is flooded or blasted on the parts as the turntable rotates. Many systems have a wash, rinse and dry cycle. When the cycle is complete the door is opened and the parts removed.
There are four primary factors that affect the cleaning results in an aqueous parts washer. These factors are mechanical energy, temperature, detergent and time. Adjusting any one of these factors in a cleaning cycle changes the cleaning results. A parts washer with large amounts of mechanical energy and a high temperature delivers shorter cleaning cycles and uses less cleaning detergent. Mechanical energy is provided by the pump drive system. Most aqueous parts washers use an electric motor to drive a centrifugal pump. The mechanical energy delivered to the wash load is what defines the mechanical energy for cleaning and not the horsepower of the pump. Efficient use of the pump motor energy through a well designed centrifugal pump and attention to details of piping design and nozzle types are critical to put the most mechanical energy into the cleaning process. Additionally, one must consider the work volume of the parts washer. In order to achieve similar results, from one size machine to another, the power density must be the same for a given work volume, This factor requires that substantially higher horsepower pumping systems be used as the work volume increases exponentially on larger diameter machines.
Aqueous-based parts washers use alkaline detergents mixed with water to clean parts. This solution is safer than solvent-based systems because the risk of the cleaning solution catching fire is eliminated. The detergent for an aqueous parts washer may be in the form of a powder or a liquid. Each form has its advantages and the particular parts cleaning application will determine the best form. In general, powder detergents are the more aggressive and typically used in maintenance and rebuilding operations while liquids are more commonly found in lighter cleaning applications that were once commonly the domain of vapor degreasers.
Jet spray vs. power wash processes.
A jet spray washer cleans by flooding the parts with warm chemical solution and high chemical concentration to clean the parts. In the power wash process the parts are blasted with hot chemical solution utilizing the hydraulic impact force of the cleaning solution as the primary cleaning mechanism. A parts washer utilizing the power washer process operates at a very low concentration of cleaning detergent. The lower concentration causes the cleaning solution to last longer before it becomes supersaturated and requires disposal. Additionally, a low concentration of cleaning chemicals allows for easier rinsing of the detergent from the parts thereby minimizing rinse cycle requirements thus saving water and cycle time. A final factor used in the power wash process is an oscillating manifold system that is non-synchronous to the rotation of the turntable. This system assures that the blasted solution reaches all areas of the parts load that are otherwise blinded by the stationary manifolds used in the jet spray process. All things considered the power wash process is superior to the jet spray process for faster more thorough parts cleaning cycles while minimizing detergent use and waste generation. The power wash process is generally effective for difficult soil removal applications such as burnt hydrocarbons, paint, scale, varnish, carbon, mastic, or rubber. Additional power wash types of applications generally include cleaning diesel engines, aerospace components, aluminum automobile engine parts and rolling mill equipment.
There are some considerations when using the "power wash" process in that comparatively high horsepower, thus high-current motors requiring an adequate power source, are utilized with correspondingly high washing pressures that require the parts to be adequately secured to the turntable. The "jet spray" process is found to be adequate for cleaning applications that do not involve removal of difficult soils but in general the power wash process is the superior cleaning process.
Power density.
A parts washer can be characterized by its power density. The power density is calculated by dividing the total horsepower of all the pump systems providing the wash function by the total work volume for that washing function. Typical units are horsepower per cubic foot. The results of this calculation offer a beginning point in comparing various parts washing systems. The power density number is also useful when it is desired to achieve the same cleaning standard and throughput in a different work volume. Note that the power density calculation does not take into account the pump system efficiency and assumes that all of the energy delivered to the pump is delivered to the wash load. A more accurate power density would consider the pump system efficiency as efficiencies vary greatly even from an identical pump as the efficiency is highly dependent on the pump operating point, the piping design and the friction losses in the system.

</doc>
<doc id="21442909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442909" title="Union of Oromo Students in Europe (UOSE)">
Union of Oromo Students in Europe (UOSE)

The Union of Oromo Students in Europe, (UOSE) or Tokkumma Bartoota Oromoo Awurooppaa (TBOA) is a student organization based in Germany. Founded in 1974, it is a political organization that functions according to the political programs and political ideals of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF).
UOSE played the biggest role with its brother organization UOSNA (Union of Oromo Students in North America) in nurturing the language and culture of the Oromo people, protesting against successive Ethiopian regimes, and coordinating the overall support to the OLF from the diaspora. UOSE celebrated its 10 anniversary in 1984. The unions held their 27th annual congress in July 2000, which was attended by delegates of the Union's branches in Belgium, the Czech Republic, Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. The congress also received solidarity and mandating messages from branches of the Union in Greece and Norway.
In July 2008 it gathered its members in Brussels, to condemn what it described as human rights abuses carried out by the Ethiopian government upon the Oromo and other nations in Ethiopia and to solicit support for the OLF.

</doc>
<doc id="21442921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21442921" title="Junior Strous">
Junior Strous

Junior Strous (born April 28, 1986 in Vlaardingen) is a Dutch racing driver from Wassenaar.
Racing career.
After a successful childhood in karting, he began testing in Formula Ford Benelux in 2000 and 2001. Junior became the youngest ever Formula Ford Driver to win an international race (spa-Francorchamps) with a B-class car (2 years or older). In 2002 he moved up to Formula BMW ADAC. In 2003 he competed in several Formula Renault series and finished second in the Dutch version of the championship. He was that series' champion in 2004. Between 2001 and 2004 Junior won several touringcar and drift races and championships.
For 2005 he drove in four different Formula Renault series in 2005, finishing 7th in the Eurocup championship (not driving all races), second in the Dutch championship (not driving all races), and winning the UK Winter Series. In 2006 he ventured into touring cars full-time, winning the BMW Compact Cup Benelux and finishing second in the Dacia Logan Cup Netherlands. In 2007 he competed part-time in the Champ Car Atlantic Championship and finished 14th in points (not driving all races because of a broken wrist).
2008 saw his full-time participation in the Atlantic Championship where he finished 5th and won at Circuit Mont-Tremblant for Condor Motorsports. For 2009 he planned to compete full-time in the Firestone Indy Lights Series for Winners Circle Group. He won the first two races of the season at St. Pete and led the championship through four rounds. However, following the Freedom 100, funding was apparently abruptly cut off to Winners Circle group's technical team partner, despite the strong results. He signed on to return to Indy Lights in 2010 with Team Moore Racing. However, less than a month after signing, the team indicated that he had been released from his contract.

</doc>
