<doc id="21404281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404281" title="2009 Missouri Tigers football team">
2009 Missouri Tigers football team

The 2009 Missouri Tigers football team, represented the University of Missouri in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Gary Pinkel, who returned for his ninth season with Mizzou, and played their home games at Faurot Field at Memorial Stadium. Changes to Memorial Stadium for the 2009 season included a new scoreboard and expanded seating capacity following a reconfiguration of the student seating section.
On December 6, the Texas Bowl picked the 8-4 Tigers to play in their fourth annual game against the 9-4 Navy Midshipmen at Reliant Stadium in Houston on December 31.
On December 22, Mizzou Sports Properties (owned by Learfield Sports) announced a contract for a new radio home on all its coaches' and daily shows for five years, starting with the 2010–11 season. KFRU, owned by Cumulus Media, had the radio rights for the Tiger Network.
Recruits.
Key Losses:
23 seniors (not incl. Jeremy Maclin) played their final game in the Alamo Bowl.
25 student-athletes signed a National Letter of Intent to attend the University of Missouri and play football for the Tigers in 2009.
Missouri and Coach Pinkel said they were pleased with its recruits, and Pinkel doesn't listen to how the recriting services rank his recruits (Scout.com as 38th, Rivals.com as 41st) since they have had great results in the evaluations they look for in the athletes recruited. This year, the breakdown by position in the 25-man class was: five DBs, four LBs, four OLs, four DLs, two QBs, three WRs, two TEs, and one RB. Ten of the 25 are native Missourians. Pinkel said regarding Missouri's evaluation system: "I was at a national convention and a couple coaches from Texas said to me that we ask more about players, were more thorough, than any coaches that they've seen and any program that they've seen." The recruiting class breaks down to 14 on defense compared to 11 on offense.
Coaching staff.
On February 20, 2009, Defensive Coordinator Matt Eberflus announced he was leaving the Tigers to join the Cleveland Browns.
Game Summaries.
Illinois.
Blaine Gabbert passed for three touchdowns and 319 yards (25–33), in a runaway 37–9 victory over rival Illinois.
Missouri WR Danario Alexander posted a career high with 10 receptions totaling 132 yards. Gabbert became the third straight Missouri quarterback to earn Big 12 Player of the Week honors in his first start.
Bowling Green.
After trailing most of the game, Missouri scored 21 unanswered points in the second half to escape at home.
Nevada.
Missouri quarterback Blaine Gabbert posted a career high 414 yards on 25 of 40 passing. Missouri wide-out Danario Alexander once again posted career high numbers with 9 catches for 170 yards and 2 touchdowns. The turning point in this game was when Nevada running back Luke Lippincott fumbled on the Missouri 4 yard line, setting up a 96 yard touchdown drive by the Missouri offense.
Nebraska.
Game in the rain ends with a dramatic switch from a 12–0 Missouri lead after the 3rd quarter, changed to a 27–12 loss with an injured Blaine Gabbert's leg for the final half with the first two interceptions of his career. 
Texas.
Kickoff time: 7:12 pm • End of Game: 10:02 • Total elapsed time: 2:50 
Referee: Tom Walker • Umpire: John Mascarello • Linesman: Chad Green • Line judge: David Oliver • Back judge: Brad Van Vark • Field judge: Reggie Smith • Side judge: Brad Horchem • Scorer: Tim Knaar • 
Temperature: 56 F • Wind: S 5 • Weather: Cool and clear 
Kansas.
These rivals put on a show in last year's game and somehow topped it, trading big plays, scores and momentum seemingly with every snap.
Missouri tackled the quarterback for a safety with 2:39 remaining and Grant Ressel hit a 27-yard field goal, his fourth of the game, as time expired, giving the Tigers a 41–39 win over Kansas on Saturday in another wild Border Showdown at Arrowhead Stadium.
Ressel was subsequently named the Big 12 Conference Special Teams Player of the Week, for his perfect day (4-for-4) in field goal kicking. It was the first time since 1972 that a Missouri team has won a game from a field goal kicker after trailing in the final seconds of a game.
Navy (Texas Bowl).
The Tigers lost to Navy in the worst bowl defeat (in terms of the point differential, -22), in team history.
Statistics.
Statistics from: 

</doc>
<doc id="21404287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404287" title="Amanda Laine">
Amanda Laine

Amanda Laine (born 12 February 1992) is a Canadian model. She was named one of the top ten newcomers in 2008 by models.com.
Early life and career.
Laine was born in Orillia, Ontario, Canada. Her modeling career started when she won the "V Magazine" and Supreme Model Management search in December 2007, and then signed a 3-year contract with Supreme Management. Laine then debuted in the fall Alexander Wang and Rad Hourani shows in 2008. Throughout 2008 she has opened for Alexander McQueen and Miu Miu shows in Paris, the spring Vera Wang, Philosophy di, Rebecca Taylor, Alberta Ferretti, Paul Smith, Burberry, Luella,and Jeremy Laing shows in New York, London, and Milan. She has also walked for many designers at LG Fashion Week like Joe Fresh. For six consecutive season she has walked for Emilio Pucci at Milan Fashion Week.
Laine has also appeared at the Prada show in Milan, and was referred to as a "Canadian teen supermodel" by the "Toronto Star".

</doc>
<doc id="21404358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404358" title="Massachusetts School of Professional Psychology">
Massachusetts School of Professional Psychology

The Massachusetts School of Professional Psychology, known as MSPP, is a graduate college of psychology founded in 1974 in the Boston, Massachusetts neighborhood of West Roxbury. The school relocated to the neighboring town of Newton in 2012. With nearly 600 students, MSPP offers eleven graduate academic degree programs and one academic graduate certificate across four departments: Clinical Psychology, Counseling Psychology, Organizational and Leadership Psychology, and School Psychology. MSPP has three centers: the Brenner Center for Psychological Assessment and Testing, Freedman Center for Child and Family Development and the Lucero Center for Latino Mental Health Program.
Educational approach.
MSPP uses an experiential education model, which combines academic instruction with supervised clinical experience. Students are in the field beginning in the first year, and are placed in various local field facilities including social service agencies, schools, hospitals, community mental health centers, child guidance clinics, court clinics, college counseling centers, private agencies and corporate settings.
Specialty areas.
The Lucero Latino Mental Health Training Program is a concentration open to students from many of the graduate programs, specializing in the specific mental health needs of Latino patients or clients. The Dr. Cynthia Lucero Center, which sponsors the concentration in Latino Mental Health, was founded by the friends and family of the late Dr. Cynthia Lucero, a graduate of MSPP. Lectures and scholarships in Cynthia’s memory are also sponsored by the Lucero Center. The academic concentration provides relevant coursework and summer immersion programs in Costa Rica and Ecuador focused on improving Spanish language skills and exposure to Latino cultures through community service mental health work. 
One distinguishing MSPP program is designed to Train Vets to Treat Vets. Recently awarded a grant from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, MSPP is working to recruit veterans and train them to meet the mental health needs of their fellow service men and women. MSPP participates in the Veteran’s Administration Yellow Ribbon Program and provides matching grant assistance to eligible veterans.
MSPP also has special training programs in child and adolescent mental health.
Academic programs.
Clinical Psychology
Counseling Psychology
Organizational and Leadership Psychology
School Psychology
Accreditation.
MSPP is accredited by the American Psychological Association (APA) and the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC). The MA/CAGS in School Psychology is an approved program by the National Association of School Psychologists (NASP).
Continuing and community education.
MSPP offers professional continuing education for psychologists, social workers, nurses, mental health counselors, school psychologists, counselors, other mental health professionals, educators, businessmen and women, psychotherapists, and the community. 
In addition, the Freedman Center for Child and Family Development, offers courses for parents.

</doc>
<doc id="21404371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404371" title="ALPHA Academy">
ALPHA Academy

The ALPHA program is a learning program. It allows an alternative route to graduation for students who have not been successful in the traditional setting. The program is not intended for students with discipline problems. Opportunities are offered for students to complete the appropriate credits for graduation. Teacher assisted and technology-driven programs are available for credit recovery. In addition, classes for acceleration and Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skills (Taks) remediation are available.
Mission.
ALPHA Academy is an accelerated learning program, servicing students who have not been successful or have faced challenges in the traditional school setting. The mission of ALPHA Academy is to provide a learning experience that is student centered, nurturing and supportive, academically comprehensive, educationally sensitive to the varied learning styles of all students, as they complete the requirements for their high school diploma.
Vision.
At ALPHA Academy envisions a small school, with a family-like atmosphere. The structure of the program allows the students who attend to re-evaluate themselves and their goals through flexible scheduling, which lends itself to respect individual diversity thus creating a viable option for students who might otherwise drop out. This environment also allows students to be individually creative in their endeavors, while holding them accountable for their own learning experiences as they meet state standards. With small class sizes and a comfortable setting, ALPHA continues to provide a fresh start for students who feel overwhelmed or lost in a traditional high school setting.

</doc>
<doc id="21404395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404395" title="2009 Copa Libertadores Second Stage">
2009 Copa Libertadores Second Stage

The Second Stage of the 2009 Copa Santander Libertadores was a group stage. It was played from February 10 to April 30.
Format.
Twenty-six teams qualified directly into this round, plus six that advanced from the First Stage. This brings the total number of teams in the Second Stage to 32. The teams were drawn into eight groups of four. The teams in each group will play each other in a double round-robin format, playing the other teams in the group once at home and once away. Teams will be awarded 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss. The following criteria will be used for breaking ties on points:
The top two teams from each group advance to the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="21404406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404406" title="Ryan Frederick">
Ryan Frederick

Ryan David Frederick is a prisoner in Virginia. On February 4, 2009, he was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment following conviction for voluntary manslaughter for the January 17, 2008 shooting death of police officer Jarrod Shivers. The shooting occurred at Frederick's home in Chesapeake, Virginia during the execution of an no-knock warrant/exigent circumstances police raid serving a warrant to search for a marijuana grow operation. The case is notable for the magnitude of support the defendant received from his community, the press, and blogs, as well as for the relative leniency of the charge the jury chose for conviction in the death of an on-duty police officer.
Three days before police attempted a raid, the defendant's residence was broken into by a police informant who riffled through the defendant's belongings, reporting to the police that he found Frederick was growing marijuana in his garage and that several marijuana plants, growing lights, irrigation equipment and other gardening supplies had been seen on his property. In the course of the trial, Frederick was shown to be an avid gardener who maintained a koi pond and Asian plants in his yard. One of his plants was a Japanese maple tree, which resembles marijuana when its leaves are green. Based on this information, law enforcement officials secured a no-knock warrant to enter Frederick's home.
On the night of January 17, Frederick awoke to his dogs barking at an individual who was breaking in his front door. According to local interviews, Frederick fired his pistol at Detective Jarrod Shivers as he tried to enter through one of the lower door panels. The bullet struck Shivers in the side, killing him.
After the raid, the police found the gardening supplies and a small amount of marijuana. In Virginia, simple possession of marijuana is an unclassified misdemeanor, with a maximum penalty of 30 days in jail and a $500 fine for a first offense. The second offence carries a maximum penalty of 12 months in jail and is a Class 1 misdemeanor. (Virginia Law Ref: § 18.2-250.1.) Frederick had no prior criminal record, and was placed by law in the first category.
According to critics, the Frederick case mirrors another shooting which occurred in New Hanover County, N.C., where college student Peyton Strickland was shot when a police officer participating in a raid on the student's residence mistook the sound of a SWAT battering ram for a gunshot. The officer discharged his weapon several times into the home as Strickland came to answer the door, striking and killing both the student and his dog. The department paid $4.25 million to the parents in restitution, but no charges were filed against the officer.

</doc>
<doc id="21404474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404474" title="Howlin' Rain (album)">
Howlin' Rain (album)

Howlin Rain is the eponymous debut album by Howlin' Rain. It was released in 2006 on the Birdman Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="21404478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404478" title="One Week (2008 film)">
One Week (2008 film)

One Week is a 2008 Canadian drama film directed by Michael McGowan and starring Joshua Jackson, Liane Balaban, and Campbell Scott. The film debuted at the Toronto Film Festival on September 8, 2008 and was released theatrically on March 6, 2009.
Jackson plays Ben Tyler, who has been diagnosed with cancer. Requiring immediate treatment, he instead decides to take a motorcycle trip from Toronto across Canada to Vancouver Island. Along the way, he meets several people that help him reevaluate his relationship with his fiancée Samantha (played by Balaban), his job and his dream of becoming a writer.
The scenic backdrop of the Canadian landscape as well as an all-Canadian soundtrack serve as prevalent influences in the film.
Joshua Jackson won Best Actor at the 2010 Genie Awards for his portrayal of Ben Tyler. Liane Balaban was nominated for Best Supporting Actress.
Plot.
Ben Tyler (Joshua Jackson) is a young elementary school English teacher living in Toronto, Ontario. Ben is told that he has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer in its fourth and final stage.
On the way home, he encounters an elderly man selling his 1973 Norton Commando motorcycle. The narrator notes that Ben's fiancée Samantha Pierce (Liane Balaban) despises motorcycles, but he buys it. Finishing a Tim Hortons coffee, he rolls up the cup's rim to see if he has won a prize, but sees only a message that reads "Go West Young Man".
He breaks the news of his cancer to Samantha, as well as his desire to take a two-day excursion on the motorcycle. She objects, arguing that he should begin treatment immediately, but he feels a need for an adventure before "becoming a patient". He asks Samantha to come with him, but ultimately sets out from Toronto by himself. Early in the trip he begins to question the trip's worth, and turns back. But he encounters two young men bicycling from Newfoundland to Vancouver on a wager of a case of beer, and his adventure seems reasonable by comparison, so he resumes it.
He finds that Samantha has packed a copy of a book he had written as a child, hoping that an attached note about reading it to his children someday would persuade him to return and begin treatment. But the story, about a mythical creature called Grumps, which his father had said would bring good fortune to any child who managed to find one, strengthens his resolve to symbolically resume his search for Grumps.
Ben begins to question his future with Samantha: He recalls their discovery while planning their wedding that their religious beliefs – Ben has none – differ, and they have a telephone argument about compromises she's made for him. He meets a middle-aged man (Gord Downie) staying in the same motel, who successfully treated his cancer years before; he tells Ben that if he's unsure if he's in love, he isn't.
His motorcycle breaks down in rural Saskatchewan. Nearby, he finds a dead dog and phones its owner, a middle-aged rancher. In gratitude, she picks up him and his motorcycle, takes him on a scenic horseback ride, and fixes the minor problem with his bike. She is twice-divorced with a son and granddaughter she rarely sees, but the narrator explains that the time with Ben inspires her to seek the son out, coincidentally meeting the new "love of her life".
Continuing the trip beyond the promised two days, he arrives at Banff National Park in Alberta, and checks into an expensive hotel suite. Samantha has told his family about his cancer, and is flying out to get him. He goes on what he fears will be a last adventure in the woods, where he gets lost and meets a backpacker (Emm Gryner) exploring the backcountry with her dog. At her campsite, she chides Ben for giving up too easily on his dreams: of a singing career quashed by a teacher's harsh remarks, and a novel which he failed to find a publisher for. Ben spends the night with her. The next morning, Samantha has arrived earlier than expected, and Ben admits to sleeping with the hiker. He also tells Sam that he does not love her like she loves him; she leaves him and returns home.
Ben makes his way to the west coast of Vancouver Island. At a diner, he finds himself unable to eat his meal, and meanwhile a truck hits his motorcycle in the parking lot, wrecking it. He rents a surfboard and takes it out into the Pacific, but rather than catching a wave to ride back in, he keeps going, despondent. He sees a humpback whale dramatically breech the surface. Ben remembers that his father had said to him as a child that anyone who searched for Grumps would "know him when you see him"; Ben is satisfied that he has, and returns home. He and Samantha discuss his prospects and their impending breakup, and he goes home to see his family.
The final sequence reveals the movie's narrator (Campbell Scott) recording the final chapter of an audio book, revealed to be "One Week" by Ben Tyler, a memoir of his motorcycle trip.
Soundtrack.
"A very music-heavy film," as described by director Michael McGowan, the soundtrack and score provides an integral role in "One Week". Making a concerted effort to have the soundtrack reflect the Canadian-heavy theme of the film, McGowan assembled an all-Canadian ensemble of artists, notably Sam Roberts, the Great Lake Swimmers, Wintersleep, Patrick Watson, Stars, Luke Doucet, the Sunparlour Players and Lights. Joel Plaskett, Gordon Downie, and Emm Gryner also appear in the movie as actors.
Cameos.
Cameo appearances are made by Canadian musicians Gordon Downie of The Tragically Hip as a cancer survivor, Joel Plaskett of The Joel Plaskett Emergency as a street performer and Emm Gryner as a fellow hiker that finds Ben in the forest in Banff.
Release dates.
"One Week" screened at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2008 and in October at the Edmonton International Film Festival. It is the opening night film for the Kingston Canadian Film Festival. Its Canadian theatrical release was on March 6, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21404533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404533" title="Boyne Highlands">
Boyne Highlands

Boyne Highlands is a ski resort in Northern Michigan located near Harbor Springs, Michigan. It is now owned and operated by Boyne Resorts. It is the sister resort of Boyne Mountain. The tenth season of "The Big Break", "", was filmed at Boyne Highlands.

</doc>
<doc id="21404543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404543" title="Hesselman engine">
Hesselman engine

The Hesselman engine is a hybrid between a petrol engine and a Diesel engine introduced by Swedish engineer Jonas Hesselman in 1925. It represented the first use of direct gasoline injection on a spark-ignition engine used to power a road going vehicle. The Hesselman engine saw use in heavy trucks and buses in models produced in the 1920s and 1930s.
Operation.
A Hesselman engine is basically a spark-ignition engine, converted to run on heavier petroleum products such as oil, kerosene or diesel oil. The fuel is injected into the combustion chamber using an injection pump. Because of the engine low compression the fuel must be ignited by a spark plug, unlike the diesel engine, where the fuel ignites spontaneously by the heat generated by the high compression ratio. Hesselman engines were often started on gasoline and then switched to diesel or kerosene when at working temperature. Clearing the heavy oil for the next start was achieved by switching back to gasoline before stopping. It is the first spark ignition engine for automotive use with direct injection of fuel into the cylinder.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Hesselman engines could use heavier oils which were considerably cheaper than gasoline and were therefore more economical to operate for the vehicle owner. Contemporary tests also pointed to a slightly lower fuel consumption in comparison to gasoline engines of similar power.
A Hesselman engine compared to a diesel engine had smaller dimensions and hence lower weight. In the 1930s knowledge of metallurgy was less advanced, therefore diesel engines were heavy to cope with the high compression and pressure during combustion. Later, diesel engines were developed with better materials and Hesselman engines lost this advantage. 
Hesselman engines had several disadvantages. Due to the low compression it was difficult to reach the working temperature. The result was an incomplete combustion. The incomplete combustion led to the spark plugs quickly fouling, but above all to what even in that time was termed "heavy smoke". In today's terms, this meant that the engines generated toxic exhausts on a scale that would be considered completely unacceptable.
Users.
Hesselman engines were produced by all three Swedish truck manufacturers of its day, Scania-Vabis, Tidaholms Bruk and Volvo, from the late 1920s. Scania-Vabis replaced Hesselman engines with proper Diesel engines from 1936, and Volvo from 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="21404560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404560" title="Mount Shigi">
Mount Shigi

Legends.
Legend of Prince Shotoku.
One of the legends of Mt. Shigi tells of Prince Shotoku asking for victory from the gods over his opponents. Prince Shotoku was a descendant of the Soga family, who had loyalty to Buddhism. During the Year of the Tiger, Prince Shotoku was promoting Buddhism, and was in conflict with the Mononobe family. While at Mt. Shigi, Prince Shotoku prayed for a victory over Mononobe no Moriya. Bishamonten, the Buddhist deity of war, then visited him during the Hour of the Tiger, on the Day of the Tiger. Bishamonten then lead Prince Shotoku to victory in the Battle of Shigisen. Prince Shotoku then built a shrine in his honor.
Legends of Mount Shigi.
A scroll painting called Shigisan-engi depicts three miracles revolving around a monk by the name of Myoren who lived on Mount Shigi. 

</doc>
<doc id="21404567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404567" title="Dig (Adam Again album)">
Dig (Adam Again album)

Dig is the fourth album by alternative rock band Adam Again.

</doc>
<doc id="21404571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404571" title="Pittman–Robertson Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act">
Pittman–Robertson Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act

The Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act of 1937, most often referred to as the Pittman–Robertson Act for its sponsors, Nevada Senator Key Pittman and Virginia Congressman Absalom Willis Robertson, was signed by Franklin D. Roosevelt on September 2, 1937 and became effective on July 1 of the following year. It has been amended many times with several of the major ones taking place during the 1970s and the most recent taking place in 2000.
Prior to the creation of the Pittman–Robertson Act, many species of wildlife were driven to or near extinction by hunting pressure and/or habitat degradation from humans. The Act created an excise tax that provides funds to each state to manage such animals and their habitats. Notable species that have come back from the brink since the implementation of this act include white-tailed deer, wild turkey, and wood ducks.
Overview.
The Pittman–Robertson Act took over a pre-existing 11% excise tax on firearms and ammunition. Instead of going into the U.S. Treasury as it had done in the past, the money is kept separate and is given to the Secretary of the Interior to distribute to the States. The Secretary determines how much to give to each state based on a formula that takes into account both the area of the state and its number of licensed hunters.
These States must fulfill certain requirements to use the money apportioned to them. None of the money from their hunting license sales may be used by anyone other than the State’s fish and game department. Plans for what to do with the money must be submitted to and approved by the Secretary of the Interior. Acceptable options include research, surveys, management of wildlife and/or habitat and acquisition or lease of land, among other things. Once a plan has been approved, the state must pay the full cost and is later reimbursed for up to 75% of that cost through P–R funds. The 25% of the cost that the State must pay generally comes from its hunting license sales. If, for whatever reason, any of the federal money does not get spent, after two years that money is then reallocated to the Migratory Bird Conservation Act.
In the 1970s, amendments created a 10% tax on handguns and their ammunition and accessories as well as an 11% tax on archery equipment. It was also mandated that half of the money from each of those new taxes must be used to educate and train hunters through the creation and maintenance of hunter safety classes and shooting/target ranges.
Results.
This piece of legislation has provided states with funding for research and projects that would have been unaffordable otherwise. According to a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service webpage that was updated in January 2010, over two billion dollars of federal aid has been generated through this program, which in turn means that states have kept up their 25% contributions with over 500 million dollars. The habitat acquisition and improvement made possible by this money has allowed some species with large ranges such as American black bears, elk, cougars, and others, to expand those ranges beyond where they were found prior to the implementation of the act. Important game populations such as white-tailed deer and several Galliformes have also had a chance to recover and expand their populations.
Economics.
The idea behind this act is that by creating more and better hunting experiences for people through habitat management and hunter education, more taxable items will be purchased, which would then provide more funding for management and improvement. The habitat improvement may also stimulate the eco-tourism sector of the economy by creating jobs in areas where people tend to visit for hunting or aesthetic reasons.
One source shows hunters spending around ten billion dollars a year on everything they need for their hunting trips. A different source found that hunters spend between 2.8 and 5.2 billion dollars a year on taxable merchandise. This generates between 177 and 324 million dollars a year in P–R money.
Another source estimated that hunters contribute about three and a half million dollars a day to conservation by purchasing taxable items and hunting licenses.
One study showed an extremely high Return on Investment for firearm manufacturers; 823% to 1588% depending on the year.
Related legislation.
Similar legislation.
The Pittman–Robertson Act was so successful that in the 1950s, a similar act was written for fish. This one was titled the Federal Aid in Fish Restoration Act. As with its wildlife counterpart, the name of this act is generally shortened by reducing it to the names of those who sponsored it, and so it is generally referred to as the Dingell–Johnson Act.
Legislative oversight.
In 2000, when evidence surfaced that the Pittman-Robertson Act sportsman`s conservation trust funds were being mismanaged, NRA board member and sportsman, U.S. Representative Don Young (R-Alaska) introduced the Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration Programs Improvement Act. The passed the House 423-2 and became law on Nov. 1, 2000 and defines in what manner the monies can be spent.
Proposed amendments.
On November 21, 2013, Rep. Robert E. Latta (R, OH-5) introduced an omnibus bill called the Sportsmen’s Heritage And Recreational Enhancement Act of 2013 (H.R. 3590; 113th Congress). Title II of that bill, the Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act, would amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to: (1) authorize a state to pay up to 90% of the costs of acquiring land for, expanding, or constructing a public target range; (2) authorize a state to elect to allocate 10% of a specified amount apportioned to it from the federal aid to wildlife restoration fund for such costs; (3) limit the federal share of such costs under such Act to 90%; and (4) require amounts provided for such costs under such Act to remain available for expenditure and obligation for five fiscal years. The bill passed the House of Representatives on February 5, 2014.
For more information.
For a comprehensive list of taxable items, see Appendix A (pages 73–74) of "Financial Returns to Industry from the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Program."
For more detailed information about the recovery of certain species since 1937, see Appendices E and F (pages 80–86) of "Financial Returns to Industry from the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Program."
For more details about the economics of the Pittman–Robertson Act, read "Financial Returns to Industry from the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Program" in more depth.
For a chart showing the amount of money apportioned to each state for the 2012 fiscal year, see the U.S. Department of the Interior's Preliminary Certificate of Apportionment.
For more detailed information about how much P–R money your state receives and what it is used for, contact your state's fish and game department. Some departments post this information publicly on the internet. Those who don't will at least have contact information on their websites.

</doc>
<doc id="21404590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404590" title="Pradeep Khosla">
Pradeep Khosla

Pradeep K. Khosla is an academic computer scientist and university administrator. He is the current chancellor of the University of California, San Diego. He was appointed to the position by the president of the University of California, Mark Yudof, on May 3, 2012. His term began August 1, 2012, following the resignation of the previous chancellor Marye Anne Fox.
Prior to this, he was a computer science professor and Dean of the Carnegie Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University's College of Engineering. He was also the Philip and Marsha Dowd University Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Robotics at Carnegie Mellon. 
He is also the Jury Chair for the Infosys Prize 2013 for the discipline of Engineering and Computer Science.
Career.
Khosla received a B.Tech (Hons) from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur in 1980. After graduating he worked in the area of real-time control with Tata Consulting Engineers and Siemens until 1982. 
By 1986 he received both an MS and PhD degree from Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), where he then became an assistant professor. He rose through the ranks and was appointed University Professor in 2008, which is the highest rank attainable by a professor. He has held several administrative and leadership positions at CMU including: Founding Director, Carnegie Mellon CyLab; Head, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering; Director, Information Networking Institute; and Founding Director, Institute for Complex Engineered Systems (ICES). In 2004 Khosla was appointed Dean of the Carnegie Institute of Technology, a five-year term which that was renewed in July 2009.
From January 1994 to August 1996 Khosla was on leave from CMU and served as Program Manager at DARPA, where he managed a $50M portfolio of programs in real-time systems, internet-enabled software infrastructure, intelligent systems, and distributed systems.
Khosla also worked as a consultant to several companies and venture capitalists and has served on the technology advisory boards of many start-ups. Currently he serves on the advisory boards for iNetworks LLC, ITU Ventures, and Alcoa CIO’s Advisory Board. He is involved with iNetworks in raising a biotechnology fund called BioVentures, and is co-founder and a member of the Board of Directors of Quantapoint Inc., BioMetricore Inc., and No Fuss Inc. He also serves on the board of Directors of HCL Infosystems, the Children’s Institute, the IIT Foundation, Mellon-Pitt (MPC) corporation, the Pittsburgh Tissue Engineering Initiative (PTEI), the Doyle Center, and the Pittsburgh Technology Council. In addition, he serves on the advisory boards of several universities and Government organizations. He is a member of the IT advisory committee, CSIRO, Australia, ITU High Level Experts Group for the Global Cybersecurty Agenda (GCA), a member of the Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology (VCAT) for NIST, and a member of World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on Innovation. He has served on the Strategy Review Board of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Taiwan; Council of Deans of the Aeronautics Advisory Committee, NASA; National Research Council Board on Manufacturing and Engineering Design; member of eTreasury Pennsylvania Advisory Board (Appointed by Pennsylvania Treasurer Robin Weissman), and Senior Advisory Group for the DARPA Program on Joint Unmanned Combat Air Systems.
Research.
Khosla’s research has resulted in three books and more than 350 journal articles and conference and book contributions. His interests are multidisciplinary encompassing the areas of internet-enabled collaborative design and distributed manufacturing, collaborating autonomous systems, agent-based architectures for distributed design and embedded control, software composition and reconfigurable software for real-time embedded systems, reconfigurable and distributed robotic systems, integrated design-assembly planning systems and distributed information systems.
Achievements.
Khosla is a frequent keynote speaker at international conferences, and invited to participate in thought leadership forums organized by Fortune Magazine, AMD, the Milken Institute, the World Economic Forum, Techonomy, and the Blouin Foundation, amongst others. He has also served on editorial boards of journals and book series.
He is the recipient of several awards including the ASEE George Westinghouse Award for Education in 1999, the Silicon-India Leadership award for Excellence in Academics and Technology (2000), the W. Wallace McDowell Award from IEEE Computer Society (2001), the Cyber Education Champion Award from the Business Software Alliance (2007), Lifetime Achievement Award of the "Computers and Information in Engineering Division" of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) (2009), and the Pan IIT Academic Excellence Award (2009). For his contributions to technology and education, he has been elected as a Fellow of IEEE (1995), the American Association of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) (2003), the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) (2004), the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) (2010), and member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) (2006). Khosla was also selected to join the prestigious Council on Competitiveness' Technology Leadership Strategy Initiative (TLSI), a collaborative effort designed to chart the most promising frontiers of technology and competitive advantage arenas for the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21404608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404608" title="Fordham railway station">
Fordham railway station

"For the active station in New York, see Fordham (Metro-North station)"
Fordham railway station is a disused railway station that served the village of Fordham, Cambridgeshire.
Opened in 1879, the station formed the junction between the Cambridge to Mildenhall railway and the Ipswich to Ely Line in England. The Mildenhall branch closed to passengers in 1962 followed by the station in 1965.
The site today.
The yard and buildings were used in turn by a roofing/scaffolding contractor, and as a waste management depot. In March 2009 a planning application was submitted to Cambridgeshire County Council proposing to demolish the station and replace it with a recycling centre.
Trains still pass the site on the Ipswich to Ely Line.

</doc>
<doc id="21404614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404614" title="Yankee Stadium (disambiguation)">
Yankee Stadium (disambiguation)

Yankee Stadium can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21404619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404619" title="Kisik Lee">
Kisik Lee

Kisik Lee is the National Head Coach of the US Olympic Archery Training Program and has held this position since January 2006. Many consider him to be the first person to bring the scientific method to archery training. Coach Lee is the former head coach of the Korean Olympic archery team and was the personal coach to 2000 Gold Medalist Simon Fairweather and 2004 Bronze Medalist Tim Cuddihy.
Most recently, Lee has been known for his extensive work with archer Brady Ellison on his way to becoming a member of the 2008 US Olympic Team and six World Cup medals, as well as the Final of the World Cup. Some believe it is a testament to Lee's methods that by 2011 and leading into the London 2012 Olympics, the US men are ranked first in the world and the U.S. women are seventh.
The National Training System and the Kisik Lee Shot Cycle (KSL Shot Cycle II).
The National Training System (N.T.S.) is the official method of shooting form that coaches are required to learn in order to be certified by USA Archery. Created by Kisik Lee, the NTS is based on his analysis of body control, muscular requirements, and mental concentration needed to generate a good shot.
It is formerly known by the B.E.S.T. (Biomechanical Efficient Shooting Technique) method of shot execution. Both the BEST Method and its newer, more advanced incarnation as the NTS, contain many elements of Kisik Lee's Shot Cycle. This separates an archer's shot into twelve steps and focuses on biomechanics, the study of how best to apply mechanical principles to human physiological actions. 
Among the coaches and experts that Lee recruited to help improve the NTS was biomechanical engineer and researcher Gary Yamaguchi. In his professional career, he has studied techniques and injuries in the sports of golf, tennis, skiing, and rock climbing. Yamaguchi says he decided to investigate the claims of the new method and after analyzing the postures and movements, he found that it "had merit." Now serving as the Biomechanical Science Adviser of the Junior Dream Team, as well as a certified Coach, Yamaguchi continues to work with Lee to utilize his "professional training to increase our understanding of the biomechanics of archery, with the ultimate goal of enhancing performance while reducing injuries."
The KSL Shot Cycle II is the latest version of Lee's methodology that builds off the lessons he gained after working closely with the Junior Dream Team and the dedicated Resident Athlete archers at the Olympic Training Center, who are encouraged to use the form for hundreds of arrows on a daily basis. The twelve steps of the KSL Shot Cycle II are as follows:
1. Stance 
2. Nocking the arrow
3. Hooking the string
4. Gripping the bow 
5. Mindset 
6. Set-up 
7. Drawing 
8. Anchoring 
9. Loading/transfer to holding 
10. Aiming and expansion 
11. Release and follow-through
12. Relaxation, reflection, and feedback
Controversy concerning Lee's religious coaching style.
Lee came under scrutiny during 2008 after "The New York Times" reported some athletes felt uncomfortable with his strong advocacy of a religious lifestyle for the athletes at the Olympic Training Center. According to the article, Lee frequently held Bible study classes, encouraged his archers to sing hymns and attend church, and sponsored the baptisms of at least four archers, including Brady Ellison.
A follow-up article from the Times in November of that year confirmed that Lee had ceased to mix spirituality and archery: "In a recent telephone interview, Lee said he no longer held Bible-study classes, and executives for USA Archery said they had explained to Lee that such behavior was unacceptable."
Controversy concerning the NTS.
The same follow-up article in the Times aptly named Lee a "a controversial figure" who attracts two kinds of people: "fans who say his style brings uniformity to the sport, but also critics who are reluctant to give up their own methods."
Opponents of the NTS see Lee's efforts to change archery technique as negative, saying that the NTS stunts innovation and experimentation on the part of the athlete. Yet USA Archery has no policy forcing archers to adopt the method and several top US archers have not made the switch, including Olympian Butch Johnson and Sydney Silver Medalist Vic Wunderle. Proponents of the NTS point to the repeatable nature of the system, and the logic of having a scientifically-based method that can be shared easily and implemented consistently on a nationwide basis.
Some believe the NTS method is better suited for the "stockier build" of Korean archers, although no studies have shown height or ethnic physiology to have a significant impact on the benefits of the NTS. In fact, proponents often cite anecdotal evidence in claims that training with the NTS alleviated back or shoulder pain previously associated with shooting other techniques, as well as sports psychology issues such as target panic.
Teresa Iaconi, coach of 17-year old 2012 Olympic hopeful Ariel Gibilaro, told ESPN that she was "once of NTS' biggest skeptics." Says Iaconi, "I refused to teach it for three years because I didn't understand it. But I read up on it, and I now understand that it is based on biomechanics. It doesn't stunt innovation because no one is forced to use the system. We have several top archers who don't use it. But what I like is that now we finally have an easy and repeatable way to teach archery."

</doc>
<doc id="21404635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404635" title="Video ecard">
Video ecard

Video ecards are similar to traditional electronic greeting cards, however, the content or subject of the ecard is presented in a video format. The recipient of the video ecard views the message through a video player, and there is often some type of greeting or text message to convey a theme or message, typically of a holiday or special event.
The process of creating a video ecard involves creating a video, either through a webcam or by using a video camera and editing software, uploading the video to a hosting provider, and designating the recipients of the ecard.
The latest wave of personalized Video Ecards allows users to share videos and music in style, as a video ecard or greeting, after recording the video message right from the comfort of their browser, or current social community. 
Available in Facebook as a new way to express life, moments and share personal stories.

</doc>
<doc id="21404661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404661" title="Fences and Windows">
Fences and Windows

Fences and Windows: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the Globalization Debate is a 2002 book by Canadian journalist Naomi Klein and editor Debra Ann Levy. The book is a collection of newspaper articles, mostly from "The Globe and Mail", with a few magazine articles from "The Nation" and speech transcripts. The articles and speeches were all written by Klein in the 30 months after the publication of her first book, "No Logo", from December 1999 to March 2002. The articles focus upon the anti-globalization movement, including protest events and responses by law enforcement. The book was published in North America and the United Kingdom in October 2002.
The imagery of fences and windows appear through the work. The fences represent exclusion and barriers while the windows are opportunities for expressing alternative ideas. The book garnered both positive and negative reviews. Two of the articles were singled out as exceptional by several reviewers. One article, "America is not a Hamburger", discusses the US State Department's attempt to re-brand America's image overseas. The second, "The Brutal Calculus of Suffering", discusses media portrayals of war.
Background.
The unexpected success of her first book, "No Logo", extended author and journalist Naomi Klein's book tour beyond its original two-week schedule. She spent the next 30 months traveling the world promoting the book, as well as writing newspaper articles covering the anti-globalization movement. Most of her articles were originally published in the Canadian national newspaper "The Globe and Mail" while some were published by "The Nation", "The New York Times" and "The Guardian". During this time she resisted her publisher's urgings to write a new book and the pressure to match "No Logo"'s success was bearing down upon her. She relented to the pressure for another publication by collecting the best of the articles and speeches she had written since "No Logo". She did not intend this new book to be a sequel or follow-up, but rather a stand alone collection of writing.
Content.
The first section, entitled "Windows of Dissent", begins with an article written for "The New York Times", wherein she covers the 1999 Seattle protests, which she calls the coming-out party of the anti-globalization movement. The remaining five articles in the section come from "The Globe and Mail", with one from "The Nation", and cover World Bank, International Monetary Fund, and World Trade Organization (WTO) protests in Washington, D.C., Prague and Toronto from April to September 2000. She describes the protesters as hundreds of decentralized groups with various independent interests, leaderless but organized and searching for a strategy.
The next section, "Fencing in Democracy", consists of articles from "The Globe and Mail" and the transcript of a speech. The section is divided into two sub-sections. The first explores some of the impacts that economic globalization has had on communities, focusing on Mexico and Argentina, and misconceptions that supporters of the WTO-associated organizations have of the anti-globalization movement. The second focuses on the co-opting of the commons, such as genetics, culture, and public sector infrastructure, for private economic gains.
The third section, "Fencing in the Movement", chronicles the escalation of security tactics to counter protesters. Klein finds that police have been removing the distinction between civil disobedience and violence and purposefully normalizing violence so it is the expected outcome, not a rare event. She matches the decline of civil liberties and freedom of speech with the rise of free speech zones, indiscriminate use of tear gas and pepper spray, plain clothes officers, surveillance, and pre-emptive arrests. The fourth section, "Capitalizing on Terror", discusses opportunism that used the September 11 attacks to further political and economic objectives. In an editorial piece for the "Los Angeles Times", Klein argues that the US has sold its image too well as the land of opportunity and plenty and that rising anti-Americanism was the result of the US inability to share this.
The final section, "Windows to Democracy", contains two articles written for "The Nation", two for "The Globe and Mail" and one for "The Guardian". These articles examine potential directions for the movement to take, focusing upon the World Social Forum, Mexican Zapatistas, and political parties. The final article calls upon the movement to shift from attacking symbols of globalization at protests and use the decentralized local groups to provide alternatives: define themselves as fighting for, rather than against, something.
Most of the book's content is freely and legally available in the form of individual articles on Klein's website. It should be noted however that the printed text has often been edited or reworked, in some cases very heavily. These are the links to the individual articles in the printed list of contents order:
Style and themes.
The book takes the form of an anthology of news and magazine articles, along with the transcripts of several speeches, all written by Klein between December 1999 and March 2002. With the help of Debra Ann Levy, the articles were edited to fit them better together in the book. A preface, with original writing, is used by Klein to introduce her background on how she came to write the articles, provide context for the content, and set up the themes. The two most predominant themes are the two title images, "fences" and "windows". The fences represent exclusion and are portrayed, both literally and metaphorically, as the barriers that keep protesters away from the economic meetings, the walls between factories and neighbouring impoverished communities, and the restrictions on intellectual property or the commons. The windows are opportunities where dissenting or alternative voices and ideas can be expressed.
Publication and reception.
"Fences and Windows" was published as a trade paperback by Picador in the US, Vintage Canada in Canada, and Flamingo in the UK. It was released in October 2002 with little promotion. The resulting sales were lower than expected. A portion of the book's proceeds was given to a legal defense fund for activists and for education concerning global democracy. Just after the book's release, a debate on the topic of globablization was held between Klein and "The Economist" journalist Sameena Ahmad in New York.
Reception to the book was mixed. Reviewers found that the collection of re-printed journalistic articles made the book sometimes repetitive, lacking details, historical context and analysis of its subjects. Some reviewers criticized the book's silence on alternatives to globalization or the democracy that lead to globalization. The writing was variously described as choppy, colourful, engaging, and straightforward. Singled out as being exceptionally well done was Klein's "Los Angeles Times" article "America is not a Hamburger", which described the American attempt to re-brand itself by believing that the escalating anti-Americanism was a misunderstanding rather than a reaction to American policy directions. Klein's October 2001 speech at a journalism conference in Stockholm was also singled out as being very well done. Entitled "The Brutal Calculus of Suffering", it contrasted the media depictions of American versus non-American deaths.
The reviewer for the feminist magazine "Herizons" wrote, ""Fences and Windows" was written to be read and shared and talked about and carried around in your bag. It is a book that begs you to write in the margins, and highlight relevant quotes because it's filled with stories, insights, shocking statistics, inspiring anecdotes and refreshing critiques. It's small, it's smart and it's jammed with information and ideas that inspire hope and motivate action." Similarly, reviewing for "The Guardian", Stuart Christie wrote, "This is a book to be savoured and referred to every so often, even if just to recharge one's moral batteries." In The "Globe and Mail", Stan Persky wrote, "What I like about Klein's reflections on the nascent movement that she both participates in and analyzes is that she indulges in minimal rhetorical rah-rah. Nor does she fudge the shortcomings and screwups of the fledgling activists."
The reviews in "The Economist" and "Books in Canada", the latter written by Shane Neilson, were very negative. Neilson called the work "idiocy", "intellectual sloppiness that approaches dishonesty", maintaining that "the ideological failure of this book is total." He argued that Klein assumed, rather than proved, that the international organizations which were being protested against were guilty of the protesters' charges. "The Economist" review criticized Klein for ignoring the "benefits" of globalization, like "lifting people out of poverty", and for failing to present a coherent alternative. The reviewer called Klein "an angry adolescent" and opined that her reporting was assisting "a cause that can only harm the people she claims to care most about". Klein called "The Economist" review "personal and childish" on her web page two days later.

</doc>
<doc id="21404672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404672" title="Tapan Bagchi">
Tapan Bagchi

Tapan Bagchi (born 23 October 1967, in Madaripur District, Bangladesh) is a poet, rhyme composer, researcher, and journalist based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Tapan Bagchi is a major poet of his times in the Bengali language.
His mother Jyotirmoyee Bagchi is a housewife and his father Tustocharan Bagchi was graduated from the University of Dhaka and served the nation as a gazetted officer. Bagchi's wife Keya Bala is a member of BCS (general education) cadre service. They are the parents of Tuneer Bagchi and Dwitiya Bagchi Chhuti. Poet Tapan Bagchi has four books of poems. He has written almost 32 books in various issues. These are published from the prominent publishing house of Bangladesh such as Bangla Academy, Nazrul Institute, MMC, BCDJC etc.
Education.
Poet Tapan Bagchi studied in Kadambari High School- Madaripur, Govt Rajendra College-Faridpur and Dhaka University. He has an MA degree in Mass Communication and Journalism from the University of Dhaka. He earned his PhD degree in Traditional Communication by doing research under the supervision of renowned Lalon-researcher Professor Dr. Abul Ahsan Chowdhury and Poet Dr. Mohammad Moniruzzaman.
Profession.
Dr Tapan Bagchi is a Research Scholar by Profession. He is now working as a Deputy Director in the Department of Research Compilation & Folklore of Bangla Academy. He worked at World Literature Centre, MassLine Media centre, Bangladesh Rice Research Institute (BRRI), Bangladesh Press Institute (PIB), The daily Amader Shomoy, Other Vision Communication (OVC), The Weekly 2000, Ekushey Television and The daily Prothom Alo.
Interests.
Poetry, Journalism, Research, ICT, Folklore, Music

</doc>
<doc id="21404689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404689" title="Donald Luddington">
Donald Luddington

Sir Donald Collin Cumyn Luddington, KBE, CMG, CVO (, 18 August 1920 – 26 January 2009) was a British colonial government official and civil servant who served firstly in the Hong Kong Government and became District Commissioner, New Territories and the Secretary for Home Affairs successively, during which he had also served as an official member of the Legislative Council. He was later promoted to Oceania and was High Commissioner for the Western Pacific and afterwards, Governor of the Solomon Islands during the period from 1973 to 1976. He returned to Hong Kong in 1977 to replace Sir Ronald Holmes as chairman of the Public Service Commission. He was the second person, after Sir Jack Cater, to hold the post of Commissioner of ICAC from 1978 until his retirement in 1980.
Biography.
Early years.
Luddington was born on 18 August 1920 in Edinburgh, Scotland. His father, Norman John Luddington, was a civil servant in British Ceylon and his mother was Myrtle Amethyst Payne. He studied at Dover College and then the University of St Andrews, where he obtained a MA degree.
From 1940 to 1946, he served in the British Army and fought in the Second World War. He was initially commissioned as a second lieutenant in the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry (KOYLI) on 28 December 1940, and transferred to the Royal Armoured Corps (RAC) on 22 October 1941. He saw action in India and Arakan, Burma amongst others, and was Mentioned in Despatches on 5 April 1945. By that time he was a lieutenant, he continued to hold his emergency commission until 19 July 1952 when he transferred to the Reserve of Officers, and was granted the honorary rank of captain.
Colonial services.
In February 1949, Luddington arrived at Hong Kong as a cadet and began his career as a colonial official in Hong Kong. He was initially sent to Tai Po as a District Officer and in later time served in various government departments including the Secretariat for Chinese Affairs, the Hong Kong Police Force, the Colonial Secretariat and the Commerce and Industry Department. Apart from that, he also served in the Royal Hong Kong Regiment from 1949 to 1955. In November 1960, he was appointed Defence Secretary and Principal Assistant Colonial Secretary and was responsible for overseeing the security issues of Hong Kong. He later served successively as Deputy Secretary for Home Affairs and Deputy Director of Commerce and Industry in the mid-1960s and became a member of the Hong Kong Management Association. In April 1969, Luddington replaced Kenneth Strathmore Kinghorn as District Commissioner, New Territories, thus becoming an official member of the Legislative Council appointed by then Governor Sir David Trench under the approval from the Queen. In June that year he was further appointed as an official Justice of the Peace.
In May 1971, Luddington succeeded (later Sir) Ronald Holmes as the Secretary for Home Affairs and became a principal government official. However, as Rafael Hui, a former junior colleague to Luddington recalled, he was too upright, and therefore, was not on very good terms with the diplomat-turned new Governor, Sir Murray MacLehose. It was said that in one occasion MacLehose had ordered something for Luddington's subordinates to follow-up. Nevertheless, Luddington deemed the diplomatic-like orders were nonsense and dismissed all of them. As a result in May 1973, he was "promoted" to Oceania by the Governor. He was appointed High Commissioner for the Western Pacific on 10 October 1973 and his major duty was to administer a small and remote British colony, the British Solomon Islands. Yet, to let Luddington leave Hong Kong with dignity, he was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George before being appointed as High Commissioner. On 21 August 1974, he was further appointed as Governor of the British Solomon Islands Protectorate and he continued to serve this position until January 1976. After that the position of High Commissioner for the Western Pacific was abolished and thus he was the last person to hold this post.
During his term as Governor, he entertained the Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip in their royal visit to the Solomon Islands in February 1974. He was subsequently appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order for his hospitality to the Queen. Furthermore, under his supervision, a new constitution was adopted in 1974 establishing a parliamentary democracy and ministerial system of government for the colony. In mid-1975, the name "Solomon Islands" officially replaced that of "British Solomon Islands Protectorate" which paved way for the colony to self-government and independence. Luddington left the governorship in January 1976 and self-government was established immediately. Two years later, the Solomon Islands gained independence from the United Kingdom as a Commonwealth realm. Luddington was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours in June 1976 for his services to Oceania.
In May 1977, Sir Donald returned to Hong Kong to succeed Sir Ronald Holmes as chairman of the Public Service Commission. He left the post in March 1978 but was appointed to replace Jack Cater as the second Commissioner of ICAC by Governor MacLehose on 4 July in the same year. During his term as the Commissioner, he strived to improve the stained relationship between the ICAC and the Royal Hong Kong Police Force and helped ICAC build up its public image as a public body devoted to anti-corruption. He finally retired from the government in November 1980.
Later years.
Luddington spent his later years in retirement in Easingwold, Yorkshire. He died in a hospital in Harrogate on 26 January 2009 at the age of 88. Under the arrangement of his family members, his funeral took place in the Easingwold Parish Church at 11:00 on 2 February. By the time of his death, he was the last surviving former High Commissioner for the Western Pacific. After his death, both the then Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang and then ICAC Commissioner Timothy Tong sent their condolences to the family of Luddington. They praised his contribution to Hong Kong while Luddington was described by Tsang as "a long-time friend" of him.
Family.
Luddington was married to Garry Brodie Johnston, daughter of Alexander Buchanan Johnston, in 1945. The couple had one son and one daughter. Lady Luddington once served as the Vice President of the Hong Kong Girl Guides Association. She died on 4 November 2002. Sir Donald's hobbies included reading and walking. He was a member of the Royal Commonwealth Society and the Hong Kong Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21404699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404699" title="John Torres">
John Torres

John Torres is an American Songwriter, Recording Artist and sometimes Actor, from Los Angeles, California. He is best known for his original songs, and performances.
His music has been featured in popular films and television shows and has received numerous honors, including a John Lennon Songwriting Award, a nomination for an American Independent Music Award, and a short listing for Best Original Song by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
He has performed in major venues throughout the country and abroad. Among his favorites were The Disney Concert Hall and Dodger Stadium.
As an actor, Torres originated the original lead role of Drew in the first ever production of the now Broadway hit musical and film "Rock of Ages." He also co-starred as Peter in the first major production of the musical "Bare: A Pop Opera" (Nominated for 18 Ovation Awards).
To date he has released 4 official studio releases as well as numerous singles and music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="21404701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404701" title="Perfecta (album)">
Perfecta (album)

Perfecta is the fifth album by alternative rock band Adam Again.

</doc>
<doc id="21404709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404709" title="Colin Burgess">
Colin Burgess

Colin Burgess may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21404754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404754" title="Governorates of Bahrain">
Governorates of Bahrain

Bahrain is split into five governorates. These governorates are:
History.
The first municipality in Bahrain was the 8-member Manama municipality which was established in July 1919. Members of the municipality were elected annually; the municipality was said to have been the first municipality to be established in the Arab world. The municipality was in charge of cleaning roads and renting buildings to tenants and shops. By 1929, it undertook road expansions as well as opening markets and slaughterhouses. In 1958, the municipality started water purification projects. In 1960, Bahrain comprised four municipalities including "Manama", "Hidd", "Al Muharraq", and "Riffa". Over the next 30 years, the 4 municipalities were divided into 12 municipalities as settlements such as Hamad Town and Isa Town grew. These municipalities were administered from Manama under a central municipal council whose members are appointed by the king.
The first municipal elections to be held in Bahrain after independence in 1971, was in 2002. The most recent was in 2010.
Constituencies.
A specific number of adjacent city blocks are grouped together to form an area (listed as area 1, area 2 etc.). Each of these areas forms a constituency in the country's electorate. Every four years, elections are held in these constituencies, with each constituency electing its own MP. The most recent election was in the Bahraini parliamentary by-election in 2011.
Each governorate also has its own municipality council, with separate elections for them.

</doc>
<doc id="21404759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404759" title="Lincoln Boyhood Home">
Lincoln Boyhood Home

Lincoln Boyhood Home could refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21404782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404782" title="Yashica Lynx">
Yashica Lynx

The Lynx is a family of rangefinder cameras made by Japanese company Yashica from the early-1960s with coupled and fixed lenses.
Models.
The Lynx 1000 was introduced in 1960. It has a 1:1.8 45 mm lens with 6 elements in 4 groups. The diaphragm shutter is capable of a maximum speed of 1/1000 second, an extra stop faster than most other diaphragm shutters. Light is metered using a small selenium photovoltaic cell behind a lens array, powering a galvanometer. The film speed for the metering system can be set from 10 to 800 ASA.
The Lynx 5000 was introduced in 1962. It was an upgrade to the Lynx 1000 and replaced the photovoltaic cell with a cadmium sulfide (CdS) photoresistor, requiring a mercury battery for the light meter.
The Lynx 14 was released in 1965. The lens of the 1000/5000 was replaced by a large 1:1.4 45 mm with 7 elements in 5 groups. The shutter is capable of a maximum speed of 1/500 second.
In 1968 the Lynx 5000e and Lynx 14e were introduced. These variants both switched to two PX640 batteries instead of a single PX625 in order to drive a more sensitive light sensor with a higher voltage. The galvanometer of the light meter was replaced with two indicator lights, showing when the exposure was "over" or "under".

</doc>
<doc id="21404790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404790" title="Pave Maijanen">
Pave Maijanen

Pekka Juhani "Pave" Maijanen (born 3 September 1950 in Lappeenranta) is a famous Finnish musician, who has worked as a singer, songwriter, bass player, keyboard player, drummer, guitarist and producer during his long career. As well as his solo career, Maijanen is known from bands such as The Royals, Rock'n'Roll Band, Pepe & Paradise and as the keyboard player and producer of Dingo and Hurriganes. Maijanen's first work as producer was the album "Nuclear Nightclub" by Wigwam.
Career.
Pave Maijanen became interested in music at the age of 6, when he started playing the harmonica. In the 1960s, he was already playing in several bands, the most famous of which was "Mielikummitus", the background band of singer Kristian. Maijanen's music career continued as the bass player of the famous band Pepe & Paradise and as the vocalist of The Royals. Maijanen also acted as the vocalist on the albums of guitar virtuoso Albert Järvinen. Maijanen's first solo single ""Fever"" appeared in 1975. In the early 1980s, Maijanen founded the band Pave's Mistakes, which produced two albums. On the second album "Pidä huolta" Pave composed, wrote and interpreted his first Finnish recordings. The title song of the album became one of the greatest hits of 1981.
The first album to be named after only Maijanen was the solo album "Tanssivat kengät", which appeared in 1983 and contained the disco funk hit ""Aiaiai"", published in the previous year. For the whole 1980s, Pave has produced Finnish rock and pop music on his solo records. Maijanen wrote most of his songs himself, under the pseudonym Maija Paavonen. Hector also wrote lyrics for Pave's records. In the middle 1980s, Pave Maijanen's solo career was at its most popular. The albums "Maijanen" (1984) and "Palava sydän" (1985) got the diamond record award and the album "Maailman tuulet" (1987) got the gold record award. Maijanen's hits also include "Lähtisitkö", "Jano", "Joki ja meri", "Elämän nälkä" and "Ikävä". Maijanen was also a famous record producer in the 1980s. He also produced Hurriganes' last albums and the famous records of Dingo. Maijanen has also been called "the sixth Dingo" because he was actively involved in Dingo's activities in the 1980s and the band never went to the studio without him.
In the 1990s, Maijanen's career went into a downfall. His records didn't sell like they used to and a great misfortune was the last place at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with the song ""Yamma Yamma"". When his own solo career was quiet, Maijanen acted as the keyboard player on Dingo's comeback gigs from 1993 to 1994 and played all keyboard parts on Dingo's album "Via Finlandia". At the end of the 1990s, Pave came back to the limelights, when the group "Mestarit Areenalla", consisting of him, Kirka, Hector and Pepe Willberg sold out at Finnish ice hockey halls and he also organised his own concert at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium, becoming the first ever Finnish artist to do so.
Pave Maijanen has been an employed musician and produced for his whole career, so he has always worked in music.
Pave Maijanen has also produced music for the television. For example, the Finnish version of the theme song of the cartoon "DuckTales" is sung by him.

</doc>
<doc id="21404798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404798" title="Criminal law consolidation Acts 1861">
Criminal law consolidation Acts 1861

The criminal law consolidation Acts 1861 (24 & 25 Vict. cc. 94 - 100) were Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. They consolidated provisions from a large number of earlier statutes which were then repealed. Their purpose was to simplify the criminal law. There were six consolidation Acts and a further Act which effected consequential repeals.
They are essentially revised versions of an earlier set of consolidation Acts, commonly known as Peel's Acts, incorporating subsequent statutes.
They were drafted by Charles Sprengel Greaves.
List of the Acts.
Of these statutes, the Criminal Statutes Repeal Act, the Larceny Act and the Coinage Offences Act have been repealed in England and Wales. The majority of the provisions of Accessories and Abettors Act, the Malicious Damage Act and the Forgery Act have been repealed and the last two have been practically superseded by codification Acts. However, the bulk of the Offences Against the Person Act remains in force.
Interpretation.
Internal evidence of meaning by comparison of enactments
In his commentary on these Acts, their draftsman said:
This passage was cited and approved by Lord Steyn in R v. Burstow, R v. Ireland 1 Cr App Rep 177, [1997 3 WLR 534, AC 147, [1997 UKHL 34, 4 All ER 225, (24 July 1997) (this case related to the significance of the appearance of "cause" and "inflict" respectively in sections 18 and 20 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861).
Common features.
Short titles
None of these Acts was originally provided with a short title. The short titles were conferred by the Short Titles Act 1896.
Derivative legislation.
The Canadian criminal law consolidation Acts of 1869 were based on the criminal law consolidation Acts 1861, and taken almost textually from them.
The Tasmanian Acts 27 Vict. Nos. 5 - 10 were framed from the Imperial Acts 24 & 25 Vict c 94 and cc 96 - 100.

</doc>
<doc id="21404811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404811" title="Empress Dowager Zheng (Xuānzong)">
Empress Dowager Zheng (Xuānzong)

Empress Dowager Zheng (鄭太后, personal name unknown) (died December 26, 865), formally Empress Xiaoming (孝明皇后, "the filial and understanding empress"), was an empress dowager of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. She was a concubine to Emperor Xianzong and, after her son Emperor Xuānzong became emperor, she became empress dowager and continued to serve in that role until her death, during the reign of her grandson Emperor Yizong (when she was grand empress dowager).
Background.
It is not known when the future Empress Dowager Zheng was born, and little is known about her family. According to the "Book of Tang", at the time that that history was compiled, the old records were missing as to her family origins or how she entered the palace. However, according to the "New Book of Tang", she was from Danyang (丹楊, in modern Nanjing, Jiangsu), and her surname might have been originally Erzhu (爾朱). Further according to the "New Book of Tang", early in the "Yuanhe" era (806–820) of Emperor Xianzong, when her home region was ruled by the military governor ("Jiedushi") Li Qi, a fortuneteller prophesied that she would give birth to an emperor. Hearing this, Li Qi decided to take her as a concubine. After Li Qi was defeated and executed in 807, she was confiscated and taken into the imperial palace, where she became a servant girl of Emperor Xianzong's wife Consort Guo.
As imperial consort.
At some point, Emperor Xianzong had sexual relations with Lady Zheng, and she gave birth to the 13th of his 20 sons, Li Yi. It was implied by the "Book of Tang" that she was then made an imperial consort with the relatively low rank of "Yunü" (御女).
As princess dowager.
Emperor Xianzong died in 820, and his son by Consort Guo, Li Heng became emperor (as Emperor Muzong). In 821, he created a number of his brothers princes, and it was at that time that Li Yi was created the Prince of Guang. Consort Zheng thus became Princess Dowager of Guang. Her activities during this time were not recorded in history, although it was said that, in 846, her younger brother Zheng Guang (鄭光) dreamed of a wagon bearing the sun and the moon, and six lighted candles uniting into one. A fortuneteller informed him that this was a sign of great fortune to come.
As empress dowager.
Later in 846, Li Yi's nephew Emperor Wuzong (Emperor Muzong's son) was seriously ill, and the powerful eunuchs inside the palace, believing that Li Yi would be easily-controlled, issued an edict in Emperor Wuzong's name creating Li Yi crown prince and renaming him to Li Chen. When Emperor Wuzong died shortly thereafter, Li Chen became emperor (as Emperor Xuānzong). He honored Princess Dowager Zheng as an empress dowager. (There were thus three empresses dowager at that time, with Emperor Muzong's mother Consort Guo then being grand empress dowager, and the mother of Emperor Wuzong's brother and predecessor Emperor Wenzong, Empress Dowager Xiao known as Empress Dowager Jiqing (as she resided at Jiqing Palace (積慶宮)), until her death in 846.) Zheng Guang, on account of his being Empress Dowager Zheng's brother, was initially made a general, and then the military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Weifang, Shandong).
In 848, Grand Empress Dowager Guo died — purportedly murdered by Emperor Xuānzong. Empress Dowager Zheng had long resented Grand Empress Dowager Guo from the days when she was a servant girl under then-Consort Guo. It was said that because of this, and because Emperor Xuānzong suspected Grand Empress Dowager Guo of being complicit in Emperor Xianzong's suspicious death, Emperor Xuānzong did not accord Grand Empress Dowager Guo great respect, causing her to be distressed, almost committing suicide. On one occasion, she nearly jumped off a tower, and it was said that Emperor Xuānzong was greatly displeased and had her murdered. Emperor Xuānzong eventually wanted to allow his mother to be buried with his father Emperor Xianzong, and so initially, he would not let Grand Empress Dowager Guo be buried with Emperor Xianzong. However, after a controversy erupted, he relented.
It was said that Emperor Xuānzong served his mother in a filially pious way, and because she did not want to reside anywhere else, she remained at his Daming Palace. Also because of her, after Zheng Guang served as military governor of Pinglu, Zheng Guang was given another term as military governor of Hezhong Circuit (河中, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). On an occasion when Zheng Guang was at the capital Chang'an to give homage to Emperor Xuānzong, however, Emperor Xuānzong asked him for advice and was distressed to hear what he thought to be unworthy responses. He kept Zheng Guang at Chang'an, giving him a general title. Empress Dowager Zheng repeatedly told him that Zheng Guang was poor, and the emperor responded by awarding Zheng Guang great wealth, but did not again allow Zheng Guang to govern the people.
As grand empress dowager.
Emperor Xuānzong died in 859 and was succeeded by his son Li Cui (as Emperor Yizong). Emperor Yizong honored Empress Dowager Zheng as grand empress dowager. She died in 865. As Empress Dowager Guo was already buried with Emperor Xianzong and enshrined at his temple, she was neither; rather, she was buried near Emperor Xianzong's tomb and enshrined in a separate temple.
In fiction.
Played by Mary Hon, a fictionalized version of Empress Dowager Zheng was portrayed in 2009 Hong Kong's TVB television series, Beyond the Realm of Conscience.

</doc>
<doc id="21404814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404814" title="Inga Thompson">
Inga Thompson

Inga Thompson is a road bicycle racing professional from Reno, Nevada. She started professional cycling at 20, in 1984. That year she rode the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics road race and finished 21st. Her career ran from 1984 to 1993. She competed in two more Olympics(1988,1992), won 10 National Championships (1987,1988,1991,1993), and finished second in three world championships (1987,1990,1991).
She was recognizable by her long braid which she clipped to her uniform.

</doc>
<doc id="21404830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404830" title="1984 Mannar massacre">
1984 Mannar massacre

The 1984 Mannar massacre was the killing of between 107 and 150 minority Sri Lankan Tamils civilians by Sri Lankan Army soldiers in the town of Mannar, north-western Sri Lanka, on December 4, 1984. The attack was triggered when three Army jeeps hit a land mine, killing one soldier. In retaliation, landmarks such as the Central hospital, the post office, a Roman Catholic convent as well as villagers working in rice paddy fields and bus passengers were attacked. Villages around Mannar town such as Murunkan and Parappankadal were also attacked. Immediately after the incident, the then Sri Lankan President J. R. Jayawardene appointed a Presidential commission of inquiry. A local Roman Catholic priest, Mary Bastian who was a member Presidential commission was later killed on January 1985. A Methodist minister George Jeyarajasingham, who was a witness to the incident, was also killed in December 1984.
Background information.
During the British colonial period, when Sri Lanka was known as Ceylon, most (roughly 60%) civil service jobs were held by the minority Sri Lankan Tamils who constituted approximately 15% of the population. This was a result of the Western education provided by American missionaries and others in the Tamil dominated Jaffna peninsula. In order to win support amongst the majority Sinhalese people populist politicians initiated measures aimed at correcting the over representation of Tamils in the civil service. These measures, as well as riots and pogroms that targeted the Sri Lankan Tamils, led to the formation of a number of rebel groups advocating independence for Sri Lankan Tamils. Following the 1983 Black July pogrom full scale civil war erupted between the government and the rebel groups.
The incident.
On December 4, 1984 three Sri Lankan Army jeeps hit a land mine, killing one soldier and wounding eleven others. In retaliation, about thirty (30) soldiers went on a rampage, attacking public buildings and civilians in and around Mannar.
The soldiers attacked the central hospital; stopped vehicles and shot and killed the occupants; shot 15 employees of the post office by lining them up and shooting them, killing eight; opened fire on peasants in fields; and attacked a convent, stripping the nuns of watches, gold crucifixes and chains. Another group of soldiers stopped a bus and shot all the male passengers. A bus travelling in the opposite direction was also stopped and twenty of its passengers were shot dead. Off the main road, an army jeep drove into the village of Parappankadal. The soldiers fired indiscriminately, killing 12 of people including a mother nursing her infant child. The child survived but three of its toes were blown away by the bullet that killed its mother. Murunkan was another village affected the incident.
By the end, up to 150 people had been killed; another 20 were missing, mostly young male Tamils taken to army camps. It took three days to transport all the bodies.
Investigations.
The then Sri Lankan President J.R. Jayawardene instituted a Presidential commission to investigate the incident. Although many locals were reluctant to participate in the investigation, Mary Bastian, a Roman Catholic priest, participated in the investigation.
Rev Jeyarajasingham, a Methodist priest, was another the focal point of Human Rights activism on behalf of the local people He was also the local contact for the Sri Lankan government appointed presidential committee to investigate Human Rights violations in the Mannar district. Rev. Jeyarajasingham was shot dead on December 13, 1984 when he was travelling in his vehicle. Later his body was burnt along with his vehicle. Rev Fr Mary Bastian collected the remains of victims including Rev Jeyarajasingham and handed them to the Jeevothayam Methodist Centre. Rev Fr Mary Bastian was himself killed on January 6, 1985 allegedly by the military.

</doc>
<doc id="21404845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404845" title="Daniel Sandate">
Daniel Sandate

Daniel Sandate was the second known U.S. soldier to be deported from Canada (after having fled there from the United States Army) to the United States when he was deported July 16, 2008 from Niagara Falls, Canada.
Previously Daniel Sandate had completed one deployment in Iraq. Upon return to the US, he allegedly was denied adequate physical and mental health care at Fort Carson. In frustration, he fled to Brampton, Ontario where he lived for over 2 years. After a failed suicide attempt and his arrest by the Canadian authorities, he was removed from Canada. Upon return to the US, he was placed into custody and was later court-martialed at Fort Carson and given an 8-month prison sentence.
Daniel Sandate was represented by James M. Branum (of Pine Ridge, Oklahoma), William Durland (of Colorado Springs, Colorado) and Captain Seth Cohen (U.S. Army Trial Defense Service). Long's principal sentencing arguments focused on Sandate's suffering from post traumatic stress disorder which was the result of his time in Iraq and his potential for rehabilitation upon release.
He was released on January 20, 2009 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma and spoke publicly about his experience at a press conference in Oklahoma City on January 22, 2009 and at a peace march in Oklahoma City on March 22, 2009. Sandate is now living in Oklahoma City.
On or around March 22, 2009, Sandate wrote a statement to supporters in the United States and Canada asking for help to fight the pending deportation of Kimberly Rivera, a female U.S. soldier, from Canada. Sandate is now a member of Iraq Veterans Against the War.

</doc>
<doc id="21404856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404856" title="1934 Chicago Cardinals season">
1934 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1934 Chicago Cardinals season was their 15th in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–9–1, winning five games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the ninth consecutive season. Despite shutting out five of their opponents, they were also shutout four times; nine of their eleven games left one team scoreless. They also only had 302 yards passing the whole season, which remains an NFL record

</doc>
<doc id="21404893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404893" title="Fridley (Metro Transit station)">
Fridley (Metro Transit station)

Fridley Station is a commuter rail station in Fridley, Minnesota, located at Main Street NE and 61st Avenue NE. It is served by the Northstar Commuter Rail line. The station features bicycle lockers and two park and ride lots with a total capacity of 611 spaces. The commute time to downtown Minneapolis from this station is about 20 minutes. The fare from this station to any station on the line is $3.00 on weekdays and $2.50 on weekends and holidays. The station has a single platform on one main track, which is accessible on either side of the tracks through an underground tunnel.
History.
The doubled tracked main line for the BNSF Railway transcontinental railroad travels through Fridley after leaving Minneapolis. It runs parallel to the Mississippi River. The former Northern Pacific Railway and Great Northern Railway parallel main lines form this double track main. Fridley had been served by a flag stop station at Mississippi Boulevard between East River Road and University Avenue. The Minneapolis, Anoka and Cuyuna Range Railway, whose tracks ran along East River Road also had a station at Mississippi Boulevard.
With the elimination of commuter service to Anoka, Fridley had not been served by commuter rail. Metro Transit buses extend through Fridley.
The Fridley Station was planned as part of the Northstar Commuter rail project. The cost of construction was $9.9 million. The station was eliminated to save money because of a federal funding shortage. In late October 2008, the Counties Transit Improvement Board, which oversees spending of the new quarter-cent transit sales tax approved this year by the Minnesota state Legislature and five Twin Cities metro-area counties, decided to make the Fridley project one of its first funding priorities.
The connecting underground tunnel was completed by BNSF Railway crews over the Memorial Day weekend in May 2008 because the City of Fridley committed money to the project and spent $3.2 million to acquire for parking.
Third main line.
The Fridley station is at the westbound yard limit of the BNSF Railway Northtown classification yard. There are multiple rail sidings in the area on both sides of the double track main line. The current station has only one side of the platform in use, requiring the Northstar train to be on that track when traveling inbound to or outbound from Minneapolis. Trains cross to and from that track at Coon Creek Junction. The eventual plan is that BNSF will construct a third main line in the area, running from East Interstate (the bridge over Interstate 694) to Coon Creek Junction in Coon Rapids. This is a Transportation Investments Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant application submitted to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The third main line would improve capacity on the busiest rail corridor in the Twin Cities metropolitan area. In July 2009, this segment hosted 63 trains per day, before the 12 daily trips for Northstar are added. At Coon Creek Junction, 12 trains per day cut off to the Duluth line. The completion of the third main line will include construction of the Foley Boulevard station and allow for 22 more passenger trains per day for Northstar, the proposed Northern Lights Express, Amtrak, and possibly other services.

</doc>
<doc id="21404905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404905" title="Abraham Lincoln Statue (Kentucky)">
Abraham Lincoln Statue (Kentucky)

The Abraham Lincoln Statue is a historic statue in the Hodgenville Commercial Historic District's public square in Hodgenville, Kentucky. Adolph Alexander Weinman sculpted the statue, as he also did the Lincoln statue at the capitol rotunda at Frankfort, Kentucky. The Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historical Park is nearby.
The statue was the result of the Lincoln Monument Commission under the direction of Otis M. Mather, chairman. The Kentucky General Assembly commissioned the commission in 1904. It was built to commemorate the centennial of Abraham Lincoln's birth, which occurred a few miles south of Hodgenville on February 12, 1809. It was the Commission that decided to place the statue in Hodgenville's public square. Funding for the bronze statue was done by $10,000 from the United States Congress, $5,000 from the Kentucky General Assembly, and the rest from the residents of LaRue County, Kentucky. 
The official dedication was on May 31, 1909. Lincoln's son Robert Todd Lincoln was at the ceremony, and Lincoln's sister-in-law Mrs. Ben Hardin Helm did the unveiling. The statue was officially accepted for the commonwealth of Kentucky by Kentucky governor Augustus E. Willson. Over 10,000 people witnessed the ceremony.
The tall bronze statue features Lincoln sitting in an Empire style chair on a marble foundation. Stars are inlaid on a Greek fret band on the marble foundation. "Lincoln" is spelled out in bronze letters on the statues eastern facade. A replica of the statue is at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Robert Todd Lincoln on June 2, 1909 wrote a letter thanking Otis Mather for constructing the statue in his father's honor.
It was placed on the National Register on January 10, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21404937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404937" title="VGBoxArt">
VGBoxArt

VGBoxArt (VGBA) is an online community for video game hobbyists to showcase and discuss their mock-up boxarts, which are organized by the respective gaming console. As of 2012, it has been extended to custom artwork of other nature such as posters, album covers, book covers and DVD/Blu-ray covers. As of June 2012, the website has over 49,000 members, with over 30,000 boxart submissions and 857,000 comments.
Features.
Boxart submissions.
When a boxart design is submitted, it is added to the internal website database and dedicated a page where users view, favorite and/or comment the design.
Author pages.
Each user who registers is entitled an author page that exhibits the user's boxart submissions in chronological order, as well as achievements and statistics about the user.
Favorites.
Circa 2008, if a user author favorited another designer, they would appear under the designer's page.
Since late 2011, If a user favorites another author's boxart submission, it is placed in the user's "Favorites" section of their Designer page.
Users also have the ability to follow authors, who are shown in the designer's page under the "Following Me" section of the respective designer's page.
Favorites also allow a designer to increase in level. The more favorites one receives on a design, the higher the level they achieve.
Hall of Fame.
Boxarts, after gathering enough favorites, will be added to the "Hall of Fame". Requirements for a box to get into the Hall of Fame has evolved since the initial creation of the system. Originally, thirteen favorites were necessary for a boxart to reach the Hall of Fame. It later increased to twenty. The Hall of Fame system now calculates both the number of favorites and the rank of each user who submitted a favorite for the boxart. After gathering around 55-60 favorites, a box will normally transcend beyond the Hall of Fame into the highly exclusive "MasterWorks" section.
"Humor" Hall of Fame.
Once called the "Satire Hall of Fame", the Humor Hall of Fame consists of boxes with satirical, funny or humorous themes. At its inception in June 2007 this feature was titled "Satire Hall of Fame", but in 2008 it changed to the "Humor Hall of Fame". This section of the site was removed in 2011 as part of a major site redesign.
Resources.
In 2009, a "Resources" section was implemented to improve the main site. In this section, any author of a high ranking can submit a variety of boxart resources. Each resource submitted by an author will appear chronologically on his "Author Page" under his most recent boxarts.
Since 2011, Resources are posted only by designers who have reached a level of 10 or more. These resources then would be posted under the "Resources" section of the main site, and in chronological order under the designer's page.
Forums.
The VGBoxArt forum is the site's most popular feature. The forum is built on vBulletin technology. Members can share boxart ideas or receive critiques of their boxarts before initial submission to the main site. Members can also host or take part in various unofficial competitions and chat about things unrelated to boxart, prominently gaming topics.
A user is also entitled to his/her own Control Panel, which allows the user to change his/her publicly viewed personal information and settings.
Outside use.
Several outside websites and retailers, including toy store giant Toys "R" Us, have used fan-made boxart from VGBoxArt to promote a game (it is unknown whether these were unintentional or not).
Mock boxarts have also been featured in many online video gaming articles such as Joystiq, GamerBlips, Blogged and many others.
Bingegamer.com reported that Capcom was inspired by elements from a VGBA Resident Evil 5 fan boxart. It is still unsure whether this was intentional or purely coincidental.
Controversies.
Copyright and licensing issues.
Jeremiah Freyholtz (also known as "Reed"), the administrator of VGBoxArt, was forced by Lego to remove any Lego related mock up box arts from the site, and if he failed to do so, a lawsuit would be filed against him. This was due to Lego's strict copyright ownership of its images. A rule has since been implied which prohibits the uploading of any Lego related boxarts, or they will face an instant deletion.

</doc>
<doc id="21404943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404943" title="LCCE">
LCCE

LCCE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21404947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404947" title="Yamabiko">
Yamabiko

The is a high-speed Shinkansen train service operated on the Tōhoku Shinkansen between and by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan.
History.
1959–1963: Semi express.
On 1 February 1959, the name "Yamabiko" was introduced on a service between Fukushima and Morioka on the Tōhoku Main Line. This service operated until 30 September 1963.
1965–1982: Limited express.
From 1 October 1965, the name was reintroduced for limited express services operating between Ueno in Tokyo and Morioka. These services continued until 22 June 1982, the day before the Tōhoku Shinkansen opened.
1982–Present: Shinkansen.
From the start of services on the newly opened Tōhoku Shinkansen on 23 June 1982, "Yamabiko" became the name used for the limited-stop shinkansen services operating initially between Ōmiya and Morioka, later between Ueno and Morioka, and eventually between Tokyo and Morioka.
Since 1 July 1992, some "Yamabiko" services have run coupled with "Tsubasa" services (as of 2011 formed of E3 series sets) between Tokyo and Fukushima.
From 19 November 2011, E5 series trainsets were introduced on some "Yamabiko" services, replacing the remaining 200 series-operated services.
Special event train services.
Sayonara 200 series Yamabiko.
On 30 March 2013, a special train is scheduled to operate from Morioka to Tokyo, as a final run for the 200 series, withdrawn from regular scheduled services from 16 March.

</doc>
<doc id="21404968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404968" title="Sam Alper">
Sam Alper

Samuel Alper OBE (25 April 1924 – 2 October 2002) was an English caravan designer and manufacturer responsible for the famous Sprite caravan, founder of the Little Chef chain of roadside restaurants, a viticulturist who revived the ancient Roman winery at Chilford Hall, a sculptor, the founder of the Curwen Print Study Centre for teaching printmaking and a philanthropist who sent caravans abroad to aid in disaster relief programmes.
Early life.
Alper was born in Forest Gate, east London, the son of a hairdresser. On leaving school at 14 he went to night school to study electrical engineering. When the Second World War was declared, he volunteered for the Navy and found himself serving with the Fleet Air Arm where his electrical engineering training was put to good use rewiring Swordfish biplanes.
Sprite.
On the cessation of hostilities, Alper went to work for his brother Henry in his newly established caravan company, Alperson Products, in Stratford, East London. Henry soon left leaving Sam with a company he turned into the iconic vision of cheap caravanning for the masses. Materials were in short supply in the austerity of post-war Britain and Alper had to make the first caravans out of what he could get. By 1947 he had designed and made his first touring caravan with magnesium wheels and suspension and the brakes from a Spitfire fighter aircraft. The roof was made out of the material from barrage balloons.
Those first caravans were, in Alper's opinion, too expensive and he decided to try to produce a cheaper, lighter version that could be towed by an ordinary family saloon car. Within a year the Sprite was launched. Built from tempered hardboard, it sold for less than £200. One of Alper's relatives suggested the name and it soon caught on as he sold 500 caravans in the first year of production. In 1951 he towed one of his caravans to an international caravan rally in Florence, Italy as a publicity stunt. Driving via Frankfurt, Biarritz and Naples the trip won him an award from a French magazine, but more importantly won a reputation for his caravans that soon made the name Sprite almost synonymous with caravans.
The following year he tried something a bit more ambitious, a trip round the Mediterranean towing a caravan behind a 3.5 litre SS Jaguar. Roads in Yugoslavia and Greece were found to be impassable so he had to go part of the way by train, and in the Sahara he had to be rescued by local tribesman who dug him out of the sand. A 1956 test carried out at Motor Industry Research Association (MIRA) proving grounds near Nuneaton in Warwickshire, saw of testing produce just one broken gas mantle.
The Alperson Sprite proved so popular that production was moved to Newmarket in Suffolk and in 1959 the Sprite Caravan Owners' Club was launched.
Caravans International.
By 1963, Alper had founded Caravans International, which had purchased the Eccles and Bluebird Caravans brands, and distributed these and the Sprite brand to Europe, South Africa, Canada and the United States. In 1966 Caravans International won the Queen's Awards for Enterprise and Alper was made OBE for his services to exports.
Soon there were several models in different sizes. The Sprite 400 was designed to be towed by smaller family cars such as the Volkswagen Beetle. Originally launched in 1960 it went through several incarnations until being withdrawn in 1976 but made a brief reappearance in 1985.
In 1970 Caravans International decided to cater for the small car owner and introduced the Sprite Cadet, just 8' 6" long and with a door located unusually at the rear. It had a small wardrobe, basic kitchen and compact small dinette at the front. Designed to sell at £227 the model was first launched with a large plastic roof vent which soon earned it the name of the bubble-top. After one season the model was withdrawn and launched again for the 1971 season with a new sleeker shell.
Alper served as Treasurer and then Chairman of the National Caravan Council, the industry body, for many years. He was also among those who set up the European Caravan Federation and served as president for almost a decade. Recognising the up and down nature of the caravan industry and its seasonal character Alper spread his interests further, developing the first successful table football game, Soccerette, he built yachts for a time and was also responsible for the first popular brand of roadside diner in Britain.
The recession of the 1980s took a heavy toll on the British caravan industry, and in 1982 Caravans International went into liquidation. The rights to the various brands were sold to Hull based Cosalt, who kept the CI brand but renamed the division Cosalt International. Cosalt today still manufacture static caravans under the CI brand, but sold the touring caravan business to Swift Leisure.
Little Chef.
Alper based the Little Chef concept on the small diners he had seen while marketing his caravans in the United States. The first restaurant opened near Reading in Berkshire in 1958 and had just eleven seats. Based principally on Britain's A-roads, they were ideally suited to the new breed of travellers taking to the expanding road network and soon Little Chefs with their now iconic logo were springing up all over the country. With little or no commercial competition they proved remarkably popular and within ten years the brand had been subsumed into the Gardner Merchant group of companies which eventually became a part of Trust House Forte. Continuing to innovate, Little Chef introduced cheap travellers' hotels alongside some of the restaurants. By 1996 the brand was taken over by the Granada Corporation at which point Alper sold his interest in the company.
Chilford Hall.
In 1965, Alper bought a group of old farm buildings in Linton near Cambridge with a view to turning them into a conference, banqueting and cultural centre. The oldest building at Chilford Hall is the Little Barn, built in the early 18th century. The Great Hall is a Grade II listed building dating from 1820 and the house itself dates from 1840 although there has been a farm at the site since Saxon times. Alper added to the property over the years adding an art gallery in 1971 and the Pavilion from 1968 with major alterations made in 1997. The barn complex was distroyed by arsonists in 2012.
In 1972 he planted 18 acres of vineyard which was extended between 1974–76 and he established a winery making a range of English wines using nine different grape varieties. He set up the East Anglian Wine Growers' Association and served as a Board Member of the English Vineyard Association. His wines have won numerous awards and Alper, displaying his usual flair for publicity would regularly promote the wine by taking part in the Great English Wine Rally, driving samples of his wine to the George V Hotel, Paris in his 1930s Phantom II Rolls Royce.
Privately, he was a great opera enthusiast and a collector of modern art and was himself a talented sculptor in stone who appreciated fine architecture. He delighted in incorporating some examples into the buildings at Chilford Hall including some marble pillars from the Long Bar at Waterloo railway station to be found in the wine cellar and the pink marble staircase from the old London Stock Exchange building can be found in the bar in the Great Hall.
His artistic interests also saw Alper bring the Curwen Studio to Chilford Hall, Cambridge in 1989 when he became aware that the studio's lease of Tottenham Court Road, London, was about to expire. The Curwen Press had originally been established in 1863 by the Reverend John Curwen in Plaistow. His grandson Harold transformed the business from being principally a music printers into a fine art printers and lithographers and they established a reputation for excellence that earned them exhibitions with both Tate Gallery and the Royal Academy as well as commissions from noted artists such as Henry Moore, Barbara Hepworth and Graham Sutherland. In bringing the studio to Chilford Hall Alper expressed his strong admiration for the arts over many years. Later, he also established the Curwen Print Study Centre, an educational charity permitting people from as young as seven years of age and of all abilities to learn about different forms of printmaking.
Philanthropy.
Alper owned a hotel in Gibraltar for many years and was instrumental in setting up the Gibraltar Heritage Trust in Gibraltar and the Friends of Gibraltar Heritage Society in England. For many years he was associated with the Rotary Club, beginning in the 1970s when he arranged for 50 caravans to be delivered to Italy for the relief of flood victims. In 2000 the Rotary Club awarded him the Paul Harris Fellowship in recognition of his part in the club's 1999 project to find and send nearly 200 serviceable caravans to earthquake areas in Greece and Turkey with the help and encouragement of Crown Princess Katherine of Yugoslavia through the charity Lifeline Humanitarian Organization (Canada). He also established a family trust to buy instruments for young musicians.
Personal life.
Alper had one son and one daughter with his first wife, Isabel Grist and a son with his second wife, Fiona Morton. He died at home in Chilford Hall, Linton, near Cambridge in 2002 at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="21404975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404975" title="ServerNet (Tandem)">
ServerNet (Tandem)

ServerNet is a switched fabric communications link primarily used in proprietary computers made by Tandem Computers, Compaq, and HP. 
Features.
Its features include good scalability, clean fault containment, error detection and failover. The ServerNet architecture specification defines a connection between nodes, either processor or high performance I/O nodes such as storage devices. 
History.
Tandem Computers developed the original ServerNet architecture and protocols for use in its own proprietary computer systems starting in 1992, and released the first ServerNet systems in 1995. Early attempts to license the technology and interface chips to other companies failed, due in part to a disconnect between the culture of selling complete hardware / software / middleware computer systems and that needed for selling and supporting chips and licensing technology. A follow-on development effort ported the Virtual Interface Architecture to ServerNet with PCI interface boards connecting personal computers. Infiniband directly inherited many ServerNet features. After 25 years, systems still ship today based on the ServerNet architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="21404976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404976" title="Sérgio Farias">
Sérgio Farias

Sérgio Ricardo de Paiva Farias (born June 9, 1967, Brazil) is a Brazilian football manager who most recently coached Campeonato Carioca club Duque de Caxias.
Farias won AFC Champions League with Pohang Steelers in 2009. He used to coach Al Wasl FC in the UAE from summer 2010 to March 2011. He signed a two-year contract with Guangzhou R&F who was newly promoted to Chinese Super League on 22 November 2011. He was sacked on 19 May 2013, due to deteriorating relations with the players.He resigned from Duque de Caxias on 18 March 2014 with a record of two wins, one draw and four defeats. 

</doc>
<doc id="21404987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404987" title="Giant Gorg">
Giant Gorg

In 2001, Bandai announced that they will start a new sub label called "Sunrise Classic Action" which "Giant Gorg" will be part of."

</doc>
<doc id="21404996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21404996" title="Zuisen-ji">
Zuisen-ji

History.
Musō Soseki was not only the temple's founding priest, but also its main designer. His sponsor, Nikaidō Dōun, was the lord of Kai in today's Yamanashi prefecture, where Musō had spent his youth. The name of Dōun's family's had originally been Fujiwara, but was later changed to Nikaidō because the family mansion was in Nikaidō. It is likely that he helped Muso because his temple would be erected in the area that had given its name to his family.
Musō, who during his life had the support of powerful figures like Emperor Go-Toba, ninth "shikken" Hōjō Sadatoki and eleventh shikken Hōjō Takatoki, chose this present location because he believed it was ideal for a Zen temple. In 1326 he moved from a temple called Nanpō-in near Engaku-ji to the Momijigayatsu Valley to direct the construction work. Founded in 1327 with the name , Zuisen-ji in its first version, completed in 1328, consisted of a temple to goddess Kannon (a "Kannonden"), a belvedere (the ) and a Zen garden. After the fall of the Kamakura shogunate in 1333 Zuisen-ji came under the protection of the Ashikaga family. First "Kantō kubō" Ashikaga Motouji, son of Ashikaga Takauji, chose to be buried in it, thus starting a tradition. It was during that period and under his sponsorship that the name was changed and the temple assumed its finished form. In 1386 it was nominated first of the Kantō Jissetsu, a group of temples second in power only to the Five Mountain System. At the peak of its power it had several subtemples, including one dedicated to Ashikaga Takauji's mother and another to Ashikaga Motouji, but none of them has survived. Zuisen-ji as a whole was an important center of development of the Literature of the Five Mountains, and figures like Gidō Shūshin lived and worked here.
During the Edo period Tokugawa Mitsukuni had the temple restored and donated a wooden statue of Thousand-armed Kannon, Goddess of Mercy, meant to be housed in the belvedere as Zuisen-ji's main object of worship. The Shinpen Kamakurashi, a 1685 guide book to Kamakura commissioned by Mitsukuni which had great impact on the city's history, was written at the belvedere by Kawai Tsunehisa, Matsumura Kiyoyuki and Rikiishi Tadakazu.
The original building has, like the others, been lost, but the statue survives and is housed in the main hall of the temple.
Features.
Yōan-ji.
The narrow road that turns right before the ticket counter leads to a stele marking the spot where a temple called used to stand. It was there that fourth kubō Ashikaga Mochiuji, who had rebelled against the shogunate, in 1439 made his last stand against shogun Ashikaga Yoshinori's forces, finally disemboweling himself to avoid the shame of being taken prisoner. He is buried together with three other "kubō" in a small cemetery within Zuisen-ji (closed to the public). The stele reads:
When "Kantō kubō" Ashikaga Ujimitsu died on January 11, 1398, he was given the posthumous name . His son Mitsukane built this temple giving it his father's posthumous name. The temple's "oshō" Dombo Ushūō was a follower of Musō Soseki. On March 24, 1439 "kubō" Mochiuji, descendant of Ujimitsu, fought here against shogun Yoshinori, was defeated and disemboweled himself. The temple was burned and never rebuilt. This is where it stood.
Erected by the Kamakuramachi Seinendan in March 1926
The temple.
The path to the temple then starts to climb the hill and divides in two. The path to the right is the original one built by Musō Soseki, and at its beginning stands a brown stone stele that remembers the fact (see photo).
The temple's compound is now relatively small and its buildings are all new, with the exception of the , which was built during the early Edo period and was brought here from Yokohama's in 1963. The "Henkai Ichirantei", the belvedere originally built by Musō Soseki from where one can see Mount Fuji, is out of sight in the back, beyond the Zen rock garden, and is closed to visitors.
Behind the temple there's a group of about 80 "yagura", which are tombs typical of Kamakura consisting in caves dug in the rock. The group is known as the .
Behind the main hall, the Zen rock garden was designed by Musō Soseki and consists of a pond with an arched bridge, a waterfall, a small island and a cave. It used to be surrounded by plants, but they were removed in 1969 to create the present landscape, which is faithful to the original blueprints. The stairs visible in its background go to the Ichirantei. The garden is a nationally designated Place of Scenic Beauty. The extreme simplicity of the Zen garden contrasts with the garden in front of the main hall, which is considered the most beautiful in Kamakura.
The temple's cemetery houses the tombs of many famous men of letters and intellectuals.

</doc>
<doc id="21405005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405005" title="Coon Rapids Riverdale (Metro Transit station)">
Coon Rapids Riverdale (Metro Transit station)

Coon Rapids - Riverdale Station is a commuter rail station in Coon Rapids, Minnesota, located at 3050 Northdale Boulevard NW, south of the Riverdale shopping centers. It is served by the Northstar Commuter Rail line. The station features bicycle lockers and a park and ride lot with capacity for 466 vehicles. The commute time to downtown Minneapolis from this station is about 28 minutes. The fare to downtown Minneapolis from this station is $3.00 at all times; the fare to and from any other station is $3.00 on weekdays and $2.50 on weekends and holidays.
As of the station's opening in 2009, signage simply called it "Coon Rapids" or "Coon Rapids Station". A second station in the city is planned at Foley Boulevard (just north of Minnesota State Highway 610), where there is currently a bus station with a large parking ramp for park and ride service. The Foley station would then be available as a stop on the Northern Lights Express to Duluth and the proposed Bethel Corridor line, since it is less than a mile south of the Coon Creek rail junction to go toward Bethel and Duluth.

</doc>
<doc id="21405011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405011" title="Mate Ta Love Helare">
Mate Ta Love Helare

Mate Ta Love Helare (), is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Ashok Pati. This film is loose remake of Telugu Movie "Student No. 1" starring Jr NTR.
Synopsis.
The hero Akash believes in high thinking. He has a lot of dreams… He is very serious for his studies because he wants to bring a bright future for his mother and sister. Akash meets his love megha at the college. But all his dreams come to a dark side after he enters college. Akash falls into the trap laid by Mafia don Bhalu Bhai and his brother King. And the story of “Mate Ta Love Helare” moves around how akash comes out of the trap and punish the don and how he gets his love.
Box Office Reception.
The movie was made on a very high Budget and was technically a very well made movie.Though the movie had a lot of graphics and could attract youth but still since the movie was released in an off season(at the time of exams)the film could not do the kind of business as it was expected.The movie got just a more than average response at the Box Office., 

</doc>
<doc id="21405015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405015" title="Brightdown">
Brightdown

"Brightdown" is a single from the Nami Tamaki album "Don't Stay". Brightdown was used as the 2nd opening theme to the anime D.Gray Man.
References.
玉置 成実 | RELEASE. Retrieved April 23, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21405045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405045" title="Winter Ballades">
Winter Ballades

Winter Ballades is an EP by Nami Tamaki.

</doc>
<doc id="21405053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405053" title="Dole, Idrija">
Dole, Idrija

Dole is a settlement in the hills east of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21405057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405057" title="Anoka (Metro Transit station)">
Anoka (Metro Transit station)

Anoka Station is a commuter rail station in Anoka, Minnesota, located at 2718 4th Avenue. It is served by the Northstar Commuter Rail line. The station features bicycle lockers and two park and ride lots. The north lot has 181 spaces and the south lot has 196 spaces, for a total capacity of 377 vehicles. The commute time to downtown Minneapolis from this station is about 32 minutes. The fare to downtown Minneapolis from this station is $3.00 at all times; the fare to and from any other station is $3.00 on weekdays and $2.50 on weekends and holidays.
History.
The doubled tracked main line for the BNSF Railway transcontinental railroad travels through Anoka after leaving Minneapolis. It runs parallel to the Mississippi River. The former Northern Pacific Railway and Great Northern Railway parallel main lines form this double track main. Anoka had been served by a station at what is now North Street and North 8th Avenue, the Great Northern Anoka Depot. This depot had been designed by noted architect Cass Gilbert, and was roughly 4 blocks east of the current platform. This structure was razed in the 1990s.
The Minneapolis, Anoka and Cuyuna Range Railway, whose tracks ran along East River Road, also served Anoka. Northern Pacific had four local trains each way serving Anoka in 1921. The last passenger train that stopped at Anoka, the Northern Pacific 3 & 4 trains, were discontinued in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21405071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405071" title="Give Me Up">
Give Me Up

"Give Me Up" is the sixteenth single released by Nami Tamaki. It was released on March 25, 2009, making it her first single of 2009.
This song is a cover of BaBe's debut single, which is in turn a Japanese-language cover of a song by Michael Fortunati.
Music video.
The music video for "GIVE ME UP" was posted on Universal J-s YouTube page. The music video features nami wearing funky 80-style clothes and dancing in a brightly colored room with friends, it also cuts to shots of her wearing a large pink bow on her head and also one of her on a bicycle. Her pet dog also makes an appearance in the music video. The music video was first aired on TV on February 20th.
Single versions.
CD:
DVD:

</doc>
<doc id="21405099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405099" title="Pearsonia">
Pearsonia

Pearsonia is an African plant genus of some 12 species belonging to the family Fabaceae and occurring south of the equator with 1 species found on Madagascar. The species are usually herbs or shrublets with woody rootstocks. Leaves are usually sessile and 3-foliolate. The inflorescence is a congested or lax terminal raceme. The name of this genus commemorates the South African botanist Henry Harold Welch Pearson.
Species.
"Pearsonia" comprises the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="21405106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405106" title="Trishna (2009 film)">
Trishna (2009 film)

Trishna () is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Pritam Jalan .The film is starring Rituparna Sengupta, Angshuman Gupta (finalist in Grasim Mr India 2006) and Arindam Seal.
This film was objection for Vulgurity by West Bengal Film Publicity Act that Rituparna Sengupta was showing too much Skimpy, seductive.However, the West Bengal Film Publicity Act rejected the public presentation of some movie posters of Trishna. The West Bengal Film Publicity Act is basically a local body who gives clearance for films to be released in West Bengal only. Such act does not exist in any other Indian States. This movie is a Bengali remake of Bipasha Basu and John Abraham starrer Hindi film "Jism" The Telegraph commented that "Though almost a scene-by-scene copy of John Abraham-Bipasha Basu’s Jism, Pritam Jalan’s Trishna is nothing more than a sleaze fest with Tolly’s leading heroine ‘showing’ the way".
Plot.
Raja (Angshuman Gupta), a professional photographer and a playboy comes across Tiasha (Rituparna Sengupta) at a bar. She is totally different from the girls he knows and she has an electrifying presence and she totally captivates him. She is hot and sensuous and Raja lusts after her.He starts having an affair with Tiasha. She tells him that her mother has blood cancer and she doesn't have good relations with her husband who is away. She tells him that Shekhar is not a nice person. Shekhar comes home one day and meets Raja at the bar and they get acquainted with each other. Tiasha tells Raja that Shekhar has made a will whereby he has decided to leave half his property to his wife and half to his sister Sumana whom she is close to. But Sumana and Tiasha can't stand each other. Raja decides to eliminate Shekhar in order to be with Tiasha.
One night Raja comes to Tiasha’s house to kill Shekhar and he is killed when there is a tussle between both of them. They try to dispose of Shekhar’s body by dumping the body in the sea. Meanwhile Subir and Rana,(Raj’s childhood friends) tell Raj to change his ways as they have noticed a change in him lately. Raja is put behind bars on charges of murdering Shekhar as a button of his jacket had been found near the scene of the murder, but he is soon released. He comes to know that he has been appointed the executor of the new will which Shekhar had made a few days back before his death leaving his entire property to Tiasha. Sumana believes that this will is fake. She meets Raja in private one day and tells him the truth about Tiasha. She had given a locket to Raja which is accidentally left behind at the beach while disposing Shekhar’s body. Subir, the S.P (Raja’s friend), who is investigating the case tells him to mend his ways, but he refuses to listen. Tiasha calls up Raja one day and asks him to meet at her residence.He refuses to entertain her in the beginning as he had begun to disbelieve her, but gives in to her demand.On reaching her residence, he finds a bag in the garden house and realizes that Tiasha must have killed Sumana. Tiasha is nowhere to be seen, so Raja decides to wait for Tiasha and finish her off once she arrives. Subir, Raja’s friend also arrives there and conceals himself and watches the proceedings. She arrives soon after and pleads innocence, but Raja refuses to believe her. Tiasha tells him there is proof in the garden house and she goes there, but there is a huge blast. Subir tells Raja later that Tiasha had escaped though Raja had thought her to be dead and she is nowhere to be found. After a year, Tiasha reappears at the same place wearing the same outfit waiting for her next prey.

</doc>
<doc id="21405116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405116" title="Elk River (Metro Transit station)">
Elk River (Metro Transit station)

Elk River Station is a commuter rail station in Elk River, Minnesota, located at 17200 Twin Lakes Road. It is served by the Northstar Commuter Rail line. The station features bicycle lockers and a park and ride lot with capacity for 754 vehicles. The commute time to downtown Minneapolis from this station is about 41 minutes. The normal fare to downtown Minneapolis from this station is $4.50 on weekdays and $4.00 on weekends and holidays; the fare to and from any other station is $3.00 on weekdays and $2.50 on weekends and holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="21405129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405129" title="William G. Haan">
William G. Haan

William George Haan (October 4, 1863 - October 26, 1924) was a general in World War I. He graduated from West Point in 1889, from the Army War College in 1905, and was commissioned in the Artillery. He served in Cuba and the Philippines, and in 1903 went to Panama at the request of Theodore Roosevelt. He was Acting Chief of Staff of the Pacific Division during the Army's relief work following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
Early military service.
He was born in Crown Point, Indiana, and after graduating from West Point, was promoted to First Lieutenant in August 1896. In 1898-1901 he served as Captain of Volunteers, in both Cuba and the Philippines. He was made a Captain of the Regular Army in February 1901, and was mustered out of the Volunteer service the next month.
From 1903–06 he served as a member of the General Staff and went to Panama for Theodore Roosevelt. As Acting Chief of Staff of the Pacific Division, he assisted with relief work after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. For the next several years, he was responsible for several coastal defense positions. In April 1907, he became a Major and in December 1911 he was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel. He again served on the General Staff from 1912–14, and in July 1916 was promoted to a Colonel in the Coast Artillery.
32nd Division Commander during World War I.
In April 1917, he was given the temporary rank of Brigadier General and assigned to command the 57th Field Artillery Brigade of the 32nd Infantry Division at Camp MacArthur, Texas. Troop E commanded by Captain John S. Coney was formed in Kenosha on May 10, 1917, and the Division was officially formed on May 29, 1917. On August 26, 1917, Major General James Parker assumed command. General Parker had previously been awarded the Medal of Honor during the Philippine-American War. Only two months later, the 32nd Division was activated in July 1917 at Camp MacArthur, Waco, Texas of National Guard units from Wisconsin and Michigan. In December 1917, Haan was promoted again to the temporary rank of Major General and commander of the Division. 
Division leadership was switched several times between Parker and Haan before the unit arrived in France in February 1918 under Haan's leadership, becoming the sixth U.S. division to join the Allied Expeditionary Force. In July, it entered the line with the French 6th Army. 
32nd Division combat in France and Germany.
The Division's men were the first American soldiers to enter cross the German border, piercing the famed and until this time invincible German Hindenburg Line of defense. Major General James Parker reassumed command on December 7, 1917, leading the unit into Alsace in May 1918, attacking in seven days.
Origin of the 32nd Division nickname.
During the Battle of Marne, the 32nd Division captured Fismes, and during August their successful capture of Juvigny earned it the nickname "Le Terribles". A French general, impressed by their accomplishment, commented that they ""shot through every line the Germans put before it." The division was nicknamed "Les Terribles", honoring them for their unrelenting and successful attacks against the Germans. The division's shoulder patch, a line shot through with a red arrow, signifies its tenacity during World War I. It was the only American unit in General Charles Mangins famous 10th French Army, it fought in the Oise-Aisne offensive.
The Division fought continuously for 20 days during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive and penetrated the last German defensive stronghold, the Kriemhilde Stellung, crossing the Meuse River. Up to this point much of the war had been a stalemate, fought from static trench lines over the same few kilometers of terrain. 
Their next objective was to flank the Germans at Metz. The division was the front line element of the Third U.S. Army. Members of the Division marched to the Rhine River. They were the first Allied Army Unit to pierce the famed German Hindenburg Line of defense. There they occupied the center sector in the Colbenz bridgehead for four months, during which they held 400 square kilometers and 63 towns. From May through November 1918, they were given only 10 days of rest. The Division fought in three major offensives, engaging and defeating 23 German divisions. They took 2,153 prisoners and gained , pushing back every German counterattack. Their success was remarkable. 
In November, following the armistice, Hann became commander of VII Corps for occupation duty. A few days later he was promoted to permanent Brigadier General. In April 1919 he returned to the US with 32nd Division, and after its inactivation again, assigned to the General Staff.
Casualties and decorations.
The 32nd Division was still engaging German troops east of the Meuse River when the Armistice was finally signed. The division suffered a total of 13,261 casualties, including 2,250 men killed in action and 11,011 wounded, placing it third in the number of battle deaths among U.S. Army divisions. The American, French, and Belgian governments decorated more than 800 officers and enlisted men for their gallantry in combat.
All four division infantry regiments, the three artillery regiments, and the division's three machine gun battalions were awarded the Croix de guerre by the Republic of France. The flag and standard of every unit in the division was authorized four American battle streamers.
Division deactivation and reorganization.
Following the war's end, the division served in the Army of Occupation in Germany, commanded by Maj. Gen. William Lassiter. The division was inactivated on April 5, 1919. On July 24, 1924, the 32nd Division was reorganized again, composed of National Guard units from Wisconsin and Michigan. Its headquarters was home stationed at Lansing, Michigan.
Final years and retirement.
In July 1920, Haan was promoted to Major General and named Director of the War Plans Division. He retired in May 1922 and was for a time associated with the Milwaukee Journal. He died at Washington, D.C., on October 26, 1924. He was buried in Section 4 of Arlington National Cemetery.
The , launched March 1945, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="21405138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405138" title="Toki (train)">
Toki (train)

The is a high-speed Shinkansen train service operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on the Joetsu Shinkansen in Japan.
The name is taken from the Japanese name of the Crested ibis, for which Niigata is famous.
History.
Limited express.
The name "Toki" was first introduced on 10 June 1962 for limited express services operating between Ueno in Tokyo and Niigata on the Jōetsu Line. This service operated until 14 November 1982, the day before the Jōetsu Shinkansen opened.
Shinkansen.
From the start of services on the newly opened Jōetsu Shinkansen on 15 November 1982, "Toki" became the name used for the all-stations shinkansen services operating initially between and Niigata, later between Ueno and Niigata, and eventually between and Niigata.
The "Toki" name was discontinued from October 1997 following the introduction of new "Tanigawa" all-stations services between Tokyo and Echigo-Yuzawa. However, the name was reinstated from December 2002 to replace the name "Asahi" used for all Tokyo to Niigata trains.
E2 series 10-car sets were re-introduced on four return "Toki" services daily from 26 January 2013, operating at a maximum speed of 240 km/h.
Special train services.
A special service ran as "Toki" 395 from Omiya to Niigata on 17 November 2012 using 10-car 200 series set K47.

</doc>
<doc id="21405160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405160" title="Big Lake (Metro Transit station)">
Big Lake (Metro Transit station)

Big Lake Station is a Northstar Line commuter rail station in Big Lake, Minnesota, located at 19691 County Road 43, in the southeast corner of Big Lake near U.S. Highway 10. The station features bicycle lockers and a park and ride lot with capacity for 518 vehicles. Commute time to downtown Minneapolis from this station is about 51 minutes. The fare to downtown Minneapolis from this station is $6.00 on weekdays and $5.25 on weekends and holidays; the fare to and from any other station is $3.00 on weekdays and $2.50 on weekends and holidays.
This station will be the northbound terminus until funding for an extension to St. Cloud is secured. In the meantime, a commuter bus branded the Northstar Link (route 887) connects Big Lake with St. Cloud, stopping at the Metro Bus downtown transit center, St. Cloud State University, a commuter parking lot at Lincoln Avenue and U.S. Highway 10, and the Coffee Cup Cafe in Becker. The bus fare is $3.25 one-way if commuting toward Minneapolis during the weekday mornings or toward St. Cloud in the weekday afternoons, or $1.75 if riding the "reverse" commute on the weekdays or if riding on weekends or holidays. The bus is currently operated by St. Cloud Metro Bus, rather than Metro Transit, so Metro Transit passes like the Go-To card cannot be used.
The maintenance facility for the Northstar trains was built just to the south. This station also marks the southern end of a nine-mile stretch where the BNSF mainline is just single-tracked rather than double-tracked. A second track will need to be added up to Becker to increase capacity if commuter rail is to be expanded to St. Cloud.

</doc>
<doc id="21405168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405168" title="Rajbalhat">
Rajbalhat

Rajbalhat is a village in Jangipara community development block of Srirampore subdivision in Hooghly District in the Indian state of West Bengal..
History.
Tradition has it that Rajbalhat was once the capital of the Bhursut kingdom. It is said that the last fisherman king of Sanibhangar was defeated by one Chaturanand Naigai, who originally carved Bhursut kingdom out.
Krishna Roy, the son of a daughter of Chaturanand became the first Raja of Bhursut. This event took place near about 1583-84 AD. The family of Krishna Roy belonged to Phulia village.
His great grandson Pratap Narayan, a very charitable ruler, was king from 1652 to 1684 AD. He was given the tile of Raja and was known as such in the court of Emperors Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb. His son was Shiv Narayan, who was succeeded by his only son Naranarayan. Either during the lifetime of Naranarayan or immediately after his death Kirtichand, the king of Bardhaman, forcibly occupied Bhursut pargana near about 1719 AD.
Geography.
Rajbalhat is located at 
Villages in Rajbalhat panchayat are as follows: Rajbalhat, Shib Chak, Morhal, Mukundapur, Kuliara, Jhanda, Binodbati, Chaiman Chak, GULTIA, Dakshin Gultia, Tripan, Nabagram, Jabni, and Rahimpur.
Demographics.
Rajbalhat had a population of 4,984 out of which 2,924 belonged to scheduled castes and 51 belonged to scheduled tribes.
Economics.
Rajbalhat is famous for handloom saris.
Education.
Rajbalhat High School teaches up to the higher secondary level.
Culture.
The "garh" (fort) of Bhursut Raj at Rajbalhat covers about seven bighas of land and 500 bighas of land had been made a "debottar" property for the maintenance of the temple of Rajballavi Thakurani at Rajbalhat. There are no signs of the king's "garh" or palace now. Rajballavi temple is 500 years old. Radhakantajiu temple built in the 18th century is worth visiting.
Durga is worshipped in Jangipara and Rajbalhat as Rajballavi. She is a mixed form of Durga, Kali and Saraswati.
Amulya Pratnashala, a craft museum in Rajbalhat, is open from 2–9 pm. It is closed on Wednesdays and the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of every month.

</doc>
<doc id="21405172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405172" title="Classical Medley">
Classical Medley

The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by CMX.
Reception.
Ed Sizemore of "Comics Worth Reading" criticized the manga for having "no life in these drawings", though he commended the manga for its "nice sense of depth and perspective". "ComicMix"'s Andrew Wheeler commented that the manga is more suitable for younger shōjo readers than its supposed shōnen demographic. Michelle Smith of "Pop Culture Shock" called the series "thoroughly mediocre".

</doc>
<doc id="21405179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405179" title="List of Empire ships (Ca–Cl)">
List of Empire ships (Ca–Cl)

The Empire ships were a series of ships in the service of the British Government. Their names were all prefixed with "Empire". Mostly they were used during the Second World War by the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT), which owned the ships but contracted out their management to various shipping lines. Some ships requisitioned during the Suez Crisis were also given the "Empire" prefix. They were acquired from a number of sources. Many were built for the MoWT, others obtained from the USA, still others were captured or seized from enemy powers.
Suffix beginning Ca to Cl.
"Empire Cabot".
"Empire Cabot" was a 6,722 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co. Ltd., West Hartlepool. Launched on 9 July 1941 and completed in September 1941. Sold in 1945 to Pool Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Clearpool". Operated under the management of Sir R Ropner & Co Ltd. Sold in 1955 to Cardigan Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Grelmarion". Operated under the management of T Walter Gould & Co Ltd, Cardiff. Sold in 1959 to Bowring & Curry Ltd, and renamed "Rachel". Operated under the management of R M Sloman Jr, Germany. Arrived at Hong Kong for scrapping on 8 November 1959.
"Empire Cadet".
"Empire Cadet" was an 813 GRT coastal tanker which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co, Grangemouth. Launched on 5 March 1942 and completed in June 1942. Sold in 1946 to the French Government and renamed "Mascara". Sold in 1948 to Solfumar Transport de Vins, France. Sold in 1951 to F T Everard & Sons Ltd and renamed "Aureity". Scrapped at Barrow in Furness in June 1968.
"Empire Caicos".
"Empire Caicos" was a 3,538 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co Ltd, West Hartlepool. Launched on 28 February 1945 and completed in March 1945. Sold in 1946 to Silvertown Services Ltd and renamed "Sugar Transporter". Operated under the management of R S Dalgleish Ltd. Sold in 1957 to J Paterson & Co (Pty) Ltd, Australia and renamed "Pattawilya". Sold in 1962 to Cronulla Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Clovelly". Operated under the management of J Manners & Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Damaged in a storm on 6 January 1967. Towed into Sasebo. Arrived at Uchiumi for scrapping on 13 May 1967.
"Empire Calder".
"Empire Calder" was a 2,646 GRT cargo ship which was built by Stettiner Oderwerke AG, Stettin. Launched in 1923 as "Stettin" for Stettiner Dampfer-Compagnie. Sold in 1935 to Deutsche Levant Line, Hamburg and renamed "Akka". Taken as a war prize at Flensburg in May 1945 and renamed "Empire Calder". Sold in 1947 to Near East Shipping Co, London and renamed "Isgo". Sold in 1950 to Karl Gross, Bremen and renamed "Erich". Sold in 1960 to Palomba & Salvatori, Italy and renamed "Pantera". Scrapped in Italy in October 1970.
"Empire Call".
"Empire Call" was a 7,067 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Hamilton & Co Ltd, Port Glasgow. Launched on 10 February 1944 and completed in July 1944. Sold in 1945 to the French Government and renamed "Ingénieur Général Haarbleicher". Ran aground on Stromboli 21 November 1945. Broke in two and declared a total loss.
"Empire Calshot".
"Empire Calshot" was a 7,131 GRT cargo ship which was built by Burntisland Shipbuilding Company Ltd, Fife. Launched on 10 July 1945 and completed in November 1945. Sold in 1946 to McCowan & Gross Ltd and renamed "Derrycunihy". Sold in 1952 to Argobeam Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Argobeam". Operated under the management of A Lusi Ltd, London. Engine room fire on 19 August 1955. Ship had 40° list to port when fire extinguished and was abandoned. Taken in tow by tug "Salveda" on 21 August at . Arrived at Stornoway on 25 August and pumped out. Towed to Copenhagen for discharge of cargo then to Hamburg. Sold to Turnbull, Scott & Co Ltd and repaired. Renamed "Parkgate". Sold in 1960 to Compagnia Navigazione Patlem SA and renamed "Panagos". Operated under the management of G Lemos, Greece. Arrived at Shanghai on 26 September 1968 for scrapping.
"Empire Camel".
"Empire Camel" was a 2,719 GRT cargo ship which was built by Deutsche Werft, Hamburg. Launched in 1929 as "Ceuta" for Oldenburg-Portuguese Line. Sunk on 28 March 1943 by Allied bombing at Rotterdam. Raised and repaired. Taken as war prize at Kiel in May 1945, renamed "Empire Camel". To Danish Government in 1946 and renamed "Rinkenaes". Sold to Foroya Logting, Faroe Islands in 1947 and renamed "Oyrnafell". Sold to Oldenburg-Portuguese Line in 1956 and renamed "Safi". Scrapped in Hamburg in January 1960.
"Empire Cameron".
"Empire Cameron" was a 7,015 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Denny & Bros Ltd. Launched on 19 November 1941 and completed in December 1941. Sold in 1946 to Shakespear Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "St Margaret". Operated under the management of South American Saint Line Ltd, Cardiff. Sold in 1960 to Agna Compagnia Navigazione SA, Panama and renamed "Agna". Operated under the management of Tharros Shipping Co Ltd, London. Arrived on 17 July 1963 at Yawata for scrapping.
"Empire Camp".
"Empire Camp" was a refrigerated 7,052 GRT cargo ship which was built by Short Brothers Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 17 June 1943 and completed in October 1943. Sold in 1946 to Cunard White Star Line and renamed "Valacia". Sold in 1951 to Bristol City Line of Steamships Ltd and renamed "New York City". Operated under the management of C Hill & Sons, Bristol. Sold in 1955 to Glasgow United Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Loch Morar". Operated under the management of Mackay & MacIntyre Ltd, Glasgow. Sold in 1959 to Lufti Yelenkci Evlatari Donmata Istiraki, Turkey and renamed "Yelkenci". Arrived on 20 February 1971 at Istanbul for scrapping.
"Empire Campden".
"Empire Campden" was an 890 GRT coastal tanker which was built by A & J Inglis Ltd, Glasgow. Launched on 30 April 1945 and completed in August 1945. Sold in 1947 to F T Everard Ltd and renamed "Anonity". Sold in 1966 to John S Lastis, Greece and renamed "Petrola II". Sold in 1969 to P C Chrissochoides & Others, Greece and renamed "Kalymnos". Aground on 12 April 1970 off Rhodes. Constructive total loss. Towed to Piraeus, scrapped by D. Vittiotis & Salmina, Piraeus in May 1970.
"Empire Candida".
"Empire Candida" was a 2,908 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co. Ltd., West Hartlepool. Launched on 8 December 1942 and completed in February 1943. Sold in 1947 to Zinal Shipping Co and renamed "Burdale". Operated under the management of Burness Shipping Co Ltd. To Z Shipping Co in 1948 and renamed "Peldale", still under the management of Burness. Sold in 1954 to Jansens Rederi A/Z. Norway and renamed "Statius Jansen". Sold in 1959 to New China Steamship Co and renamed "Sunny". Operated under the management of Wallem & Co, Hong Kong. Sold in 1961 to P T Maskapai Pelyaran Sumatera, Jakarta. Developed a leak on 5 April 1969 at on voyage to breakers. Escorted to Kaohsiung, Taiwan where she arrived for scrapping on 8 April.
"Empire Canning".
"Empire Canning" was a 6,997 GRT cargo ship built by Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Co Ltd, Dundee. Launched on 30 October 1944 and completed in December 1944. Sold in 1946 to Britain Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Willesden". Operated under the management of Watts, Watts & Co Ltd. Sold in 1958 to World Wide Shipping Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Golden Lambda". Sold in 1960 to Neptune Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Marine Explorer". Sold in 1962 to Viking Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "East Vim". Sold in 1963 to Marine Navigation Co Ltd, London and renamed "Wakasa Bay". Sold in 1966 to Leo Shipping Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Golden Wind". Operated under the management of World Wide Shipping Ltd, Hong Kong. Scrapped at Hiroshima, Japan in December 1966.
"Empire Canute".
"Empire Canute" was a 7,908 GRT heavy lift ship which was built by Greenock Dockyard Co Ltd, Greenock. Launched on 24 December 1945 as "Empire Canute". Completed in June 1947 as "Belocean" for Belships Co Ltd. Operated under the management of C Smith & Co Ltd, Oslo. Re-engined in October 1954. Sold in 1964 to Bacong Shipping Co SA, Panama and renamed "Southern Star". Operated under the management of Southern Industrial Products Inc, Manila. Sold in 1968 to Manila Interocean Lines Inc, Manila and renamed "Marie Ann". Arrived on 29 July 1976 at Gadani Beach, Pakistan for scrapping.
"Empire Canyon".
"Empire Canyon" was a 7,050 GRT cargo ship which was built by Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Co Ltd, Dundee. Launched on 11 November 1943 and completed in December 1943. Sold in 1947 to Alexander Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Holmbury". Operated under the management of Houlder Bros Ltd. Sold in 1960 to United Oriental Shipping Co Ltd, Karachi and renamed "Ilyasbaksh". Arrived at Bombay on 12 August 1965 and detained whilst undergoing repairs to her rudder due to the war. Impounded by the Indian Government in October 1965. Scrapped in Bombay in December 1970.
"Empire Cape".
"Empire Cape" was an 872 GRT coaster which was built by Scott & Sons, Bowling. Launched on 27 March 1941 and completed in July 1941. Sold in 1945 to Dundee, Perth & London Shipping Co and renamed "Gowrie". Renamed "Lochee" in 1948. Sold in 1966 to D & S Zoulis & others, Greece and renamed "Aghios Spyridon". Sold in 1969 to S C Vazeos, Greece. Sold in 1970 to Abdel Razzak Sattout, Lebanon and renamed "Anwar". Sold in 1979 to General United Trading & Shipping Co, SARL, Lebanon.
"Empire Captain".
"Empire Captain" was a 9,875 GRT cargo liner which was built by Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Co Ltd, Dundee. Launched on 25 February 1944 and completed in July 1944. Sold in 1946 to Canadian Pacific Steamship Co and renamed "Beaverburn". Sold in 1960 to Ben Line Steamers Ltd and renamed "Bennachie". Sold in 1964 to Atlantic Navigation Corporation Ltd and renamed "Silvana". Operated under the management of W H Eddie Hsu, Formosa. Arrived on 6 April 1971 at Kaohsiung for scrapping.
"Empire Capulet".
"Empire Capulet" was a 7,044 GRT cargo ship which was built by John Readhead & Sons Ltd, South Shields. Launched on 20 January 1943 and completed in March 1943. Sold in 1946 to British & South American Steam Navigation Co Ltd and renamed "Hesione". Operated under the management of Houston Line (London) Ltd. Arrived on 5 October 1960 at Hong Kong for scrapping.
"Empire Carey".
"Empire Carey" was a 2,833 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co. Ltd., West Hartlepool. Launched on 20 October 1941 and completed in December 1941. To the Norwegian Government in 1942 and renamed "Ragnhild". Sold in 1946 to John Wilson's Rederi, Norway and renamed "Penelope". Sold in 1950 to Rederi A/B Pandia, Finland. Sold in 1955 to Lundqvist-Rederierna, Finland. Sold in November 1972 to Wackatz & Co, Gothenburg and converted to a floating grain warehouse with engines removed.
"Empire Caribou".
"Empire Caribou" was a 4,861 GRT cargo ship which was built by Downey Shipbuilding Corp, Arlington, New York. Launched in 1919 as "Waterbury" for United States Shipping Board (USSB). Sold in 1920 to American Star Line Inc, New York and renamed "Northern Star". Sold in 1923 to American Sugar Transit Corp, New York and renamed "Defacto". To MoWT in 1940 and renamed "Empire Caribou". Torpedoed and sunk on 10 May 1941 at by "U-556" after Convoy OB 318 had dispersed.
"Empire Carpenter".
"Empire Carpenter" was a 7,030 GRT cargo ship which was built by C Connell & Co Ltd, Scotstoun. Launched on 21 November 1942 and completed in January 1943. To Soviet Union in 1944 and renamed "Dickson". Returned to MoWT in 1946 and renamed "Empire Carpenter". Sold in 1947 to Petrinovic & Co Ltd, London and renamed "Petfrano". Sold in 1955 to Compagnia di Navigazione Amipa SA, Panama and renamed "Amipa". Sold in 1958 to Compagnia Maritime Apex SA, Panama and renamed "Apex". Renamed "Afros" in 1968. Sold in 1971 to Campos Shipping Co, Cyprus. Scrapped in Shanghai in March 1971.
"Empire Carron".
"Empire Carron" was a 5,372 GRT cargo ship which was built by Norderwerft AG, Wesermünde. Launched in 1923 as "Claus Rickmers" for Rickmers Reederei, Hamburg. Damaged on 9 January 1945 in an Allied air raid at Lervik, Norway. Salvaged and towed to Bergen on 25 January 1945. Taken as war prize at Bergen in May 1945 and repaired. To MoWT in 1947 and renamed "Empire Carron". Sold in 1947 to S G Embiricos Ltd, London and renamed "Andrian". Sold in 1949 to Compagnia Navigazione Yaviza, Panama and renamed "San Nicolas". Scrapped at Spezia, Italy in December 1964.
"Empire Castle".
"Empire Castle" was a 7,356 GRT cargo ship which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Belfast. Launched on 27 August 1942 and completed in January 1943. Sold in 1946 to Blue Star Line and renamed "Gothic Star". Renamed "Nelson Star" in 1948 and "Patagonia Star" in 1958. Sold in 1961 to Gregory Maritime Ltd and renamed "Eirini". Operated under the management of Theodorou & Sons Ltd, London. Diverted to Gibraltar on 29 September 1970 with damaged machinery and then laid up. Caught fire on 6 February 1971, accommodation and bridge deck gutted. Sold for scrap, arrived on 8 July 1971 at Malaga, Spain for scrapping.
"Empire Catcher".
"Empire Catcher" was a 533 GRT whaler which was built by Akers Mekaniske Verksted, Oslo. Launched in 1942, requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine on completion and named "Flandern". Seized by Norway in 1945 and renamed "Suderoy VII". Allocated to MoWT in 1946 and renamed "Empire Catcher". Sold in 1948 to Union Whaling Co Ltd, Durban and renamed "R K Fraay". Sold in 1957 to Taiyo Gyogyo KK, Japan and renamed "Toshi Maru No. 11" Sold in 1959 to Hokuyo Suisan KK, Japan and renamed "Daishin Maru No. 2". Scrapped in Onomichi in August 1964.
"Empire Catcher II".
"Empire Catcher II" was a 533 GRT whaler which was built by Akers Mekaniske Verksted, Oslo. Launched in 1942, requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine on completion and named "Helgoland". Seized by Norway in 1945 and renamed "Nor IV". To MoWT in 1946 and renamed "Empire Catcher II". Sold in 1948 to Union Whaling Co Ltd, Durban and renamed "R L Goulding". Sold in 1957 to Taiyo Gyogyo KK, Japan and renamed "Toshi Maru No. 8". Sold in 1959 to Hokuyo Suisan KK, Japan and renamed "Daishin Maru No. 1". Sold in 1963 to Nippon Reizo KK, Japan, then sold in 1967 to Sanwa Sempaku KK, Japan. Name removed from shipping registers in 1980.
"Empire Cato".
"Empire Cato" was a 7,039 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co. Ltd., West Hartlepool. Launched on 10 November 1942 and completed in December 1942. Sold in 1948 to Clan Line Steamers Ltd and renamed "Clan Mackenzie". Arrived on 14 October 1960 at Hong Kong for scrapping.
"Empire Cavalier".
"Empire Cavalier" was a 9,891 GRT tanker which was built by Sir J Laing & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 27 August 1942 and completed in November 1942. Sold in 1945 to British Tanker Co Ltd and renamed "British Cavalier". Laid up on 13 November 1957 in Swansea, arrived on 23 May 1959 at Briton Ferry for scrapping.
"Empire Caxton".
"Empire Caxton" was a 2,872 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co Ltd, West Hartlepool. Launched on 31 March 1942 and completed in May 1942. Sold in 1945 to Watergate Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Letchworth". Operated under the management of R S Dalgleish Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Sold in 1956 to Sagaland Ltd and renamed "Peterland". Operated under the management of Buries, Markes Ltd. Sold in 1959 to Padre Compagnia Navigazione SA and renamed "Pamit". Operated under the management of A Halcoussis & Co, Greece. Sold in 1962 to Solmare Compagnia Maritime SA and renamed "Christos". Operated under the management of T Samourkas, Greece. Ran aground on 31 March 1967 at Kandeliusa Island, near Kos. Floated off but sank on 1 April 1967 at .
"Empire Cedar".
"Empire Cedar" was a 129 GRT tug which was built by R Dunston Ltd, Thorne. Launched on 26 September 1941 and completed in November 1941. Sold in 1947 to United Towing Co Ltd and renamed "Handyman". Scrapped at Bo'ness in April 1966.
"Empire Cedric".
"Empire Cedric" was a 4,820 GRT Landing Ship, Tank (LST) which was built by Yarrows Ltd, Esquimalt, British Columbia. Completed in September 1946 as HMS "LST 3534". To MoWT, rebuilt as a car ferry by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Tilbury and renamed "Empire Cedric". Operated under the management of Atlantic Steam Navigation Co Ltd. Arrived on 16 September 1960 at Ghent, Belgium for scrapping.
"Empire Celia".
"Empire Celia" was a 7,025 GRT cargo steamship built by C. Connell & Co. of Glasgow in 1943. The Ministry of War Transport placed her under the management of Connell & Grace Ltd. In 1948 she was sold to Putney Hill Steamships, a company controlled by the Rethymnis & Kulukundis shipbroking firm, which renamed her "Putney Hill". Putney Hill Steamships placed her under the management of another R&K company, Counties Ship Management. In 1949 her name was changed again to "Castle Hill". In 1950 she was transferred to a new Rethymnis & Kulukundis company, London & Overseas Freighters Ltd (LOF), which renamed her "London Statesman". In 1951 LOF sold her to new owners who registered her under the Panamanian flag of convenience as "Morella". Before the end of that year the Panamanian owners sold her on to Polskie Linie Oceaniczne (Polish Ocean Lines), who renamed her "Jedność" ("Unity"). She was scrapped in Hong Kong in 1966.
"Empire Celt".
"Empire Celt" was an 8,032 GRT tanker which was built by Furness Shipbuilding Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees. Launched on 7 October 1941 and completed in January 1942. Torpedoed on 24 February 1942 by "U-158" south east of Newfoundland (). Broke in two with bow section sinking. Stern section considered salvageable and tug "Foundation Franklin" despatched on 9 March to assist. Search for "Empire Celt" unsuccessful, she was presumed to have sank.
"Empire Celtic".
"Empire Celtic" was a 4,820 GRT LST which was built by Davie Shipbuilding & Repairing Co Ltd, Lauzon, Quebec. Completed in September 1945 as HMS "LST 3512". To MoWT, rebuilt as a car ferry by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Tilbury and renamed "Empire Celtic". Operated under the management of Atlantic Steam Navigation Co Ltd. Scrapped in March 1965 at Spezia, Italy.
"Empire Centaur".
"Empire Centaur" was a 7,041 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co. Ltd., West Hartlepool. Launched on 30 July 1942 and completed in October 1942. Damaged on 12 December 1942 by Italian assault craft at Algiers. To Belgian Government in 1943 and renamed "Belgian Captain". Sold in 1946 to Compagnie Maritime Belge SA and renamed "Capitaine Lambe". Sold in 1960 to Mullion & Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Ardee". Sold in 1964 to Sigma Shipping Co Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Alpha Trader". Operated under the management of Trinity Development Co Ltd, Hong Kong. Arrived in November 1967 at Shanghai for scrapping.
"Empire Chamois".
"Empire Chamois" was a 5,684 GRT cargo ship which was built by Ames Shipbuilding & Drydock Co, Seattle. Ordered by Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, she was requisitioned in 1917 by the USSB and completed in May 1918 as "Westmount". To Dimon Steamship Corp, New York in 1927 and renamed "Pacific Redwood". Returned to USSB in 1932. To MoWT in 1941 and renamed "Empire Chamois". Sold in 1946 to Goulandris Bros and renamed "Granview". Sold in 1949 to Compagnia Maritime del Este, Panama and renamed "Chamois". Scrapped in 1958 in Antwerp, Belgium. She was the last Ames built ship afloat.
"Empire Champion".
"Empire Champion" was a 512 GRT dredger which was built by William Simons & Co Ltd, Renfrew. Launched on 8 October 1945 and completed in December 1945. To the Admiralty in 1946 and renamed "W 94". Renamed "St Abbs" (W 3) in 1946. To Ministry of Public Building & Works in 1963.
"Empire Chancellor".
"Empire Chancellor" was a 9,917 GRT tanker which was built by Sir J Laing & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched in 1945, sold in 1946 to Stanhope Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Stanglen". Sold in 1952 to Minster Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Newminster". Sold in 1954 to Stanhope Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Stanpark". Scrapped in 1960 at Piraeus, Greece.
"Empire Chapman".
"Empire Chapman" was an 8,194 GRT tanker which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Belfast. She was launched in 1942. Sold in 1946 to the British Tanker Co Ltd and renamed "British Commando". Scrapped in 1959 in Bruges, Belgium.
"Empire Charles".
"Empire Charles" was a 244 GRT tug which was built by Henry Scarr Ltd, Hessle. Launched on 1 November 1943 and complete in January 1944. To the Admiralty in 1947 and renamed "Fortitude". Sold in 1962 to D Arnold, Ashford, Middlesex. Towed in April 1964 from London to Ravenna, Italy for scrapping. Sold to Societa Esercizio Rem. Salvataggi, Italy and renamed "Fortitudo". Deleted from shipping registers in 1987.
"Empire Charmian".
"Empire Charmian" was a 7,513 GRT heavy lift ship which was built by Vickers-Armstrongs Ltd, Barrow in Furness. Launced on 25 November 1942 and completed in March 1943. Sold in 1951 to Vergottis Ltd, London and renamed "Vercharmian". Grounded on 31 May 1961 at Mormugao, India. Refloated, sailed on 7 July 1961 but still leaking. Beached in Mormagao Bay. Refloated on 5 October 1961 and towed to Karachi, Pakistan. Arrived on 21 March 1962 at Chittagong, India for scrapping.
"Empire Chaucer".
"Empire Chaucer" was a 5,970 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Pickersgill & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 18 March 1942 and completed in May 1942. Torpedoed and sunk on 17 October 1942 by "U-504" south of Cape Town ().
"Empire Cheer".
"Empire Cheer" was a 7,297 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Doxford & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 9 March 1943 and completed in July 1943. Sold in 1946 to Reardon Smith Line Ltd and renamed "Cornish City". Engine room fire on 8 December 1962 while in port at Aden. Towed to Bombay. Arrived on 7 March 1963 at Hong Kong for scrapping.
"Empire Cheetah".
"Empire Cheetah" was a 5,506 GRT cargo ship which was built by Skinner & Eddy Corporation, Seattle. Completed in 1918 as "West Lianga" for USSB. Sold in 1929 to Los Angeles Steamship Co Inc and renamed "Helen Whittier". Sold in 1938 to Matson Navigation Company, San Francisco and renamed "Kalani". To MoWT in 1940 and renamed "Empire Cheetah". To Dutch Government in 1942 and renamed "Hobbema". Torpedoed and sunk on 3 November 1942 by "U-132" south of Iceland () while a member of Convoy SC 197.
"Empire Chelmer".
"Empire Chelmer" was a 2,299 GRT cargo ship which was built by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Burntisland. Launched in 1920 as "Sydney Lasry". Sold in 1935 to Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, France and renamed "Ariege". Sold in 1938 to Société Anonyme de Gerance D'Armement, France and renamed "Cap Tafelneh". Sunk in an air raid at Dunkerque in June 1940. Salvaged by the Germans and renamed "Carl Arp". Taken in May 1945 as war prize at Hamburg, to MoWT and renamed "Empire Chelmer". Returned to SA de Gerance D'Armement in 1946 and reverted to "Cap Tafelneh". Sold in 1950 to Mustafa Nuri Andak, Turkey and renamed "Kandilli". Sold in 1957 to Nejat Dogan & Co, Turkey and renamed "Kahraman Dogan". Reported to have been scrapped in 1972 in Turkey.
"Empire Chelsea".
"Empire Chelsea" was a 1,051 GRT coaster which was built by John Lewis & Sons, Aberdeen. Launched on 18 December 1944 and completed in February 1945. Sold in 1947 to Hull Gates Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Humbergate". Operated under the management of Craggs & Jenkins Ltd. Sold in 1955 to Efford Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Springwear". Operated under the management of Springwell Shipping Co Ltd, London. Sold in 1962 to South Star Corporation, Panama and renamed "Dumbo". Operated under the management of V & J A Ensenat, Spain. Under arrest in October 1968 at Las Palmas. Auctioned by Court Order, winning bidder Naviera del Odiel, SA but ran aground at Alcalaveras Beach, Las Palmas. Declared a constructive total loss and offer for purchase was withdrawn. Local port authority assumed ownership. Refloated in May 1969 and beached. Auctioned on 10 December 1969, intended to be converted to a floating nightclub. Later resold to Don Martin Juantey Malvarez and scrapped.
"Empire Cherub".
"Empire Cherub" was a 263 GRT tug which was built by Hall, Russell & Co Ltd, Aberdeen. Launched on 16 March 1942 and completed in May 1942. Sold in 1946 to Lawson-Batey Tugs Ltd. Scrapped in 1970 in Blyth.
"Empire Cherwell".
"Empire Cherwell" was a 2,193 GRT cargo ship which was built by Neptun AG, Rostock. Launched in 1937 as "Messina" for R M Sloman Jr, Hamburg. Requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine in 1940. Taken as a war prize in May 1945 at Travemünde. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Cherwell". Allocated to USSR in 1947 and renamed "Polus". Removed from shipping registers in 1961.
"Empire Cheyne".
"Empire Cheyne" was a 1.051 GRT coaster which was built by John Lewis & Sons, Aberdeen. Launched on 17 October 1944 and completed in December 1944. Sold in 1946 to Ouse Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Saltfleet". Operated under the management of E P Atkinson & Sons, Goole. Ran aground on 3 October 1951 at Reedness, and rolled over the next day. Salvage commenced in December 1951 but was suspended in October 1952. When salvage recommenced in April 1953 "Saltfleet" had broken her back. The wreck was cut in two in March 1954, with the bow section raised on 28 May 1954 and scrapped. The stern section was refloated in September 1954 and moved up-river, it was scrapped in October 1954.
"Empire Chief".
"Empire Chief" was an 8,040 GRT tanker which was built by Palmers Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Launched in 1897 as "Montcalm" for Beaver Line. Passed to Canadian Pacific Steamships in 1903 when Beaver Line was taken over. Requisitioned in 1914 by the Admiralty and converted to a dummy warship HMS "Audacious". Intended use as a blockship in 1915 but later converted to a stores ship. To the British Shipping Controller in 1916 and converted to a tanker. Operated under the management of the Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company and renamed "Crenella". Torpedoed in November 1917 but managed to reach a port, subsequently repaired. Sold in 1919 to Anglo-Saxon Petroleum and then in 1920 to Runciman & Co but laid up. Sold in 1923 to C Neilson & Co, Norway and renamed "Rey Alfonso". Converted to a whale oil depot ship. Sold in 1927 and renamed "Anglo-Norse", flying the British flag. Sold in 1929 to Falkland Whaling Company. Rebuilt as a pelagic whaler in Gothenburg and renamed "Polar Chief". Operated under the management of the South Georgia Company. Laid up in Tønsberg in September 1939. Escaped to UK before the German invasion of Norway. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Chief". Aground on 16 January 1942 at Reykjavík. Refloated on 7 March 1942 and temporary repairs made. Towed to UK in May 1942. To Falkland Whaling Company in August 1946 and renamed "Polar Chief". Arrived in April 1952 at Dalmuir for scrapping. Hulk towed to Troon in July 1952 for demolition.
"Empire Chieftain".
"Empire Chieftain" was a 9,904 GRT cargo liner which was built by Furness Shipbuilding Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees. Launched on 20 May 1943 and completed in October 1943. Sold in 1946 to Royal Mail Lines and renamed "Loch Ryan". Sold in 1960 to Argonaut Shipping & Trading Co Ltd, London and renamed "Fair Ryan". Arrived on 2 July 1960 at Nagasaki for scrapping.
"Empire Chivalry".
"Empire Chivalry" was a 6,007 GRT cargo ship which was built by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Launched in 1937 as "Inkosi" for T & J Harrison Ltd, Liverpool. Hired on 15 August 1940 by Royal Navy for use as an ocean boarding vessel. Sunk in air raid on 7 September 1940 at Royal Albert Dock, London. Refloated on 4 October 1940 and rebuilt. To MoWT and renamed "Empire Chivalry". To T & J Harrison in 1946 and renamed "Planter". Scrapped in 1958 at Ghent, Belgium.
"Empire Chlorine".
"Empire Chlorine" was a 307 GRT coastal tanker which was built by D W Kremer Sohn, Elmshorn. Launched in 1939 as cargo ship "Trave" for Lübeck-Wyberger Dampfschiff Gesellschaft, Lübeck. Taken in May 1945 as war prize at Flensburg in a damaged condition. Towed to Methil. To MoWT in October 1945. Laid up until 1952 when converted for carriage of corrosive acids. Returned to West German Government in 1953 and then to Lübeck-Wyberger Dampfschiff Gesellschaft and renamed "Trave". Sold in 1954 to A/S Klorslag, Norway and renamed "Hybo", then "Hyborg" and "Uniklor". New diesel engine fitted in 1963. Sold in 1978 to F Skeine, Norway and renamed "Frisnes".
"Empire Christopher".
"Empire Christopher" was a 275 GRT tug which was built by Cochrane & Sons Ltd, Selby. Launched on 9 May 1944 and completed in August 1944. Struck a mine and sank on 21 April 1946 in Gulf of Martaban ().
"Empire Chub".
"Empire Chub" was a 716 GRT ferry which was built by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Launched on 10 September 1942 and completed in October 1942. Operated under the management of Townsend Brothers Ltd. Sold in 1962 to Payardi Shipping & Contracting Co, Panama and renamed "Panther". Converted to a barge in 1968 in Italy.
"Empire Chuzzlewit".
Empire Chuzzlewit was a 322 GRT coaster which was built by Richards Ironworks Ltd, Lowestoft. Launched on 14 October 1943, she was completed as RFA "Chattenden", an ammunition carrier for the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. Laid up in Portchester Creek, Portsmouth from 1951 to 1967. Sold in 1967 to H G Pounds, Portsmouth. Sold in 1969 to T Bowen & P Caines and converted to a suction dredger, renamed "Mark Bowen". Laid up in River Itchen, Southampton c1978 and later scrapped.
"Empire Claire".
"Empire Claire" was a 5,613 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Hamilton & Co Ltd, Port Glasgow. Launched in 1919 as "Clan Matheson" for Clan Line Steamers Ltd. Sold in 1948 to British & South American Steam Navigation Co and renamed "Harmodius". Operated under the management of Houston Line Ltd. Sold in 1951 to Heron Shipping Ltd, London and renamed "Claire T". To Romney Steamship Co in 1953 and then sold to Ministry of Transport (MoT) in 1955. Loaded with obsolete war materials and towed out of Stranraer on 27 July 1955. Scuttled in the Atlantic Ocean a few days later.
"Empire Clansman".
"Empire Clansman" was a 2,065 GRT collier which was built by Grangemouth Dockyard Co Ltd, Grangemouth. Launched on 10 October 1942 and completed in December 1942. Ran aground on 18 January 1945 on South Carr Rocks, North Berwick. Broke into three parts. Refloated on 14 February 1945 and anchored off Granton and later towed to Leith where she was drydocked on 14 March 1945. Towed to the Tyne on 22 March 1945 and repaired. Sold in 1948 to Sheaf Steamship Co Ltd and renamed "Sheaf Field". Operated under the management of W A Souter & Co Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Sold in 1951 to William Cory & Son Ltd and renamed "Corfield". Sold in 1964 to M Scufalos, Greece and renamed "Spyros Armenakis". Ran aground on 13 February 1965 on Nolle Sandbank, off Vlissingen, Netherlands. Broke in three pieces and sank the next day.
"Empire Clara".
"Empire Clara" was a 292 GRT tug which was built by Cochrane & Sons Ltd, Selby. Launched on 28 April 1945 and completed in October 1945. Sold in 1947 to United Towing Co Ltd and renamed "Airman". New triple expansion steam engine fitted in 1949. Scrapped in November 1967 in Blyth.
"Empire Clarendon".
"Empire Clarendon" was an 8,577 GRT refrigerated cargo liner which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Belfast. Launched on 14 May 1945 and completed in October 1945. Sold in 1947 to Blue Star Line Ltd. Renamed "Tuscan Star", then renamed "Timaru Star" in 1948. Sold in 1950 to Lamport & Holt Line Ltd. Renamed "California Star" in 1959. Reported sold in 1967 for conversion to a fish factory ship, but arrived on 21 April 1969 at Kaohsiung for scrapping.
"Empire Clarion".
"Empire Clarion" was a 7,031 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co. Ltd., West Hartlepool. Launched on 30 June 1942 and completed in September 1942. Sold in 1946 to Pool Shipping Co Ltd, and renamed "Cedarpool". Operated under the management of Sir R Ropner & Co Ltd. Arrived on 20 July 1959 at Hamburg for scrapping.
"Empire Claymore".
"Empire Claymore" was a 7, 050 GRT cargo ship which was built by Sir W G Armstrong, Whitworth & Co (Shipbuilders) Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Launched on 19 November 1942 and completed in January 1943. To Belgian Government in 1943 and renamed "Belgian Crew". Sold in 1946 to Compagnie Maritime Belge SA and renamed "Capitaine Parlet". Sold in 1960 to Mullion & Co, Hong Kong and renamed "Ardenode". Sold in 1966 to Tynlee Navigation Co, Panama and renamed "Tynlee". Scrapped at Kaohsiung in July 1969.
"Empire Cliff".
"Empire Cliff" was an 873 GRT coaster which was built by Goole Shipbuilding & Repairing Co Ltd, Goole. Launched on 16 October 1940 and completed in December 1940. Sold in 1945 to South Georgia Co Ltd and renamed "Marna". Operated under the management of Christian Salvesen & Co, Leith. Sold in 1960 to Hargreaves Coal and Shipping Co Ltd, London and renamed "Harcliff". Sold in 1963 to Companhia Cia. Portugesa de Navegação, Panama and renamed "Ricardo Manuel". Sank on 4 September 1971 at entrance to Casablanca harbour after collision with MV "Zagora".
"Empire Clive".
"Empire Clive" was a 7,069 GRT cargo ship which was built by Cammell Laird & Co Ltd, Birkenhead. Launched on 28 July 1941 and completed in August 1941. Sold in 1946 to Alexander Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Charlebury". Operated under the management of Houlder Bros. Sold in 1958 to Red Anchor Line Ltd, Hong Kong and renamed "Isabel Erica". Sold in 1964 to St Merryn Shipping Co, operated under the management of C Moller, Hong Kong. Scrapped in Hong Kong in August 1969.
"Empire Cloud".
"Empire Cloud" was a 5,969 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Pickersgill & Sons Ltd, Sunderland. Launched on 27 December 1940 and completed in April 1941. Torpedoed on 9 May 1941 by "U-201" east of Cape Farewell, Greenland while on maiden voyage as part of Convoy OB 318. Taken in tow by tug "Thames" and towed to the Clyde, a journey which took nearly two weeks. Beach at Kames Bay, Isle of Bute. Refloated on 22 June 1941 and sent to drydock for repairs. Torpedoed on 19 August 1942 by U-564 some off Trinidad. Taken in tow by the Dutch tug "Roode Zee" but sank on 21 August 1942 at .
"Empire Clough".
"Empire Clough" was a 6,147 GRT cargo ship which was built by John Readhead & Sons Ltd, South Shields. Launched on 2 April 1942 and completed in June 1942. Torpedoed on 10 June 1942 and sunk by "U-94" in mid-Atlantic () while on maiden voyage as part of Convoy ONS 100.
"Empire Clydesdale".
"Empire Clydesdale" was a 1,747 GRT suction hopper dredger which was built by Lobnitz & Co Ltd, Renfrew. Laid down as "Mazatlan" for the Mexican Government. Requisitioned by MoWT while under construction and launched on 30 October 1944 as "Empire Clydesdale". Sold in 1946 to Secretario de Marina, Mexican Government and renamed "Tuxpam". Reported to have been scrapped in 1970.
See also.
The above entries give a precis of each ship's history. For a fuller account see the linked articles.

</doc>
<doc id="21405184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405184" title="Gina DiMartino">
Gina DiMartino

Gina DiMartino (born July 31, 1988) is an American soccer player from Massapequa, New York. She previously played for the Philadelphia Independence of Women's Professional Soccer and the United States U-23 women's national soccer team. 
Her older sister Christina DiMartino was a midfielder for the United States women's national soccer team and her former teammate on the Philadelphia Independence. Another sister, Vicki DiMartino, is a defender for the United States U-20 women's national soccer team and currently plays for Western New York Flash.

</doc>
<doc id="21405185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405185" title="Stuart Wilde">
Stuart Wilde

Stuart Wilde (24 September 1946 – 1 May 2013) was a British writer. Best known for his works on New Age, self-empowerment, and spirituality, he was also a lecturer, teacher, humorist, essayist, scriptwriter, lyricist, and music producer. He was the author of twenty books including the popular series "The Taos Quintet": "Miracles", "The Force", "Affirmations", "The Quickening", and "The Trick to Money is Having Some".
Early life.
Wilde was born in Farnham, England. He has a twin sister, Dee Dee, who became well known in Britain for her weekly appearances on "Top of the Pops" with the dance troupe Pan's People. He was educated at St. George's College, Weybridge, Surrey. After his schooling he joined the English Stage Company in Sloane Square, London. A year later he opened a jeans business in Carnaby Street London, at the height of the Swinging Sixties where he enjoyed considerable commercial success.
Career.
He studied alternative religions and Taoist philosophy for five years from the age of twenty-eight, and when he was thirty-three, he emigrated to the United States of America where he lived in Laguna Beach, California with his first wife Cynthia. He wrote his first book, "Miracles", in 1983.
Shortly thereafter he began a career as a lecturer appearing mainly in New Thought Churches and at New Age conferences. In the 1990s he toured regularly with Deepak Chopra, Dr. Wayne Dyer and Louise Hay, appearing at venues such as the Sydney Entertainment Centre.
Wilde's London street slang and comedic way of presenting self-empowerment and spiritual ideas continue to attract a wide and diverse audience. He's been called ahead of his time," 'the teacher's teacher' because of the influence he has had on other writers and lecturers in the field", provocative, poignant, controversial, funny, and his writing "timeless".
He remains a recognized figure for progressive thought in metaphysics and the field of human potential, and is often quoted with references to his work appearing across a wide swath of international cultural, business, and educational forums from the Kennedy Center for the Arts', interviews with American hip-hop artists and slam poets, international investment conferences, and the pages of international media such as CNET's "Top 10 List: Human Development Gurus" and "The Times of India"'s "Sunday Life" section.
Principal philosophy.
Early Work.
Wilde's principal philosophy states that, while many citizens may seem to be normal, acquiescing to the status quo, there exists, in fact, a vast population of what he calls "Fringe Dwellers" whose mind and soul do not align to the constraints of life in regular society that Wilde calls Tick-Tock. Wilde believed through use of the theta state of meditation (4–7 cycles per second), humans can better control their emotional life and their bio-rhythms, and begin to see visions, and that those visions and extrasensory feeling will lead to a greater balance and more freedom.
To that end, he emphasized the importance of going beyond the habit of struggling, and advocated the need for financial freedom, themes stated in his books "Life was Never Meant to be a Struggle" (1987), "The Trick to Money is Having Some" (1989), and "The Little Money Bible" (1998).
In "Affirmations" (1986), Wilde laid out systems of self-talk that empower an individual to change their core beliefs. His book "Sixth Sense" (2000) discusses practical techniques for developing extrasensory perception.
Later Work.
He earned both praise and criticism for his later works which advance controversial concepts such as other dimensions, dematerialization, and Morph worlds.
His most avant guard philosophy is based on the idea that Paul Dirac's hypothesis of parallel antiparticle worlds is, in fact, correct, and that humans adept at trance meditation can become aware of spiritual dimensions placed at 90° from them left and right—dimensions, Wilde said, that follow Hawking's theory of transverse waves of light. Wilde acknowledged there was no empirical data to support his claim, but anecdotal evidence, gathered from more than two-thousand people whom he taught, stated they had experienced such transcendental 90° perception which led him to conclude these worlds exist.
"Grace, Gaia, and the End of Days" (2009) maps out coordinates for these spiritual dimensions and offers "a twenty-first century understanding of grace and spiritual evolution"—and tools to activate it in one's life. In a 2009 interview Wilde said, "Grace is a golden light, pure love, a divine energy, seen coming from these inner spiritual worlds. It is data-driven and laced with trillions of bits of fractal information that will guide you and help you evolve. The human system is configured to read this fractal data through visions and extra sensory intuitive feelings." Serenity and balance developed through regular trance meditation enable access this 'pure information', which he called stream of consciousness from a 'Higher Knowing', 'The Source', 'God'.
While Wilde believed humans are multi-dimensional beings who possess both the celestial light and the dark, he posited they gravitate to one or the other based on inner feelings, thoughts, and actions. The quality of these feelings, moreover, determine the spiritual dimension an aspect of oneself will reside in any moment. Redemption (and a life of love and serenity) is possible for all by choosing the ways of the celestial. On the larger plane, he believed the light will eventually overcome the dark and advised aligning with the forces of light, the forces of God. He laid out techniques for doing so through cultivation of tenderness, generosity, respect, "the soft eye", mindfulness, meditation, time in nature and with animals, and avoidance of dark places, people, and media that sell specialness, fear, degradation, and greed. Move from the cold cerebral mind into the warmth of heart and feeling. "There is strength in softness. Remember, It's all backwards," he was oft quoted.
Additional Themes.
Wilde was a staunch supporter of peace in the world, the philosophy of live and let live, animal rights and vegetarianism. Tom Lishman eulogised him this way—
We must remember that just because he has gone back to the non-physical realm he is still very much with us, we should not forget that his time here was set and agreed upon and he has completed his mission, that being said all fringe dwellers must now rise above the despair and confusion they feel and turn it into positive energy and by doing this they will honour his work in the best possible way. Stuart will be remembered for making a huge contribution towards the new golden age of peace and love that is fast approaching, his followers will indeed take up his torch and light up planet earth like never before. We must ponder this question...What if by him leaving his body at this time he can contribute even more to world peace ?, anyone that knows him will know that he will be doing just that."
Writings and music.
Wilde was a prolific writer with 20 books appearing in more than 27 languages. A total of 95 unique titles (books, audio works, music) are in circulation, with several hundred essays and articles in syndication across digital media.
He was executive producer and lyricist on the music album "Voice of the Feminine Spirit", which sold several hundred-thousand copies. He later produced and was the lyricist on two albums of Celtic music, "Voice of the Celtic Myth" (1997), and "Creation" (1999), and wrote the book and libretto for Tim Wheater's oratorio "Heartland" (1995). In 2010, his collaboration with Richard Tyler produced the ambient release "The Mystery of the Sacred O", an homage "to the earth spirit Gaia and the masculine (Ka), and feminine (Om) creative energies of the Universe."
Works.
Video.
Selected lectures, music and tone poems. (Partial list)
Articles and teachings.
Selected writings from collections of articles and essays at stuartwilde.com, thesacredtearsofgaia.com, thehoodedsage.com, and zenhaven.com:

</doc>
<doc id="21405198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405198" title="William Durland">
William Durland

William Durland (born 1931) is a U.S. attorney, peace activist, author, and former member of the Virginia State Legislature. He is a member of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).
Education.
He received a Bachelor's degree from Bucknell University in 1953, and a JD degree from Georgetown Law School in 1959. In 1975 he earned an M.A. in Biblical Theology and Nonviolence from Notre Dame University and in 1977 he received a PhD. from Union Graduate School at Antioch College in Political and Religious Philosophy.
Political life.
William Durland served in the Virginia House of Delegates as a Democrat representing the 27th District (which at the time represented the County of Fairfax and the cities of Fairfax, Virginia and Falls Church, Virginia) from 1966–1969)
Durland was later elected as the Vice-Mayor and Council member of the Town of Cokedale, Colorado in 1990, and was elected as a member of the City Council of the city of Trinidad, Colorado in 1995. 
Professional life.
William Durland has practiced in the areas of International, Constitutional and Military law with an emphasis on human right and civil liberties for more than 40 years. He argued before the Supreme Court of the United States in the case of "Goldfarb v. Virginia State Bar", .
Durland also has had a long history in education, teaching in the areas of Philosophy, History and Government, at Purdue University, Villanova University, the University of Notre Dame, and in the Colorado Community College System. He also taught peace and justice courses at Pendle Hill Quaker Study and Contemplation Center from 1985-1988. 
Books authored.
William Durland has written several books on theology and Nonviolence including "God or Nations Radial Theology for the Religious Peace Movement" (1989), "No King but Caesar" (1975), "People pay for peace: A military tax refusal guide for radical religious pacifists and people of conscience" (1980), "Ethical Issues. A Search for the Contemporary Conscience" (1975), "The apocalyptic witness: A radical calling for our own times" (1988), and "The illegality of war" (1983).
Peace activism.
In 2002, Bill and his wife Genie traveled to Iraq as part of a delegation from Christian Peacemaker Teams.
In 2005, Durland defended Dale Bartell before a court-martial at Fort Carson.
In 2008 Durland served on the defense teams of Robin Long and Daniel Sandate the first two U.S. soldiers deported from Canada, after having fled to Canada to avoid fighting in the Iraq War.

</doc>
<doc id="21405207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405207" title="Orlando Antigua">
Orlando Antigua

Orlando Antigua a.k.a. "Hurricane" (born 1973) is an American basketball player and current South Florida coach. He is widely known as becoming the first Hispanic and the first non-black to play for the Harlem Globetrotters in 52 years when he signed in 1995. He was named the head coach of South Florida on March 31, 2014.
Raised in the Bronx, Antigua overcame various obstacles early in his life, among them having to live with a bullet lodged in his head for many years, before he was able to play for the Globetrotters. After his retirement from playing professional basketball he was named an assistant coach for the Pittsburgh Panthers, the Memphis Tigers, and most recently, the Kentucky Wildcats. He is also currently the head coach of the Dominican Republic national basketball team and has accepted an offer to become the head coach of the University of South Florida men's basketball team.
Early years.
Antigua was born in the Dominican Republic to a Dominican father and a Puerto Rican mother. The family moved to New York City and lived in the Bronx where he was raised. There Antigua and his two siblings received their primary and secondary education. He attended St. Raymond's High School, where he played basketball.
On Halloween night in 1988, Antigua became the victim of a drive-by shooting and was shot in the head near his left eye. He recovered from the shooting, however the doctors were unable to retrieve the slug from his head. He was back playing basketball just two weeks after the incident and gained media attention as the kid who’d taken a bullet to the head in a drive-by in his rough Bronx neighborhood. During this period of his life Antigua's family also went through a period of homelessness. He kept the family together while housing was secured.
He overcame these difficulties and went on to serve as student council president at his high school and played a major role in the program's New York Catholic League Championship run under head coach Gary DeCesare. As a senior, he earned McDonald's All America, All-New York City and Parade All America Second Team honors. Antigua also played on the Gauchos youth basketball team. He caught the attention of various scouts during his high school playing days and was signed with the University of Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh Panthers.
From 1991 to 1995 Antigua played basketball for the Pittsburgh Panthers, the University of Pittsburgh's basketball team. Antigua's performance, during his freshman and sophomore years under coach Paul Evans, contributed an appearance in the NIT (National Invitation Tournament) second round, and the following season, an NCAA tournament berth. Antigua was named the United States Basketball Writers' Association (USBWA) Most Courageous Athlete in 1994, an honor presented annually to the college basketball player who displays exceptional courage both on and off the floor. As a member of the Panthers, Antigua ranks 11th all-time in career 3-pointers made (117) and sixth in career 3-point field goal percentage (.386). He also ranks among the school's career leaders in blocked shots with 78, the 12th best total in Panthers history.
Basketball in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.
Antigua was able to play basketball in Puerto Rico's basketball league and in the Dominican league because of his parents Puerto Rican and Dominican roots.
During his college years he would spend his summers (1994–95 and 1997–98) playing for the Gigantes de Carolina (Carolina Giants) a team which belonged to the Puerto Rican basketball league or as it is known in the island El Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN). During one summer, while Antigua was playing in Puerto Rico, he began to suffer from a severe ear pain. He thought he had an infection from being at the beach, however it turned out that the bullet that was lodged in his head had moved down into his ear canal. Surgeons removed the bullet and Antigua has not experienced any pain associated with the injury since.
In 1998, Antigua played for the National Basketball Team of the Dominican Republic which came close to representing the country in the Olympics and World championships for the first time in the history of its program. The team, however fell short in the qualifications. Among his teammates were fellow SBL player Franklyn Western, of the Vaqureos de Bayamon (Bayamon Cowboys) and NBA player Felipe López.
Harlem Globetrotters.
In December 1995, Antigua graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a degree in social sciences. He received offers from various NBA teams to attend their camps and also received offers from European scouts, but instead he decided to sign a deal to play for the world-renowned Harlem Globetrotters. Antigua, thus became the first Hispanic and the first non-black player on the Globetrotters' roster since Bob Karstens played with the squad in 1942–43. He made his debut as a Globetrotter in Pittsburgh and was nicknamed "Hurricane" because of his dazzling moves and quickness.
During the seven years in which he played with the Globetrotters, he represented the squad in 49 different countries and on tours to South America, South Africa and on the acclaimed "Youth in Our Lives Tour." Antigua met many people such as Muhammad Ali, Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson. He did commercials and showed his skills on the Late Show with David Letterman and in Regis and Kathy Lee. According to Antigua, he rates meeting Nelson Mandela in South Africa as his finest day. He retired from the Globetrotters in February 2002.
Coaching career.
From 2002–03, Antigua served as an assistant basketball coach at Mt. Lebanon High School under Joey David and worked as a sales representative for Cavanaugh Promotions in the North Hills. In 2003, Antigua joined University of Pittsburgh's Head Coach Jamie Dixon's staff as the director of men's basketball operations, and on June 7, 2006, was named an assistant coach.
In 2008, Antigua was hired as an assistant coach for the University of Memphis men's basketball program where he joined head coach John Calipari's staff. He then followed Calipari to the University of Kentucky to take an assistant job there. 
On March 31, 2014, Orlando Antigua was named the new head coach of the South Florida Bulls. He left Kentucky's staff at the conclusion of the 2014 NCAA Tournament. He is also the current head coach of the Dominican Republic national basketball team.
Antigua lives with his wife Dana, son Orlando Anthony and daughter Olivia in Lexington.
Awards and recognitions.
Among the many awards and recognitions which Antigua has received are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21405210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405210" title="Great Depression in India">
Great Depression in India

The Great Depression of 1929 had a very severe impact on India, which was then under the rule of the British Raj. The Government of British India adopted a protective trade policy which, though beneficial to the United Kingdom, caused great damage to the Indian economy. During the period 1929–1937, exports and imports fell drastically crippling seaborne international trade. The railways and the agricultural sector were the most affected.
The international financial crisis combined with detrimental policies adopted by the Government of India resulted in soaring prices of commodities. High prices along with the stringent taxes prevalent in British India had a dreadful impact on most Indians. The discontent of farmers manifested itself in rebellions and riots. The Salt Satyagraha of 1930 was one of the measures undertaken as a response to heavy taxation during the Great Depression.
The Great Depression and the economic policies of the Government of British India worsened already deteriorating Indo-British relations. When the first general elections were held according to the Government of India Act 1935, anti-British feelings resulted in the pro-independence Indian National Congress winning in most provinces with a very high percentage of the vote share.
Economy of British India.
Indian economy had been largely agricultural before and during the rule of the British. However, during British rule, there was a major shift from the growth of food grains to the cultivation of cash crops. This change was fostered by India's British rulers in order to provide for the textile mills in England, the most important of them being the cotton mills of Manchester and Lancashire which were fed with raw cotton produced in India. Since 1858, committees were established to investigate the possibility of cotton cultivation in India to provide raw materials for the mills in Lancashire. New technologies and industries were also introduced in India, albeit on a very small scale compared to developed nations of the world.
An estimate by Cambridge University historian Angus Maddison reveals that India's share of the world income fell from 22.6% in 1700, comparable to Europe's share of 23.3%, to a low of 3.8% in 1952. India's per-capita income for the year 1904 was ₤2. Most economists feel that this decline was due to a systematic exploitation of India's resources by its British rulers.
Import duties on British goods were reduced following the 1879 famine. In 1882, apart from those on salt and liquor, all other import duties were abolished. Duties on cotton were revived in 1894 only to be removed once again in 1896.
The Great Depression.
A global economic depression broke out in 1929 following the American stock market crash of 1929 and rising speculations among the investors.<br> However, the causes were more diverse and multi-pronged, with the decrease in costs and economic deflation of the post-war period being one of the main reasons. This deflation was caused by excessive manufacturing activities during the First World War. As a result, huge stocks of goods were piled up without being used.
Wartime expenditure had reduced the countries of Europe to a state of heavy debt. Protective economic policies of European countries made their condition even worse. The United States of America was not affected, partly because it had participated on the side of the victorious Allies and partly because the American states were never under attack during the span of the war. As a result, the United States of America emerged as a financial superpower and the principal creditor to European countries.
The Treaty of Versailles and its conditions had impoverished Germany. Germany lost a lot due to its involvement in the war. The country now owed extremely high debts. However, contrary to expectations, Germany did not pay off their debt by exporting manufactured goods. Instead, Germany paid off its debts by borrowing from the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom, meanwhile, paid Germany by borrowing from the United States of America. This created a situation wherein all European countries became dependent on the United States of America.
When the American stock market suffered its first crash on October 24, 1929, there was a dreadful psychological effect on the nation. America stopped providing loans to foreign countries, thereby leading to a global financial disaster.
Problems caused by the gold standard.
The United Kingdom adopted the gold standard in the 1790s. Gold was used to determine the value of the pound sterling throughout the 19th century and the first quarter of the 20th century. The value of the pound sterling depended on the amount of pound sterling needed to purchase a fixed quantity of gold. At the onset of the First World War, the cost of gold was very low and therefore the pound sterling had high value. But during the First World War, the value of the pound fell alarmingly due to rising war expenses. At the conclusion of the war, the value of the pound was only a fraction of what it used to be prior to the commencement of the war. It remained low until 1925, when the then Chancellor of the Exchequer ( Finance Minister) of United Kingdom, Winston Churchill, restored it to pre-War levels. As a result, the price of gold fell rapidly. While the rest of Europe purchased large quantities of gold from the United Kingdom, there was little increase in the financial reserves. This dealt a blow to an already deteriorating economy. The United Kingdom began to look to its possessions as India to compensate for the gold that was sold.
India at the onset of the Depression.
India was one of the foremost suppliers of raw materials during the First World War. India provided large quantities of iron, steel and other material for the manufacture of arms and armaments. Manufacturing units were gradually established and for the first time, the British Raj adopted a policy of industrialization. India acted both as a supplier as well as a sprawling market for finished British goods in order to sustain Britain's wartime economy.
When the war came to an end, the Montagu-Chelmsford reforms were enacted in order to provide certain concessions to Indians in return for their loyalty to the Empire during the war. In 1923, the British Raj offered government protection to nine industries posing them as a sincere bid to industrialize the economy. However, the measures appeared symbolic and were intended to finance and protect British enterprise as was evident from the fact that all the benefactors were British-run industries. At the onset of the Great Depression, as it had been always, much of India's imports were from the United Kingdom. On the eve of the First World War, India was the British Empire's single largest market with its exports to India at Rs. 730 million making up over one-sixth of the country's total exports.
During the annual fiscal year 1928–29, the total revenue for the Government of India was Rs. 1,548 million. The total exports were valued at Rs. 3,390 million while imports were valued at Rs. 2,630 million.
Impact of the Great Depression.
India suffered badly due to the Great Depression. The price decline from late 1929 to October 1931 was 36 percent compared to 27 percent in the United Kingdom and 26 percent in the United States.
Economic policy of the Raj during the Depression.
During the Depression, the British Raj intensified the existing imperialistic economic policies. While these policies protected Britain's economy, they destroyed India's. Because the fall in prices had been higher in India compared to the rest of the world, the price of commodities manufactured in India rose dramatically compared to imports from the United Kingdom or some other country in the world. Farmers who were cultivating food crops had earlier moved over to cash crop cultivation in large numbers to meet the demands of the mills in the United Kingdom. Now, they were crippled as they were unable to sell their products in India due to the high prices; nor could they export the commodities to the United Kingdom which had recently adopted a protective policy prohibiting imports from India.
Rice, wheat, etc., could be used for private consumption but the cash crops which they now cultivated could not be used for private consumption. As there was little sale of indigenous manufactures and limited exports, commodities accumulated and the flow of cash was restricted. Moreover, imports were severely affected by the Swadeshi movement and the boycott of foreign goods imposed by Indian nationalists. There was a deficiency of money in many places causing widespread poverty.
In such a condition, the most recommended course of action is the devaluation of currency. Most countries afflicted by the Great Depression as Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and Denmark reduced the exchange value of their currencies. However, the British Raj rejected the idea. A recommended course of action to increase mobility of cash is rise of government expenditure. However, the Government was least interested in spending than accumulation.
International trade.
International trade decreased a great deal. The imports fell by over 47% while the exports fell by over 49% between 1929 and 1932. Between 1928–29 and 1933–34, exports due to seaborne trade decreased by 55.75% to Rs. 1.25 billion while imports decreased by 55.51% to Rs. 2.02 billion.
Impact on the Railways.
Due to a decline in exports and imports, and thereby, in the transportation of goods, the railway revenues decreased exponentially. All the expenses for the years 1930–31 and 1931–32 were paid from the Railway Reserve Fund. There was a decrease of Rs. 150 million in the railway revenues between 1930 and 1932.
Dealing with home charges.
In British India, apart from existing imports and exports, there was also a particular amount of money which colonial India contributed towards administration, maintenance of the army, war expenses, pensions to retired officers and other expenses accrued by Britain towards maintenance of her colony. These were known as "Home charges" and were paid for almost entirely by India.
The Home charges was made of three components
Due to the drastic collapse of international trade and the very little revenue obtained for it, India could only pay off her home charges by selling off her gold reserves. From 1931–32 to 1934–35, India exported Rs. 2,330 million worth of gold.
Consequences.
The Great Depression had a terrible impact on the Indian farmer. While there was a steady, uninhibited increase in land rent, the value of the agricultural produce had come down to alarming levels. Therefore, having incurred heavy losses, the farmer was compelled to sell off gold and silver ornaments in his possession in order to pay the land rent and other taxes.
By 1931, around 1600 ounces of gold were arriving every day at the port of Bombay. This gold intake was transported to the United Kingdom to compensate for the low bullion prices in the country and thereby revitalize the British economy. United Kingdom was overjoyed as its economy recovered with gold and silver from India.
The Viceroy, Lord Willingdon remarked
Founding of the Reserve Bank of India.
The policies of the Government of India during the Great Depression resulted in widespread protests all over the country. As the national struggle intensified, the Government of India conceded some of the economic demands of the nationalists, including the establishment of a central bank. Accordingly, the Reserve Bank of India Act was passed in 1934 and a central bank came into being on April 1, 1935 with Sir Osborne Smith as its first Governor. However, when Osborne Smith tried to function independently and indulged in open confrontation with P. J. Grigg, the finance member of the Viceroy's Council, he was removed from office.
Related events.
Declaration of independence.
On December 31, 1929, at a session of the Indian National Congress held on the banks of the river Ravi in Lahore, Jawaharlal Nehru unfurled the tricolor and declared that complete independence from British rule would, henceforth, be the goal of the Congress. This was a remarkable shift of policy for the Indian National Congress as it had, till now, been a staunch advocate of dominion status. This declaration also triggered the Civil Disobedience Movement, which commenced with the Salt Satyagraha.
Salt Satyagraha.
The Salt Satyagraha formed the highpoint of the Civil Disobedience Movement. While the heavy salt tax was always a burden to the poor peasant, the widespread poverty during the Great Depression made it even more difficult for the commoner to procure salt. In response to this tax, between March 12, 1930 and April 5, 1930, Mahatma Gandhi marched with over 30,000 followers to the coastal town of Dandi in Gujarat, where they illegally manufactured salt and defied the Government monopoly on salt. Subsequently, similar satyagrahas were organized at Dharasana and Vedaranyam. The Government responded with a massive roundup, but by then, the march and the media coverage had radically moulded international opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="21405224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405224" title="Nandini I Love U">
Nandini I Love U

Nandini I Love U () is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Ashok Pati. It is the first venture of Producer Anama Charana Sahoo, under the banner of Laxmi Puja Pvt. Ltd. Siddhanta Mahapatra and Budhaditya are playing the male lead characters whereas Bollywood fame Krisha is playing the female lead.

</doc>
<doc id="21405234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405234" title="Society of Abidance in Truth">
Society of Abidance in Truth

The Society of Abidance in Truth (SAT) is a spiritual nonprofit organization (501(c)(3)) consecrated to the teachings of Advaita Vedanta, especially as revealed by Sri Ramana Maharshi.
Publications.
The Society of Abidance in Truth has published English translations of works such as the "Ribhu Gita", an essential and classic work of Advaita Vedanta highly recommended by Sri Ramana Maharshi. The translation has since then been re-published by Sri Ramanasramam (Tiruvannamalai, India) and translated into Hindi and Italian. Below is the list of their current publications:
Temple.
The Society of Abidance in Truth, also known as SAT Temple, is located in Santa Cruz, California. Spiritual events, such as Satsangs and retreats, are held in the temple throughout the year. Spiritual guidance is provided by Nome, who practiced self-inquiry for steady abidance in Self-Realization.

</doc>
<doc id="21405254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405254" title="Platinum sterling">
Platinum sterling

Platinum Sterling is a registered trademark name of ABI Precious Metals, Inc. The trademark covers a range of alloys whose primary constituents are platinum and silver, primarily used in jewellery. The range of Platinum Sterling alloys was developed in 2003 by Marc Robinson, and its solder was created by Chuck Bennett. 
Properties.
The platinum is used to replace at least some of the copper present in a typical sterling silver alloy, which provides a greater light reflectivity (by refining the grain structure) and resistance to tarnish (thought to be caused by oxidation of copper) than standard sterling silver.
Platinum Sterling is a cheaper alternative to white gold. It is also allegedly hard wearing and very white and so does not require rhodium plating like white gold.
Composition.
The composition of Platinum Sterling is published; three alloys are commercially available, all containing standard 92.5% sterling silver and 1%, 3.5% or 5% platinum. A small amount of gallium can also be added to the alloy to ease manufacturing. 
The patent application for Platinum Sterling claims:
The claim also states:

</doc>
<doc id="21405255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405255" title="Tanigawa (train)">
Tanigawa (train)

The is a high-speed train service operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on the Joetsu Shinkansen in Japan.
History.
The name "Tanigawa" (written as "谷川") was first introduced on 15 November 1982 for limited express services operating between Ueno in Tokyo and Minakami on the Jōetsu Line.
From 1 October 1997, the name (written as "たにがわ") was used for the all-stations services between Tokyo and Echigo-Yuzawa on the Jōetsu Shinkansen, replacing the previous "Toki" all-stations services. During the winter skiing season, trains terminate and start at the seasonal Gala-Yuzawa Station.
E2 series 10-car sets were introduced on three return "Tanigawa" services daily from 26 January 2013, operating at a maximum speed of 240 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="21405261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405261" title="Tanigawa">
Tanigawa

Tanigawa may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="21405269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405269" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Colorado.
It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 83 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21405281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405281" title="Robin Winkler">
Robin Winkler

Robin J. Winkler (; born 1954) is a U.S.-born naturalized Taiwanese citizen who works as a lawyer and environmentalist. 
Career.
Winkler has been a frequent front-line campaigner on green issues in Taiwan, having founded the legal environmental defence organisation Wild at Heart, and spoken out on causes of environmental concern in Taiwan. In 2003, Winkler renounced his United States citizenship and acquired Republic of China (Taiwanese) citizenship.
In February 2009, Winkler was considered for election to the Legislative Yuan seat previously held by Diane Lee, representing Green Party Taiwan. In the end, however Winkler was not able to stand, due to limitations in law. Instead, Calvin Wen (溫炳原), a former Secretary-General of the Party, stood in the by-election instead. 
Per the election laws of the Republic of China, naturalized citizens can only stand for elections after 10 years of obtaining their citizenship. Winkler considers this requirement to be unconstitutional and has pursued the case through petition and an administrative lawsuit, the latter in an attempt to obtain a constitutional interpretation.

</doc>
<doc id="21405300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405300" title="Čekovnik">
Čekovnik

Čekovnik is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. In addition to Čekovnik itself, the settlement includes the hamlets of Hleviše, Nikova, and Osojni Vrh.
History.
Farming in Čekovnik is meager, and traditionally the economy of the village was based on forestry. Until 1926, timber was harvested and floated down Šihtenpoh Creek. A wooden dam was built on the creek in 1868 to aid log driving. During the Second World War, the local farmers were involved in support activities for the Partisans' Pavla Field Hospital. A memorial to this activity was unveiled in 1966.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Čekovnik include:

</doc>
<doc id="21405308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405308" title="Feel It (DJ Felli Fel song)">
Feel It (DJ Felli Fel song)

"Feel It" is a song by DJ Felli Fel released as his third single. It features T-Pain, Sean Paul, Flo Rida and Pitbull. The song samples 20 Fingers' 1994 hit song "Lick It". The single was released on February 10, 2009.
A version is also available featuring Nelly.

</doc>
<doc id="21405315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405315" title="Xavier Review">
Xavier Review

The Xavier Review is a humanities journal published at Xavier University in Louisiana and the oldest American literary journal based at an historically Black college. The "The Xavier Review" was founded in 1980.
Editors.
The current editor is poet Ralph Adamo. Previous editors include Nicole Pepinster Greene, Richard Collins, Thomas Bonner, Jr. and Charles Fort.
Founded by critic Thomas Bonner and poet Charles Fort.
Contributors.
Among its early contributors were Alex Haley, Houston Baker, Walker Percy and Ernest Gaines. More recent contributors of note include poets Richard Spilman and James Doyle, and fiction writer Jacob M. Appel.

</doc>
<doc id="21405321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405321" title="Ben Crabbé">
Ben Crabbé

Benjamin Bert Carl (Ben) Crabbé is a famous Belgian quizmaster, talkshow host and musician. 
He became well known as drummer in Belgian rockband De Kreuners. He is quizmaster at Belgium's longest running quiz-show Blokken, for 15 years. He was voted Belgium's Favorite TV Personality twice, in 2002 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21405330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405330" title="4 Segundos">
4 Segundos

"4 Segundos" is a song written and produced by "Amaia Montero" for her 2008 debut solo album Amaia Montero. It was released as the album's second internationally released single in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21405337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405337" title="2009 Quebec Men's Provincial Curling Championship">
2009 Quebec Men's Provincial Curling Championship

The 2009 Quebec Men's Provincial Curling Championship (Quebec men's provincial curling championship) was held February 8–15 at the Valleyfield Arena in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec. The winning team will represent Quebec at the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier in Calgary. 
Results.
Draw 1.
"February 9, 0830"
Draw 2.
"February 9, 1230"
Draw 3.
"February 9, 1630"
Draw 4.
"February 9, 2100"
Draw 5.
"February 10, 0830"
Draw 6.
"February 10, 1230"
Draw 7.
"February 10, 1630"
Draw 8.
"February 10, 2030"
Draw 9.
"February 11, 0830"
Draw 10.
"February 11, 1230"
Draw 11.
"February 11, 1630"
Draw 12.
"February 11, 2030"
Draw 13.
"February 12, 0830"
Draw 14.
"February 12, 1230"
Draw 15.
"February 12, 1630"
Draw 16.
"February 12, 2030"
Draw 17.
"February 13, 0830"
Draw 18.
"February 13, 1230"
Tiebreakers.
"February 13, 1930"
"February 14, 0900"
Playoffs.
A2 vs. B3.
"February 14, 1400"
A3 vs. B2.
"February 14, 1400"
Quarterfinal.
"February 14, 1900"
A1 vs. B1.
"February 14, 1900"
Semifinal.
"February 15, 0900"
Final.
"February 15, 1400"

</doc>
<doc id="21405373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405373" title="Ng Yong Li">
Ng Yong Li

Ng Yong Li (born October 6, 1985) is a Malaysian professional racing cyclist currently riding for the . Ng made history in 2007 when he became the first Malaysian rider to signed with European team Vitoria ASC from Portugal. He then raced for Japanese team Meitan Hompo-GDR before returning to Malaysia to spend three years with LeTua Cycling Team. He joined in 2012.
Ng will join Start-Trigon for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21405386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405386" title="Belgrade Youth Center">
Belgrade Youth Center

Belgrade Youth Center, or Dom omladine Beograda (DOB), is a cultural center in Belgrade, dedicated primarily to youth. It organizes numerous programs in the area of modern art and culture, as well as educational-debate programs: around 1,000 different programs per year, visited by over 180,000 youths. DOB is trying to encompass all art forms: prose, poetry, music, theatre, film, visual arts, new media and others.
Flexibility and openness to any suggestion refers not only to spaces of DOB, but also to high production standards and program conception. Belgrade Youth Center functions as a platform for promoting new artists, ideas and initiatives.
Additionally, Belgrade Youth Center is a meeting point for domestic and foreign artists, and brings together representatives of different cultural scenes. DOB is a member of numerous local, regional and international cultural networks.
It was founded in 1964 under the auspices of the Secretariate of Culture of the Assembly of the City of Belgrade. The Assembly provides the main funds for the center.
Organization.
DOB's activities are organized in five centers:
Space.
Dom omladine is located in the center of Belgrade, near the Republic Square. For its programs, it maintains:
Separate from this building, DOB also has the Magacin on Kraljevića Marka street - a former warehouse near the city center with over 5000 square meters of available space.

</doc>
<doc id="21405395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405395" title="Črni Vrh, Idrija">
Črni Vrh, Idrija

Črni Vrh (sometimes "Črni Vrh nad Idrijo") is a settlement in the hills south of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Zgornja Vas (), Spodnja Vas (), Trate, Trebče, and Zidiše.
Name.
The name "Črni Vrh" literally means 'black pass' and was originally an oronym that was later transferred to the settlement. The epithet 'black' refers to dark, coniferous woods. The Slovene word "vrh" refers not only to a mountain peak, but may also refer to a saddle or mountain pass. This is the case with Črni Vrh, referring to the pass to the southwest that leads to Col and Ajdovščina.
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Josse and belongs to the Diocese of Koper. The church dates from the 19th century and has a polygonal chancel walled on three sides, a wide rectangular nave, and a belltower. It is roofed with clay tiles. Original furnishings include the Baroque altar in the chancel. The church is located in the center of the village.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Josse's church, other sites in Črni Vrh are registered as cultural heritage.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Črni Vrh include:

</doc>
<doc id="21405405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405405" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Larimer County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 96 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks. Two sites that were once listed have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21405445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405445" title="Godovič">
Godovič

Godovič ( or ) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Godovič" is based on a personal name with the root "*god-" (e.g., "*Godislavъ", "*Godimirъ", etc.), probably referring to something good or favorable. It is related to place names such as "Godič", "Godemarci", and "Godeninci". Locally, the name of the settlement has a mobile accent, pronounced , genitive .
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Urban and belongs to the Diocese of Koper.

</doc>
<doc id="21405448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405448" title="European Junior Championships">
European Junior Championships

The European Junior Championships can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21405458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405458" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pueblo County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pueblo County, Colorado

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pueblo County, Colorado.
It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pueblo County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 64 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21405469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405469" title="LBJ (disambiguation)">
LBJ (disambiguation)

Lyndon B. Johnson (1908–1973) was the 36th United States President.
LBJ may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21405473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405473" title="Samai Amari">
Samai Amari

Samai Amari (born September 26, 1980 in Indonesia) is an Indonesian professional racing cyclist, currently riding for LeTua Cycling Team.

</doc>
<doc id="21405479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405479" title="El Pueblo">
El Pueblo

El Pueblo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21405482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405482" title="Micrococcus roseus">
Micrococcus roseus

Micrococcus roseus is a gram positive bacterial cell that grows in the tetrad arrangement. The normal habitat for this "Micrococcus" species is skin, soil, and water. It derives its name from the carotenoid pigment that it secretes. Isolated colonies on a TSA plate are circular, 1.0–1.5 mm in size, slightly convex, smooth, and pink in color. Optimal growth temperatures range from 25 to 35 degrees Celsius. Micrococcus roseus is a strictly aerobic organism.

</doc>
<doc id="21405489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405489" title="Asahi (train)">
Asahi (train)

The was a limited-stop train service that operated until November 2002 in Japan on the Jōetsu Shinkansen between Tokyo and Niigata.
Operations.
The "Asahi" shinkansen services ran approximately hourly, with two down services ("Asahi" 1 and 3) permitted to operate at 275 km/h in the tunnel section between Jōmō-Kōgen and Urasa using specially modified 200 series (F90) sets, completing the journey in 1 hour 40 minutes (compared to the fastest journey time of 1 hour 37 minutes in 2008 for "Toki" services operating at a maximum speed of 240 km/h).
History.
The name "Asahi", meaning "morning sun" in Japanese, was first introduced on 1 November 1960 for services operating between Niigata and Sendai. This service was renamed "Benibana" from 1 July 1982.
From the start of services on the newly opened Jōetsu Shinkansen on 15 November 1982, "Asahi" was the name used for the limited-stop shinkansen services operating initially between Ōmiya and Niigata, later between Ueno and Niigata, and eventually between Tokyo and Niigata. At the start of Jōetsu Shinkansen operations in 1982, 11 "Asahi" services operated in each direction daily. With the start of shinkansen operations from Ueno on 14 March 1985, the number of "Asahi" services was increased to 34 in each direction daily. From 10 March 1990, two down services (nicknamed "Super Asahi") were timed to operate at a maximum speed of 275 km/h in the tunnel section between Jōmō-Kōgen and Urasa. New E1 series "Max" 12-car sets were introduced on "Max Asahi" services from 15 July 1994, with two workings in each direction daily between Tokyo and Niigata. The number of "Max Asahi" services was increased to five in each direction daily from 3 December 1994. E4 series "Max" trains built in 1997 were first assigned to "Max Asahi" services on 7 May 2001.
The "Asahi" name was discontinued from 1 December 2002 when the "Toki" name was re-introduced for all Tokyo to Niigata trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21405503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405503" title="Don Juan (1998 film)">
Don Juan (1998 film)

Don Juan is a 1998 film directed and written by Jacques Weber, starring Penélope Cruz and Emmanuelle Béart. The screenplay was based on the play "Dom Juan" by Molière. The ending is subtly changed from the play's ending to eliminate all explicitly supernatural elements.

</doc>
<doc id="21405519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405519" title="Wendy's">
Wendy's

Wendy's is an international fast food chain restaurant founded by Dave Thomas on September 15, 1969, in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The company moved its headquarters to Dublin, Ohio, on January 29, 2006. As of March 1999, Wendy's was the world's third largest hamburger fast food chain with approximately 6,650 locations, following Burger King' 12,000+ locations and McDonald's' 31,000+ locations. On April 24, 2008, the company announced a merger with Triarc, the parent company of Arby's. Despite the new ownership, Wendy's headquarters remained in Dublin.
Previously, Wendy's had rejected more than two buyout offers from Triarc Companies Inc. Following the merger, Triarc became known as Wendy's/Arby's Group, a publicly traded company.
Approximately 77% of Wendy's restaurants are franchised, the majority of which are located in North America. Wendy's and its affiliates employ more than 46,000 people in its global operations. In fiscal year 2006, the firm had $2.469 billion (USD) in total sales. While Wendy's sets standards for exterior store appearance, food quality and menu, individual owners have control over hours of operations, interior decor, pricing and staff uniforms and wages.
Wendy's menu consists primarily of hamburgers, chicken sandwiches, French fries and beverages, including the Frosty. Unlike Burger King and McDonald's, the company does not have a signature sandwich, such as the Big Mac or the Whopper. Instead, it has the Dave's Hot 'N Juicy 1/4 lb. Single (introduced in 2011 as a reworking of the longstanding Wendy's Single), a square-pattied burger made with fresh ground beef rather than round frozen patties. Wendy's uses these square hamburger patties as its signature item.
History.
The chain is known for its square hamburgers, sea salt fries and the Frosty, a form of soft serve ice cream mixed with frozen starches. The idea for Wendy's "old fashioned" hamburgers was actually inspired by Dave Thomas's trips to Kewpee Hamburgers in his home town of Kalamazoo, Michigan. The Kewpee sold square hamburgers and thick malt shakes, much like the well-known restaurant that Thomas eventually founded in Columbus, Ohio, in 1969. Within a year, Thomas opened a second restaurant in Columbus, featuring what Wendy's claims in its corporate history was "the first modern-day, drive-thru window," added in 1971. The Columbus location later added a Tim Hortons and was closed on March 2, 2007 after 38 years of business due to declining sales. Thomas named the restaurant after his fourth child Melinda Lou "Wendy" Thomas. Photographs of her were on display at the original Wendy's restaurant until it closed.
In 1979, Wendy's was the first fast-food chain to introduce the salad bar. In 1988, Wendy's expanded its bar to a full-blown buffet called the Superbar for $2.99. The Superbar had various stations: “Mexican Fiesta”, the Italian “Pasta Pasta,” and the “Garden Spot”, salad and fruit. The Superbar was popular but difficult to maintain thus was discontinued in 1998.
In response to a 1986 slowdown in the chain's performance, Wendy's restructured its cleanliness standards, menu and other operational details to ensure that stores met the goals and standards of the parent company so that its franchises were competitive in the market.
Garden Sensations salads were added in 2002.
Menu.
Wendy's offers two different hamburger patties, a "Junior" 1.78 ounce (50.4 gram) patty and its "Single" 4 ounce (113.4 gram) patty. 4 ounce patties are sold in single, double and triple sizes whereas the junior patties sell in single and double patties. The previous size of 2 ounces per junior patty was altered to its current size in 2007 to save on expenses from rising food costs. Originally Wendy's had only two kinds of chicken sandwiches, fried and grilled. The spicy chicken sandwich started out as a promotional sandwich. It was later put on the menu full-time in 1996 due to its popularity and the fact that, compared to most promotional sandwiches, it was much simpler to make (it used the same condiments as the standard breaded chicken sandwich).
The Frescata line of sandwiches also went from being promotional items to main-menu items. After going through several revisions, the Turkey and Swiss and the Ham and Swiss were put on the menu full-time. However, the Frescata sandwiches were discontinued in mid December 2007.
In 1988, Wendy's was the first fast-food chain to create a single price-point value menu where all items listed on that menu were priced exclusively at 99¢. The menu was restructured in 2007 due to rising costs as the Super Value Menu with prices ranging from 99¢ to $2.00 USD.
Breakfast.
In mid-2007 Wendy's began a national debut of its new breakfast menu in its U.S. and Canadian stores. Wendy's experimented with serving breakfast for a short time in 1985, but the endeavor was unsuccessful due to many issues. While approximately 12 Wendy's restaurants in the U.S. and its territories have been serving breakfast since then, Wendy's has not had a company-wide breakfast offering. The new breakfast menu was expected be fully deployed to all Wendy's in the United States by the end of 2009, but as of July 2010, many Wendy's franchises across the country still do not have a breakfast menu.
The newer breakfast menu differs slightly from the one featured in 1985, and it is structured similarly to its lunch/dinner menu, with value meals and various sides like blended fruit. Menu items include several breakfast sandwiches served on biscuits, frescuit and Kaiser rolls, breakfast burritos and side orders of hash browns, muffins, and cinnamon sticks. In order to avoid the same issues the original 1985 breakfast offerings faced, the new menu was designed for ease of operation, lower costs, and reduced preparation time.
Advertising.
After successful early growth of the chain, sales flattened as the company struggled to achieve brand differentiation in the highly competitive fast-food market. This situation would turn around in the mid-1980s. Starting on January 9, 1984, elderly actress Clara Peller was featured in the successful "Where's the Beef?" North American commercial campaign written by Cliff Freeman. Her famous line quickly entered the American pop culture (it was even used by Walter Mondale in a debate with Gary Hart in the Democratic primary election) and served to promote Wendy's hamburgers. Peller, age 84, was dropped from the campaign in 1985 because she performed in a commercial for Prego spaghetti sauce, saying she "finally found" the beef.
Peller was soon after replaced by Wendy's founder Dave Thomas himself. Soft-spoken and bashful, the "Dave" ads generally focused on Thomas praising his products and offering a commitment to quality service, although there would occasionally be "wackier" ads as well. In 1997, the company pulled its advertising from the sitcom "Ellen" after the show's main character came out as a lesbian. The result was a boycott initiated by the gay and lesbian community. After Dave Thomas' death in 2002, Wendy's struggled to find a new advertising campaign. After a round of conventional ads describing the food they serve, in 2004 they tried using a character they made called "Mr. Wendy" who claimed to be the unofficial spokesperson for the chain. These proved to be extremely unsuccessful. After seven months, Wendy's returned to an animated campaign focusing on the difference between Wendy's square hamburgers and the round hamburgers of competitors.
Wendy's marketing arm engages in product placement in films and television and is sometimes seen on ABC's reality show "", serving food to the more than 100 construction workers. A recent Wendy's commercial features the tune from the Violent Femmes song "Blister in the Sun."
With their "That's right" ad campaign not a success, Wendy's unveiled a new ad campaign, featuring an animated Wendy that's voiced by Luci Christian highlighting certain menu items. The new ad campaign made its debut in late January 2008, with a new slogan: "It's waaaay better than fast food. It's Wendy's." The company's slogan, "you know when it's real," was introduced in 2009.
In April 2012, Morgan Smith Goodwin began appearing in ads with the slogan, "Now that's better."
In 2013, social media advertising featuring Nick Lachey directed at millennials promoted the Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger.
A 2014 campaign to promote the Tuscan Chicken on Ciabatta sandwich entitled "L'Estrella de la Toscana," or "Star of Tuscany" in English was launched on television and social media.

</doc>
<doc id="21405532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405532" title="Sam Adams Award">
Sam Adams Award

The Sam Adams Award is given annually to an intelligence professional who has taken a stand for integrity and ethics. The Award is given by the Sam Adams Associates for Integrity in Intelligence , a group of retired CIA officers. It is named after Samuel A. Adams, a CIA whistleblower during the Vietnam War, and takes the physical form of a "corner-brightener candlestick".
Ray McGovern established the Sam Adams Associates "to reward intelligence officials who demonstrated a commitment to truth and integrity, no matter the consequences."
The 2012, 2013 and 2014 Awards were presented at the Oxford Union.

</doc>
<doc id="21405537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405537" title="Junkyard Nostalgias">
Junkyard Nostalgias

Junkyard Nostalgias is the fourth album by Norwegian pop/experimental singer-songwriter Kaada. It was the second album by Kaada not to be released by Ipecac Recordings (the first being "MECD") — instead, it was released by his own label, Kaada Recordings.
The album comes with eleven postcards depicting Polish landscapes.

</doc>
<doc id="21405542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405542" title="Not Now, Darling">
Not Now, Darling

Not Now, Darling is a 1967 farce written by English playwrights John Chapman and Ray Cooney, first staged at the Richmond Theatre, in Richmond, England prior to a long West End run starring Donald Sinden and Bernard Cribbins, with Jill Melford and Ann Sidney. 
It was adapted as a film in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21405559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405559" title="Gore, Idrija">
Gore, Idrija

Gore is a settlement in the hills east of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Mary Magdalene and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21405590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405590" title="Catalan symbols">
Catalan symbols

The oldest Catalan symbol is the Coat of arms of Catalonia, one of the oldest coats of arms in Europe. It dates back to the 9th century, according to a legend that says that the four red bars ("Quatre Pals" or "Quatre Barres") are the result of Charles the Bald, known also as Charles II, king of West Francia, smearing four bloodied fingers over Wilfred the Hairy's golden shield, after the latter had fought bravely against the Saracens.
Catalonia's symbols as defined in the Statute of Catalonia: are the flag, Catalonia's day, and the anthem:
These symbols have often a political and revindicative significance.
The highest civil distinction awarded in Catalonia is the St George's Cross "(Creu de Sant Jordi)".
Historical symbols.
Certain former institutions, like the Catalan constitutions, the "Usatges", the Consell de Cent and the Corts Catalanes are valued as historical symbols of ancient local forms of government by Catalans.
Owing to a common history and shared experiences, as well as interactions at different levels along the centuries, many of the traditional Catalan symbols overlap with those of Aragon, Valencia and the Balearic Islands. This is often cause of controversies, as it is often difficult to resolve conflicts regarding differing perceptions of the culture, the history and the language issues surrounding what was the former Crown of Aragon and the culturally Catalan geographic areas. Places like the Poblet Monastery where the ancient kings lie buried are especially revered as common symbols that helped consolidate Catalonia in the 12th century.
Historical symbols of a military nature.
In former times the existence and very survival of Catalonia depended on being victorious in the constant battles against the Saracens. Therefore many ancient Catalan symbols are of a warlike nature, like Otger Cataló, also known as Pare de la Pàtria ("Father of the Country"), the Nou Barons de la Fama, James the Conqueror, the Almogavars, Bernat de Rocafort and the Comte Tallaferro. Present-day "moros i cristians" popular festivals still commemorate the battles against the Moors (or Muslims) that allowed the Catalans to endure the invasions.
The anthem of "Els Segadors", as well as the sickle, date back to the Catalan Revolt (1640 - 1652), while the "Timbaler del Bruc" (drummer of El Bruc) commemorates the resistance against Napoleon I's troops in Catalonia during the Peninsular War (1808 - 1814).
Religious symbols.
Ancestral symbols, like the Virgin of Montserrat, other Virgins and Saints, as well as the "Pessebre", the "Nit de Reis" and the Christmas celebrations, are derived from the Christian doctrine. These symbols were fruit of a time when churches or cathedrals were in the centre of Catalan towns and respect for priests was not discussed. The Christian cross and the colors of the sacrifice of Christ, white and red for "body and blood", inspired a great part of the Catalan traditional emblems. Some old Christian symbols are now subject to controversy, for present-day society in Catalonia is in a state of Postchristianity, seeing itself as more secular than its traditional ancestry.
The names of many villages, cities and mountains all over Catalonia, like "Santa Susanna", "Sant Sadurní d'Anoia", or "Sant Llorenç del Munt", as well as a great number of chapels and hermitages spread all over the territory, remain as a testimony of the ancestral faith of the Catalans. In recent times, however, these symbols have seen their meaning much reduced. While until the 19th century all Catalans felt represented by their symbols of Christianity, nowadays only a few consider them relevant.
Already in 1905 writer and bishop Josep Torras i Bages (1846–1916), convinced that the Catalan nation had to be Christian in order to establish itself as something enduring and meaningful in the future, strongly criticized the secularism displayed by the "militant nationalism" of Enric Prat de la Riba (1870–1917).
According to Torras i Bages, the seny (a kind of good sense and wisdom), another Catalan symbol, was based in ancient Catalan traditions. Analyzing this controversy, Mossèn Gaietà Soler i Perejoan (1863–1914) came to the conclusion that "there are two "opposing visions" in Catalonia, from one side the Catholic (one), based on ""seny"" and tradition, aiming to promote benevolent social restoration ... of the faith and social and legal customs of Catalonia...", and on the other side "the unconcerned (vision), based on what is politically convenient, in order to achieve, rather than social improvement, (merely) the political prestige of a nation-state."
Folkloric and popular symbols.
Aside of the symbols of a historic, political and religious character, there are other popular Catalan symbols which are more or less serious according to the case and the context.
Many of these symbols come from the local folklore, like the Sardana dance, the "Castellers" and the "gegants i capgrossos", as well as the dragon, and its derivations, the "cucafera", the "vibria" and the bat. The choosing of a "Pubilla" in the summer fairs comes from an old tradition based on the transmission of hereditary patrimony in rural Catalonia.
While other peoples and nations have a "national bird" or a "national flower", Catalonia does not have much in the way of tongue-in-cheek popular established symbols, even though the yellow weaver's broom ("Spartium junceum") has often been regarded as such in literature, specially in combination with red poppies. The ""ruc català"" or ""burro català"" (Catalan donkey) is a relatively recent creation when the need was felt to produce something Catalan to oppose to the Central Spanish Osborne bull, widely perceived by Catalans as a centralistic symbol, alien to their culture.
Still, certain traditional and "typical" symbols deserve mention, like Patufet, the St George's Day red rose, the "Nit de Sant Joan" bonfires, the "correfoc", the "barretina" traditional hat, the "porró", the "Tió de Nadal" and the "caganer".
One of the most famous international symbols of Catalonia is FC Barcelona. The area's footballing branch is supported with a passion by its fans, the "culés". Each season "Barça" engages in one of "La Liga's" most famous rivalries, "El Clàssic" against long-time rivals Real Madrid. To a lesser extent the USAP Perpignan rugby team is also considered, especially by some Catalan nationalists, as an unofficial national team of Catalonia.
Geographic symbols.
Mountains like the Canigó, Montserrat and the striking double-peaked "Pedraforca", are ancestral symbols endowed with mythical attributes according to the local folklore.
Certain cities of the Catalan cultural area have a symbolic significance as the most extreme geographic points of the spoken Catalan language or one of its variants. These are: Salses, the northernmost, Guardamar (Valencian), the southernmost, Maó (Menorquí), the easternmost, and Fraga, the westernmost.
Gastronomic symbols.
The ""botifarra amb mongetes"" (local sausage with beans) is perhaps the most representative Catalan dish. Other representative Catalan cuisine dishes are the "faves a la catalana", prepared with tender broad beans and botifarra, "escudella i carn d'olla", "esqueixada", "escalivada", and finally "pa amb tomàquet", as well as the "embotits" that are eaten along with it.
Among the typical Catalan desserts and sweets, the most famous are ""mel i mató"" (local cottage cheese with honey), "crema catalana" and "coca". The "torró" (nougat) is eaten during Christmas time.
Political symbols.
"El Pi de les Tres Branques" ("the three-branched pine") is an individual pine tree located in the municipality of Castellar del Riu in northern Catalonia. Since the late 19th century it has been seen as a symbol of the unity of the three "Catalan countries" and been a venue for political and cultural gatherings.

</doc>
<doc id="21405597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405597" title="Mu Sapanara Soudagar">
Mu Sapanara Soudagar

Mu Sapanara Soudagar () is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Sanjay Nayak. This is the first film of Sabyasachi Mishra and Archita Sahu together. this film is inspired from Bollywood movies like Darr and Agnee Shakhi. The oriya film is superbly done by Sanjay Nayak as director. The biggest plus point of this movie's success is Sabyasachi Mishra as Omm, which is critically acclaimed by viewers and critics. Sabyasachi(Omm) played the title character as an anti hero. Archita(Shriya) played love interested of both Omm and Chandan, which was played by Arindam Roy.
Box office.
After the super success of "Dhana re rakhibu Sapatha mora", Subham films released their second venture on the occasion of Raja Festival. The movie was made on a medium budget. Due to its fast-paced storyline and some good performances, the movie got a very good response at the box office and was declared as a superhit. Actor Sabyasachi Mishra Bagged many awards for his classy performance in this movie.

</doc>
<doc id="21405602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405602" title="Yakuman DS">
Yakuman DS

The original version was released in Japan in March 2005 by Nintendo. In September of the following year they re-released the game with an online mode and the revised title . Both versions were released only in Japan and with predominantly Japanese text.
In Japanese mahjong the term "yakuman" can refer both to the rare high-scoring limit hands and to the largest score limit that can be applied to a winning hand under Japanese mahjong scoring rules.
Characters.
The official English names for the characters are given here.
The Opponents.
Naturally, the character the player has chosen will not be available as an opponent.
References.
"The initial version of this article was based on the article Yakuman DS from the external wiki Super Mario Wiki, released under the GFDL by its authors."

</doc>
<doc id="21405666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405666" title="Richard Arnold Dümmer">
Richard Arnold Dümmer

Richard Arnold Dümmer (1887 Cape Town - 2 December 1922 Uganda) was a South African botanist who collected in South Africa, Kenya and Uganda. 
Dümmer worked in the Cape Town municipal gardens before joining Kew as a gardener in 1910. In 1911 he became assistant to Prof. Augustine Henry and had a hand in preparing Elwes and Henry's ""The Trees of Great Britain and Ireland"" for publication. Dümmer worked in the herbaria and libraries of Kew, the British Museum, the Linnaean Society, Cambridge, Oxford and Edinburgh Universities. He published taxonomic notes on "Agathosma", "Eugenia", Bruniaceae, "Alepidea", "Lotononis", "Pleiospora", Combretaceae, "Adenandra" and "Acmadenia".
He was employed by the "Kivuvu Rubber Company" of Kampala in 1914, using the opportunity to collect flowering plants and fungi. He also arranged botanical expeditions to Mount Elgon and Mount Longonot crater. Dümmer then spent a year back in Cape Town identifying and processing his collections. 
His life and career were cut short by a motor-cycle accident on the Jinji road in Kampala. He is commemorated by the "Kew Guild"'s annual award of "The Dümmer Memorial Prize" to the student submitting the best collection of British plants. His specimens number over 20 000 and are housed at PRE, SAM, NH, BM, E, K, MO, P and US. 

</doc>
<doc id="21405693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405693" title="Gorenja Kanomlja">
Gorenja Kanomlja

Gorenja Kanomlja is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21405703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405703" title="Pagala Premi">
Pagala Premi

Paagal Premi () is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Hara Patnaik .This is a remake of Telugu hit movie Arya.
Plot.
Surya (Sabyasachi mishra) and Gitanjali (Arpita) are smart college students. Surya falls in love with Gitanjali at first sight. Ajay (Sukanta) is a spoilt brat and is the son of local M.L.A. Abinash (Pradyumna Lenka).Ajay likes Gitanjali and thus proposes to her. When Gitanjali refuses, Ajay threatens that he will jump from the college roof top. Being a meek girl, Gitanjali accepts the proposal and starts dating Ajay. 
Meanwhile, Surya proposes to Gitanjali. In the presence of Gitanjali's boy friend, Ajay, Gitanjali refuses. But Surya doesn't yet to give up on her as he feels that Gitanjali doesn't love Ajay truly. Surya tries to impress Gitanjali sincerely without creating a rift between the two. The film is all about how Surya tries to win Gitanjali with his attitude and positive out look.
Accolades.
Actor Sabyasachi Mishra got the Best Actor Award from the Orissa State Film Awards in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21405706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405706" title="Umchabezi River">
Umchabezi River

The Umchabezi River is a tributary of the Mzingwane River in Beitbridge District and Gwanda District, Zimbabwe. The main dam on the river is Makado Dam, which supplies water for commercial irrigation.

</doc>
<doc id="21405709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405709" title="Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve">
Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve

The Eduardo Abaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve ("Reserva Nacional de Fauna Andina Eduardo Abaroa"; Spanish acronym: REA) is located in Sur Lípez Province. Situated in the far southwestern region of Bolivia, it is the country's most visited protected area. It is considered the most important protected area in terms of tourist influx in the Potosí Department.
Located at an altitude between and in Bolivia, it extends over an area of and includes the Laguna Colorada National Wildlife Sanctuary. Categorized under IUCN Category IV, it is primarily for the protection of birds that inhabit the different lagoons in the reserve. The reserve protects part of the Central Andean dry puna (oligothermic) ecoregion. The reserve's major attractions are erupting volcanoes, hot springs, geysers, lakes, fumaroles, mountains and its three endemic species of flamingos in particular.
History.
Established in 1953, the national park is named after Eduardo Abaroa (1838–1879), the Bolivian war hero of the 19th century. It was created by Supreme Decree (SD) of 13 December 1973 and extended on May 14, 1981. Since 2009, the entire reserve is part of the larger Los Lípez Ramsar site.
Geography.
The reserve is situated in the southern region of Andean mountains in southwestern Bolivia. The mountains rise to heights varying from . The basin features depict active volcanoes, hot springs, geysers and fumaroles, and a parallel has been drawn with the Yellowstone National Park in the US. Its water resources are limited to lakes and salt water lagoons due to very low rainfall of annually. Two communities, Quetena Chico and Quetena Grande, lie within the reserve.
Lakes include Laguna Verde, Laguna Colorada, Laguna Salada, Laguna Busch and Laguna Hedionda. Laguna Colorada lies at an altitude of and covers . It is named after the effect of wind and sun on the micro-organism that live in it. The lake is very shallow, less than deep, and supports some 40 bird species, providing pink algae to population of rare James's Flamingoes who can walk across it.
An unusual natural feature of attraction (much photographed) in the reserve is an isolated rock formation projecting out of the sand dunes of Siloli at a place known as Árbol de Piedra. It is about north of Laguna Colorada. It is known as the “Stone Tree” as it is in the shape of a stunted tree, which is formed as a thin rock due to strong wind action.
The climate in winter (May to August) is dry, generally with no rain during the summer (December to April). The average temperature is . The lowest temperatures are recorded during the months of May, June and July.
The park contains the following mountains:
Culture.
Quetena Chico, founded in the 1920s, has a population 520, while Quetena Grande, founded shortly thereafter, is the smaller of the two and has a population of 180. Although the inhabitants are of Quechua decent, their primary language is Spanish. Health care and schooling were unavailable until the 1990s, while electricity and potable water systems were also unavailable at least until 2005. Near Quetena Chico, there are some archaeological remains, "jaranas" (stone huts), "tambos" (trail markers), rock paintings, and a ceremonial site lying in a depression between two volcanoes. Atulcha (or Chullpares), is an archeological site with mummies in a cave on Tunupa Volcano.
Economy.
The most important income generating activity for the two local communities has been camelid farming, selling llama wool and meat. With the restriction on fox hunting subsequent to the REA, community members' livelihoods have been negatively affected as the fox is the principal predator of llamas. Before establishment of the REA, flamingo egg sales provided monetary income to locals. The park visitor centre is located in Quetena Chico and tourism is growing steadily as, in 2007 there were over 67,000 visitors, six times the number reported in 1997. In addition to working in the tourist trade, locals pan for gold in the Río Quetena.
Mining is a major industry in and around the reserve, rich in natural resources of veins of lead, zinc and silver. As a result, 61 mining concessions are located in the park. Also extracted are its nonmetallic mineral resources like sulfur and ulexite the evaporating mineral. Ulexite is converted to boric acid and is exported to the United States, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Flora.
The reserve in the Andean has vegetation consisting of tropical alpine herbs with dwarf shrubs of the forests of "Polylepis". Plant and tree species are reportedly about 190 species, in the harsh terrain, which have emerged given the conditions of salinity, lack of fresh water, low temperatures, and scarcity of nutrients. Flora restricted to this and other ecoregions include the genera "Barneoudia", "Hexaptera", "Nototriche", "Pycnophyllum" and "Werneria". The vegetation is characterized by the strong presence of pasture grass (straw) such as Peruvian feather grass ("Stipa ichu") in some plains and hillsides. The important plant species on which people are dependent for fuel wood in the area is yareta, which grows in the forest of the reserve at per year amidst rocky terrain. This hardwood tree, which looks like a foamy bubble bath but is as hard as stone, grows slowly, attaining a height of about in height with girth of and can be as old as 3000 years. In places with higher humidity, Tola or Thola ("Parastrephia lepidophylla"), Quinoa and Kenua bush tree are found. The villagers use vegetation as fuel for heating and cooking.
Fauna.
The reserve is habitat for ten reptile species (including two lizards of the genus "Liolaemus"), amphibians and fish. Other domesticated animals that are raised in 500 villages inhabited by Quetena Grande and Quetena Chico communities are the llamas and alpacas; however, grazing by these animals on the native grasses and plants in the reserve has a detrimental effect on the conservation of the park.
The fauna is characterized by the presence of species that have adapted to extreme living conditions in the region, some of them endangered. The reserve is home to 80 species of birds. Out of six flamingo species in the world, three species namely, Chilean, Andean and James flamingos are found in very large numbers in the freshwater lakes and saltwater lagoons of the reserve; of the "Phoenicopterus chilensis", "Phoenicoparrus andinus" and "Phoenicoparrus jamesi" flamingos in the reserve, their population recorded in 1994 as 26,600. In addition, the reserve is also the habitat for 80 more species of birds, which include the falcons, ducks, Lesser Rhea" (Pterocnemia pennata)", Puna Tinamou "(Tinamotis pentlandii)" and Andean Goose "(Chloephaga melanoptera)". Endemic birds found in this ecoregion also include the endangered Ash-breasted tit-tyrant "(Anairetes alpinus)"; the critically threatened royal cinclodes "(Cinclodes aricomae)", the vulnerable Berlepsch’s canastero "(Asthenes berlepschi)"; and species of least concern the line-fronted canastero "(Asthenes urubambensis)", scribble-tailed canastero "(Asthenes maculicauda)", short-tailed finch "(Idiopsar bracyurus)", and gray-bellied flower-piercer "(Diglosa carbonaria)".
Mammals reported in the protected reserve are 23 species, which include pumas, Andean foxes ("Pseudalopex culpaeus") and vizcacha (rabbit -like), and also Endangered species of vicuñas ("Vicugna vicugna"), suri, Andean condor, keñua, puma ("Felis concolor"), andean cat ("Felis jacobita"), and quirquincho ("Chaetophractus nationi").
Threats.
The region of Polylepis forests as a whole has been subject to heavy degradation. The overuse of "Polylepis tarapacana", and "Azorella compacta" has brought the reserve under severe stress. It is due to overgrazing by domesticated animals, use of forest trees for fuel, burning, clearance for cultivation and due to dumping of tailings or mining wastes. Tourism is also perceived as a threat to the park environment and the tourism industry has reported a visitation of a large number of people annually to the reserve; the security forces engaged for protecting the park is inadequate to meet this challenge. Human disturbance, soil erosion, wastes in lakes and lagoons, and fecal coliform runoff from waste are also identified reasons affecting the conservation of flamingos.
Conservation.
The Conservancy and the Bolivian National Protected Areas Service (SERNAP) has the onus for operating and maintaining the reserve with its trained 14 park guards who are provided with patrol vehicles and two-way radios. However, keeping in view the growing influx of tourists to the park and other threats from other sources as reported, SERNAP has prepared a Master Plan for park management plan subsuming ecotourism as an essential component to generate financial resources. According to Andy Drumm, director of the Ecotourism Program, entrance fees at the reserve amounted to about $200,000 in 2006. This necessitated a scientific study on the carrying capacity of the reserve due to large influx of tourists. However, SERNAP is associating the TROPICO (created in 1986 as a non-governmental, non-profit organization for biodiversity conservation in Bolivia.) as its conservancy partner to introduce and enforce environmental regulations in the reserve.
Parks in Peril (PiP), a program of intervention, a collaboration between "the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and the Nature Conservancy to Preserve our Natural Heritage" provided funding for conservations works of the reserve, which is one of the most economically backward areas. This funding, provided between 1999 and 2002, enabled PiP to work in association with the SERNAP and the Nature Conservancy, and TROPICO providing the supervisory services, to evolve a self-sustaining strategy of utilizing park entrance fee for conservation related aspects. This experience gained from this pilot model for ecotourism is now replicated in other parks in Bolivia. Other strategies adopted for conservation of the reserve were: Restricting visitor access to some of the reserve’s vulnerable resources; providing natural gas and solar energy as cooking fuel replacing wood cutting from the reserve; agricultural extension services to educate farmers on better methods of farming; improvement of infrastructure in the reserve including staffing for patrolling and security; and collection of scientific data.

</doc>
<doc id="21405714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405714" title="Aoba (train)">
Aoba (train)

History.
Express.
The name "Aoba" (written as "青葉") was first used from 20 November 1945 on an service between in Tokyo and on the Tōhoku Main Line. This continued until the train was renamed on 1 October 1965.
Limited express.
The "Aoba" name (written as "あおば") was reintroduced from 20 March 1971 on Limited express services between and . These services were discontinued on 24 November 1975.
Shinkansen.
From the start of services on the newly opened Tōhoku Shinkansen on 23 June 1982, "Aoba" was the name used for the all-stations shinkansen services operating initially between and Sendai, later between Ueno and Sendai, and eventually between and Sendai. Services initially used 200 series 12-car "E" sets with a Green (first class) car as car 7, and a buffet counter in car 9. Services later used 8-car 200 series "G" sets with a Green (first class) car as car 5, and a buffet counter in car 7.
8-car G sets.
The number of "Aoba" services was reduced from 1 December 1995, following the introduction of the "Nasuno" all-stations service, and the name was finally discontinued from 1 October 1997 when the remaining trains were integrated with "Yamabiko" services.

</doc>
<doc id="21405724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405724" title="Japanese food supply ship Irako">
Japanese food supply ship Irako

The ship was named for Cape Irago, at the tip of Atsumi Peninsula in Aichi prefecture.
Construction.
She was built in 1937 under the 3rd Naval Armaments Supplement Programme, in preparation for the anticipated war with the United States. She was intended to supplement the Combined Fleet's existing food supply ship "Mamiya". Her design was similar to that of "Mamiya", but she was smaller. Her warehouse was able to supply 25,000 men over two weeks. A sister ship, "Kusumi", was planned in 1942 under the Modified 5th Naval Armaments Supplement Programme, but construction was cancelled after the start of the Solomon Islands campaign.
Service.
"Irako" was completed and assigned to the Combined fleet on 5 December 1941. In January 1942, she started sailing between the Japanese homeland (Kure and Yokosuka) to the front, including Saipan, Truk, and Davao. Starting in April of that year, she started sailing to Singapore from the Japanese mainland as well. In August, she started making what would eventually be 12 trips to Truk from the mainland.
On 20 January 1944, she sustained heavy damage in an attack by USS "Seadragon" north of Truk . On 5 July, she was assigned to the Southwest Area Fleet, where she underwent repairs, which were completed in August 1944. She was dispatched to Manila Bay soon afterwards with convoy Hi-71, arriving on 2 September. She was present for the air raid carried out by Task Force 38 on 21 September, saving survivors from the destroyer "Satsuki". On 22 September, she headed toward Coron Bay, only to be damaged during an air raid by aircraft of Task Force 38 at and scuttled on 24 September. She was decommissioned on 30 November 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="21405759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405759" title="Gorenji Vrsnik">
Gorenji Vrsnik

Gorenji Vrsnik is a village in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies on the road from Idrija to Žiri.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Thomas and belongs to the Parish of Ledine.

</doc>
<doc id="21405778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405778" title="Square (EP)">
Square (EP)

Square is the only release by short-lived American rock band Red Square Black. It was recorded by Bob Marlette at The Blue Room.

</doc>
<doc id="21405785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405785" title="Govejk">
Govejk

Govejk is a small village in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies on the road from Idrija to Žiri.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Govejek" to "Govejk" in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="21405796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405796" title="2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 1500 metres">
2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 1500 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 1500 metres event at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris, France. There were a total number of 29 participating athletes, with three qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Wednesday 27 August 2003 at 21:00h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Heats.
Held on Saturday 23 August 2003
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21405812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405812" title="Roger Ryberg">
Roger Ryberg

Roger Ryberg (born 16 April 1952) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Following the 2007 election, Ryberg became the new county mayor ("fylkesordfører") of Buskerud. Behind him was a coalition of the Labour Party, the Socialist Left Party, the Centre Party and the Liberal Party, who kept the right-wing candidate Mette Lund Stake at bay with 22 versus 21 votes in the county council. Before being elected county mayor, Ryberg had been mayor of Hurum municipality. He also served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Buskerud during the term 1989–1993.
He resides at Filtvet.

</doc>
<doc id="21405814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405814" title="Kanger">
Kanger

A kanger (; also known as kangri or kangar or kangir) is an pot filled with hot embers used by Kashmiris beneath their traditional clothing to keep the chill at bay, which is also regarded as a work of art. It is normally kept inside the phiren (Overcoat type garment), the Kashmiri cloak, or inside a blanket. If a person is wearing a jacket, it may be used as a hand-warmer. It is about in diameter and reaches a temperature of about .
Background.
After the earthen pots are moulded, these are sold to the artisans who complete the wickerwork around them, erect two arms to handle the pot, and colour it to give an aesthetically delicate shape. The final product then goes to the market. It is generally believed that Kashmiris learnt the use of the Kangri from the Italians who were in the retinue of the Mughal emperors, and usually visited the Valley during summer. In Italy (where a similar device was known as a "scaldino") and Spain braziers were made in a great variety of shapes and were profusely ornamented. Historical data, however, contradicts the claim that kangri has come to Kashmir from Italy, but it is known that it was used in the time of the Mughal Empire. Those visiting Kashmir for the first time during the winter season are surprised to find people carrying firepots in their hands or in their laps but every Kashmiri knows how to handle the apparatus with care. Kashmiri Pandits burn Kangri's on the occasion of a local festival called Teela Aetham, marking the end of winter season. Isband, aromatic seeds believed to shove away negative energies, are burnt in a kanger to mark a good beginning to a party.
Legacy.
This Kashmiri proverb, "what Laila was on Majnun’s bosom (Legendary Lovers), so is the Kanger to a Kashmiri", sums up the relationship between a Kashmiri and the Kanger and its cultural importance, which is also shown by this verse:
Medical hazards.
Regular use of the kanger can cause a specific skin cancer known as kangri cancer. This effect was first studied by W. J. Elmslie in 1866 and was thought to be caused by burns, but it is now thought to be the result of a carcinogenic distillation product of woodcoal.

</doc>
<doc id="21405817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405817" title="Ariel Meredith">
Ariel Meredith

Ariel Meredith is an American model who appeared in the 2009,2012, 2013 and 2014 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issues. Born in Shreveport, Louisiana in 1986, she did some part-time modeling starting in 1998 until she finished her schooling. 
Background.
A native of Shreveport, Louisiana, she was senior class parliamentarian and a senior senator on the student council of her 2001–2002 class at Huntington High School. After high school graduation, she moved to New York City. Meredith's mother's name is Marjorie Meredith and her father's name is David Meredith.
Career.
Although she was discovered at age 14 she did not pursue modeling as a full-time career until after she completed her education in 2008. In 1998, she won a 500-contestant modeling competition in Dallas and signed with Ford Models in New York and Campbell Modeling Agency in Dallas. She got 32 call-backs from the contest. As a teenager she appeared in "Seventeen, Teen Cosmopolitan, Cosmopolitan," and "Teen" magazines. She began traveling domestically while still in school. In 2002, she appeared on the MTV show "Fashionably Loud". She started modeling regularly in 2005. When one of her early modeling agencies demanded that she have breast reduction surgery, she refused and was dropped from the agency. 
"The New York Times" mentioned her YouTube beauty secret video on using a toothbrush to exfoliate one's lips prior to applying lip gloss in 2007. She debuted for Vera Wang's Spring Show in New York in September 2008. Her September 2008 New York Fashion week runway debut experience, where she also modeled for Nicole Miller, was chronicled in the USA Today. She appeared in shows for a total of eleven fashion designers including an opening performance for Junya Watanabe, which marked her rising stardom. After her shows in New York, she did eight shows in Milan. She has performed in runway shows for Baby Phat, Brioni, Clips, Diesel, D&G, Elie Saab, Junya Watanabe, La Perla, Milly, Vera Wang and many more. According to "The Times-Picayune", her September 2008 New York and Milan Fashion week performances led to her classification as a rising star in the modeling industry. 
She is featured in the 2009 Spring/Summer Dolce & Gabbana advertising campaign, which was shot by Mario Testino. She has also posed for J.Crew, Ann Taylor Loft, H&M, David's Bridal, Cover Girl eyewear, Fossil, Target, Garnier Fructis, Nine West, Roca Wear, Victoria's Secret, The Limited, Sephora, Levi's, and Gap. Meredith shot the 2009 Swimsuit issue at beaches, lagoons, cantinas and nature preserves near Tulum, Mexico on the Mayan Riviera. As of 2014, she is currently represented by Supreme Management in New York City. 

</doc>
<doc id="21405834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405834" title="Idrijska Bela">
Idrijska Bela

Idrijska Bela is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies in the hills southwest of the town of Idrija.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Bela" to "Idrijska Bela" in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="21405841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405841" title="NHRC">
NHRC

NHRC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21405842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405842" title="The Game of Life">
The Game of Life

The Game of Life, also known simply as LIFE, is a board game originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradley, as The Checkered Game of Life (and later produced by the Milton Bradley Company of Springfield, Massachusetts). The Game of Life was America's first popular parlor game. The game simulates a person's travels through his or her life, from college to retirement, with jobs, marriage, and possible children along the way. Two to six players can participate in one game. Variations of the game accommodate eight to ten players.
The modern version was originally published 100 years later, in 1960. It was created by toy and game designer Reuben Klamer and was "heartily endorsed" by Art Linkletter. It is now part of the permanent collection of the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History. It later spawned a book, "The Game of Life: How to Succeed in Real Life No Matter Where You Land" (Running Press), by Lou Harry.
History.
The game was originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradley as "The Checkered Game of Life". This was the first game created by Bradley, a successful lithographer, whose major product until that time was a portrait of Abraham Lincoln with a clean-shaven face, which did not do well once the subject grew his famous beard. The game sold 45,000 copies by the end of its first year. Like many games from the 19th century, such as The Mansion of Happiness by S.B. Ives in 1843, it had a strong moral message.
Bradley's game did not include dice, instead using a teetotum, a six-sided top (dice were considered too similar to gambling).
The game board was essentially a modified checkerboard. The object was to land on the "good" spaces and collect 100 points. A player could gain 50 points by reaching "Happy Old Age" in the upper-right corner, opposite "Infancy" where one began.
In 1960, the 100th anniversary of "The Checkered Game of Life", the first modern version of "The Game of Life", a collaboration between Reuben Klamer and Bill Markham, was introduced. The game was re-published many times over the years, including 1961, 1966, 1978, 1985, 1992, 2000, and 2005.
Setup.
The modern game consists of a track on which players travel by spinning a small wheel (in the center of the board) with spaces numbered 1 through 10. The board also contains small mountains, buildings, and other three-dimensional objects. Playing pieces are small, colored, plastic automobiles which come in red, blue, white, yellow, orange, and green; each car has six holes in the top in which blue and/or pink "people pegs" are placed throughout the game as the player "gets married" and has or adopts "children". Some "early modern" editions have eight automobiles.
Each game also includes a setup for a bank, which includes play money (in denominations of $5,000, $10,000, $20,000, $50,000, and $100,000. The $500 bills were dropped in the 1980s, as were the $1,000 bills in 1992.), insurance policies (automobile, life, fire, and/or homeowners' insurance depending on the version), $20,000 promissory notes and stock certificates. Other tangibles vary with the game version.
Versions.
1960s version.
"The Game of Life", copyrighted by the Milton Bradley Company in 1963, had some differences from later versions. For example, once a player reached the Day of Reckoning, they could end up at the "Poor Farm", or become a Millionaire Tycoon, moving on to Millionaire Acres.
This version had Art Linkletter as the spokesman, included his likeness on the $100,000 bills (with his name displayed on the bills as "Arthur Linkletter Esq.") and a rousing endorsement from Linkletter on the cover of the box. It was advertised as a "Milton Bradley 100th Anniversary Game" and as "A Full 3-D Action Game."
1970s/1980s versions.
About halfway through the production of this version, many dollar values doubled. This description focuses on the later version with the larger dollar amounts. The late 1980s version also replaced the convertibles from earlier versions with minivans. Early 1960s-era convertibles were still used in the 1978 edition.
The "Revenge" squares were renamed "Sue for damages" in the 1978 edition.
1991 version.
"The Game of Life" was updated in 1991 to reward players for "good" behavior, such as recycling trash and helping the homeless.
2005 version.
An updated version of the game was released in 2005 with a few gameplay changes. The new "Game of Life" reduced the element of chance, although it is still primarily based on chance and still rewards players for taking risks.

</doc>
<doc id="21405845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405845" title="Aguaragüe National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area">
Aguaragüe National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area

Aguaragüe National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area ("Parque Nacional y Área Natural de Manejo Integrado Serranía del Aguaragüe") is a protected area in Bolivia situated in the Tarija Department, Gran Chaco Province. The national park covers the whole of Serranía del Aguaragüe, the easternmost mayor Sub-Andean range. 

</doc>
<doc id="21405876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405876" title="Idrijske Krnice">
Idrijske Krnice

Idrijske Krnice is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Krnice" to "Idrske Krnice" in 1952. It was changed again from "Idrske Krnice" to "Idrijske Krnice" in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="21405885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405885" title="Kalishankar">
Kalishankar

Kalishankar or Kalisankar (,) is the bilingual film in Oriya and Bengali language by director Prashanta Nanda in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21405914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405914" title="Idrijski Log">
Idrijski Log

Idrijski Log (; ) is a dispersed settlement on the right bank of the upper course of the Idrijca River in the hills south of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. In addition to the settlement of Idrijski Log itself, it also includes the hamlets of Koševnik and Na Pevcu.
Geography.
Idrijski Log lies on the north end of the Črni Vrh Plateau, which then drops sharply to the Idrijca Valley. It is connected to the hamlet of Podroteja in Idrija by a gravel road with a series of switchbacks and to Godovič by a route known as the French Road (), which also leads to Črni Vrh and connects to Zadlog. The settlement lies on heavily karstified wooded land with many karst shafts and losing streams. The main elevations are Krog Hill (794 m), The Hill ("Na Griču", 760 m) Grapar Peak ("Graparjev vrh", 739 m), Pevc Hill (728 m), Big Peak ("Veliki vrh", 721 m), Juniper Hill ("Brinov grič", 738 m), Klobučar Hill (694 m), Skalovnik Hill (604 m). Karst caves include the Andrejček Shaft ("Andrejčkov brezen") in the hamlet of Koševnik, and the Habeček Shaft ("Habečkov brezen") south of this. The water in the shafts drains into Wild Lake and nearby karst springs in Podroteja. Intermittent springs include Pevc Spring ("Pevški studenec") and Cold Spring ("Mrzli studenec"). The most significant watercourse is Mlaka Creek, which disappears into the ground near the Habe farm and formerly powered mills.
Name.
The name "Idrijski Log" literally means 'Idrija meadow'. The name "Log" is shared with many other settlements in Slovenia and is derived from the Slovene word "log" 'a partially forested (marshy) meadow near water' or 'woods near a settlement'. It was known as "Loga d'Idria" in Italian.
Mass graves.
Idrijski Log is the site of two known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Ajhar Shaft Mass Grave () is located northwest of the village, about 600 m north of the Mohorič farm (Idrijski Log no. 23), along an abandoned road. It contains the remains of unknown victims murdered in late May 1945. The Andrejček Shaft Mass Grave () lies in a sinkhole alongside the road from Idrijski Log to Idrija, northeast of the settlement. It contains the remains of an unknown number of Slovene and Italian civilian prisoners that were brought from Trieste and Gorizia and murdered here in late May or on 13 June 1945.
Cultural heritage.
Several structures in Idrijski Log are registered as cultural heritage:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Idrijski Log include:

</doc>
<doc id="21405916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405916" title="Helge Simonnes">
Helge Simonnes

Helge Simonnes (born 21 December 1955) is a Norwegian editor.
He is the current editor-in-chief of "Vårt Land", and has been the chair of the Norwegian Press Association and the Norwegian Media Businesses' Association. A siv.øk. by education, he has also minored in political science and law.
He hails from Vanylven.

</doc>
<doc id="21405928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405928" title="Chih-Wei Huang">
Chih-Wei Huang

Chih-Wei Huang (黃志偉) is a free software developer and promoter who lives in Taiwan. He is famous for his works on the VoIP and internationalization and localization fields in Greater China. The user name he usually uses is cwhuang.
Profile.
Huang graduated from National Taiwan University(NTU) in 1993, with a bachelor's degree in physics, and a master's degree in the electrical engineering department of NTU in 2000.
He worked as a director in Top Technology Inc., the CTO of Citron Network Inc., and a project manager of Tecom Inc. Huang currently works as a senior researcher of Core Technology Center in ASUSTeK Computer Inc. He is one of the start members of Software Liberty Association of Taiwan (SLAT), and the first and second members of the SLAT Council.
Free software development.
Huang is the founder and coordinator of Chinese Linux Documentation Project (CLDP)
He is also the second coordinator of Chinese Linux Extensions (CLE).:He was a developer of CLE since v0.7, and became the coordinator of CLE v0.9. He pushed the Chinese localization for KDE, GNOME, Abiword. He co-worked with Yuan-Chung Cheng, Tung-Han Hsieh to push ARPHIC Inc. to release four Chinese truetype fonts for the free software community under Arphic Public License. He also wrote a book for CLE with others.
As Core Developer of GNU Gatekeeper (from 2001 to 2003), he developed new features like thread-safed runtime tables, neighbors and authentication modules, full H.323 proxy and the Citron's NAT technology. He wrote the first version of English and Chinese manual for GnuGK. He won the first prize of Open Source Contest Taiwan in 2003.
He serves as The committer of KDE、GNOME., and helps to translate the .po files and fixes bugs related to Chinese.He is the contributor of pyDict、OpenH323、Asterisk、GStreamer etc. He works on a way to leverage the ASUS Eee PC with the power of the free software community., and aims to provide a complete solution for Android at x86 platform. Eee PC、VirtualBox、QEMU are tested OK.
Interviews.
Here are some Chinese interviews of Chih-Wei Huang:

</doc>
<doc id="21405929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405929" title="Olly and Suzi">
Olly and Suzi

Olly and Suzi, Olly Williams and Suzi Winstanley, are two British artists who specialise in collaborative painting of wildlife.
Biography.
Olly and Suzi originally began working together after meeting as students at Saint Martin's School of Art in 1987, and graduated together with a joint degree. Their collaborative mode of working became established during a scholarship to Syracuse University in New York State during the period 1988 to 1989. 
Since 1993, they have taken part in more than 50 expeditions to remote regions of the Earth to paint predators and prey at close proximity in their natural habitats. In some works they solicit "assistance" from the subject in the form of pawprints or bite-marks. Their joint work has been exhibited internationally in galleries including the Simon Dickinson and Briggs Robinson galleries in New York, and the Natural History Museum in London. 
Personal life.
Winstanley currently lives with English musician Damon Albarn with whom she has a child.

</doc>
<doc id="21405934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405934" title="Jessica Hart (model)">
Jessica Hart (model)

Jessica Hart (born 26 March 1986) is an Australian model who appeared in the 2009 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. She was born in Sydney, Australia. She was discovered in Melbourne and has appeared on the cover of Australian "Vogue".
Early life and discovery.
Hart attended Sophia Mundi Steiner School in Collingwood, Victoria until she was noticed at the age of 15 at a local shopping centre. Another story of her rise to fame has her encouraged by an aunt to enter a modeling competition hosted by "Dolly Magazine" in 2000. She won the competition with her mother, Rae, and sister, Ashley, as witnesses at Crown Casino. She is known for a gap-tooth smile.
Career.
Hart moved to New York City to pursue a career in modeling and has modelled for Guess, Triumph and Esprit. Hart shot her Swimsuit Issue photos in Mexico in November 2008.
In 2008, she considered a role in an "Entourage"-like drama alongside Alyssa Sutherland. In May 2009, Australian media reported that Hart had signed on to appear in advertising for Victoria's Secret. With Heidi Klum, Karolina Kurkova and Adriana Lima all pregnant in the fall of 2009, Hart appeared extensively in the season's Victoria's Secret catalogs.
She is represented by Chadwick Models.
Hart was also in a few episodes of MTV's "The City" during its first season, in which she is shown dating Tamarama band member Nicolas Potts, her long-term boyfriend.
She has been on the covers for magazines such as "Vogue Australia", "Cover", "Karen Magazine", "Time Out Magazine", "Shape magazine Germany", "Elle" Denmark, "Elle" Spain, and "Elle" Italia. She has appeared in editorials for "Vogue Australia", "Cover", "Karen Magazine", "Fashion Quarterly", "Elle" Denmark, "Harper's Bazaar" Australia, "Harpers Bazaar" Italia, "Elle" Italia, "Cleo Magazine" Australia, "Vogue" Mexico, "Cosmopolitan Magazine", "Madison Magazine", "A Magazine", "City Magazine", "Social Life Magazine", "Melbourne Magazine", "US Glamour", 'Elle" Spain, "Elle" Italia, Elle" US, "Elle" Argentina, "Fashion Quarterly", "T Magazine", "Time Out Magazine", "Foam Magazine", "Doingbird Magazine", "Love Magazine", "Shape magazine" Germany, and "Interview Magazine".
Her advertisements include Scotch And Soda, H&M, Seafolly, Victoria's Secret, Gap, Target, Myer, Harris Scarfe, Gestuz, Guess, John Frieda, L'Oréal, Moschino, Cool Change, Pencey Standard, Portmans, Cue, Wayne by Wayne Cooper, Luca and Marc, Zimmermann, Shopbop, Newport News, Bettina Liano, Grass Clothing, Century 21, La Redoute, Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, Esprit, Karen Millen and Venus Swimwear.
In 2010, Hart walked in the Spring/Summer 2011 shows for Gottex Swimwear, PPQ, Louise Gray, Emilio de la Moreno, Osman, Sass & Bide, Julien MacDonald, Matthew Williamson, Antonio Berardi, Christopher Kane, David Koma, Giles Deacon, Charlie Le Mindu and Jon. In 2012 she became the face of the new Scotch And Soda line Été Blanc for Maison Scotch.
In early 2012, Jessica had a couple of minor accidents - breaking her ankle and then in a separate incident, cutting her foot on glass at a wedding, which led to nerve damage in her foot. This led to Jessica being out of action from the catwalk for a few months.
Hart walked the runway in the annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2012 and 2013.
Personal life.
Hart and her then-boyfriend, Tamarama band member and fellow Australian Nicolas Potts, purchased a $1-million one-bedroom property in Manhattan's Battery Park during the summer of 2008. Hart also purchased her mother, Rae, a Holden car for her birthday. Hart and Potts mutually ended their long-term relationship in 2010. Hart is currently dating Greek shipping heir Stavros Niarchos III.
She is close friends with Gemma Ward and Nicole Trunfio.

</doc>
<doc id="21405954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405954" title="Magne Lerø">
Magne Lerø

Magne Lerø (born 7 April 1954) is a Norwegian editor.
He is the managing director of the company Mentor Medier, and thereby editor-in-chief of publications such as "Økonomisk Rapport", "Ny Tid" and "Ukeavisen Ledelse". A cand.theol. by education, he also has a Master of Management degree from the Norwegian School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="21405977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405977" title="Réginald Bernut">
Réginald Bernut

Reginald Bernut is a local politician in New Caledonia, born on 18 January 1937 in Sydney, Australia.
Biography.
Bernut is the son of farmers from La Foa, and through his mother, the nephew of writer Jean Mariotti. Salesman by profession, he started his career in politics as a member of the anti-independence party "Rally for New Caledonia in the Republic" RPCR, in the town of Le Mont-Dore. There he was Deputy to Mayor Pierre Frogier then 1st Deputy from 1987 to 2001 and then, when the Mayor became President of the Government of New Caledonia and therefore had to give up his role as the Mayor of the town, Bernut succeeded him. He faced, for almost two years from 2001 to 2003, clashes between the Melanesians and Wallisians at Saint-Louis.
On 22 October 2003, he announced at a city council meeting his decision to resign from his post as Mayor, following a meeting at the end of July in which 8 out of 10 of his deputies had accused him "of wanting sole management and leadership of the RPCR". He remained however on the municipal council until 2008, when he became closer to Harold Martin, who had been in conflict with the leadership of RPCR since 2001. When he became closer to other dissidents from this political movement they formed an electoral alliance which became the Future Together party for the 2004 provincial elections of New Caledonia, Bernut joined them and was elected on 9 May 2004 as councillor for the Southern Province and a member of the Congress under the auspices of this new political party. He became Chairman of the Committee on Rural Development for the Province. For the Municipal elections in 2008, he was not nominated by his party in Mont-Dore; who supported instead Vergès Xavier, former head of organisation and integration in the town who then proposed to form a joint single party: Future Together. The militants ultimately preferred Jean-Yves Maléjac, outgoing councilman and dissident from the RPCR since the end of 2004. He then on the contrary proposed a party of "community agreement" uniting personalities from different political backgrounds.
It was at first announced that Reginald Bernut would be at 5th position of the party list, howefveer finally he preferred to be in 35th and last position. He was therefore not re-elected city councilor in 2008, the outgoing Mayor and head of the RPCR Éric Gay was re-elected in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="21405992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405992" title="Straits Times Online Mobile Print">
Straits Times Online Mobile Print

Straits Times Online Mobile Print (also abbreviated as STOMP or S.T.O.M.P) is a Singapore-based web aggregator and online journalism web portal managed by the Singapore Press Holdings. Singapore Press Holdings describes it as "Asia's leading citizen-journalism website".
Controversy.
STOMP contributors, otherwise known as STOMPERs, have been widely criticised for submitting xenophobic, racist and sexist content onto the portal. There are also instances of fabricated submissions targeting National Servicemen and commuters on public transport.
In 2012, STOMP staff, 23 year old Samantha Francis, was sacked after submitting a photo of an MRT train moving 
with the train doors wide open. It was later revealed that she had taken the photo off Twitter. The editor-in-chief, Mr Patrick Daniel, issued an apology to SMRT.
On 24 March 2014, a STOMPer submitted a photograph of an NS Man not giving up his seat to an elderly woman on the train. This photo was later found to be doctored- in reality, there was an empty seat next to the man which was cropped out of the photo.
In April 2014, an online petition to close down the portal went viral. The petition garnered close to 23000 signatures as of 15 April 2014. Robin Li, owner of the petition, stated: "STOMP has failed to rectify and set simple sensible guidelines before any irresponsible netizen contributes a fabricated story without getting the right facts."

</doc>
<doc id="21405998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21405998" title="2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 5000 metres">
2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 5000 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 5000 metres event at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris, France. There were a total number of 29 participating athletes, with two qualifying heats and the final held on Sunday 31 August 2003 at 18:40h.
Heats.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406015" title="Titanium Beta C">
Titanium Beta C

Titanium Beta C refers to Ti Beta-C, a trademark for an alloy of titanium originally filed by RTI International. It is a metastable "beta alloy" which was originally developed in the 1960s; Ti-3Al-8V-6Cr-4Mo-4Zr, nominally 3% aluminum, 8% vanadium, 6% chromium 4% molybdenum, 4% zirconium and balance: titanium.
Properties.
Beta C is relatively easy to melt and process during fabrication, when compared with other beta alloys. It is not recommended in high-wear applications due to its tendency to gall. Beta C has good corrosion resistance to both saline environments and acids, due to the properties of titanium and to its ability to spontaneously form a well adhered protective oxide layer when exposed to a high oxygen environment. Beta C is one of the least dense beta alloys, which combined with its ability to achieve high strengths through heat treatment provides a good strength to weight ratio. It is also capable of consistent high strength through relatively large section thicknesses.
Applications.
The properties of Beta C have led to its use in a number of niche applications, including parts of aircraft landing gear and in fasteners used in the automotive industry. Beta C is also used in oilfield applications such as pressure housings, shafts, valves and other critical components where very high strength and excellent corrosion resistance are required. It is especially useful in components which must meet NACE MR0175 for H2S exposure.
Composition.
Beta C is composed primarily of titanium, with relatively large (3-8.5% each) additions of molybdenum, aluminium, zirconium, chromium and vanadium, and smaller amounts (0.3 - 0.005% each) of iron, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, yttrium, carbon, and other elements.
Designations.
Other designations for Beta C include:
Common Alloy Name: Ti Beta-C
Nominal Composition: Ti-3Al-8V-6Cr-4Zr-4Mo
Type: Near-Beta and Beta Alloy
Alloy Description: A heat-treatable, deep section hardenable, very high strength Ti alloy possessing good toughness/strength properties, low elastic modulus and elevated resistance to stress and localized corrosion in high temperature sweet and sour brines.
Approved for use in sour ( H2S ) applications. Material is approved to be certified to meet NACE MR0175 and ISO 15156 with a maxmimum hardness of HRC 42.
Fabricated Products Available: Forged and Machined components - various
Mill Product Forms Available: Ingot, Bloom, Bar, Billet, Seamless Pipe, Wire
Typical Applications: Geothermal brine energy extraction, Landing gear components, Navy ship components, Hydrocarbon production/drilling, Power plant cooling system components

</doc>
<doc id="21406018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406018" title="Idršek">
Idršek

Idršek is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21406019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406019" title="2009 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race">
2009 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race

The women's road race of the 2009 UCI Road World Championships cycling event took place on 26 September in Mendrisio, Switzerland. The race was won by Italy's Tatiana Guderzo, followed by Marianne Vos (Netherland) and Noemi Cantele (Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="21406027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406027" title="Doom Bar">
Doom Bar

The Doom Bar (previously known as Dunbar sands, Dune-bar, and similar names) is a sandbar at the mouth of the estuary of the River Camel, where it meets the Celtic Sea on the north coast of Cornwall, England. Like two other permanent sandbanks further up the estuary, the Doom Bar is composed mainly of marine sand that is continually being carried up from the seabed. More than 60 percent of the sand is derived from marine shells, making it an important source of agricultural lime, which has been collected for hundreds of years; an estimated 10 million tons of sand or more has been removed from the estuary since the early 19th century, mainly by dredging.
The estuary mouth, exposed to the Atlantic Ocean, is a highly dynamic environment, and the sands have been prone to dramatic shifts during storms. According to tradition, the Doom Bar formed in the reign of Henry VIII, damaging the prosperity of the port of Padstow a mile up the estuary.
Until the 20th century, access to Padstow's harbour was via a narrow channel between the Doom Bar and the cliffs at Stepper Point, a difficult passage for sailing ships to navigate especially in north-westerly gales when the cliffs would cut off the wind. Many ships were wrecked on the Doom Bar, despite the installation of mooring rings and capstans on the cliffs and quarrying away part of Stepper Point to improve the wind. In the early 20th century the main channel moved away from the cliffs, and continued dredging has made it much safer for boats, but deaths have occurred on the bar as recently as 1997.
A Cornish folklore legend relates that a mermaid created the bar as a dying curse on the harbour after she was shot by a local man. The Doom Bar has been used in poetry to symbolise feelings of melancholy, and it has given its name to the flagship ale from Sharp's Brewery.
Description.
The Doom Bar is a sandbar at the mouth of the Camel estuary on the north coast of Cornwall. The bar is composed mostly of coarse sediment carried up from the seabed by bed load processes, and it has been shown that there is a net inflow of sediment into the estuary. This inflow is aided by wave and tidal processes, but the exact patterns of sediment transport within the estuary are complex and are not fully understood. There is only a very small sediment contribution from the River Camel itself: most of the river's sediment is deposited much higher up the estuary.
There are three persistent sandbars in the Camel estuary: the Doom Bar; the Town Bar at Padstow, about upstream; and the Halwyn Bank just upstream of Padstow, where the estuary changes direction. All three are of similar composition; a large proportion of their sediment is derived from marine mollusc shells, and as a consequence it includes a high level of calcium carbonate, measured in 1982 at 62 per cent. The high calcium carbonate content of the sand has meant that it has been used for hundreds of years to improve agricultural soil by liming. This use is known to date back to before 1600. High calcium carbonate levels combined with natural sea salt made the sand valuable to farmers as an alkaline fertiliser when mixed with manure.
In a report published in 1839, Henry De la Beche estimated that the sand from the Doom Bar accounted for between a fifth and a quarter of the sand used for agriculture in Devon and Cornwall. He also stated that around 80 men were permanently employed to dredge the area from several barges, removing an estimated of sand per year, which he said he had been "assured by competent persons" had caused a reduction in height of the bar of between in the 50 years before 1836. Another report, published about twenty years earlier by Samuel Drew, stated, however, that although the sandbars had been "pillaged" for ages they remained undiminished. An estimated ten million tons of sediment was removed from the estuary between 1836 and 1989, mostly for agricultural purposes and mostly from the Doom Bar. Sand is still regularly dredged from the area; in 2009 an estimated 120,000 tons of sand were removed from the bar and the surrounding estuary.
There is a submerged forest beneath the eastern part of the Doom Bar, off Daymer Bay. It is believed to be part of the wooded plain that existed off the current Cornwall coast before it was overcome by sand dunes and beach sand during the last significant rise in sea-level, which ended around 4,000 years ago. Exposed as they are to the Atlantic Ocean, the sands of the area have always been prone to sudden shifts: several houses were said to have been buried one night during a powerful storm. According to tradition one such shift led to the formation of the Doom Bar during the reign of Henry VIII (1509–1547), causing a decline in the prosperity of Padstow. Today, the sandbank covers approximately , linking the beaches near Harbour Cove by sand flats, although the actual size and shape varies.
The name "Doom Bar" is a corruption of the older name "Dunbar" which itself derives from "dune-bar". Although the bar was commonly known as "Dunbar sands" before 1900, the name "Doom Bar" was used in 1761 (as "the Doom-bar"), and it was also used in poetry, and in House of Commons papers in the 19th century.
Danger to shipping.
For centuries, the Doom Bar was regarded as a significant danger to ships—to be approached with caution to avoid running aground. When sails were the main source of power, ships coming round Stepper Point would lose the wind, causing loss of steerage, leaving them to drift away from the channel. Sometimes, gusts of wind known colloquially as "flaws" blew over Stepper Point and pushed vessels towards the sandbank. Dropping anchor would not help, as it could not gain a firm hold on the sand. Richard Hellyer, the Sub-Commissioner of Pilotage at Padstow, gave evidence in 1859 that the Doom Bar was regarded as so dangerous that in a storm, vessels would risk being wrecked on the coast rather than negotiate the channel to Padstow harbour.
In 1761 John Griffin published a letter in the "London Chronicle" recommending methods for entering the Camel estuary during rough weather, particularly while north-northwest winds were blowing and described the bolts and rings he had fixed to the cliffs to assist ships trying to enter the harbour. Mooring rings were still there in 1824, and around 1830, three capstans at the base of the cliffs and bollards along the cliffs, by which means boats could be warped safely past the bar were installed.
In 1846, the Plymouth and Padstow Railway company took an interest in trying to remove the Doom Bar, hoping to increase trade through the harbour at Padstow. The plan was to create a breakwater on the bar, which would stop the buildup of sand, and the railway would transport sand from the nearby dunes to where it was needed for agricultural purposes elsewhere in the south west.
In the event, neither the breakwater nor the railway were built, but the issue was re-examined by the 1858 British Parliamentary Select Committee on Harbours for Refuge. The select committee took evidence from many witnesses about harbours all around the country. For Padstow, evidence from a Captain Claxton, RN, stated that without the removal of the sand, ships in distress could only use the harbour at high tide. The committee was told by J. D. Bryant, a port commissioner and Receiver of Wreck for Padstow, that in 1848 Padstow Harbour Association had cut down a small piece of Stepper Point, which had given ships about 50 fathoms of extra "fair wind" into the harbour. Bryant recommended further removal of the point which would allow a true wind along the whole channel past the dangerous sandbar.
The select committee report concluded the bar would return through re-silting if it were dredged, and there were insufficient resources to prevent it. Several alternatives were discussed, including the construction of two guide walls to sluice water across the bar, thereby removing it. Evidence was given that the bar was made up of "hard sand" which would prove difficult to remove. During the discussions, it was indicated that whilst the sandbank could be removed by a variety of methods, it would not significantly improve access to the harbour, and that a harbour of refuge would be better on the Welsh coast.
The committee's final report determined that along the whole of the rocky coast between Land's End and Hartland Point, Padstow was the only potentially safe harbour for the coasting trade when the most dangerous north-westerly onshore gales were blowing. It noted that Padstow's safety was compromised by the Doom Bar and by the eddy-forming effect of Stepper Point. The report recommended initial expenditure of £20,000 to cut down the outer part of Stepper Point, which, in conjunction with the capstans, bollards and mooring rings, would significantly reduce the risk to shipping.
During the 20th century the Doom Bar was regularly dredged to improve access to Padstow. By the 1930s, when Commander H.E. Turner surveyed the estuary, there were two channels round the Doom Bar, and it is thought that the main channel may have moved to the east side in 1929. By 2010 the original channel had disappeared. The estuary is regularly dredged by Padstow Harbour Commission's dredgers, "Sandsnipe" and "Mannin".
Shipwrecks.
The Doom Bar has accounted for more than 600 beachings, capsizes and wrecks since records began early in the 19th century, the majority of which are wrecks.
Larger boats entering Padstow were offered assistance, generally by pilots who would wait at Stepper Point when a ship signalled it would be entering. If a boat was foundering, salvors would step in and help. There were cases where salvors attempted to overstate the danger in court, so as to extort more money from the owners. This happened to the brig "The Towan", which floundered in October 1843 but was not in significant danger. Although it did not need assistance, salvors interfered and attempted to claim a large amount in compensation from the owner.
In 1827, the recently founded Life-boat Institution helped fund a permanent lifeboat at Padstow, a rowboat with four oars. The lifeboat house at Hawker's Cove was erected two years later by the Padstow Harbour Association for the Preservation of Life and Property from Shipwreck. Reverend Charles Prideaux-Brune of Prideaux Place was the patron. In 1879, four of his granddaughters and their friend were rowing on the Doom Bar and saw a craft go down. They rowed out to save the drowning sailor. As it was very unusual for women to rescue men all five girls received a Royal National Lifeboat Institution Silver Medal for their bravery.
Despite the safer eastern channel and improvements in maritime technology, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution still deals with incidents at the Doom Bar. In February 1997, two fishermen who were not wearing lifejackets drowned after their boat capsized. Two anglers had been killed in a similar incident in 1994. On 25 June 2007, the Padstow lifeboat and a rescue helicopter rescued the crews of two yachts in separate incidents from the area.
HMS "Whiting".
The only warship reported wrecked on the Doom Bar was , a 12-gun schooner. The "Whiting" was originally a cargo ship named "Arrow", which travelled from the United States to France; she was captured by the Royal Navy on 8 May 1812 and renamed. On 15 September 1816, she ran aground on the Doom Bar as the tide was ebbing and the wind was from an unfavourable direction offering little assistance. According to court-martial transcripts, an attempt to move her was made at the next high tide, but she was taking on water and it was impossible to save her.
"Whiting" was abandoned over the next few days and the crew salvaged whatever they could. The officer in charge, Lieutenant John Jackson, lost one year's seniority for negligence, and three crewmen were given "50 lashes with nine tails" for desertion. The wreck was sold to salvors and, despite correspondence requesting salvage eleven years later, the navy took no further interest. The Royal Navy attempted to survey the wreck in June 1830, by which time the sandbank had covered most of it. In May 2010 a marine research and exploration group, ProMare, and the Nautical Archaeology Society, with the help of Padstow Primary School, mounted a search for the ship. The groups searched four sites on the Doom Bar, but have so far been unsuccessful.
"Antoinette".
The largest ship wrecked on the Doom Bar is believed to be the "Antoinette", an 1874 barque of 1,118 tonnes. On New Year's Day 1895, she set sail from Newport in South Wales with a cargo of coal for Brazil, but foundered near Lundy Island, losing parts of her mast. She was towed by a steam tug towards Padstow but struck the Doom Bar and the tow rope either broke, or had to be released. Her crew of fourteen and several men who had attempted to salvage her were rescued by lifeboats from Port Isaac and Padstow, following which she rapidly sank.
Attempts by three tugs from Cardiff to remove the wreck were unsuccessful, but the next spring tide carried the midsection up the estuary onto Town Bar, opposite Padstow, where it was a hazard to shipping. A miner named Pope was called in to remove it: he used gelignite without success, though the explosion was reported to have broken many windows in the town. In 2010 a wreck, identified as almost certainly the "Antoinette", surfaced on Town Bar. The Royal Navy Bomb Disposal Unit failed to demolish it and it was marked with a buoy; in March 2011 work started to demolish the remainder of it using saws.
In literature.
According to local folklore, the Doom Bar was created by the Mermaid of Padstow as a dying curse after being shot. In 1906, Enys Tregarthen wrote that a Padstow local, Tristram Bird, bought a new gun and wanted to shoot something worthy of it. He went hunting seals at Hawker's Cove but found a young woman sitting on a rock brushing her hair. Entranced by her beauty, he offered to marry her and when she refused he shot her in retaliation, only realising afterwards that she was a mermaid. As she died she cursed the harbour with a "bar of doom", from Hawker's Cove to Trebetherick Bay. A terrible gale blew up that night and when it finally subsided there was the sandbar, "covered with wrecks of ships and bodies of drowned men".
The ballad, "The Mermaid of Padstow", tells a similar story of a local named Tom Yeo, who shot the mermaid mistaking her for a seal. John Betjeman, who was well-acquainted with the area, wrote in 1969 that the mermaid met a local man and fell in love with him. When she could no longer bear living without him, she tried to lure him beneath the waves but he escaped by shooting her. In her rage she threw a handful of sand towards Padstow, around which the sandbank grew. In other versions of the tale, the mermaid sings from the rocks and a youth shoots at her with a crossbow, or a greedy man shoots her with a longbow. Mermaids were believed to sing to their victims so that they can lure adulterers to their death.
The mermaid legend extends beyond the creation of the Doom Bar. In 1939 Samuel Williamson declared there are mermaids comparable to Sirens who lie in the shallow waters and draw in ships to be wrecked. In addition, "the distressful cry of a woman bewailing her dead" is said to be heard after a storm where lives are lost on the sandbar.
Rosamund Watson's "Ballad of Pentyre Town" uses the sandbank for imagery to elicit feelings of melancholy when talking of giving up everything for love. A Victorian poem by Alice E. Gillington, "The Doom-Bar", relates the story of a girl who gave an engraved ring to the man she loved before he sailed away across the Doom Bar, breaking her heart. Four years later, when the tide was lower than usual, her friends persuaded her to walk out on the sand where she found the ring inside a scallop. Realising he must have tossed it aside on the night he left, she resolved not to remain heart-broken, but to sail out to sea herself.
A play, "The Doom Bar", about smuggling and wrecking was written in the early 1900s by Arthur Hansen Bush. Although there was no interest in London it was well received in America, and was scheduled to tour in Chicago and New York. A series of mishaps, blamed on the legendary wrecker Cruel Coppinger, culminating in a fire at Baltimore, caused the play to be considered cursed by America's actors' unions and its members were banned from appearing in it.
"Doom Bar" bitter.
"Doom Bar" is a bitter (4.0% abv) brewed by Sharp's Brewery at Rock, a village on the estuary opposite Padstow. It is the brewery's flagship beer, accounting for 90 per cent of sales and with an output of in 2010. In 2011, sales increased by 22 per cent, making it the UK's fastest growing ale for three years in a row. As of June 2013, Doom Bar bitter became the number one UK cask ale, by volume and value.

</doc>
<doc id="21406075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406075" title="Teichibe">
Teichibe

Teichibe is a village and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Karakoro in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406077" title="Kathantara">
Kathantara

Kathantara (, English "Another Story") is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Himansu Khatua, a story of tribulations of 1999 Orissa cyclone. Much before the Tsunami became a household name all over the world, the coastal belts of Orissa were hit by what has come to be known as the "Super Cyclone" that killed more than 10,000 people and rendered still more homeless. But public memory is short lived and it is a commendable effort on the part of the director Himansu Khatua to rake up the issue in his second feature film, perhaps the only Indian film that recalls those fateful days that changed the lives of so many people within a span of just a few days and its aftermath.
Synopsis.
"Kathantara", a feature film in Oriya language, is an attempt to throw light on the trials and tribulations of 1999 Orissa cyclone survivors with particular emphasis on Kalpana (Anu Chowdhury), a young widow. Kalpana’s destiny is followed from different perspective and a tale of human predicament is built around her. The films narrative unfolds with the anniversary function of 1999 Super Cyclone that devastated coastal Orissa. This was one of the severest cyclones of the last century. It had caused absolute havoc, leaving thousands dead and many more thousands homeless and destitute. The worst affected was the Bengali Hindu refugee settlement. Aids and relief came pouring in. So also came NGOs, media persons, politicians, and vested-interest groups. With so much external influence the local value system got affected, corruption and amoral practices became rampant. Dipankar, a TV Journalist from Bangladesh, is engaged in documenting the cyclone anniversary and the status of the post-cyclone survivors. With the help of an NGO group he covers the programme, and hears a great deal about Kalpana — the much publicised cyclone widow. Dipankar takes a keen interest on her and wants to do a special feature.
The genesis of Kalpana’s ordeal is rooted in history. Like others in that locality her father a forced migrant from East Bengal during the partition of India, struggled all his life to establish his identity, even though he was a citizen of his adopted homeland. Kalpana born and brought up in coastal Orissa, was leading a harmonious life with her fisherman husband. As they were dreaming to add more colours into their life, the infamous super cyclone of October 1999 strikes. It leaves all her family member dead. Kalpana miraculously survives. And, with the support of her childhood friend Akshaya, she limps back to a life now full of emptiness. The links with her past being snapped off, Kalpana feels alienated in her own native place. A sense of dispossession engulfs her. Kalpana tired with her own struggle and very much bitter at the meaningless publicity made out of her, firmly refuses Dipankar for an interview. Disappointed, he returns to his own country without the story he wanted to do on Kalpana. Kalpana lives an isolated life with an uncertain future. She does small job with the support of local NGO and fights to safeguard her dignity from the lusts of society. Kalpana’s life is limited to ceaseless follow up with the government officials for the death compensation package.
Dipankara makes a repeat visit without his camera unit and he just wants to meet Kalpana. He is fascinated with her innocence, beauty and determination. He shares with her lot of things about himself, about his people and the life out there in Dhaka. He also learns about Kalpana and wants to put an end to her suffering. It becomes difficult on Kalpana’s part to reconcile in settling down with a person she hardly knows. Yet again, she is fed up with this place with bleak prospect. The frustration of the never ending follow-up for compensation money, the anguish of being treated as women of loose virtue by village youths, and the illicit advances by Rupa’s husband makes Kalpana insecured. Rupa, also believes how difficult it is for a single woman, especially a young and good looking widow to cope up with her present situation. She insists upon Kalpana to settle down with Dipankar in Bangladesh — the land of her forefathers.
A brief stay in Kolkata prior to crossing the border becomes a revealing moment in Kalpana’s life. She realises she will be a misfit in the far off urban setting of Dhaka and would suffer further alienation. The memories of her homeland, of her childhood, of all that she had and all that she lost will haunt her for the rest of her life. She longs to return to her village. She also reconciles to the fact that Dipankar, in spite of all his concern and support, is just another ambitious journalist whose priority is his career. He sees everything from the point of view of news and story. Right now she is a hot subject for Dipankar, he can get lot of publicity if he marries her.
Ironically, the scene in her village is different-now. The improper eviction process for the immigrants from Bangladesh is in full swing. People are being served deportation notices to leave the country within thirty days. There is a large scale resentment, unrest and protest-rally by the affected people to assert their rights and belongingness to the adopted homeland. Kalpana unaware of the happenings returns to her home and to her own people. Despite all the adversities, stigma and grim prospect she could breathe freely in the land which forever belongs to her. But, as soon as she lands up in her village she is also served with the deportation notice. Kalpana now determined to stay back, takes a surprise bold step to reclaim her rights to live in the land of her birth. When she comes back to the village Kalpana realizes, quite conveniently, that Akshaya, the simple village guy who had saved her is the actual love of her life and implores him to ‘save’ her by marrying her. This is a major letdown in her characterization and is quite a regressive moment; as a result it fails to alleviate her in the eyes of the viewers at the end.
Awards.
"Kathantara" went on to win several awards at the 2006 Orissa State Film Awards, including the Best feature film of the year prize, and at the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Oriya
Critical reception.
Thus, "Kathantara" is brilliantly shot and passionately directed. The real star of a film is it’s content, the script. "Kathantara" is a perfect example of that, and also a perfect example of team work. In today’s context, when we are familiar watching fast-paced films with sleek camera work and stylized editing, the film not only fulfills the above measures, but its narrative is also pretty superb. Debaprasad Dash as a TV journalist from Bangladesh, Chaudhary Bikash Dash as an abusive husband, Rasesh Mohanty as the silent lover and Hadu, in a very small role of a street-smart villager excel in their respective roles. Mihir Swain, Chaudhary Jay Prakash Dash, Mamuni Mishra did justice with their characters. But the surprise packet is Bhaswati Basu as Rupa. She’s simply superb. Masterly editing by Ravi Shankar Pattnaik and breathtaking cimematography by Sameer Mahajan makes Kathantara a must watch film. The film is rich in background score. Audiography by Manas Choudhry and Gitimugdha Sahani is pretty good and art direction by Amiya Maharana is realistic. Overall Kathantara, the first venture of Kadambinee Media, is a brilliant film.
"Kathantara seemingly" looks like a very simple film but it does pack in a lot of issues and is multi-layered and rich in subtexts. One just wished that its treatment also reflected the same richness, but unfortunately it does not. The camera work of Sameer Mahajan does manage to capture the landscape of Orissa in all its expansive beauty. One is particularly impressed by a sequence where in one long take the character of Rupa enters her house from outside at dusk; the camera which is placed at the door, pans left along with her as she enters her room, interacts with her husband who is lying on a bed in long shot, and he gets up and walks out of the house while the camera holds on to her in the foreground. The outdoor and indoor matching of lights in the sequence is quite an impressive stroke and the mise-en-scene is quite noteworthy. But otherwise, overall, the mise-en-scenes are too simplistic and the scenes too informative. Specially the scenes inside the Kolkata hotel room; they are too rudimentary and bland, shot mostly in top angle mid-long shots. In fact the entire film has a propensity for long takes and long and mid-long shots and is peculiarly averse to close-ups. The ride from Howrah station to the hotel in a taxi (which does not have a meter!) fails to capture the essence of the big city; it is left to the lead characters to speak about its enormity and monotony instead. At places the film is too loaded with dialogues, which are solely meant to convey information, quite often superfluous; and what makes matters worse is that they are stilted, specially the Bengali lines spoken by Dipankar. Also, the actor playing Dipankar tries hard to deliver but falls far short of expectation. With his full-sleeved dull coloured shirts tucked inside dark pleated pants, he looks like a stuffed bureaucrat and lacks the flamboyance or mannerisms of a television journalist. In fact, he affects the entire look of the film. The only saving grace are the two actresses even if Anu Choudhury in the role of Kalpana looks too urbane and her starched cotton printed sarees do not help matters in lending her character the required rural look that was so necessary for the film. But her face has an elegance and sublime quality and her fine performance compensates for these shortcomings and one wishes there were at least some close-ups of her beautiful face.
Music.
Swarup Nayak has arranged the musical score and written the lyric for this film.

</doc>
<doc id="21406081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406081" title="The Woman Cop">
The Woman Cop

The Woman Cop () is a 1980 French film directed by Yves Boisset.

</doc>
<doc id="21406082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406082" title="Javornik, Idrija">
Javornik, Idrija

Javornik is a small dispersed settlement on the slopes of Javornik Hill south of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. Its remoteness and high elevation have resulted in people moving away from their farms, and there are no longer any permanent residents in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="21406083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406083" title="Ambidédi">
Ambidédi

Ambidédi is a small town and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Kéméné Tambo in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406093" title="Megantoni National Sanctuary">
Megantoni National Sanctuary

Megantoni National Sanctuary ("Santuario Nacional Megantoni") is a protected area in Peru situated in the Cusco Region, La Convención Province, Echarate District. It protects a part of the Peruvian Yungas ecoregion.

</doc>
<doc id="21406095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406095" title="Diala Banlieue">
Diala Banlieue

Diala Banlieue (also Dyalla) is a village and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Liberté Dembaya in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406102" title="Kakoulou">
Kakoulou

Kakoulou is a village and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Logo in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406105" title="Bill Clifton">
Bill Clifton

Bill Clifton (born William August Marburg on April 5, 1931) is an American bluegrass musician and singer who is credited with having organized one of the first bluegrass festivals in the United States in 1961.
Biography.
Bill Clifton was born William Marburg into a wealthy family in Riderwood, Maryland. From an early age, he listened to country music radio stations. While still in college, he formed the Dixie Mountain Boys together with his friends Paul Clayton and Dave Sadler. Because his family was opposed to his musical activities, he took the stage name "Bill Clifton". In 1949, he attended the University of Virginia to pursue his degree in business. In 1952, Clifton made his recording debut with the Dixie Mountain Boys. With the addition of banjo player Johnny Clark, the group signed with Blue Ridge Records in 1953 and began playing traditional bluegrass. They soon appeared on the "Wheeling Jamboree" radio barn dance show on AM station WWVA. Clifton published a songbook in 1955 called "150 Old Time Folk and Gospel Songs". In the mid-1950s, he enlisted in the Marine Corps and was discharged two years later. He recorded for Starday Records and Mercury Records, paying for the sessions himself. On July 4, 1961, Clifton organized one of the first bluegrass festivals at Oak Leaf Park in Luray, Virginia (an earlier one-day event had taken place at Watermelon Park near Berryville, Virginia on August 14, 1960). The festival featured many of the biggest acts of the day in bluegrass music including Bill Monroe, the Stanley Brothers, Jim & Jesse, Red Allen, Frank Wakefield & The Kentuckians, Mac Wiseman and the Country Gentlemen. In 1963, Clifton's family moved to England and he toured all over Europe playing in local folk clubs. In 1967, he joined the Peace Corps, serving three years in the Philippines. Meanwhile, he recorded with a local New Zealand band, The Hamilton County Bluegrass Band. In later years, he recorded both in Europe and in the United States. In the 1970s, he signed with County Records and formed the First Generation band, consisting of Clifton on guitar, Red Rector on mandolin and Don Stover on banjo. Clifton and his family returned to the United States in 1978 and settled down in Virginia. In 1980, he began recording for his own label Elf Records. In 2008 he was inducted into the International Bluegrass Music Association's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21406108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406108" title="Zirconocene dichloride">
Zirconocene dichloride

Zirconocene dichloride is an organozirconium compound composed of a zirconium central atom, with two cyclopentadienyl and two chloro ligands. It is a colourless diamagnetic solid that is somewhat stable in air.
Preparation and structure.
Zirconocene dichloride may be prepared from zirconium(IV) chloride-THF complex and sodium cyclopentadienide:
The closely related compound Cp2ZrBr2 was first described by Birmingham and Wilkinson.
The compound is a bent metallocene: the Cp rings are not parallel, the average Cp(centroid)-M-Cp angle being 128°. The Cl-Zr-Cl angle of 97.1° is wider than in niobocene dichloride (85.6°) and molybdocene dichloride (82°). This trend helped to establish the orientation of the HOMO in this class of complex.
Reactions.
Schwartz's reagent.
Zirconocene dichloride reacts with lithium aluminium hydride to give Cp2ZrHCl Schwartz's reagent:
Since lithium aluminium hydride is a strong reductant, some over-reduction occurs to give the dihydrido complex, Cp2ZrH2; treatment of the product mixture with methylene chloride converts it to Schwartz's reagent.
Negishi reagent.
Zirconocene dichloride can also be used to prepare the Negishi reagent, Cp2Zr(η2-butene) which is used as a source for Cp2Zr in oxidative cyclisation reactions. This reagent is prepared by treating zirconacene dichloride with n-BuLi leading to replacement of the two chloride ligands with butyl. The dibutyl compound subsequently undergoes beta-hydride elimination to give one η2-butene ligand, eliminating the other butyl ligand as butane.

</doc>
<doc id="21406111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406111" title="Caja Laboral">
Caja Laboral

Caja Laboral Popular Cooperativa de Crédito or Caja Laboral is a Spanish credit union established in 1959 as part of the Mondragon Corporation and headquartered in Mondragón, in the Basque Country of Spain. The major financial provider behind the Basque cooperative movement, Caja Laboral covers the financial segment of Mondragon and provides banking and financial services to its customers through a network of over 370 branch offices in the Basque Country and beyond. With over 1800 employees - who are actually the partners-owners of the bank following the cooperative philosophy of shared ownership and stewardship - Caja Laboral generates annual revenue in excess of €330 million.
Together with its sister social assurance company Lagun Aro, Caja Laboral spearheads the Financial Group of the Mondragon Corporation, which according to company sources 'operates autonomously within the framework of a sole joint strategy'. It was the first Spanish financial institution to open its branches in the late afternoons/early evenings.
Caja Laboral was mostly unaffected by the 2008 financial crisis, though they did have €162 million in bonds from Lehman Brothers. Effective with the 2009–10 basketball season, Caja Laboral became the new sponsors of Liga ACB and Euroleague club Saski Baskonia.

</doc>
<doc id="21406118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406118" title="Lany Tounka">
Lany Tounka

Lany Tounka (or Lani Tounka) is a small town and main settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Sony in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The town lies on the south bank of the Senegal River 73 km northwest of Kayes.

</doc>
<doc id="21406129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406129" title="Edmond Richard">
Edmond Richard

Edmond Richard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21406135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406135" title="Akiba Girls">
Akiba Girls

Plot.
Shindou Nikita has a secret that he has been hiding for a long time—he loves hentai and h-games. He enters "The Alternative Trivia Research Club" where the first of his many sexual encounters takes place. Despite that, he finds out that both of his foster sisters are in love with him, and he has to make a choice—who does he really love. Nikita Shindou loves the world of animation more than anything; he puts his life into it. He has never fallen for a real, living girl, until the day he meets Ren Aoi. 
We're introduced to young man Nikita Shindou as he's making his way through Akihabara, which is his main haunt and the place where he gets all his bishōjo games, which he plays in his room all alone in the dark. Keeping them a secret from his sister who just moved in a few months ago after their parents had died, Nikita loves playing up the characters having sex with each other and manipulating them as he can. To his surprise on his way home though, he comes across a park he hadn't remembered before and sees a beautiful woman there, one that reminds him strikingly of an older Sheeta from ""! Even more amazing is that she comes into his room in some sort of dream sequence not too much later and keeps calling him Pazu and the two fool around quite a bit only for it to end up as a dream.

</doc>
<doc id="21406139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406139" title="Bahria">
Bahria

Bahria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21406152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406152" title="Espion, lève-toi">
Espion, lève-toi

Espion, lève-toi is a 1982 French film directed by Yves Boisset about a sleeper agent in Zurich, based on the thriller "Chance Awakening" (1977) by George Markstein.

</doc>
<doc id="21406155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406155" title="Supercar Challenge">
Supercar Challenge

Supercar Challenge is a simulation racing video game released for the PlayStation 3 in September 2009, developed by Eutechnyx and published by System 3, the same company that produced 2008's "Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli". The game includes more than 40 cars including Ferraris and the Bugatti Veyron and Aston Martin DBR9 and 22 tracks including the Nürburgring (Grand Prix section) and the Silverstone Circuit. In the North American version was released under the title Absolute Supercars as a downloadable game on the PlayStation Network.
Gameplay.
System 3 intended "Supercar Challenge" to be accessible to less experienced players, with a gradual learning curve. The AI also has been tweaked, due to criticisms of the AI in "Ferrari Challenge".
Features.
Playseats, the Netherlands-based driving seat solution company and System 3 have teamed up for a racing partnership in efforts to support the "Supercar Challenge". They'll share input on creating the ultimate racing seat branded with the "Supercar Challenge" logo and will host cross-promotion activities.[http://playseats.biz/supercar-challenge-playseats/ Playseats
In early January 2009 Eutechnyx announced a competition which allowed the community with access to "Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli" the chance to use its livery editing feature to design a livery that if said design was chosen it will be included in "Supercar Challenge". Ten spots were open for the winning designs, due to some outstanding designs submitted by a few, some designs were commissioned from those few outside of the competition. In light of this development, "Supercar Challenge" will feature the ten competition winning designs along with the specially commissioned ones which could see the total user created livery designs making their way into SuperCar Challenge over 20.
Cars.
Ferraris feature heavily while Aston Martin, Bugatti, Chevrolet, Koenigsegg, Maserati, Mercedes-Benz McLaren, and Pagani are also represented.
The game starts with three cars available to drive offline: Aston Martin DBR9, Ferrari Enzo and Pagani Zonda. The Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren Stirling Moss and Ferrari 599XX were also immediately available using a code that was supplied to people who pre-ordered from Game. Without the code they can be purchased with in-game credits.
Tracks.
"Supercar Challenge" added alternative layouts for Infineon Raceway, Mugello Circuit and Silverstone Circuit to "Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli"'s list of real world circuits, along with oval only (no infield) versions of the two Oval tracks - California and Homestead - and a Misano reverse track. "Ferarri Challenge" DLC tracks Nurburgring and fictional track Riviera, located in France, were also added, Riviera is clearly inspired by Circuit de Monaco featuring a visually similar tunnel and corners very similar to Mirabeau and Grand Hotel Hairpin.

</doc>
<doc id="21406157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406157" title="Mount Vernon Place United Methodist Church and Asbury House">
Mount Vernon Place United Methodist Church and Asbury House

Mount Vernon Place United Methodist Church and Asbury House is a historic United Methodist church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Norman-Gothic style church that was completed in 1872. It was designed by Thomas Dixon, a Baltimore architect and is built of blocks of a unique metabasalt, a green-toned Maryland fieldstone, with brownstone ornamentation. It features three spires.
Mount Vernon Place United Methodist Church and Asbury House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Mount Vernon Place United Methodist Church should not be confused with another church of the same name in Washington, DC, which served as the national representative congregation for the Methodist Episcopal Church, South from 1850 to 1939.
Architects Niernsee & Neilson are indicated as having association with the site.

</doc>
<doc id="21406158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406158" title="Tristan Kingsley">
Tristan Kingsley

Tristan Kingsley (born January 24, 1986) is an American pornographic actress.
Early life.
Kingsley was born on January 24, 1986 in San Jose, California. Kingsley claims that she was always getting in trouble when she was growing up, but was a good student in high school and was always on the honor roll. In her senior year, she did secretarial work at a gym. Kingsley stopped working until she was out of school and then did retail jobs, where she worked at an ice cream parlour and a pet store. The last job Kingsley had before entering the adult film industry was an administrative assistant at a pet store.
Career.
Kingsley entered the adult film industry in 2007. She came up with her porn name, Tristan Kingsley, because she liked the name Tristan and her son's middle name is Kingsley. She has done photo shoots with "Hustler" magazine. Kingsley has also done features with Playboy TV, "Penthouse" magazine and Adam & Eve.
Super bowl incident.
During Super Bowl XLIII, in Tucson, Arizona and surrounding areas, the standard-definition feed of NBC affiliate KVOA on Comcast's local system cable service was interrupted by an unknown party, when 30 seconds from Playboy Enterprises-owned adult cable television channel Shorteez was broadcast to homes just after Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald scored his fourth-quarter touchdown to take the Cardinals to a 23-20 lead over the Pittsburgh Steelers. During the 30 seconds, a scene from the adult film "Wild Cherries 5" was airing, featuring Kingsley and Evan Stone. Afterwards, 10 seconds of an end credit segment from ClubJenna, another Playboy-owned channel, was shown. Comcast described the incident as an "isolated, malicious act," and offered a $10 credit for customers who claimed to have seen the incident. The Federal Communications Commission announced that it would investigate the cause of the incident.
Personal life.
Kingsley enjoys listening to country music, most notably Garth Brooks.

</doc>
<doc id="21406165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406165" title="Tevita Uluilakeba III">
Tevita Uluilakeba III

Ratu Tevita Uluilakeba III (October 4, 1898 - October 4, 1966) was the 6th Tui Nayau and 12th Sau Ni Vanua of the Lau Islands. He was also the father of the late Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, founding father of the modern nation of Fiji.
Ratu Te, as he was known, hailed from the chiefly village of Tubou on the island of Lakeba in Lau Province. He became the Tui Nayau upon the death of his father, Ratu Alifereti Finau Ulugalala. His mother was Adi Ateca Moceiwaqa, paternal granddaughter of Ratu Seru Cakobau, the King of Fiji.
Ratu Tevita's Offspring.
Ratu Te's children:

</doc>
<doc id="21406179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406179" title="Edmond Richard (cinematographer)">
Edmond Richard (cinematographer)

Edmond Richard (born 6 January 1927, Paris) is a French cinematographer.

</doc>
<doc id="21406180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406180" title="Hiroe Amano">
Hiroe Amano

Hiroe Amano is a retired female badminton player of Japan who won several international and national titles in the 1960s. She was among the most notable of a cadre of fine players who helped Japan to win the Uber Cup (women's world team) competitions in 1966 and in 1969. In 1978 she was the coach of the successful Japanese Uber Cup team.

</doc>
<doc id="21406185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406185" title="Sree Bhuvaneswari School">
Sree Bhuvaneswari School

Sree Bhuvaneswari Higher Secondary School, managed by the Kurattikadu Pattambalam Devaswam, was founded in 1974 with LKG classes and has now grown into a cluster of schools comprising the Sree Bhuvaneswari Sisu Vidyalayam-the nursery,Sree Bhuvaneswari English Medium High School,Sree Bhuvaneswari Higher Secondary School and Sree Bhuvaneswari CBSE School.It is an unaided higher secondary school recognized by the Government of Kerala with a total strength of more than 2000 students and more than 100 staff members.It is situated at Mannar.
The official website of the school
See also.
Kurattikadu Pattambalam Temple

</doc>
<doc id="21406192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406192" title="Bafarara">
Bafarara

Bafarara is a village and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Sahel in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21406197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406197" title="Memoirs of Modern Philosophers">
Memoirs of Modern Philosophers

Memoirs of Modern Philosophers is a novel by British author Elizabeth Hamilton published in 1800. Responding to the Revolution Controversy of the 1790s and the debates about what roles women should occupy in English society, the novel contends that a poor education limits women's opportunities while at the same time arguing they should limit their activities to the domestic sphere. It occupies a middle ground between the liberal arguments of novelists such as Mary Hays and the conservative arguments by writers such as Hannah More.
Historical context.
"Modern Philosophers" was part of the Revolution Controversy of the 1790s, when Britons were debating “revolutionary ideas about a broader franchise, primogeniture, meritocracy, marriage and divorce”. The disenfranchised middle-class and other English Jacobins (so-called by their detractors) wanted “to force a redistribution of power and status” while the Loyalists, who had power, wanted to retain the status quo. The key texts of this debate were Edmund Burke’s "Reflections on the Revolution in France" (1790), Thomas Paine’s "Rights of Man" (1791), Mary Wollstonecraft’s "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman" (1792), and William Godwin’s "Political Justice" (1793) and "The Enquirer" (1797). Hamilton assumes her readers know these works well; she makes many allusions and satirical references to them.
Women participated in this debate by writing poems, conduct books, novels, children’s literature, and plays that addressed women’s issues specifically, namely the need for a good education, legal status, and the ability to be economically independent. Thus, the reading material of women became a political topic. Novels such as "Modern Philosophers" played a large role in this debate, since they were widely read and easily available. Discussion about women’s rights took place in novels because the genre itself was perceived as feminine and it was the most accessible kind of literature to women. Women were supposedly more receptive to fiction than men because of the small purview of their lives. Loyalists such as Hannah More argued that this was because “there is a different bent of understanding in the sexes” while Jacobins such as Wollstonecraft argued that “there is no sex in the soul or mind” and women were only limited by their inadequate educations. Hamilton herself occupied a middle ground, arguing that women were capable of achieving more than they currently did but that their poor education held them back. Unlike the English Jacobins, however, she believed that women should only participate in the domestic sphere. Hamilton’s novel argues for moderate reform, reform based on middle-class morality and Christianity.
Themes.
Hamilton wrote that the aim of her work was “not to pass an indiscriminate censor on that ingenious, and in many parts admirable performance, but to expose the dangerous tendencies of those parts of [Godwin’s] theory which might, by a bad man, be converted into an engine of mischief, and be made the means of ensnaring innocence and virtue” She wanted to warn readers against the dangerous tendencies of the New Philosophy associated with Godwin, Wollstonecraft, and Paine, particularly its emphasis on individualism; she viewed it as self-indulgent and egotistical.
Hamilton uses three protagonists to comment on the debate surrounding women’s roles in society: Julia Delmond, Bridgetina Botherim, and Harriet Orwell. Julia falls prey to New Philosophical ideas because she has little education and is spoiled by her father; he fails to guide her reading. She ends up eloping with Vallaton, a “vagabond” pretending to be a philosopher; after she becomes pregnant, he abandons her and she falls into poverty. Her conversion to Christianity and repentance convince Bridgetina to ultimately reject the New Philosophy and to avoid Julia’s fate.
Bridgetina is a parody of the English Jacobin writer Mary Hays and the fictional account of her life in "Memoirs of Emma Courtney" (1796). As Grogan explains, “this work was viewed by the Loyalist camp with horror and disgust as it epitomized all the sexual promiscuity and female forwardness they feared resulted from adopting ‘revolutionary principles.’” Bridgetina adopts New Philosophical ideas and as a result insults her mother and openly declares her love to her beloved. She is a careless and uncomprehending reader, often simply parroting what she has read. Bridgetina is not a real reformer as the Christian characters in the novel are—she only uses her knowledge of the New Philosophy to impress others.
Harriet is juxtaposed to Julia. She has an aunt and a father who advise her; she reads carefully and skeptically and is a Christian. Harriet’s virtues are firmly based in religion: learning, self-control, and responsibility. Unlike Julia and Brigetina, Harriet restrains herself when it comes to love. While the other two protagonists selfishly follow their passions, Harriet refuses to ally herself with Henry Sydney while he is poor, since such a marriage would harm his career and make both unhappy. In the end, she is rewarded for this, as Mrs. Fielding leaves money to the couple to enable them to marry.
Hamilton’s comparison of the three protagonists encourages the reader to assess what is proper and improper behavior for a woman—this “reflects Hamilton’s belief that females should learn to think rather than just to obey”, which aligns her with English Jacobins such as Wollstonecraft rather than Loyalist writers. The important role that reading plays in the novel connects her more closely with the English Jacobins than with the Loyalists as well. While many Loyalists argued that women should not have access to a great deal of written material, Hamilton contended that since such control is impossible, teaching women to read carefully and thoughtfully is the best course.
"Modern Philosophers" is not just about women, however. The implicit comparisons between Mr. Gubbles, who abandons his job and family after subscribing to the New Philosophy, and Dr. Orwell and Henry Sydney who are "well-read, open-minded, compassionate and civil, but for whom moral conduct and religious faith are lode stars", suggests that Hamilton was more interested in particular virtues than in class or gender.
Style.
"Modern Philosophers" is written in the third person, which differentiates it from the first person narratives of English Jacobins such as Wollstonecraft's "" (1798) and Hays's "Emma Courtney". The omniscient narrator presents the story and commentary on it, reducing readers' ability to judge the meaning of the story for themselves.
Publication and reception.
Two editions of the novel were published in 1800 and a third in 1801—the first sold out in two months. Hamilton’s name was included on the title page only with the third edition. In an “Advertisement” appended to this edition, Hamilton explains, “the Author of the …Memoirs resolved to introduce the first edition under a signature evidently fictitious” because “even the sex, of a writer may unwittingly bias the reader’s mind.” A fourth edition was released in 1804.
The "Anti-Jacobin Review" described "Modern Philosophers" as “the first novel of the day” and as evidence “that all the female writers of the day are not corrupted by the voluptuous dogmas of Mary Godwin, or her more profligate imitators”.
Hamilton gained fame from "Modern Philosophers", but she only wrote one more novel, the popular "Cottagers of Glenburnie" (1808). She turned instead to writing religious and educational treatises, such as "Letters on Education" (1801). George III granted her a pension for this work in 1804.

</doc>
<doc id="21406216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406216" title="Goundara">
Goundara

Goundara is village and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Kontela in the Cercle of Bafoulabé in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21406217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406217" title="Matthew Davis (politician)">
Matthew Davis (politician)

Matthew Davis was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Athlone–Longford constituency at the 1937 general election. He lost his seat at the 1938 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21406230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406230" title="Tigana, Mali">
Tigana, Mali

Tigana is a small town and principal settlement of the commune of Sidibela in the Cercle of Bafoulabé in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. 

</doc>
<doc id="21406235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406235" title="Erwadi">
Erwadi

Ervadi or Erwadi is a village in Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu in southern India belonging to Kadaladi Taluk and Keelakarai Town panchayat. The village is the location of the grave and shrine of Qutbus Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Badusha, the then ruler of Madinah Al Munawwara. Erwadi also belongs to Kadaladi Assembly constituency which is a part of Ramanathapuram (Lok Sabha constituency). But after the delimitations in 2009, Erwadi has been joined to Ramanathapuram assembly constituency. Although a small town, Erwadi is the second largest contributor for the revenue of Ramanthapuram District.
Demographics.
Erwadi is a town located in the Kadaladi taluk of Ramanathapuram District in southern Tamil Nadu. It is located on the coast between Keelakarai and Valinokkam. The town is famous for the shrine of Hazrat Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed badusha radiyallah ta'ala anhu.
Ervadi gaining importance in Tamil Nadu.
Al Qutbul Hamid wal Gausul Majid Badhusha Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Radiyalla Ta'ala anhu is an 18th generation descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. He was the king of Madinah when he began his journey to India in the early 12th century to spread Islam according to Muhammad's wish. At the time he had millions of followers from all over the Islamic world. Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shahid first came to the Sindh province in Pakistan and spread Islam there through various means and returned to Madinah. Again in obligation to Hazrat Muhammad's command, Shaheed Badusha started from Madinah with his entire family, leaving the throne behind. He encountered many difficulties while travelling by sea and through the forests on his way to India, without proper food and shelter or potable water to drink, but finally entered Kannanur in Kerala. His ultimate aim was to spread Islam as per the order of his hereditary grandfather Hazrat Muhammad. He travelled via, Kayalpattinam, Vaippar, Madurai and finally entered Bouthiramanickapattinam, now called Ervadi. Considering the religious importance of the place, the Tamil national daily Dinamalar has published 360o travel view of the dargah.
The war.
Hazrat Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed, offered the Islamic teachings to the Pandiya ruler, Thiru Pandiyan, in Madurai but he refused to accept them and waged war against Shaheed. Finally the troops of Shaheed won and Sultan Iskandar (Sikandar) Badusha was throned in Madurai. Then the troops of Shaheed marched towards Bouthramanickapattinam. Shahidh Badusha offered Islam to King Vikkirama Pandiyan who vehemently refused and asked Shaheed to leave the kingdom. Shaheed refused to leave without converting them to Islam. Vikrama Pandiyan declared war. A very violent war which consisted of about 10 battles, each of around 3–4 days, was waged. All of the family members of Shaheed Badhusah were killed, including his only son Syed Abutahir, his brother Syed Ismail, his brother-in-law Zainul Aabideen and many of the martyrs and ministers of Shaheedh Badhusha including Amir Abbas of Rome, Abdul Qadir Mujahid, Muhaiyaddeen, Aboobakkar Abdul Hakkim, Abdullah, Shamsuddin of Makkah, Qamaruddin, Nooruddeen, Muhammadh Yusuf, Jafar Sadiq, Rome Syed Ahmad, Zulfaqar Ali @ Chanthana Peer of Turkey, Abdul Qadir Gilani, Abdul Qadir Samadaani, Pathan Sahib, Hamza basheer, Uvaisul Hasan Ridwanullahi Ta'ala alaihim ajmaeen and several thousand others.
Finally, king Vickrama Pandiyan was killed and Shaheed won the war and claimed the throne of Bouthiramanickapatttinam.
He ruled the province for twelve years and spread Islam all over south Tamil Nadu. Coins struck during the rule of Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed have been found by archeologists. He wished to be a martyr and told Muhammad about his wish before leaving Medinah, receiving a promise from the Prophet that his prayer would be answered.
The peace.
Twelve years later, King Tiru Pandiyan came from Madurai with a larger army and assassinated Shaheed Badusha in order to recapture the throne. Then again Badusha Syed Is'haq (Shaheed Badhusha's brother Syed Ismail Badusha's son) killed King Thiru Pandiyan and claimed the throne. The rivalry between the Arabs and Pandiyas came to an end when both signed a pact, according to which Arabs (descendants of Shaheed Badusha) would rule the Bouthiramanikka Pattinam (Ervadi) Province and the Pandiyans would rule the Ramanathapuram province. This continued to be implemented until the 17th century until the British East India Company started occupying India. Hazrat Syed Is'haq, Syed Ibrahim, Syed Baqir, Syed Qasim, Syed Tahir Ridwanullahi Ta'ala Alaihim Ajmaeen and other descendants of Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed have ruled the Bouthiramanikkapattinam province and Regunatha Sethupathy, Kilavan (Kizhavan) Sethupathy, Vijaya Regunatha Sethupathy, Muthu Regunatha Sethupathi, Muthuramalinga Sethupathy, Bhaskara Sedupathy, Kumaran Sethupathi and other descendants of Sethupathi have ruled the Ramanathapuram province.
Shuhadaas and Waliyatullahs in Erwadi.
The graves of Emperor Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Badusha along with his kith and kin is found in the main dargah campus. The holy graves of other important Shuhadaas and in laws of Badusha Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed are also found on the premises. A very big mosque which can accommodate 10,0000 pilgrims for every prayer-service is also found on the Main dargha campus. The single mammoth minaret which is around adds to the impressive appearance of Erwadi. It can be viewed from any of the shores of Ramanathapuram District and this acts as a virtual lighthouse to the fishermen in Ervadi and the adjacent villages.
Shuhadaas in the main dargah.
The main shrine (dargah) in Erwadi is the holiest place in Tamil Nadu because it is mixed with the soil of Madinah. Qutb Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed and most of his family members, close relatives and other shuhadaas' graves are found in the main dargah. The big hall of the Shrine of Hazrat Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shahid was constructed by Eiatibar Khan, during the time of the Nawab of Arcot. The main Dargah has three entrances. It is fully open except for the dargahs. Thousands of pilgrims come here to take the dust of this mixture of Madinah's soil which is said to cure all kinds of fatal diseases with the blessings of Shaheed Badusha.
Qutb Syed Abutahir Madani Shaheed.
Qutb Syed Aboothahir Madhani Shaheed Radiyallhu Ta'ala Anhu was the elder son of Qutb Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed and Seyyida Zainab @ Syed Ali Fathima Radiyallah ta'ala Anha. Qutb Syed Abutahir was born in Madinah al Munawwara while his father Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed was the emperor of Madinah. Syed Abuthahir Shaheed spent his childhood in Madinah for his education. Syed Abootahir Shaheed felt very ecstatic and proud to be brought up on the soil of Madinah, the home of Muhammad, their ancestral forefather. When Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed left the Empire of Madinah to spread Islam in the South Asian countries including India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, he took his family through stringent hardships. Qutb Syed Abootahir was around 16 years old during this journey. Qutb Syed Abootahir Madhani Shaheed spent his entire life in the quest to spread Islam. He participated in a violent war with the Pandiya kings of Bouthiramanickapattinam at the age of 18, as his forefathers Imam Ali Akbar and Imam Qasim ibn Hasan Raziyallah Ta'ala Anhumaa did in the battle of Karbala. Hazrath Qutb Syed Abutahir presided over a flank in the war without any hesitation. In the war many ministers of King Vikrama Pandiyan and finally the only prince of Pandiya Kingdom, Indra Pandiyan, was killed by Hazrat Syed Abootahir Shaheed, leading to a cessation of the war for a while. King Vikrama Pandiyan, after discussions with sages, recommenced the war, in which Qutb Syed Abutahir Raziyallah Ta'ala Anhu was martyred at the age of 18. As Allah says in the Quran, "Think not of those who are slain in Allah's way as dead. Nay, they live, finding their sustenance in the presence of their Lord; Al-Qur'aan 3:169". Hazrat Syed Abootahir Shaheed is alive, blessing thousands of pilgrims daily. As Khlaifa Haroon Rasheed Levvai a Huqdhar (Share Holder) says in his Tamil poetry, "Um vaasal munnaley mannum marundhu aagudhayya!!!", which means, "(Even) the soil (of Madinah) turns to medicine on your campus, lakhs of people who come to seek refuge from magical maladies and other incurable illness find their remedy from the soil of Erwadi Dargah."
Seyyida Fatimatul Barqa Amma.
Fathima Al Barqa, was born in Madinah and spent her life there. She was married to King Syed Ahamad Raziyallah Ta'ala Anhu the then emperor of Madinah. She was very much God fearing. King Syed Ahmad Raziyallah ta'ala Anhu and Syeida Fathima Barqa Raziyallah ta'ala Anha had two sons, Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed and Hazrat Syed Ismail Shaheed, as well as a daughter, Seyyida Rabi'aa Raziyallah ta'ala Anha. When Muhammad ordered her son Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Raziyallah to travel to India to spread Islam, Bibi Seyyida Fathimathul Barqa also showed keen interest in leaving the country for the sake of Islam. She also advised all her children, grand children and other Muslim women to start their journey for the sake of Islam. She was the head of the troops of Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shahid Badusha. Fatimatul Barqa Amma consoled and gave words of courage whenever her son Hazrat Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shahid Badusha felt discouraged. She encouraged the spreading of Islam and bringing people to Islam and taking part in Jihad for the sake of Islam. Her entire life was spent for the sake of Islam, leaving the throne of Madinah al Munawwara and travelling to India in spite of overwhelming difficulties.
Seyyida Rabi'aa Amma.
Seyyidha Rabiaa Radiyallah Tala Anha was the sister of Qutb Sulthan Syed Ibraheem Shaheed and the daughter of Hazrat Badhusha Syed Ahmad Radiyallah ta'ala Anhu who came along with Him all the way from Madinah. Raabiyaa Amma was pregnant when Her brother Sulthan Syed Ebraaheem began his journey to India, leaving the throne of Madinah. At the time, all the members of the family advised Rabiya Amma not to leave Madinah. But Hazrat flatly refused to stay in Madhina and started along with Her brother Shaheed and her new born infant. Rabiyaa Amma is also called Jacha Bibi Amma by Urdu speaking people. The dharga of Raabiyaa Amma is located at the extreme eastern end of Ervadi's main dhargha campus. People entering Dhurgha campus from the eastern entrance can find the Durgha of Rabiya Amma nearby. It is one of the oldest Dhurgas in Ervadi Shariff. Men are not allowed inside the dhargah and females are allowed to stay. People afflicted with mental and magical illness throng the dargah in large numbers and find themselves cured mostly within forty days and nights.
Seyyida Zainab Syed Ali Fathima Amma.
Seyyida Zainab Raziyallah ta'ala Anhaa was the wife of Qutb Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed, and the Holy mother of Qutb Syed Aboothaahir Madni Shaheed Radiyallah ta'ala Anhu. Shaheed Badhusha married Seyyida Zainab (Syed Ali Fathima) being from a very illustrious and God fearing family in Madinah. Right from childhood, Seyyida Zainab was very God fearing and she was ready to sacrifice anything for the sake of Allah. She gave birth to two children, Badhusha Syed Aboothahir and Hazrat Seyyidina Zainul Aabideen Radiyallah ta'ala Anhuma with the marriage of Badusha Naayagam. She brought up Her children with the same degree of love for Islam as their parents and forefathers had had. When Qutb Syed Ebraahim Shaheed started for India, the two children were just entering youth, but still their Taqwa, taught to them by their Holy mother, Seyyida Zainab @ Syed Ali Fatima, gave them sustenance. Zainab Syed Ali Fathima also insisted that their child recognize the importance of supporting their Holy father in spreading Islam. So, Zainab Syed Ali Fathima Amma's children also travelled with enthusiasm and reached India. In the war with the Pandiyas, Syed Aboothahir Shaheed was martyred, and when the Holy body of Qutb Aboothahir Madhni was brought before Seyyida Zainab, she was shocked to see more than 72 cuts from arrows on the face of her son who was just 17 years old, for no sake but for the sake of Allah. Since Her son lost his life in this world, and the atrocities which he faced were only for the sake of Allah, Zainab Raliyallah Taala Anhaa was very long-suffering, as her grandmother Zaynab bint Ali had been when seeing the atrocities of Karbala. This is the greatest Amal (good deed) of all, a seventeen year old son being killed by enemies before the eyes of a mother for no sake but Islam, this is the most devout deed toward Allah. But still, when the Pandiyas were defeated and Badhusha Nayagam Hazrat Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Raziyallah ta'ala Anhu captured the throne, Zainab Syed 'Ali Fathima Amma was enthroned as Empress. Having nothing more to live for in this world after the Shahadat of Qutb Abutahir, Zainab Syed A'li Fatima amma refused the throne, but still was made to do so, accepting it as the fate of Allah. Zainab Syed Alee Fathimaa Amma was the empress of Bouthiramanickapattinam province for more than twelve years. She attained wafat and was interred very close to the grave of her husband Hazrat Sulthaan Syed Ibraaheem Shahidh Rali. Zainab Syed 'Alee Faathimaa Ammaa's Dhurgha can be found second from the western entrance of Erwadi's main dargha. Thousands of pilgrims daily and lakhs during festival time visit the Holy grave of Zainab Syed A'lee Fathimah Radiyallah tala Anhaa in faith that all their wishes will come true with waseela. Unmarried girls, childless women and ladies with fatal illnesses who are brought to the Holy Grave of Zainab Syed Ali Fatimah Amma are found to have their wishes fulfilled in a very short time.
Hazrat Syed Zainul Aabideen Shaheed.
Hazrat Syed Zainul aabideen Shahid is the brother in law of Hazrat Qutb Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed, the emperor. Zainul Aabideen shaheed was a stubborn supporter of Hazrat Qutb Sultan Syed Ibraheem Shahid during his voyage and his war with pandiyas. He is the brother of Seyyida Zainab @ Syed Ali Fatima Raliyallah ta'ala anhaa and uncle of the Prince hazrat Qutb Syed Abutahir madani Shahid Radiyallah ta'la anhu. Bbadhusha Naayagam was very much comfortable during the war because of the presence of His brother in law Hazrat Zainul Aabideen Shaheedh who withstanding the oppose from the enemies used different war tactics and gave useful suggestions regarding the war plan that fortified Shaheed badusha after the passing away of his holy son Syed Aboothair Shaheedh. The relationship between Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheedh and Hazrat Zainul Aabidheen Shaheed was very much closely bonded. people who knew the history of Erwadi war will give the example of Shaheed badusha and Zainul Aabidheen shaheedh if two brothers in law are closely associated. Hazrat Zainul Aabidheen was also killed in the war finally and attained martyrdom which was the final desire of everyone who travelled with Badusha nayagam. He was funered very closely to Janaab Shaheedh, and his Holy grave is found to the right of the Holy Grave of Shaheedh Badusha Nayagam in Erwadi Dargha main campus.
Hazrat Syed Shamsuddin Makki Shaheed.
Hazrat Shamsuddin Shahid Raziyallah tala anhu was the Emperor of Makkah al-Mukarramah, the Holiest Place of Muslims where the Ka'abatullah shariff is located, during the time when Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shahid was ruling madinah and started towards India. Hazrat Shamsuddin shaheed was one among the few who renounced their empire and their throne for the sake of Islam. Hazrat Shamsuddeen Shahed Radiyallah Ta'ala anhu gave up the throne of Makkah to join Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed to travel to South Asia to spread Islam. During His regime, people were very much calm and quiet performing the rituals of Hajj and the Empire Shamsudhdheen Shaheedh was fully involved in the service of Allah's home. Though Hazrat Shamsuddeen was very much comfortable with the throne, his mind was fully surrounded by the thoughts of spreading Islam. So, when Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed wrote letter about His travel to India Hazrat Shamsuddeen shaheedh whole heartedly accepted the offer and joined the group of Shahid Badushah with large number of His troop.During the voyage Hazrat Shamsuddheen Shahid was fully along with Sahid badusha helping Him all the way.
After reaching India and during the course of war between the Arabs and Pandiyans Hazrat Shamsuddeen Shahid's role was very vital. Being a king, Hazrat Shamsuddeen Shaheed helped Badhushaah Nayagam a lot in strategising the course of the war. His suggestions worked many a time which finally gave victory to the Shaheed badhusha's troop. To be a true martyr as per his willingness, Allah blessed Hazrat Shamsuddin Shahid with Shahaadat. Hazrat Shamsuddeen shahid was also killed by the Pandiya's in war and was funered very closely to the right side of Basha nayagam. As per Hazarat Shamsuddeen's order through dream, His holy grave is kept open to sunlight and rain to fall on it. The Holy grave of hazrat Shamsuddin shaheed is found adjacent on the left side of the Northern end of the main dargha and close to the Dargha shariff of His neighbours Hazrat Syed Qamaruddin Shaheedh Raliyallahu Taala anhu and Syed Nooruddin Shahidh Raliyallahutaalaanhu who also came along with Shaamsuddeen Shaheed and Baasha Naayagam Radiyallah tala anhum and attained martyrdom in the war with pandiyas.
Mujavir Muhammad Ibrahim - Nalla Ibrahim Waliyullah.
Mujavir Muhammadh Ibrahim Waliyullah who is very well known as Mujavir Nalla Ibrahim waliyullah is the 12th hereditary grandson of Badusha Sulthan syed ibrahim Shaheedh. He is the son of Seyyidina Mursal Ibrahim Shaheed whose grave is found in Thachu oorani in the East Coast Road between Keelakarai and ervadi. Descendants of Badusha Shaheedh nayagam were ruling the Bouthiramanikapattinam (now Ervadi) province for generations together according to the peace treaty with king Jamara kolakala pandiyan. A few centuries later again when they felt the odour of Islam is slowly vanishing from the Tamil soil, they decided to leave the throne and begin the Islamic campaign as their ancestor Badusha Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed did. They slowly started moving from one place to another in spreading Islam and bringing people in the daily duties of Islam. Badhusha Varushai Syed Ibrahim whose grave is found in Melakkal Kanavai in Madurai district is the Great grand father of Nalla Ibraheem waliyullah and his grandson Mursal Ibrahim Shaheedh's grave is found in Ramanathapuram District as mentioned above.
In the service of his ancestor as a Mujavir.
Nalla Ibrahim waliyullah was living peacefully in Kiliyur, Paramakudi Taluk of Ramanathapuram District doing Islamic campaign as all his forefathers did. Once, Nallaa Ibraahim waliyullah had a dream in which his forefather Badhusha Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shahedh appeared and asked him to come to Erwadi to serve the people coming for Ziyarat to Erwadi. Waking up Suddenly, Nalla Ibraaheem waliyullah could realize His Grandfather's wish and informed his wife about the journey. His wife who had settled in Kiliyoor was reluctant to start towards Erwadi. Nalla Ibrahim waliyullah persuaded and finally started alone to Erwadi to the service of his forefather. Lot of people started thronging Erwadi for Ziarat who all were ecstatic to see Shahedh badusha's heir Nalla Ibrahim bava in the service of Dharghah as a Mujawir.
Wife refusing to come – A miracle of Badhusha Nayagam.
Following the order given by Hazrath Sulthan Syed Ibrahim shaheedh to leave Kiliyoor and stay at Ervaadi to serve pilgrims, Mujavir Nallla Ibraheem bava planned to start from Kiliyur with family. But his wife was reluctant to join with Naalla Ibrahim for Her love towards the current village Kiliyur. Baadusha nayagam was bit anger towards this attitude of his granddaughter and offered a different miracle to happen in the heirs of Mujavir Nalla Ibrahim and his spouse till Qiyamah. A few children will be born with reddish skin and golden hair to look as if like an English. Erwaadi, being an arid place people are fully black and it's even very rare to see folks with yellowish complexion. But till today in one can see people with British complexion in Erwadi who are from the heirs of Nalla Ibrahim Waliyullah radiyallah ta'ala anhu happening because of the miracle of Shahid badusha. Shocked to hear this, Nalla Ibrahim waliyullah's wife accepted and joined with her husband to aervadi and served the people who came for Zi'arat. Had she not refused the first invitation, could have avoided her children with British complexion. But anyhow still this stands as evidence to the powers of Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shahid.
Sethupathy's child and 6666 acres of land.
After Mujavir Mohamed Ibrahim nalla Ibrahim bava settled in Erwadi, lot of pilgrims started thronging Ervadi shariff. The karaamaat of Qutb Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Sahid was getting reached to people from various parts of India and people who came with different wishes to Erwadi saw it answered with the duaa of Shaheed nayagam. During the period of Nalla Ibrahim waliyullah the Ramnad province (called as Sethu Empire) was ruled by King Regunatha Sethupathy, who like the other sethupathy raja's had a close association with the Arabs (descendants of badhusha Nayagam) who ruled Bavithiramanickapattanam province. Sethupathy was longing for an offspring. Hearing about the miracles happening at Earvaadi dargha, the king along with his close associates visited the Holy Erwadi Dharga. Qutb Nala Ibrahim Waliyullah who was seated at Aerwadi received the king with greater enthusiasm and made him to stay there. Daily in the day on night Nalla Ibrahim bava offered oil from the lamp placed in the Ervadi dargah and some water taken from the pond near dargah and kept in the Rouza (Grave) of Syed ibraheem shahid raziyallah. With the grace of Allah and Dhuaa of Shaheed badhusha the Queen got conceived and nursed male baby. The king was taken to the extreme of joy for the birth of Prince else his Empire would go into the hands of others. As a token of thanks and gratitude, the king donated 6666 acres of land (from Ithampadal to Thachan oorani) as Inam to Ervadi dargah. A portion of it is still maintained by the Dargha Huqdar Management Committee of Erwadi Dhargah.
Kattupalli Shuhadaas.
Kattupalli is one of the main places where the war between Pandyas and Arabs was held. It is also the graveyard of Arabs where the Dargahs of all important ministers of Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed badhusha Radiyallah tala anhu are found. It is in the northern side of the main dargah within 0.5 km. Kattupalli is very spacious and it accommodates millions of people who gather during the Sandanakoodu urus festival.
Ameer Abbas Manthiri Shahid.
Ameer Abbas Razi was a minister in the then Islamic Government of Rome while Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Radiyallah, the emperor of Medina wrote a letter to the Ruler of Rome, explaining the plan of travel to Hindustan obliging the order from grandfatherly ancestor Muhammad to spread Islam. The Roman ruler expressed his situation and sent a big troop in the leadership of Hazrat Ameer Abbas Manthiri Razi and they travelled to Madinah and joined Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed.
In the Bouthiramanickapattinam war which held between the Arabs and the pandiyas, Hazrat Ameer Abbas Mandhiri Radiyallah and his troop killed a lot of pandiyans. In the Third war, Hazrat Ameer Abbas manthiri was assassinated and attained martyrdom. Today, a highly sophisticated and well built Dargah of Ameer Abbas manthiri Shaheed radiyallah Ta'la anhu is situated at the western entrance of kattupalli, with the separate Ziyarat khana for men and women.
Aboobakkar Abdul Hakim Doctor Shahid.
Aboobakkar Abdul Hakeem Doctor Shaheed is popularly known as Hakkeem Doctor Shaheed. He is the chief of the team of physicians for Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed badusha's troop which consisted Syed Ahmad Doctor Raziyallah Ta'ala anhu from Rome, Yusuf Doctor Shaheed and Gailani Doctor Shaheed.
Ta'ala anhu. Though a physician by profession, Hazrat hakkim doctor was very strong in and brave to fight against the enemies of Islam. He was also killed in the battle of Bouthiramanickapattinam. Hazrat Hakkem doctor raziyallah Ta'ala anhu has exhibited many karaamaat (Miracles) after his shahaadat. A young lady by name Khatija from Malappuram district of Kerala who was suffering from brain tumor was left hopeless by the doctors since the surgery is risky and may lead to death. Frustrated to live, she came with an intention to spend her rest part of life in Ervadi dargah and stayed in Hakkem doctor Durgha. The 40th night, she had a dream in which Abubakkar Hakkim Doctor Shaheed appeared and performed a surgery on her brain. Morning when she woke up, she could see her head dressed with medications and some blood stains on it. Thousands of people gathered to see this miracle and it was published in the state level "Tamil Daily" newspaper and seeing this thousands of more diseased people started thronging Erwadi, Hakkeem Doctor Durgah.
Abdul Qadir Mujahid Shahid and Gazanfar Muhaiddin Shaheed.
These two Shaheeds are important ministers in the troop of Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Badusha Raziyallah Tala anhu. They played a very vital role in the war between the pandiyas and the Arabs and killed a few hundreds of pandiyas. The second important minister from Shaheed Badhushaa's troop to be killed in the war was Abdul Qadir Shahid raziyallah Ta'ala anhu. He fought against the enemies even when his abdomen was torn and all its content was out. That fetched him a respect to him in the war and after his death. Later Muhaidden shaheed stood with Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shahhed for a long time and he too attained martyrdom. These two shuhadaas' Qabr are found close to each other. They play a very main roll in Erwadi durgah becoming a curing hub for supernatural diseases and diseases caused by magic, Devils and mental disorder caused due to it. Hence these two shuhadaas are called as Kanakkedukkum Manthirigal. It means that Ministers who take care of curing magical and devilish diseases. People who come to Ervadi dargah with the above complaints, write a ready written petition kept in the dargah and offer it to the Mujavir.
Veerar Abdullah Shahid.
Hazrat Abdullah Shaheed radiyallah Ta'ala anhu is believed to be from Makkah Al Mukarramah and was a wonderful fighter in the troop of Shaheed badusha. He served under Shahid badusha through the course of the war till its end. veerar Abdulla Shahid was the one, who entered the throne of King Vickrama Pandiyan during the final phase of war and dismounted the pandiya's flag with a fish symbol and hoisted the Muslims' flag declaring to the world the defeat of pandiyas in the war. So, Abdullah Shaheed is called as "Vetrik kodi nattiya veerar Abdullah Shaheed". This act of capturing the throne is the utmost important deed during the course of the war. Since capturing the other's throne is considered as the real victory over the rivals during the war rituals those days. This was possible only by the Braveness and Smart war techniques of Hazrat Shaji Abdullah Shaheed Radiyallah ta'la anhu. The dargah of veerar Abdullah Shaheed is located at the centre of the kattupalli and is managed by the Mujavirs.
Zulfiqar Ali @ Chanthanapeer Shaheedh.
Hazrat Zulfiqar Ali was a minister in the then Islamic Government of Istanbul while Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Radiyallah, the emperor of Madinah wrote to the Ruler of Turkey, regarding the travel to Hindustan obliging the order from grandfatherly ancestor Muhammad to spread Islam there. Though the Turkish ruler was not able to join Shaheed Badusha, he sent a troop headed by Hazrat Zulfiqar Ali Raziyallah Ta'ala anhu and they travelled to Madinah and joined the troops of Shaheed badusha.
In the bouthiramanickapattinam war against the pandiyans, Hazrat Zulfiqaar Ali as the very name reflects fought very bravely and finally was killed by the pandiyas.
Reason for the name sandanapeer.
Though the actual name being Zulfiqar Ali, he was very well known by the name Santhanapeer Shahid waliyullah. Hazrat Zulfiqar Ali belonged to Turkey, which is a very cold country. He could not bear the heat of South India, and to overcome this, Hazrat Zulfiqar Shaheed used to apply sandalwood paste in his entire body for chillness. Daily morning he used to apply and for this reason he was called by the local Tamil people at that time as Sandanapeer which means The saint of Sandal. Till today, Hazrat Zulfaqar Shaheed radiyallah Ta'ala anhu is called by the name Santhanapeer Shaheed waliyullah and even the dargah where hazrat's grave is found, in the kattupalli, is named as Chandanapeer Shahid waliyullah dargah.
Syed Is'haq Shaheed-Sara Amma Safura Amma Durgah.
This durgah is located outside the Kaattupalli dargah campus. This is located parallel to the southern entrance of kattuppalli and to the east of Main Durgah. The graves of the family members of Sulthan Syed Ibrahim shaheed and all his descendants, who ruled the Erwadi province are found here. Hazrat Shaheed badusha's brother Hazrat Badusha Syed Ismail's son, Badhusha Hazrat Syed Is'haq the crowned prince who ruled Ervadi after the death (Shahadat)of badhusha nayagam is found here along with the graves of Badusha Syed Ibrahim Shaheed, Badusha Syed Baaqir Shaheed, Badusha Syed Qasim Shaheed and Badhushah Syed Tahir Shaheed Ridwanullahi Ta'ala alaihim. Also the graves of waliyatullas Seyyida Sara Amma, Seyyida Safura Amma and Seyyida Zainab Amma are also found in this Dargah. For this reason, this dargah is called as "Sara Amma Safura Amma Palli". People who long for children come to this dargah, and with a niyyah, they tie a cradle tearing the corner of the saree and are supposed to come fruitful with a child within a year or two.
Santhanakoodu urus festival.
The Grand urus festival of Ervadi dargah is held every year in the Islamic Month of Dhu al-Qi'dah commemorating the shahadat anniversary of Hazrat Qutb Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shahid badhusha radiyallah Ta'ala anhu. The Grand festival starts on 1st of Zul Qaida and ends on 30th of Zul Qaidah of every Hijri year.
Beginning of Moulid Shariff – Dhul Qadah 1.
This event marks the beginning of the Urus festival in Erwadi. On the first night of the Islamic month of Dhu al-Qi'dah the Moulid Shariff majlis starts after a grand Du'aa. Hundreds of Levvais (Huqdars) and devotees gather at the Hall of Main Shrine of Erwadi Durgah after Maghrib (prayer). The majlis starts with Dua followed by Subhana Moulidh, Shaheed Badusha Manaaqib Moulidh, Zikr and ends with Dua. Half an hour break is given for Isha'a Prayer in between the Moulid Shariff which lasts till 11.00 pm. On Thursdays, The Moulidh Shariff begins after Isha'a prayers. This Moulidh Shariff is held continuously for 23 days.
Installation of Lower trunk (Adi Maram) – Dhul Qada 9.
This event marks the beginning of Flag hoisting ceremony of Ervadi dargah. This event is held every year on the 9th Evening of the Islamic month of Dhul Qaidah.
A Quran recital ceremony is held commemorating the martyrdom of Qutb Syed Abutahir madani shaheed. After the Fajr prayers, Thousands of people gather in the Durgah campus and Qur'an is recited for 4 or 5 times depending upon the gathered crowd followed by Moulid Shariff and Du'a with the Waseelah of Qutbul Aqtab Syedus Saadath Hazrat Qutb Syed Abootahir Madhani Shaheed Raziyallah Ta'ala anhu. The same day evening the lower trunk of the flag is installed after Asar parayers and duaa. Ropes are tied to the huge lower trunk weighing 4 tonnes and the trunk is fixed by tying the ropes at the six corners. Holding of the rope to lift the lower trunk of the flag makes many wishes come true by the waseela of Badusha nayagam which is called as عماد المرآد Imadul murad. The Erwadi dargah's victory flag is being hoisted at an height of consisting of a lower trunk, an upper trunk and the boat-shaped metal holding. A white woodden holder is placed at the upper edge of the lower trunk and is tied with 6 ropes to hold upon and its base is placed in the midst of the flag hoisting throne (Kodi medai). A few lakhs of people who gather to witness the ceremony pull the ropes and the Trunk rises slowly. Finally when it reaches the vertical position ropes are tied to make the trunk strong hold. This holding the Holy rope is called as "Imaadhul Muraad", and people who holds this holy rope with a wish seeking the help of Shaheedh Badushaha Nayagam, will see it answered in a very short period within the year.
Holy flag hoisting (Kodiyetru Vizha) – Dhul Qaidah 10.
This an important ceremony in the Santhanakoodu festival of Ervadi durgah. Around 600,000 people from all parts of Tamil Nadu and Kerala and also various states like Karnataka, Andhrapradesh, Maharashtra, Delhi and all over India take part. On the 10th evening of Zul Qaidah, The flag procession starts from the Erwadi village and reaches Durgah Shariff before maghrib. The holy flag is brought in an elephant which traditionally comes from the palace of the Raja of Ramnad. The procession goes round the durga thrice. Qasidahs are recited and after a grand Dhuaa, the Flag is hoisted in the upper trunk with a full voice slogan of Yaa Shaheed!!! Muraad Haasil!!!. The regular moulidh shariff starts at 9.00 pm on this day.
Santhanakoodu Procession – Dhul Qada 22.
This procession is conducted just to mark the beginning of the Main santhanakoodu festival. Procession starts from Ervadi Kudi iruppu, the residential area of Mujavirs (Huqdars called as Levvais) and reaches the Dargah shariff campus before maghrib prayers. The shadhili tariqa zikr halqa majlis (Hazra) is held in the Mosque at the durgah campus. A few millions of people start gathering at Erwadi and get scattered at kattupalli and other areas of Ervadi durga. District administration announces local Holiday on this day and the State government along with TNSTC runs thousands of special buses to Erwadi from various locations of Tamil Nadu. Hundreds of stalls are being put by the Government and by the private vendors. Many food stalls and child entertainment games are being run in this season.
Sandal smearing on the holy grave – Dhul Qadah 23.
This is the peak celebration and the sole purpose of the one month long Santhanakoodu festival in Ervadi Durgah. This day marks the martyrdom of Hazrat Qutbul hamid Gausul Majid Badusha Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Raziyallah Taala anhu. The 23rd day moulid shariff (Last Moulid for the year) starts exactly at 12.00 am on the 23rd night of Dhu al-Qi'dah and ends at 3:00 am with a grand Dhuaa begging Shaheed badusha's mercy. Sandal paste are taken in 3 pots from Ervadi and brought in the very grand procession. It reaches Durgah around 5:00 am and the sandal pot is taken to the maqbara, the grave (Mazaar) of Hazrat Shaheed Badusha. The procession goes round the Dargah thrice. A grand Dhuaa is recited inside the Maqaam of Hazrat shaheed badusha. The sandal is smeared in the rauza mubarak of Shaheed and different carpets with Valuable Silk, Diamond and other floral carpets are presented. The sandal paste is anointed on the Rauza of Hazrat Qutb Syed Abootahir Shaheed and the rouza of Seyyida Fathima Al Barqa radiyallah Ta'ala anha (Shahid badusha'a mother). Only selected Levvais (Mujavirs – Huqdars) and a few Guests including the descendants of Madurai Maqbara Hazrats are permitted inside the Maqam during the ceremony. More than 1000 policemen and policewomen are deployed for security. The ceremony ends with the fajr prayer and the sandal is distributed to all who gather in the Dargah campus.
Dismounting of the Holy Flag (Kodi Irakkam) – Dhul Qadah 30.
This is the final event which marks the end of a month long Santhanakoodu festival in Erwadidurgah. Every year on the 30th Morning of Islamic month of Dhu al-Qi'dah thousands of people gather at the hall of main Dargah after fajr prayer for the recitation of Holy Quran. Qur'an is completely recited more than 7 times and Tabarruk is distributed after the dhuaa with the waseela of Badhusha Nayagam (Holy King). The same day evening, after Asar Qasidas and Byts are recited followed by the grand final Dhuaa and the Holy Flag is dismounted with the Sky blowing slogan of YAA SHAHEED!!! MURAD HAASIL!!!. The holy flag is presented unto the Sacred Rouza of Hazrat Sulthan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed and a Dhuaa is recited. The lower trunk and other components of the Holy flag are displaced before maghrib. Around 1.5 million people from all over India and other countries like Sri Lanka, U.K., Saudi Arabia, U.A.E. and Kuwait take part. The crowd which gathers here for this ceremony is the highest than any other festival in Ramanathapuram District. After maghrib, the traditional Thabarruk of 'NEI SORU' (Ghee Rice) is distributed to all the 1.5 million pilgrims who witnessed the Santhanakoodu Urus festivals of Erwadi Dargah. The arrangements for the entire festival is made and sponsored by the Dargah Huqdhar Management Committee (D.H.M.C.). Thus the one month long Urus Festival of Ervadi Durgah Shariff comes to an end.
Ervadi Santhanakoodu Festival 2013.
Following is the schedule of the Grand Holy Annual Santhanakoodu (Sandanakoodu) festival commemorating the 838th Urus festival to be held at Ervadi dargha for a month's time, from 7 September 2013 to 6 October 2013.
A local district holiday has been announced by the Ramanathapuram district collector and other officials of the District administration on 30 September 2013 for Erwadi Santhanakoodu (Urus) festival 2013.
Ervadi today.
Erwadi durgah today stands as a symbol of religious harmony in Tamil Nadu. People with satanic illness visit this durgah in large number and get cured. Millions of people visit this Durgah during the Urus Santhanakoodu Anniversary, held during the entire Islamic month of Dhu al-Qi'dah
Transportation.
Ervadi durgah is well connected by all means of transport through India. It has nonstop transport facility from all over Tamil Nadu.
Road.
Erwadi has wide range of connectivity through road from all parts of Tamil Nadu. The major East Coast Road which connects entire Tamil Nadu through Bay of Bengal from Chennai to Kanyakumari itself touches Ervadi. Also NH 49 from Madurai to Rameswaram touches Ramanathapuram and from there East Coast Road can be taken via Kilakarai to reach Ervadi and the distance in this route is 27 km. There are frequent buses for every 30 minutes being operated by TNSTC from Ramanathapuram to Erwadi.
Also TNSTC operates direct buses to Erwadi from various parts of Tamil Nadu like Madurai, Kumuli, Pattukottai, Thondi, Nagore and Chennai. Also Earvadi acts a connecting center to nearby village towns like Mudukulathur, Sayalgudi, Valinokkam, Sikkal, Idambaadal, Kombuthi, Kamudi, Kadaladi etc., with the district headquarters of Ramnad. Thus, buses and other road vehicles plying to these towns pass through Ervaadi. Also, buses from Ramnaad and Rameshwaram towards Tuticorin, Thiruchendur, Kanniyakumari halt at Erwadi generating some amount of revenue. This helps lot people travelling between these towns to know about Earwadi the holiest town in Tamil Nadu for Muslims. There is a SETC service from Chennai daily Route No: 169, Departs from Chennai at 7:15 pm and arrives at Erwadi at 7:45 am the next day, the same departs to Chennai at 2:15 pm via Kilakarai, Ramnad, R. S. Mangalam, Karaikudi, Pudukkottai, Tiruchirappalli, Villupuram. Erwadi is 28 km from Ramnaad and 104 km from Tuticorin.
Rail.
Ramanathapuram railway station (Station code: RMD) is the nearest station to erwadi and is well connected through road. Train No. 16101 and Train No.16713 which comes from Chennai Egmore and Train Nos 16102 and 16714 which comes from Rameswaram can be availed here. There are three passenger trains to Tiruchirapalli via Paramakkudi, Manamadurai, Sivagangai, Karaikudi, Devakottai and Pudukkottai. Two passenger trains shuttle between Madurai and Rameswaram via Ramanathapuram, Paramakkudi, Manamadurai and Thirupuvanam.Also trains to Quilon, Bhubaneswar and Hazrat Nizamuddin from Rameswaram which are to run shortly will touch Ramanathapuram and this can be availed by Ervadi passengers from North India once it starts its service.
Ship.
Erwadi is well connected with the border ports of Bay of Bengal. Though this is neither a port nor a harbour, this is the junction point of all fishing steamers. Fishermen from adjacent villages like Kilakarai, Chinna Ervadi,Seranthai, Sadamuniyan valasi, Adam cheri, Adanjeri, kavakulam etc., anchor their fishing ships and steamers here. So, People who wish to travel to Ervadi by ship can start their journey from any of these neighbouring villages. There are regular glass boat rides with transparent base to see the corals from the Erwadi beach to witness the beautiful aquatic life in the Gulf of Mannar. Sea turtles are frequent visitors to the gulf as are sacred sharks, dugongs, and dolphins. Each ride costs Rs 50 for a person.
Hotels, restaurants & guest houses.
Erwadi houses hundreds of hotels and restaurants with middle class facilities mostly run by Levvais (Mujavirs-Huqdars).Here are the lists of few 

</doc>
<doc id="21406241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406241" title="Jelični Vrh">
Jelični Vrh

Jelični Vrh is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Baraka, Goverkarjev Vrh, Kališe, Pod Veharšami, and Vrh Žale. 
Mass graves.
Jelični Vrh is the site of two known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. Both graves are located southwest of the settlement, along an unsurfaced road at the beginning of the Brus Ravine (), on the right side of the road between Godovič and Idrija. They contain the remains of Slovene civilians murdered in June 1945. The total number of victims is believed to be between four and ten. The Brus Ravine 1 Mass Grave () is believed to contain the body of one known victim, Jože Lazar. The Brus Ravine 2 Mass Grave () contains the remains of an unknown number of victims.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Jelični Vrh include:

</doc>
<doc id="21406244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406244" title="BlueSky Open Platform">
BlueSky Open Platform

BlueSky Open Platform is an open source e-learning solution designed to balance education resources between well-developed cities and poor regions of China. It was a collaboration between Xi'an Jiaotong University and IBM. In 2006 BlueSky won the China National Science and Technology Progress Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21406249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406249" title="Oussoubidiagna">
Oussoubidiagna

Oussoubidiagna is a small town and principal settlement ("chef-lieu") of the commune of Tomora in the Cercle of Bafoulabé in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406274" title="Founia Moribougou">
Founia Moribougou

Founia Moribougou is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Benkadi Founia in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406278" title="P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang">
P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang

"P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang" is a British television film first shown on Channel 4 on its second night, 3 November 1982.
Written by Jack Rosenthal as part of his "First Love" series, it is a simple coming-of-age film set in a grammar school in the outer London suburbs of the late forties (1948). It is the story of Alan Duckworth (John Albasiny), a young cricket-obsessed boy, and his first kiss with Ann Lawton (Abigail Cruttenden). Alan's thoughts are voiced by real life BBC Radio cricket commentator John Arlott in the style of a match commentary. The title phrase comes from a password used by members of Alan's gang.
Plot.
Alan Duckworth (known as 'Quack Quack' to his friends) is a socially awkward fourteen year-old who is obsessed with cricket and Ann Lawton, a girl in his class. Alan daydreams throughout his day showing up late for school and making little academic progress. He becomes friends with the groundsman Tommy (Garry Cooper) who he sees as some sort of 'war hero'. Alan often follows Tommy around telling him how Tommy helped to win the war while making predictions about what the world will be like now the war is won. Among other things, Alan predicts there will be no more wars, everyone will speak Esperanto and everyone, regardless of race or creed, will have a Teasmade.
Miss Land (Alison Steadman), meanwhile, is worried she is pregnant with Tommy's baby, something that would result in her having to resign from her job as an English teacher. Tommy however is arrested and it transpires he deserted the war three weeks into his service, rather than fighting at Dunkirk, El Alamein, the Battle of the Bulge and Burma as he claimed.
While his friends are all interested in sex, which Alan refers to as 'the other thing', he is purely focused on kissing Ann Lawton. Ann, however, is not well regarded by Alan's friends as she is very straight-laced. When Miss Land casts them together in the school play, Alan and Ann have to kiss.
Filming.
Filming took place at Wimbledon Chase Primary School and Cardinal Vaughan School, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21406281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406281" title="St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Baltimore, Maryland)">
St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Baltimore, Maryland)

St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church, more commonly called Old St. Paul's Church today, is a historic Episcopal church located at 233 North Charles Street in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was founded in 1692 as the parish church for Patapsco Parish, one of the original 30 parishes in colonial Maryland.
History.
St. Paul's was founded in 1692 under the Establishment Act, by the General Assembly of Maryland under Lionel Copley, then Governor of Maryland, which created 30 "Protestant" (Anglican) parishes in the colony of Maryland. The first church as "Patapsco Parish" was located somewhere along near the head of Colgate Creek, on the "Patapsco Neck" peninsula which juts into the Chesapeake Bay at North Point and Sparrows Point between the Patapsco River to the south and Back River (Maryland) to the north. Modern-day Highlandtown and Canton in southeastern Baltimore City and Dundalk, Edgemere, and Fort Howard are in suburban southeastern Baltimore County communities there now. When Baltimore Town was founded in its present location in 1729, the parish moved to "Lot 19," in the Original Survey" of 1730 at the highest point just inside the original town boundaries purchased from Charles Carroll of Carrollton, where a small brick church, (facing south towards the harbor), a rectory and some cemetery plots were placed in 1739 on a cliff overlooking the Jones Falls stream to the east and northwest of the original Courthouse Square (later Battle Monument Square) at North Calvert between East Lexington and Fayette Streets. The present church is located on a portion of that property, in the northwest corner.
A second brick church, also facing south towards "The Basin" (Inner Harbor) was constructed of brick and completed in 1784 and consecrated by Bishop Thomas John Claggett, first Bishop of Maryland (consecrated/ordained 1792) in 1797 and endured until 1812 when replaced by the Long-designed edifice. It continued to use the former steeple of the first church building as a private prayer chapel in the middle of the surrounding cemetery, which was later relocated in 1800 to the western side of town at West Lombard and Fremont Street (near the present Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard).
All Episcopal parishes in Baltimore City and many in Baltimore County are in some way traced to Old St. Paul's. The first "daughter" congregation, Christ Church (closed 1986), was created in 1796 near the present day War Memorial/City Hall Plaza at the southeast corner of South Gay and East Fayette Streets. Another congregation, St. Peter's, was created in an evangelical controversy split from Old St. Paul's in 1801 during the rectorate of Dr. Joseph Bend; that congregation is today known as Grace and St. Peter's Church, presently located at Park Avenue and West Monument Street, two blocks west of the Washington Monument, across the street from the former Diocesan House (bishop's and administrative staff offices) and has now, ironically, evolved into a high church Anglo-Catholic parish, with a very well-regarded co-educational private day school.
The third building in Baltimore (and fourth of the parish) erected for St. Paul's was designed by noted Baltimore architect Robert Cary Long, Jr. and constructed in 1812 (some sources say 1814-1817). This neo-classical structure faced towards the west on Charles Street, seated 1,600 people in the main level and galleries and was graced with a 126 foot high spire. The three orders of Greek columns adorned the building. It was destroyed by fire in 1854; the cross that fell from that tower now adorns the old Church Home Hospital on Broadway in Baltimore. The fourth church was completed two years later.
The 1856 building reflected the growing influence of the Oxford Movement in the Episcopal Church. Richard Upjohn's design for the new building invoked not the democratic values of the Federal Period but the Catholicism of Italy, which he had recently toured. He also had just designed the famous Gothic Trinity Church on Wall Street in lower New York City Since the existing walls of St. Paul's did not allow for the pointed-gothic design preferred by the Ecclesiological Society, Upjohn patterned the building after the Basilica of San Giorgio in Rome. The side galleries so important to preaching were not rebuilt, and focus in the building was dramatically pointed to the altar with a spacious (for the time) chancel.
Thus the "high church" position that St. Paul's had occupied since the rectorate of Dr. Bend became more pronounced, especially under the rectorate of Dr. William Wyatt, who oversaw the construction of the new building and the creation of a number of Anglo-Catholic mission parishes around Baltimore City, most notably Mount Calvary Church. His successor, Rev'd. Milo Mahan, introduced candles on the altar and seasonal liturgical colors. The Rev. John Sebastian Bach Hodges, who led the parish for 35 years until 1905, replaced a paid quartet with the "Choir of Men and Boys", which still sings at the 11 a.m. Sunday service. In 2002, a Choir of Girls was created during the rectorship of Rev. David Cobb.
Two rectors of Old St. Paul's have gone on to become bishops of the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland: The Right Rev. James Kemp (1764-1827) and the Right Rev. Harry Lee Doll, (1903-1984).
Architecture and Design.
The present church was designed by renowned architect Richard Upjohn, with an eclectic juxtaposition of 12th-century Italian elements on the exterior and Romanesque elements on the interior. The exterior facade features two bas-reliefs of Christ and Moses, executed by the Italian sculptor Antonio Capellano (who also sculpted the statue on the top of the Battle Monument) that were originally part of the façade of the previous Robert Cary Long church. Other elements from the 1817 structure include the walls of the Federal period building, a stained glass window of the risen Christ over the entrance, a marble baptismal font designed by Maximilian Godefroy (who also designed the Battle Monument and the First Unitarian Church), and the Bishop’s chair given to St. Paul’s in 1815. 
The church was given a relatively dark Victorian appearance when opened. The Greek columns were painted a sandstone orange, with an elaborate color scheme of brown, red, and yellow ochres dominating the rest of the nave. The chancel was dominated by a black walnut reredos. A small stained-glass window of St. Paul stood above the high altar. English Minton tiles adorned the aisles and chancel that complimented the color scheme of the church. An anonymous painting of this interior is still in the possession of the parish.
In 1903, the chancel was renovated to a brighter appearance, in accordance with the tastes of the period. The reredos was moved to the back of the church (where it still stands as a memorial wall), and a new Tiffany reredos was installed with a completely new design for the east wall, including a large window by Helen Maitland Armstrong was installed above the altar, with the St. Paul window moved to the south aisle. The ochres of the 1850s gave way to white faux blocks etched into the nave. 
The oldest of the aisle windows date to 1890, but most were installed at the same time as the chancel redecoration. The designers include Tiffany Studios of New York City 
and Clayton & Bell Studios.
In the 1930s, the faux blocking was removed, leaving only tracery around the windows. The chancel was renovated for cleaning and maintenance in the 1990s. In the summer of 2013, the interior of the church underwent a historic restoration that included painting the nave and adding a blue field with gold stars to the ceiling. The Rev. Mark A. Stanley, Rector, raised 100% of the money to pay for this project by soliciting donations from church members.
Noted members.
Prominent members of the parish include Samuel Chase, John Eager Howard, and Thomas Johnson, and William Donald Schaefer (mayor of Baltimore and governor, comptroller of Maryland).
Historic designations.
St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is included within the Cathedral Hill Historic District and the Baltimore National Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21406285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406285" title="Kanji Dol">
Kanji Dol

Kanji Dol is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It no longer has any permanent residents.

</doc>
<doc id="21406292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406292" title="John Friel">
John Friel

John Friel (1 August 1889 – 1 October 1963) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and merchant. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal East constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent election until he lost his seat at the 1951 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21406294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406294" title="Allan Eastman">
Allan Eastman

Haldon Darryl Allan Eastman (born July 6, 1948) is a Canadian television director and executive producer.
Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Eastman received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Manitoba in 1971. He then studied at the Film School of the University of Bristol where he wrote and directed his first film "A Sweeter Song". He directed the feature films "The War Boy" (1985), "Crazy Moon" (1986) and "Danger Zone" (1996).
Eastman was an executive producer for television shows including "Night Man", "Beastmaster" and "Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda". He has also directed episodes for TV shows such as "The Littlest Hobo", "Road to Avonlea", "Beachcombers", ', "Danger Bay", "Sliders", "Night Man", ', ', ', ', ', "Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda" and "".
Eastman's miniseries "" was the recipient of three Gemini Awards, including Best Miniseries, and seven other nominations, while "Race for the Bomb" and "Champagne Charlie" also earned seven Gemini nominations. Eastman also received a Golden Reel Award, as the director of "Ford", and a 2001 Leo Award for "Andromeda" Best Dramatic Series.

</doc>
<doc id="21406304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406304" title="Payment processor">
Payment processor

A payment processor is a company (often a third party) appointed by a merchant to handle credit card transactions for merchant acquiring banks. They are usually broken down into two types: front-end and back-end.
Front-end processors have connections to various card associations and supply authorization and settlement services to the merchant banks’ merchants. Back-end processors accept settlements from front-end processors and, via The Federal Reserve Bank, move the money from the issuing bank to the merchant bank. 
In an operation that will usually take a few seconds, the payment processor will both check the details received by forwarding them to the respective card’s issuing bank or card association for verification, and also carry out a series of anti-fraud measures against the transaction.
Additional parameters, including the card’s country of issue and its previous payment history, are also used to gauge the probability of the transaction being approved.
Once the payment processor has received confirmation that the credit card details have been verified, the information will be relayed back via the payment gateway to the merchant, who will then complete the payment transaction. If verification is denied by the card association, the payment processor will relay the information to the merchant, who will then decline the transaction.
History of payment processors.
In the 16th century, paper currency became a way to trade commodity resources, like tobacco leaves stored in a warehouse. A producer would deposit his crop with the depot, and the depot-keeper would give a bearer-demand note to the depositor which he could trade on the open market for other goods and services.
Modern payment processing.
Due to the many regulatory requirements levied on businesses, the modern payment processor is usually partnered with merchants through a concept known as software-as-a-service (SaaS). SaaS payment processors offer a single, regulatory-compliant electronic portal that enables a merchant to scan checks (often called remote deposit capture or RDC), process single and recurring credit card payments (without the merchant storing the card data at the merchant site), process single and recurring ACH and cash transactions, process remittances and Web payments. These cloud-based features occur regardless of origination through the payment processor's integrated receivables management platform. This results in cost reductions, accelerated time-to-market, and improved transaction processing quality.
Transaction processing quality.
Electronic payments are highly susceptible to fraud and abuse. Liability to merchants for misuse of credit card data creates a huge expense on merchants, if the business were to attempt mitigation on their own. One way to lower this cost and liability exposure is to segment the transaction of the sale from the payment of the amount due. Some merchants have a requirement to collect money from a customer every month. SaaS payment processors relieve the responsibility of the management of recurring payments from the merchant and maintain safe and secure the payment information, passing back to the merchant a payment token. Merchants use this token to actually process a charge which makes the merchant system fully PCI-compliant. Some payment processors also specialize in high-risk processing for industries that are subject to frequent chargebacks, such as adult video distribution.
Payment processing network architecture.
Typical network architecture for modern online payment systems is a chain of service providers, each providing unique value to the payment transaction, and each adding cost to the transaction. Merchant -> Point-of-sale SaaS -> Aggregator -> Credit Card Network -> Bank. The merchant can be a brick-and-mortar outlet or an online outlet. The Point-of-sale (POS) SaaS provider is usually a smaller company that provides customer support to the merchant and is the receiver of the merchant's transactions. The POS provider represents the Aggregator to merchants. The POS provider transaction volumes are small compared to the Aggregator transaction volumes. The POS provider does not handle enough traffic to warrant a direct connection to the major credit card networks. The merchant also does not handle enough traffic to warrant a direct connection to the Aggregator. In this way, scope and responsibilities are divided among the various business partners to easily manage the technical issues that arise.

</doc>
<doc id="21406319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406319" title="Edmond Richard (writer)">
Edmond Richard (writer)

Edmond Richard was a French writer, as well as being the first biographer and last lover of Apollonie Sabatier.

</doc>
<doc id="21406325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406325" title="A Perfect Day for Love Letters">
A Perfect Day for Love Letters

Manga.
In Japan, Kodansha published both "tankōbon" volumes on March 2001 (ISBN 978-4-06-341229-1 and ISBN 978-4-06-341230-7). The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Del Rey Manga. The first published on June 2005 (ISBN 978-0-345-48266-2) and the second on November 2005 (ISBN 978-0-345-48267-9).
Reception.
Anime News Network's Carlo Santos criticizes the manga for its characters quirks for being annoying and "occasional clutter layout". However, he complemented the manga for "true-to-life characters". Mania.com's Mike Dungan criticises George Asakura's artwork as "coarse". However he commends the manga for "building the tension just right" in each of the individual stories.

</doc>
<doc id="21406345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406345" title="Zevende Klasse">
Zevende Klasse

The Zevende Klasse () is the eleventh and lowest tier of football in the Netherlands and the ninth tier of Dutch amateur football. The league is divided into 3 divisions, only played on Sunday and only in district North.
The divisions consists of 11, 12, 13 or 14 teams. The champions and the runners-up are promoted to the Zesde Klasse but they can refuse promotion. Because the Zevende Klasse is the lowest football tier, teams cannot be relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="21406346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406346" title="CLG Oisín">
CLG Oisín

Oisín Gaelic Athletic Club () is a Gaelic Athletic Association sports club in Manchester which plays Gaelic football at senior and junior level, as well as having a growing under-age structure. Oisín is a member club of the Lancashire GAA County Board, the British GAA Provincial Council and the GAA as a whole.
They play in the Lancashire Senior and Junior Championships, Lancashire Senior League, Pennine League, Wolfe Tone League and when qualifying the All Britain Intermediate and All Ireland Junior Championships.
History.
The club was formed in 1904 from the Craobh Oisín Gaelic League Club which was at that time based in Gaythorn, Manchester. The Gaelic League club was involved in promoting music, song, and dance at that time. The formation of a Gaelic football club was an extension to the promotion of all Irish cultural activities in the city.
The club had its home at 7 Cheapside, Manchester, until 1953/1954, when the Gaelic League club ceased to exist and the Oisín GAA club had no official headquarters. This situation was addressed in 1992 when they joined forces with Old Bedians Rugby and Soccer clubs, and a modern clubhouse and playing facilities were built.
In 2004 the club celebrated its centenary year and published a book on its history, entitled "An Scéal". A copy of the book is on display in the GAA Museum in Croke Park.
Under-age.
In 1994 Oisín GAA was a major force in British Gaelic football. The senior team won the All Britain Intermediate Championship for the club. A large proportion of that team were home grown players.
The Oisín club re-established its underage teams in 2006 and now competes at U-10, U-12 and U-14 levels. In 2008 both the U-10s and the U-12s won the Lancashire League.
Honours.
Not surprisingly for a club over one hundred years old, a precise list of the club's major successes is not available. The first major recorded success was in 1949 when the Senior team won the League.
Notable players.
Oisín have had many talented individuals who have passed through the club over the years. Eddie Hogan won a Leinster Senior medal with Kildare in 1956 and Pádraig Johnson won a Leinster Minor medal with Offaly in 1962. As well as representing Offaly at minor level Johnson was also President of the GAA in Britain between 1994 and 1996, the only Oisín member to have held that position.
Peter Quinn of Fermanagh returned to Ireland and later became President of the GAA in 1991, whilst Canon Moss O'Connell went on to the pinnacle of the sport with Senior All-Ireland success with his native Kerry.
Other regular intercounty players of the past include Fr Emmett Fullen RIP (Derry), Eamon Boland (Roscommon), Bob Harrison (Kildare), Kevin McNamee (Meath) and P.J.McGowan (Donegal).
Liam and Noel Gallagher of Oasis played Gaelic football at underage level with OisíOisínn CLG.
Facilities.
Old Bedians
Whilst Croke Park has only recently opened its doors to soccer and rugby, Oisín has been working with their sporting counterparts for well over a decade.
It began back in 1921 when the Old Bedian Society was established. It consisted of "Old Boys" from St Bedes College, Whalley Range who provided teams in both rugby and soccer.
In 1965 Old Bedians purchased the land and clubhouse in Millgate Lane from Granada TV. 
Old Bedians Rebuilt
In April 1991 the clubhouse was destroyed when a stolen car was abandoned and set alight next to it. Several months of dispute with insurers over valuation finally ended in success and the Committee set about rebuilding the clubhouse.
A decision was made to take on board another sport and Oisín GAA accepted the offer. Development moved quickly and land which had previously been unused and other land which was purchased was assigned to Oisín to develop into two playing fields. 
The final development is a modern clubhouse with changing rooms for eight teams, shower and referee facilities, a function room for up to 120 people and a small members bar.

</doc>
<doc id="21406356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406356" title="List of Ghost Slayers Ayashi episodes">
List of Ghost Slayers Ayashi episodes

This is a list of episodes for original Japanese anime series, "Ghost Slayers Ayashi". It is known as "Tenpō Ibun Ayakashi Ayashi" in Japan. 
The series is created and animated by BONES, written by Shō Aikawa and had character designs done by Toshihiro Kawamoto. Directed by Hiroshi Nishikiori.
"Ghost Slayers Ayashi" was originally released in 3 parts, with each part having 2 DVDs. Part 1 has Volumes 1 (Episodes 1-5) & 2 (Episodes 6-10), which was released on December 2, 2008. Part 2 has Volumes 3 (Episodes 11-15) & 4 (Episodes 16-20) and was released April 7, 2009. Part 3 has Volumes 5 (Episodes 21-25) & 6 (OVAs 1-5) and was released on July 7, 2009. A Complete Collection was released on July 6, 2010. All DVDs are distributed by Bandai Entertainment.
In March 2011, Animax Asia aired and English dubbed version of the first 24 episodes. 
Episode list.
OVA episodes.
A short series of OVA episodes, the , was included with the sixth, seventh, and eighth Region 2 DVD volumes. The series spans five episodes in all.

</doc>
<doc id="21406357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406357" title="Sky Blues">
Sky Blues

Sky Blues may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21406361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406361" title="Dracaena cinnabari">
Dracaena cinnabari

Dracaena cinnabari, the Socotra dragon tree or dragon blood tree, is a dragon tree native to the Socotra archipelago in the Indian Ocean. It is so called due to the red sap that the trees produce.
Taxonomy.
The first description of "D. cinnabari" was made during a survey of Socotra led by Lieutenant Wellsted of the East India Company in 1835. It was first named Pterocarpus draco, but in 1880, the Scottish botanist Isaac Bayley Balfour made a formal description of the species and renamed it as "Dracaena cinnabari". Of between 60 and 100 "Dracaena" species, "D. cinnabari" is one of only 6 species which grows as a tree.
Description.
The dragon blood tree is the most famous and distinctive plant of the island of Socotra. It has a unique and strange appearance, described as "upturned, densely packed crown having the shape of an uprightly held umbrella". This evergreen species is named after its dark red resin, that is known as "dragon's blood".
Unlike most monocot plants, the Dracaenaceae display secondary growth, "D. cinnabari" even has growth zones resembling tree rings found in dicot tree species. Along with other arborescent "Dracaena" species it has a distinctive growth habit called ‘Dracoid habitus’. Its leaves are only found at the end of its youngest branches, their leaves are all shed every 3 or 4 years before new leaves simultaneously mature. Branching tends to occur when the growth of the terminal bud is stopped, either due to flowering or traumatic events (e.g. herbivory).
Its fruits are small fleshy berries containing between 1 and 3 seeds. As they develop they turn from green to black and then become orange once they are ripe. The berries are eaten by birds (e.g. "Onychognatus" species) and thereby dispersed. The seeds are between 4mm and 5mm in diameter and weigh on average 68 mg. The berries exude a deep red resin, known as dragon’s blood.
Like other monocotyledons, such as palms, the dragon’s blood tree grows from the tip of the stem, with the long, stiff leaves borne in dense rosettes at the end (4, 5, 7). It branches at maturity to produce an umbrella shaped crown, with leaves that measure up to 60 centimeters long and 3 centimeters wide. The trunk and the branches of the dragon blood are thick and stout and display dichotomous branching, where each of the branches repeatedly divide in two sections.
Biology.
The dragon's blood tree usually produces its flowers around February, though flowering does vary with location. The flowers tend to grow at the end of the branches. The flowers have inflorescences, and they bear small clusters of fragrant, white or green flowers. The fruits take five months to completely mature. The fruits are described as a fleshy berry, which changes from green to black as it gradually ripens. The fleshy berry fruit ends up being an orange-red color that contains one to three seeds. The berries are usually eaten and dispersed by birds and other animals.
The unusual shape of the dragon's blood tree is an adaptation for survival in arid conditions with low amounts of soil, such as in mountaintops. The large, packed crown provides shade and reduces evaporation. This shade also aids in the survival of seedlings growing beneath the adult tree, explaining why the trees tend to grow closer together.
Evolution.
Along with other plants on Socotra, "D. cinnabari" is thought to have derived from the Tethyan flora. It is considered a remnant of the Mio-Pliocene Laurasian subtropical forests that are now almost extinct due to the extensive desertification of North Africa.
Uses.
Dragon's blood is used as a stimulant and abortifacient. The root yields a gum-resin, used in gargle water as a stimulant, astringent and in toothpaste. The root is used in rheumatism, the leaves are a carminative.
The trees can be harvested for their crimson red resin, called dragon's blood which was highly prized in the ancient world and is still used today. Around the Mediterranean basin it is used as a dye and as a medicine, Socotrans use it ornamentally as well as dying wool, gluing pottery, a breath freshener and lipstick. Because of the belief that it is the blood of the dragon it is also used in ritual magic and alchemy. In 1883, the Scottish botanist, Isaac Bayley Balfour identified three grades of resin; the most valuable were tear-like in appearance, then a mixture of small chips and fragments, with a mixture of fragments and debris being the cheapest. The resin of "D. cinnabari" is thought to have been the original source of dragons blood until during the mediaeval and renaissance periods when other plants were used instead.
The local inhabitants of the city in the Socotra Island use the dragon's blood resin as a cure-all. They use it in general wound healing, as a coagulant, cure for diarrhea, for dysentery diseases, for lowering fevers. It is also taken for ulcers in the mouth, throat, intestines and stomach.
Dragon's blood of "Dracaena cinnabari" was used as a source of varnish for 18th century Italian violin-makers. It was also used as tooth-paste in the 18th century. It is currently still used as varnish for violins and for photoengraving.
Threats.
Although most of its ecological habitats are still intact, there is an increasing population with industrial and tourism development. This is putting more pressure on the vegetation through the process of logging, overgrazing, woodcutting and infrastructure of development plans. Though the dragon’s blood tree is highly widespread, it has become fragmented due to the development that has occurred in its habitats. Many of its populations are suffering due to poor regeneration. Human activities have greatly reduced the dragon’s blood population through overgrazing, and feeding the flowers and fruits to the livestock of the island. One of the species' greatest threats is the gradual drying out of the Socotra Archipelago, which has been an ongoing process for the last few hundred years. This has resulted in non flourishing trees, and the duration of the mist and cloud around the area seems to also be decreasing. Increasing arid environments is predicted to cause a 45 percent reduction in the available habitat for "Dracaena cinnabari" by the year 2080.
Additional threats to the dragon's blood tree include harvesting of its resin and use of the leaves to make rope. Presently some of the dragon’s blood trees have been used to make beehives. This was generally prohibited; this displays how the species may be threatened by a breakdown in the traditional practices of the island.
Conservation.
The unique flora and fauna of the Socotra Archipelago is considered a World Heritage Site a Global 200 Ecoregion. It is a Center of Plant Diversity and an Endemic Bird Area. It also lies within the Horn of Africa biodiversity hotspot. There are multiple efforts that are being developed to help create and support a sustainable habitat and biodiversity management programs on Socotra. The dragon’s blood tree is considered as an important species for commodity and for conservation efforts on the island. The dragon’s blood falls under an umbrella species. This is a species selected for making conservation related decisions, typically because protecting these species indirectly protects the many other species that make up the ecological community of its habitat. Species conservation can be subjective because it is difficult to determine the status of many species. Thus, the dragons blood protection efforts would also benefit many other plants and animals within the area.
The dragon's blood tree is given some protection from international commercial trade under the listing of all "Dracaena" species on Appendix II of CITES (3), but if its populations are to be effectively preserved, a variety of measures will need to be taken. These include urgent monitoring of the species' natural regeneration and the expansion of Skund Nature Sanctuary to cover important areas of the habitats. Also, efforts to avoid road construction in the dragon blood’s habitat, and limit grazing need to be brought to attention. Additional conservation efforts for the tree involve fencing against livestock, watering of seedlings in open areas, and involving local communities in planting seedlings.

</doc>
<doc id="21406373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406373" title="St. Paul's Church Rectory">
St. Paul's Church Rectory

St. Paul's Church Rectory, located a block west of Old St. Paul's Episcopal Church (formerly "Protestant Episcopal") is a historic Episcopal rectory located on steep "Cathedral Hill" at the northeast corner of Cathedral Street (which merges with Liberty Street, which becomes Hopkins Place and Sharp Street further south) and West Saratoga Streets in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. In the rear of the old rectory is a small alley-like extension of West Pleasant Street and to the east behind the Charles Street former residences and now commercial structures is another small alley extension of Little (or North) Sharp Street.
It is located on ground donated by Col. John Eager Howard (1752-1827), commander of the famed "Maryland Line" regiment of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War and was noted at the Battles of Brooklyn in New York, Monmouth in New Jersey, Guilford Courthouse in North Carolina, and the Cowpens in South Carolina and also former Governor of Maryland and U. S. Senator. He owned the large estate of "Belvidere" north of the town which was also known as "Howard's Woods", with his Georgian/Federal mansion located at the modern intersection of East Chase and North Calvert Streets (which was razed 1875, when Calvert Street was extended further north). Many land donations of his went to churches, schools and other public institutions as the town grew north. The land on which the Washington Monument sits with its four surrounding park-like squares which added so much character to the neighborhood and made Baltimore famous, came from his generousity. Plus after his death, his family descendents bought many townhouses and mansions on the newly platted grid of streets in the coming Victorian era and grew richer and more prosperous on the development rights in what became known as the Mount Vernon-Belvedere neighborhood.
Surrounded by a tall stone retaining wall around the remnants of the hill-top estate in the northwest which dominated the new small town as there were no houses between it and Long Street, (later Market Street - now West Baltimore Street). It is a three-story Late Georgian / Federal style brick building constructed between 1789 and 1791. The front facade features a bull’s-eye window in the peak of a dentiled pediment. A two-story extension was added to the west end of the Rectory in the mid-1830s. Leter known as the "Parsonage on the Hill", it is one of the oldest existing houses in the city with verifiable date of construction.
The original first church building had begun construction on Lot #19 of the "Original Survey of 1730" at Forest (now North Charles) Street and newly named Saratoga Street (after the turning-point victory of the Colonials at the Battle of Saratoga in upper New York State in 1777) . The lot extended as far south as New Church Street (modern East Lexington Street) and east to what was then called St. Paul's Lane, soon after the town was established in 1729 and the parish was moved from near Colgate Creek (later the site in the 1920's of the Harbor Field, municipal airport, later the Dundalk Marine Terminal of the Helen Delich Bentley Port of Baltimore) on the "Patapsco Neck" peninsula of southeastern Baltimore County and was completed nine years later as the first brick building in Baltimore Town. On the cliffs facing what was called Saint Paul's Lane overlooking the southwestward loop of the Jones Falls which veered towards the new courthouse on the Courthouse Square (now the location of the Battle Monument of 1815-27) in the present vicinity of North Calvert Street and East Lexington Street.
After only seven years since the completion of the four-year construction project of the parish's second brick building in front of the older one of 1739 and which had been dedicated by the rector, Dr. West on Whitsuntide/Pentecost, May 30, 1784, surrounded by the cemetery on the slopes above the Falls. The former structure's wooden bell steeple was erected in the center of the churchyard after it was torn down in November 1786. An illustration drawing/painting of the scene in the late 18th Century, is exhibited on the Baltimore City National Heritage Area historical exhibition pylon across the street from the present church at Charles Plaza of the Charles Center downtown redevelopment project of the 1960s.
Situated a block to the west, the House was originally built for the Rev. Dr. William West, rector of the church since June 7, 1779, and a friend and former neighbor of George Washington, but was completed after his death, March 30, 1791 and he never occupied it. After a lottery was held beginning in April 1788, "for the purpose of building a parsonage for the minister of the Protestant Episcopal congregation in Baltimore Town", 3,000 tickets were sold at $2.00 each, with prizes of $4,000 total, leaving $2,000 for the construction of the house. The managers of the lottery were: John Moale, John Merryman, Andrew T. Ennals, John Eager Howard, John Weatherburn, John Hammond, George Grundy, Dr. Darling, James Calhoun, Englehard Yeider, George P. Keeports, William Gibson, William McCreery, Thomas Hollingsworth, and Andrew Buchanan - all prominent citizens in the early years of the burgeoning town.
Previous to the construction of the Saratoga Street mansion, Dr. West resided in a parsonage located one block south of the church at the northwest corner of Forest (Charles) and New Church Street (later renamed West Lexington Street after the Revolution - future site of the early "skyscraper" of gray granite, Fidelity and Deposit Trust Company building of 1894, founded 1890 by future Gov.Edwin Warfield). Rev. Dr. West's home was one-story frame house with a "hip-roof" painted red and had a yard in front ornamented with trees and shrubbery, on the hilly edge of the settlement.
Used as a family residence by all of the rectors of Old St. Paul's since the summer of 1791 starting with West's successor minister, the Rev. Dr. Joseph J. G. Bend (who died November 1812) until the last occupant, The Rev. Fr. William McKeachie of England and his family in the early 1990s, when after some minor renovations and additional commercial re-wiring, it is now used by the Preservation Maryland, Inc. historical organization.
To the northwest of the Rectory at 309 Cathedral Street which is on the southeast corner with West Pleasant Street alley is "Saint Paul's House" which was built in the 1880s following the connection of Cathedral Street to the north with Liberty/Hopkins Place/South Sharp Streets to the south. This was enabled by the unfortunate, but necessary razing in 1883 to the west of the magnificent Greek Revival 1820's-era townhouse/mansion of A.S. Abell, founder and beginning of the Abell-Black family dynasty which owned and published The Baltimore Sun since 1837, one of the city's largest newspapers and influential from its early years in the nation.
To the east on Saratoga was the 1830s-era city townhouse of local merchant and financier Johns Hopkins (1792-1873) who died in the house by Little Sharp Street. It complemented his country estate in the northeast city of "Clifton" (which is still standing and located in middle of Clifton Park) which was to be the original site of the university that he provided for in his will. But it instead was temporarily located by his tructees along North Howard and West Centre Streets for fifty years. After being razed, unfortunately it was replaced by a very ugly, two-level, crumbling concrete parking garage in the 1950s, which is still an eyesore to the neighborhood.
It was the previous site in the late 18th and early 19th Centuries of "the Roman Catholic Congregation of Baltimore Town", founded 1770 and incorporated 1795 as St. Peter's Church and the first organized group of Catholics in the city. After the 1789 appointment of Father John Carroll as the first Roman Catholic bishop in America, and his subsequent return home after his ordination in England, he was installed in August 1790 in the now "St. Peter's Pro-Cathedral" as "the ordinary" (bishop) of what became known as "The Premier See", the Diocese of Baltimore. Later that year, St. Peter's Pro-Cathedral saw the meeting of the first synod of priests of the new national American diocese (along with Bardstown, Kentucky) and opening ceremonies for the newly established St. Mary's Seminary further to the northwest and the establishment later of its adjoining St. Mary's College. After the construction of Benjamin Henry Latrobe's "Old Baltimore Cathedral" (later the Basilica of the Assumption of Mary), constructed one block further north at Cathedral Street, between West Mulberry and Franklin Streets during 1806-1821; old, but important and historic St. Peter's Pro-Cathedral was unfortunately razed in 1841 along with its adjoining red-brick rectory, school and cemetery along West Saratoga and North Charles Streets, on the opposite corner of the third (1814/17-1854) of the four buildings of Old St. Paul's Parish.
"St. Paul's House" on adjacent Cathedral Street, was used for parish offices of the congregation and as a parish/social hall and after some commercial renovations in the mid-1990s, was additionally rented and sub-let to several religious and charitable organizations and a private attorney.
In the rear of the Rectory, to the north across the Pleasant Street alley is the unassuming backs of the fancy townhouses fronting along West Mulberry Street. In a back parlor, (facing the rear porches and yard of the Church's house) imbibing brandy and fine cigars, a group of three literate men in October, 1833 perused several manuscripts and decided on one that showed great mysterious promise. After that evening at civic leader John H. B. Latrobe's house (son of the famed architect Benjamin), joined by John Pendleton Kennedy and another, they agreed on "MS Found In A Bottle" to be published in the journal ""Baltimore Sunday Visitor"" launching the career of the mercurial Edgar Allan Poe.
Built in 1891-92, across Cathedral Street to the west from the historic Georgian/Federal House, the Odd Fellows order constructed a large five-story hall of red brick which was lovingly renovated preserving its historic features in the early 1980s and several offices were installed within. To its north, up the street sat the former boys high school in gray granite stone, run by the Christian Brothers as Calvert Hall College- founded 1845 and located here on the southwestern corner of Cathedral and West Mulberry Street from 1890 to 1960, when it was replaced by the white starkly modern Archdiocesan Building offices for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore since 1963.
Across the street from the Rectory for over seventy years was the famous "Rennert Hotel" on the southeastern corner of Saratoga with Cethedral-Liberty Streets. A massive triangular pile of bricks with turrets and flourishes, the Rennert was constructed in the 1870s and became the premier "hang-out" spot for local machine politicians. It was the site of a famous joyous celebration and photograph surrounding famed Baltimore writer/editor/columnist/author/linguist H. L. Mencken as he took the first drink in Baltimore of legalized beer after the repeal of Prohibition in 1933. The crusty old warren of a hostellery was torn down in 1941, and despite many re-development attempts, nothing has ever re-surfaced from its site as a parking lot for another seventy years. The Rectory however sits on the northern edge of the Charles Center project overlooking most of the starkly modernistic skyscrapers of the 1960s and 70s and its plazas, along with the former Baltimore Civic Center (now the 1st Mariner Arena). Before all the demolition began, West Lexington Street, one block south was the scene of Baltimore's tightly-compacted, earlier 20th Century entertainment district with over a dozen elaborate movie theatres and palaces stretched on the several blocks.
St. Paul's Church Rectory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 20, 1973, which is maintained by the U.S. Department of the Interior's National Park Service according to the Congressional "Historic Sites Act" of August 21, 1935. It is included within the Cathedral Hill Historic District which is in the southern part of the Mount Vernon-Belvedere neighborhood, north of downtown Baltimore, and the Baltimore National Heritage Area which is maintained by several private and governmental entities: the Baltimore City Heritage Area Association, Inc. (organized 2005), a local community-benefits district agency, the Baltimore City Commission for Historical and Architectural Preservation, Baltimore Heritage, Inc., Preservation Maryland, Inc. (which coincidentally has had its offices in the Rectory for the last decade), the Baltimore City Historical Society (founded 1998), and the Maryland Historical Society (founded 1844).

</doc>
<doc id="21406394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406394" title="Norwegian Support Committee for Western Sahara">
Norwegian Support Committee for Western Sahara

The Norwegian Support Committee for Western Sahara (, SKVS) is a Norwegian advocacy group.
It was established in 1993. It distributes information on the Moroccan occupation of Western Sahara, which it refers to as Africa's last colony. The organization supports the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, and thus pressures Morocco, directly as well as indirectly by opposing foreign investment in occupied Western Sahara, but has also pressured POLISARIO to release Moroccan prisoners-of-war.
According to the organization, they were the ones who nominated Sidi Mohammed Daddach for the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize in 2002, which he won.
The Norwegian Support Committee for Western Sahara is a member of the Norwegian Council for Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21406396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406396" title="12th Brigade">
12th Brigade

12th Brigade or 12th Infantry Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21406477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406477" title="Kallambalam">
Kallambalam

Kallambalam is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district, Kerala. Kallambalam Joints Varkala with National Highway 47.It is 41 km north from Thiruvananthapuram, 30 km south of Kollam city, 13 km West of Kilimanoor and 10 km East of Varkala
Varkala Sree Janardhanaswamy Temple is a very famous traditional temple nearby Kallambalam.
The blessed land of estuary and backwaters, Paravur is also nearby Kallambalam.
Geography.
It is located at .
In recent old days there were a stone rest place like bus stop.From this the name kallambalam came("kall" means stone in Malayalam).
Location.
Kallambalam is on the National Highway 47.It is near Varkala(10 km)and Attingal (11 km).Nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International AirportNearest Railway station is Varkala Sivagiri Railway Station.It is around 41 km north of Thiruvananthapuram City and 30 km south of Kollam City
External links.
kallambalam got ite name from a small temple which is made upof stones. Now the temple has vanished off during the development of kallambalam.
Navaikulam Sree Shankaranarayanaswamy Temple is a very famous traditional temple nearby Kallambalam, and the distance is around 1.5km only.

</doc>
<doc id="21406495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406495" title="George Joseph (banker)">
George Joseph (banker)

George Joseph is Chairman and non-executive Independent Director at Wonderla Amusement Park and Resort, non-executive independent director at Muthoot Finance and he is the Ex-Chairman & Managing Director of Syndicate Bank.
He took over as the Chairman & Managing Director on 2 August 2008. He joined Syndicate Bank in April 2006 as Executive Director.
Before joining Syndicate Bank he had worked with Canara Bank for 36 years. He joined Canara bank as a Probationary Officer in 1969 and had worked in its different centers viz, Bangalore, Chennai, Kerala, Srinagar, Mumbai, Delhi etc.
Also while with Canara Bank, he was the Chief Executive of the Exchange Company at Bahrain under Canara Bank management.
He is a first rank commerce graduate from Kerala University. He also ranked 1st among the Indian candidates and 11th in the AIB Examination (London) of the Institute of Bankers, London. He is also a Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Banking & Finance.
His term at Syndicate Bank expired on 30 April 2009
He is now on the Board of Directors at Muthoot Finance as a non-executive independent director.
George Joseph is also the Chairman and non-executive Independent Director at Wonderla Amusement Park and Resort. He was appointed as an additional Director on 27 June 2011 and as Director and Chairman on 12 September 2011. 
References.
http://syndicatebank.in/Contents/Syndbankworkspacepageunpublished1.aspx
http://www.muthootfinance.com/corporate/our-directors.html
http://wonderla.com/templates/wonderla/flash/rhp.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="21406500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406500" title="Sagabari">
Sagabari

Sagabari is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Gadougou I in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406512" title="Willow-Spence Streets Historic District">
Willow-Spence Streets Historic District

The Willow-Spence Streets Historic District is a neighborhood that lies east of downtown Austin, Texas. Its houses, churches, and commercial buildings were built in the early twentieth century. It is bounded roughly by Interstate 35 to the west, East César Chávez Street to the north, and Spence Street to the south. It extends a few houses east of San Marcos Street along Willow and Canterbury Streets. It thus includes portions of Willow, Spence, Canterbury, San Marcos, and Waller Streets. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Description and Significance.
According to the National Register, "the Willow-Spence Streets Historic District represents an unusually intact neighborhood of residences and compatible commercial and public buildings. Located largely on blocks and lots which were not finally platted and subdivided until after 1900, the residences in the District are architecturally intact for the most part; a number of them demonstrate fine craftsmanship and are among the best examples of vernacular building types which were once common in Austin after 1900, but which are rarely found in such large concentrations today. In a city where specific functions and services have been segregated from one another, the Willow-Spence Streets Historic District is a rare example of a neighborhood in which homes, businesses, and churches are fully integrated and architecturally compatible."
Although the historic district includes a few stores and churches, most of the buildings are single-family residential. The house at 81 Waller St. was constructed in the 1880s, but most were built between 1900 and the early 1930s. Most are simple, wood-frame cottages of late Victorian or Craftsman/Bungalow architecture. There is also a church, El Buen Pastor on Waller Street, that is Mission Revival in style.
History.
The surrounding neighborhood was first occupied by German, Scottish, Italian, Armenian, and other European immigrants. According to old phone books, these residents were bookkeepers, waiters, clerks, ice deliverers, dressmakers, Kodak finishers, carpenters, carriage painters, streetcar linemen, and horseshoers, as well as conductors, switchmen, engineers, and brakemen for the nearby railroad. Many residents took the streetcar to work in downtown Austin. The earliest homes were built of longleaf pine from Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana—a lovely red hardwood, unfortunately logged to extinction. Today the streets are shaded by pecan and oak trees as old as the neighborhood, which thrive in the rich soil of the Colorado River floodplain. The river last flooded the area in the 1930s.
In the 1920s and 1930s, Mexican Americans began to move into the neighborhood as downtown growth displaced them eastward. These changes were exacerbated in the 1950s when Interstate 35 severed East Austin from downtown, creating a cultural and sociological barrier. Many Anglo residents moved out, not only due to "white flight" but also because the city failed to upgrade the utilities and other infrastructure. However, some descendants of the original owners still live in the Willow-Spence historic district. In the 1970s and 1980s, a few Anglos began returning, drawn by the historic homes. This trend continues, but a lively Mexican-American culture prevails.
Future.
In 1999, the Willow-Spence Streets Historic District was included in the East César Chávez Neighborhood Plan. The plan, written by neighborhood residents and business leaders, noted the goal of maintaining the historic and cultural character of the neighborhood. This plan and its design guidelines were adopted as part of the city's comprehensive plan.

</doc>
<doc id="21406513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406513" title="BIS">
BIS

Bis is a prefix or suffix designating the second instance of a thing, thus preceding "ter". An example in recent modern usage is the ITU-T modem standard from the late 20th century, V.32"bis".
Bis can also refer to: 
BIS or B.I.S. may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21406514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406514" title="Gallé, Mali">
Gallé, Mali

Gallé is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Gadougou II in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21406521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406521" title="Russian All-People's Union">
Russian All-People's Union

Russian All-People's Union (Russian: Росси́йский общенаро́дный сою́з, abbreviation ROS) was a Russian nationalist political party, formed in October 1991, in 2001 it merged into Narodnaya Volya. Its leader was Sergey Baburin.
The organization was founded by Russian nationalist-oriented members of the CPSU (dubbed 'Russian platform of the CPSU'). It was launched on 26 October 1991 by Russian Supreme Soviet deputies of the faction 'Rossiya'. According to Nikolai Pavlov, one of the ROS leaders, the party was established as a 'patriotic and democratic' force with the aim of uniting parties of socialist orientation. Pavlov also claimed that they had similar positions with more centrist organizations, like the Cadet party of Mikhail Astafyev, Christian Democratic Party of Aksyuchits and the Democratic Party of Russia. However, one of the ROS member organizations in 1992 was the Stalinist "Russian Party of Communists", led by A.Kryuchkov. The ROS was part of the United Opposition and later National Salvation Front, arguably belonging to the 'FNS right'. Besides socialist tendencies, the ROS had connections with traditional Russian nationalists and monarchists and promoted pan-Slavist policies, including support for Serbia's expansion.
The party published newspaper "Vremya" (Russian: Time/Era). The ROS took part in the 1995 legislative election within the bloc "Power to the People!", led by Baburin and Nikolai Ryzhkov. It won 1.6% of votes, failing to pass the 5% barrier, the ROS nevertheless got nine seats, all from majoritarian districts. The party co-operated with other formations of nationalist-communist orientation, e.g. the Communist Party of Russian Federation, whose candidate Gennady Zyuganov (supported by the Russian All-People's union) was defeated on the 1996 presidential election by Yeltsin.
In 2001, the ROS joined with three other nationalist parties to form the Narodnaya Volya.

</doc>
<doc id="21406532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406532" title="Gary Go">
Gary Go

Gary Baker, known by his stage name Gary Go, is a British singer, songwriter, producer and visual artist who has played shows across Europe, USA and Australia; including tours with Snow Patrol, Lady Gaga, Take That and Mika.
His debut album "Gary Go" was released in 2009, spawning the hit single "Wonderful". The same year, Lady Gaga referred to Gary Go as "my favourite new artist this year" after performing a rendition of "Just Dance", inspired by his cover of the song.
Gary Go went on to collaborate with electro pioneer and Grammy Award winning DJ Benny Benassi, writing and performing three consecutive number 1 club records. One of them being the smash club crossover hit "Cinema", which rose rapidly to number 1 on the US Billboard and UK Club Charts. "Cinema" was awarded a Grammy Award through the remix by electronic music producer Skrillex. Artist and producer Kanye West referred to the track as “one of the greatest works of art ever made”.
In 2012, Gary Go released a videotape and original soundtrack entitled "Now Was Once The Future". The intimate short-film, written, directed and edited by Gary Go, chronicles
the end of a relationship and a journey of self-rediscovery.
According to his Twitter feed, Gary Go is currently in the studio, writing and producing new songs for release in 2014.
Biography.
Gary Go first came to attention in 2007, when his debut EP "So So... Ep" was picked up by a record producer in New Jersey, USA, with whom he later worked on his sophomore EP "The Diary of Rodney Harvey" inspired by the tragic tale of the promising actor. Following this he founded his own independent label and studio called The Canvas Room, based in London, and started writing and recording his debut album. The album was recorded in London, Prague and New York. It was released by Decca Records and promoted during a one-year performing tour.
Gary Go came to national attention in the UK in 2009 when it was announced that he would be the opening support act for the full Take That summer tour, which saw him playing twenty stadium concerts across the UK, including four at Wembley Stadium, within earshot of where he grew up. Tours with Lady Gaga, The Script, and Mika followed, as well as his first promotional tour of the USA, where a special bonus track version of his debut album reached number 3 in the iTunes Pop chart. Additionally, his debut single "Wonderful" was voted 'Best Pop Single of 2009' in the "iTunes (US) Rewind 2009" retrospective.
"Wonderful" caught the attention of Grammy-winning producer Benny Benassi who produced a remix and asked Gary Go to collaborate on his forthcoming record. The result was the smash club crossover hit "Cinema", which Benassi featured on his 2011 album for his "Electroman". The track, which was released by Ultra Records, was written by Gary Go and features his vocals.
"Cinema" rose rapidly to prominence, appearing at number 1 on the US Billboard Dance Airplay Chart and number 1 in the UK Club Chart. It went on to be a Top 20 in the UK Singles Chart and be awarded Gold and Platinum certifications in the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. "Cinema" was featured in the soundtrack for the blockbuster video game .
Innovation.
Twitter & iPhone.
Gary Go has gained publicity and broad international media attention for his innovative, unconventional use of technology and social media tools. He successfully used Twitter as a tool for collaborative songwriting, and has written songs and performed via the iPhone.
The track "The Heart Balloon" was conceived on the iPhone after uploading an image of a heart-shaped balloon entangled with a tree. Go then asked his Twitter followers to send in lyric suggestions. The track was given away as a download to raise money and awareness for the British Heart Foundation with all proceeds going to the charity.
Gary Go also did special performances at Apple Inc. shops in London and New York, where he performed tracks with the iPhone and described how he used it as a composition tool. Gary Go is also known for his occasional online cover versions of various popular tracks on YouTube including "Dreams" by TV on the Radio, and "The (After) Life of the Party" by Fall Out Boy.
"My First Twook".
In December 2011, Gary Go released his literary debut "My First Twook" — an illustrated collection of musings from his Twitter feed.
The book contains over 100 tweeted thoughts from the Twitter feed of Gary Go, that were colourfully brought to life in illustrations by designer Flo Chaplin. In Gary Go's own words: "these are random thoughts, observations, musings. With an analogue heart, I wanted to bring some of these thoughts into the real world. Why not? What if the internet gets deleted!?"
Limited edition copies of the book were given as a gift to artists performing at MTV Europe Music Awards in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21406537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406537" title="Istitut Ladin Micurà de Rü">
Istitut Ladin Micurà de Rü

The Istitut Ladin Micurà de Rü is a government-financed cultural institute in South Tyrol, Italy, tasked with preserving and promoting the Ladin language and culture.
Foundation and Name.
The institute was set up by the Autonomous Province Bozen - South Tyrol on 31 July 1976 and formally started its activity on 3 September 1977 in the Ladin village San Martin de Tor. The institute was named in honour of the Ladin linguist Micurà de Rü, who in 1833 published the first Ladin grammar ""Versuch einer deütsch-ladinischen Sprachlehre"".
The institutes main objectives are:
Today.
Today the institutes headquarters remains in San Martin de Tor and a branch has been opened in Sëlva in the Val Gardena. The institutes task is to preserve, protect and promote the Ladin language and culture. To achieve its aims the institute cooperates with numerous national and international universities and supports scientific projects that focus on the Ladin language or culture. Since its founding the institute has published over 230 books in various languages about the Ladin language and culture.
Currently the institute's main projects are:
Other activities include: information, consulting and translations services, Ladin teaching courses, organization of scientific conferences, concerts, theatre presentations and art exhibitions, support on doctoral thesis and publication of the annual scientific journal "Ladinia - sföi cultural dai ladins dles Dolomites".

</doc>
<doc id="21406540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406540" title="Dick Corbett">
Dick Corbett

Richard Coleman, better known as Dick Corbett (28 September 1908 – 3 March 1943), was a two-time British bantamweight champion. He was from Bethnal Green, London.
Boxing career.
According to his traceable fight record Corbett remained undefeated between 1926 (the year of his pro debut) and 1927. His first defeat was at the hands of future British flyweight champion, Bert Kirby. Dick fought and beat Willie Smith while defending the Empire bantamweight title. Dick fought and beat Johnny King for the vacant British bantamweight title and the Commonwealth (British Empire) bantamweight title, and would fight Johnny King a further four times. In their second bout Corbett lost his British and Commonwealth bantamweight titles to King, but he regained both titles in their third meeting. Their fourth and fifth fights were both draws and so left Corbett the title holder. Corbett also won the British (Southern Area) Featherweight Title by defeating Dave Crowley.
Coleman was one of 173 who died during the Bethnal Green Disaster during World War II. He was a younger brother of the British featherweight champion Harry Corbett.

</doc>
<doc id="21406542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406542" title="Sodium cyclopentadienide">
Sodium cyclopentadienide

Sodium cyclopentadienide is an organosodium compound with the formula C5H5Na. The compound is often abbreviated as NaCp or CpNa, where Cp− is the cyclopentadienide anion. Cp is also used as an abbreviation for the cyclopentadienyl ligand in coordination chemistry.
Preparation.
Sodium cyclopentadienide is commercially available as a solution in THF. It is prepared by treating cyclopentadiene with sodium:
Commonly, the conversion is conducted by heating a suspension of molten sodium in dicyclopentadiene. In former times, the sodium was provided in the form of "sodium wire" or "sodium sand", a fine dispersion of sodium prepared by melting sodium in refluxing xylene and rapidly stirring, was common. Sodium hydride is a convenient base:
In early work, Grignard reagents were used as bases. With a p"K"a of 15, cyclopentadiene can be deprotonated by many reagents.
The nature of NaCp depends strongly its medium and for the purposes of planning syntheses, the reagent is often represented as a salt Na+C5H5−. Crystalline solvent-free NaCp, which is rarely encountered, is a "polydecker" sandwich complex, consisting of an infinite chain of alternating Na+ centers sandwiched between μ-η5:η5-C5H5 ligands. As a solution in donor solvents, NaCp is highly solvated, especially at the alkali metal as suggested by the isolability of the adduct Na(tmeda)Cp.
Applications.
Sodium cyclopentadienide is a common reagent for the preparation of metallocenes. For example, the preparation of ferrocene and zirconocene dichloride:

</doc>
<doc id="21406557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406557" title="Ploteus">
Ploteus

PLOTEUS is an acronym of Portal on Learning Opportunities Throughout European Space, meant to connotate "πλωτηρ" (ploter) which means "navigator" in ancient Greek. It is a European Union web portal, coordinated by the European's Commission Directorate-General for education and culture, that aims to help citizens find out about education and training opportunities, throughout the countries belonging to the European Union, Switzerland, Iceland, Norway and Turkey, though the latter did not participate in PLOTEUS at its launch, as it was not a member of the Leonardo da Vinci programme yet. According to France 5, the portal offers an "easy access" to an "excellent source of information" from primary school to postgraduate education. PLOTEUS has been prioritised as a "project of common interest" by the European Commission (Commission Decision of 23 December 2002, article 8.2.c). The European Parliament and the European Council have confirmed in 2006 their "support for transnational web-based services such as PLOTEUS". The portal is run by the Euroguidance network, financed by the Leonardo da Vinci programme, and is interconnected with , the European Commission's portal on job mobility information. Both PLOTEUS and EURES are considered as examples of "pan-European services". After the launch of PLOTEUS and EURES in 2003, the Bologna process drive to favour student mobility in Europe wa further expressed in 2004 by the launch of the Europass program, which is accessible from the EURES portal, as well as PLOTEUS.
Genesis of the project (2000–2003).
The project was initiated in 2001, further to the conclusions of the Lisbon and Stockholm European Councils (March 2000 and March 2001), as part of the Bologna process, with the purpose to put into effect the right to freedom of movement for European citizens by providing the necessary information on learning opportunities called for by the Conclusions of the 2000 Lisbon Council and making national service inter-operable throughout Europe. It was developed by Atos. The total development cost was €849,000, while the yearly running cost was initially estimated at €250,000.
PLOTEUS I (2003–2005).
The portal was officially launched in March 2003 by Viviane Reding, the Commissioner for Education, Culture, Youth, Media and Sport, during an informal meeting of the ministries for education in Athens. According to the European Commissioner, the project "makes it easier to find the necessary information to study and train in another part of Europe" It provided information on education systems, qualifications, grants and tuition fees in the EEC countries. It also provided practical help on matters such as finding a place to stay, living costs, the legal aspects of studying abroad, taxes, and social security as well as facilitating exchange programmes and the process of moving from one Member State to another. In this first phase, the portal provided access to about 5,000 links available in 11 languages. Approximately 60,000 entries were registered by the end of 2003. People with disabilities were prioritised as a target group. At this stage, it did not directly provide information about single courses but pointed the user toward websites and/or databases, where the required information could be found. The disadvantage of this solution was that it required the user to access different websites with different user interfaces, and of course different classification systems, languages and educational models. In a report of January 2004, the European Commission stated PLOTEUS I was "only the first step, to be followed by a service which will offer citizens direct access to information on learning opportunities, by making national services inter-operable throughout Europe. After discussion with the competent national authorities, a tender has been launched and the development work will start early in 2004." The number of visits, estimated in June 2003 at between 1,500 and 2,000 per day, reached 60,000 per month in 2005. According to 2004 external evaluation, the PLOTEUS portal was considered by 2 thirds of the users "useful for their work". Nevertheless, according to a paper published in 2006, though "laudable in its aims to help citizens find out information about studying in Europe", the PLOTEUS portal "presents learners with a bewildering assortment of learning opportunities, each leading the enquirer to the vagaries of providers’ websites none of the information offered to learners is standardised or predictable, making it difficult to determine which goals can be reached by which routes". Another paper criticised the fact these "important instruments" did not exist everywhere and were not completely available in English.
PLOTEUS II (2006–2008).
The aim of the second phase was to make it possible to query directly the content of national databases through the interface of the European portal, and thus to obtain in PLOTEUS direct answers to specific queries about single courses. In order to interconnect national databases in the European portal, a common protocol was developed by member states, using clusterpoint. The site provided as of December 2006 more than 7,000 links to existing information resources in 31 countries and was available in 24 languages. As of 2009, it received, depending on sources, between 800,000 and over 1,000,000 visits per year. In 2010, its promotion was incorporated in the "Youth on the Move" campaign launched by the European Commission to extend opportunities for learning mobility to all young people in Europe by 2020. The EEC council recommendation of 28 June 2011 stated member states should "cooperate with the Commission to further develop and update the PLOTEUS portal on learning opportunities, namely by increasing the number of national information resources that citizens can directly access through the multilingual Ploteus interface".
Assessment.
According to a paper by Ignaco Criado in 2011, the PLOTEUS project is "one of the most relevant" example of "pan-European eGovernment services" developed during the last years in the EEC : it "has enabled the retrieval of comparable data from different national data sources, which required a common protocol for categorization approved by the Commission and member states. On the basis of the follow-up study of this program, an interconnection of national databases has been implemented using web services as a technical solution. Thus, data are updated at national level, and the PLOTEUS portal accesses national databases for information required to answer citizen requests". Another paper considers the project as an example of "convergence and europeanization of public administration". Nevertheless, another paper suggests PLOTEUS does not play an important role in students' decision-making process in case of exchange programs.

</doc>
<doc id="21406605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406605" title="Bytnica">
Bytnica

Bytnica (formerly German "Beutnitz") is a village in Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bytnica. It lies approximately north of Krosno Odrzańskie, north-west of Zielona Góra, and south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406626" title="Unplayed Piano">
Unplayed Piano

"Unplayed Piano" is a 2005 single by the Irish singer-songwriter duo Damien Rice and Lisa Hannigan. It was released in June 2005 and appeared in a total of six charts, spending a total of twenty-five weeks there. It spent twelve weeks in the Irish Singles Chart after entering on 23 June 2005, breaking into the Top 10 and achieving a peak of fourth position. It remained in fourth position for two weeks before falling to seventh position where it spent a further three weeks. The song peaked at number 24 in the UK Singles Chart and number 36 in the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles. "Unplayed Piano" was released on the DRM label and featured Rice's usual backing band of Vyvienne Long, Tom Osander and Shane Fitzsimons.
Background.
"Unplayed Piano" was released as a single by Hannigan and Rice to support the Free Aung San Suu Kyi 60th Birthday campaign which was running at the time. Aung San Suu Kyi is a Nobel Peace Prize winner who had been under house arrest in Burma for various periods from 2002 to 2010. She was previously placed under house arrest by the country's ruling military junta in the former capital, Yangon on 19 July 1989 under martial law that allows for detention without charge or trial for three years. She was released on 10 July 1995 but re-arrested on 23 September 2000. On 6 May 2002 she was freed after nineteen months but on 30 May 2003, following the Depayin she was held in secret detention for over three months before being returned to house arrest. Despite global protests in solidarity her detention was extended by the Myanmar military junta for one year periods in 2007 and 2008. She was finally released in 2010.
Rice was approached by the United States Campaign for Burma, which asked him to donate an existing song for their Free Aung San Suu Kyi 60th Birthday Campaign. Instead Rice constructed, "Unplayed Piano", and also scheduled a live show at the London Palladium to assist in increasing the public profile of the campaign. He also gave a rare interview to "The Independent" to highlight the issues which inspired the song, discussing his visit to Myanmar and confessing his prior ignorance of the situation there. He wishes not to be viewed as a political activist and is "no Bob Geldof... just a regular guy who has seen something that is wrong and is trying, in some small way, to help".
"The Independent" described "Unplayed Piano" as "a twinkly and beautiful thing". Rice is known for refusing to openly discuss the song after becoming incensed when a friend commented that it "didn't quite measure up to the clout of his earlier work". He insists that his other songs are more powerful because they originate deeper inside him.
Chart performance.
"Unplayed Piano" first appeared in the Irish Singles Chart on 25 June 2005 in fourth position where it remained for a second consecutive week. The day after it first charted in Ireland the song charted in the United Kingdom at number 16. The song peaked at number 24 in the UK Singles Chart dropping out of the Top 40 at number 39. It remained in the Irish Singles Chart charting at number 7 for three consecutive weeks before dropping to number 8 on 27 July 2005. In August it charted consecutively at number 12, number 14, number 15 and number 20. The song entered the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles on 9 July 2005 at number 36 before dropping to number 52 and number 81 in the following two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="21406647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406647" title="Central Finance and Contracts Unit (Turkey)">
Central Finance and Contracts Unit (Turkey)

The Central Finance and Contracts Unit (CFCU) (Turkish: "Merkezî Finans ve İhale Birimi") is a unit within the Undersecretariat of Treasury of the Prime Ministry of the Republic of Turkey. It was established by a Memorandum of Understanding which is signed between the European Commission and the Republic of Turkey on 14 February 2002 which was subsequently ratified by the Grand National Assembly of Turkey on the 29 January 2003.
The CFCU is taking the responsibility for the overall budgeting, tendering, contracting, payments, accounting and financial reporting aspects of all procurement in the context of the EU funded programmes in Turkey. As a central unit, the CFCU is operating as an independent body but is attached to the Secretariat General for EU Affairs of Turkey and the National Aid Coordinator of Turkey. 
The Central Finance and Contracts Unit is an integral part of the Turkish public administration that will take decisions autonomously under the responsibility of a Programme Authorising Officer (PAO). Although the CFCU is administratively linked (e.g. for logistic support) to the Undersecretariat of Treasury it is run independently.
The CFCU has the sole responsibility over the overall budgeting, tendering, contracting, payments, accounting and financial reporting aspects of the procurement of services, supplies, works and grants in the context of EU funded programmes in Turkey.
The CFCU ensures that the EU rules, regulations and procedures pertaining to the procurement of services, supplies, works and grants are adhered to and that a proper reporting system is functioning.
The CFCU advises the Senior Programme Officers (SPO) within the Line Ministries on EU external aid implementation procedures (e.g. procurement and contracting procedures), however, full responsibility for technical implementation remains with the SPO.
More specifically the CFCU, acting as the Contracting Authority, is entrusted with the following tasks:
Reporting.
Providing to the National Fund, for distribution to the NAC and EC Representation in Ankara, monthly reports covering the status of projects being implemented and the financial status of each programme
References.
Official Webpage of the CFCU

</doc>
<doc id="21406648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406648" title="Moai kavakava">
Moai kavakava

A mo‘ai kavakava is a small wooden figure of a standing, slightly stooped male with an emaciated body. 
These figures originate from Rapa Nui (Easter Island). The name "mo‘ai kavakava" is formed from "mo‘ai" for the monumental monolithic human figures found on Easter Island and the word "kavakava" meaning ribs. Little is known about the cultural context of these figures although they are generally considered to be representations of starving ancestors or demons. It is believed these figures were worn hanging around the neck of the men who took part in the ritual dances during public ceremonies.
German Expressionist Max Ernst was inspired by these figures and their rituals, and they can also be found in the collections of the French surrealist André Breton.

</doc>
<doc id="21406711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406711" title="Eet Kreef">
Eet Kreef

Eet Kreef is the first studio album by Johannes Kerkorrel and the Gereformeerde Blues Band. Released in 1989 on the now-defunct Shifty Records label, the album was a commercial success despite its tracks being banned from radio airplay by the South African Broadcasting Corporation. 
Track listing.
All tracks written by Johannes Kerkorrel, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="21406718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406718" title="Baltic Coal Terminal">
Baltic Coal Terminal

The Baltic Coal Terminal is a special purpose company operating a specialized coal terminal in the Free port of Ventspils, Latvia. 
Terminal.
The terminal project started in 2005. The construction permit was issued by the Ventspils City Council in July 2005. The coal terminal was officially opened on 24 November 2008. The main purpose of the terminal is to store and ship Russian coal to Western Europe and the USA. 
The Baltic Coal Terminal is the first closed-end coal terminal in the Baltic region. The terminal was designed by the Latvian company Ierosme, and the construction was carried out by Ventspils Tirdzniecības Osta-G. A new pier with two quays for coal handling was designed by the architect offices Veralux Ehitus and it was constructed by Latvijas Tilti. The terminal equipment was provided by Fam Мagdeburger Förderanlagen und Baumaschinen. The total amount of the investments made reaches €75 millions which includes bank financing as well as shareholders' investments. The bank syndicate included DnB NORD, Nordea, and UniCredit.
The annual capacity of the terminal is five million tons of coal. After the second building phase finished the terminal will be capable of letting through up to ten million tons of coal per year.
Company.
JSC Baltic Coal Terminal was incorporated in January 2005. The shareholders of JSC Baltic Coal Terminal are Latvian stevedore company Ventspils Tirdzniecības Osta (Ventspils Commercial Port) and the LLC Indteс Baltic Coal, a subsidiary of Indtec Finanse B.V. of Coal Company Zarechnaya, which owns Russian coal mine "Zarechnaya" of Kuznetsk Basin. The Chairman of the Board is Alexander Starikov and the Vice-Chairman of the Board is Valery Pashuta.

</doc>
<doc id="21406724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406724" title="U-Key">
U-Key

A U-Key is an implementation of the MIFARE RFID chip, encased in a plastic key style housing. It is used as a prepayment system on vending machines and for some self-service diving air compressors in Switzerland

</doc>
<doc id="21406728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406728" title="Thomas Edwin Blanton, Jr.">
Thomas Edwin Blanton, Jr.

Thomas Edwin Blanton, Jr. (born June 20, 1930) was convicted in 2001 of murder for his role as conspirator in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in 1963. The bombing killed four young African-American girls (Carole Robertson, Cynthia Wesley, Addie Mae Collins, and Denise McNair). Blanton was thirty-three years old at the time of the bombing. 
Early life.
Blanton is the son of Thomas Edwin "Pops" Blanton, Sr., who was a notorious racist in the Birmingham, Alabama area. Blanton was born on the same day as Bobby Frank Cherry, one of his co-conspirators.
Trial and imprisonment.
Blanton was convicted of murder in 2001 and sentenced to life in prison, with the eventual possibility of parole. 
He is housed at St. Clair Correctional Facility in Springville, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="21406733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406733" title="Ryan Brougham">
Ryan Brougham

The Ryan Brougham was a small single-engine airliner produced in the United States in the late 1920s and early 1930s. Its design was reminiscent of the M-1 mailplane first produced by Ryan in 1926, and like it, was a high-wing, strut-braced monoplane of conventional design.
Design and development.
Unlike the M-1, however, the Brougham had a fully enclosed cabin for the pilot and four passengers. The Brougham prototype was derived from the later M-2 and was powered by a 150 hp Hisso engine. Originally priced at $12,200, the price was reduced to $9,700 when fitted with a Wright J-5, and $5,750 with Hisso. One Brougham was fitted with floats. The only common parts between the famous "Spirit of St. Louis" and the first Ryan B-1s were the tail surfaces and a few of the wing fittings. Later B-1 Brougham production versions had no common parts.
Operational history.
The first production B-1 Brougham was ordered by a local hotel owner, but was delivered instead to well-known pilot Frank Hawks and was named "The Gold Bug".
Charles Lindbergh had come to the factory to examine that first B-1, but had instead ordered a completely new aircraft to his specifications. He used the Ryan NYP "Spirit of St. Louis" on his record-breaking transatlantic flight of 1927. Hawks renamed his B-1 "Spirit of San Diego" and flew to Washington with his wife to greet the triumphant Lindbergh. In the ensuing glare of publicity, Hawks was hired by the Ryan Aircraft company to be its official representative.
With the public idolizing Lindbergh, Hawks toured the country, selling rides in the aircraft "like Lindy flew." His "Spirit" was actually painted gold, but looked the part to the public. Another reason for the success of the Brougham was its performance at the 1927 National Air Races in Spokane, Washington where Hawks, who had obtained a contract with Maxwell House Coffee, with the now renamed "Miss Maxwell House" came in first for speed in the Detroit news Air Transport Speed and Efficiency Trophy Race. Later, at the 1928 Ford Tudor Reliability Trial and Air Tour, Hawks placed sixth in "Miss Maxwell House".
Hawks popularized the type, which stimulated demand among small airlines and charter operators. The Brougham not only sold well in the domestic market, but was exported to China, Guatemala, Mexico and Salvador. Production peaked at 20 per month but was eventually halted by worsening economic conditions in the United States that led to the sale of the Ryan factory in October 1930.
The 'Aotearoa'.
Lindbergh's successful trans-Atlantic flight led to a slightly modified Ryan Brougham being ordered for the first attempted trans-tasman flight between Australia and New Zealand. Named 'Aotearoa', the Māori name for New Zealand, and crewed by New Zealanders John Moncrieff and George Hood the aircraft left Richmond, near Sydney on the 10th of January 1928, on a flight expected to take about 14 hours. Radio signals were heard from the 'Aotearoa' for 12 hours before abruptly ceasing. The aviators failed to arrive in New Zealand, and no trace of them or their aircraft has ever been found.
Surviving aircraft.
As of 2001, only four complete Broughams were preserved, one at the San Diego Air & Space Museum, and the other three were modified to look like the "Spirit of St. Louis" for the 1957 movie starring Jimmy Stewart as Charles Lindbergh. One of the movie Ryans is at the Cradle of Aviation Museum. The second movie Ryan is at The Henry Ford Museum. The third movie Ryan was hanging in the Terminal 1 at Lambert Field, St. Louis, Missouri when it was removed in 1998. Over the next few years, restoration work continued on another three aircraft, one owned by the Yanks Air Museum and two by Scott Gifford of Hood River, OR. One of the later two Broughams features modifications made in September 1927 to accommodate the transport of MGM mascot "Leo the Lion" on a transcontinental flight; many of its passenger cabin fittings were removed to make room for Leo's cage . Although this aircraft subsequently crashed en route, neither the pilot nor Leo were injured.
Operators.
"Data from:" Munson 1982a, p. 129.

</doc>
<doc id="21406734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406734" title="Lyrocladius">
Lyrocladius

Lyrocladius is a genus of chironomid midges that belongs to the subfamily Orthocladiinae and is composed of a single species, "Lyrocladius radulatus" Mendes et Andersen (2008), described from Brazil. The genus is known from male adult stage only. This species is known from the States of Paraná and Rio de Janeiro along the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. 
The types/biological type of the known species are housed in São Paulo, Brazil and Bergen, Norway.
The etymology of the genus is from the Greek "lyre", meaning lyre, referring to the shape of the anal point; "cladius" stands as a common ending among Orthocladiinae.

</doc>
<doc id="21406748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406748" title="103rd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion">
103rd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion

103rd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion (abbreviated s.SS-Pz. Abt. 103) was originally formed on 1 July 1943 as the II.Battalion, 11 SS Panzer Regiment and sent to Yugoslavia to fight as infantry, however, at the end of November, the battalion was converted back to the Tanks.
The Battalion was then issued six Tiger I tanks in February for training, but then ordered to give them to another unit in March 1944. Another six Tiger Is arrived at the training grounds on 26 May and four more in August. On 20 October, all ten Tigers were given to the training unit and the 103rd was outfitted with the Tiger II before being ordered to the Eastern Front, as part of the III (Germanic) SS Panzer Corps. On 14 November 1944 the 103rd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion was Redesignated 503rd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion (abbreviated s.SS-Pz. Abt. 503). The 503rd had a total of 39 (instead of the full complement of 45) Tiger IIs and was loaded on to trains on 27 January 1945, and sent to the Eastern Front in the Army Group Weichsel sector. By 15 April 1945, the 503rd reported a total of 12 Tiger IIs, of which 10 were still operational. 
Combat History.
The (103rd/503rd) SS Heavy Panzer Battalion over its history lost 39 tanks destroyed 500 enemy tanks a kill ratio of 12.82.
Knight's Cross recipients.
There were four members of the Battalion awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21406768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406768" title="KWHS-LD">
KWHS-LD

KWHS-LD, channel 51, is a low-powered television station serving Southern Colorado. Its city of license is Colorado Springs, Colorado, serving the Colorado Springs-Pueblo market as a LeSEA owned-and-operated station. The station, which signed on the air in 1992 and maintains a studio in Colorado Springs, was previously a semi-satellite sister of KWHD in Denver, Colorado. Both outlets shared the same programming with some exceptions. (KWHD is now KETD, carrying Estrella TV; the station does still operate a subchannel carrying a LeSEA-produced schedule that remains identical to that of KWHS.)

</doc>
<doc id="21406770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406770" title="The Parting of Lot and Abraham (Santa Maria Maggiore)">
The Parting of Lot and Abraham (Santa Maria Maggiore)

The Parting of Lot and Abraham is one in a series of mosaic scenes, probably dating to the 430s, that decorate the nave wall of Santa Maria Maggiore, one of the most prominent basilican churches in Rome. The mosaic shows the story in the biblical Book of Genesis of the parting of Abraham from his nephew, Lot, as they choose opposing paths. Abraham (on the left) with Isaac and the rest of his family, chooses the road to Canaan, 
as God intends him to, and Lot chooses to take his followers to Sodom.
The work is a tessera mosaic, tessera describing the material making up the surface of the work. Most tessera works during this time would be made up of small pieces of limestone or marble, cut to shape, and arranged by the artist.
The artist uses several conventions of the time. The grouping of the characters is varied, meant to create the illusion of space. This "shorthand" way of depicting a crowd is sometimes called a "head cluster". There is a hieratic abandonment of consistent and realistic proportions and scale, allowing the artist to put emphasis on the characters of his choosing using attributes like size. The main characters we are intended to focus on are made extremely clear through this method, and the picture itself becomes less illustrative and more symbolic. Eventually this style comes to a refined maturity during the Middle Ages. The move towards completely two-dimensional representative images has already started, and although this mosaic implements the use of lights and darks, with shadows corresponding to the figures, there is a good indication as to what direction religious art is heading.

</doc>
<doc id="21406784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406784" title="Górzyca, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Górzyca, Lubusz Voivodeship

Górzyca () is a village on the Oder river in Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border at Reitwein. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Górzyca. It lies approximately north of Słubice and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
The village has a population of about 2,000.
History.
The settlement in Lubusz Land was first mentioned in a 1252 deed and in 1276 became the episcopal see of the Bishops of Lebus, who had fled from the Ascanian margraves of Brandenburg, and the site of a sanctuary of Blessed Virgin Mary. Upon the extinction of the Ascanian dynasty, the Wittelsbach margrave Louis I of Brandenburg during his fight against King Władysław I the Elbow-high of Poland in 1325 had the church and town destroyed. The episcopal see was officially abolished in 1346.
Then part of the Brandenburgian "Neumark" region, the sanctuary remained a pilgrimage site until the Protestant margrave John of Brandenburg-Küstrin had the relic removed and the chapel was demolished by the citizens of nearby Drossen. Destroyed by a blaze in 1757, Göritz and its church were rebuilt by the Prussian authorities; it received town privileges in 1808. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406787" title="Laski Lubuskie">
Laski Lubuskie

Laski Lubuskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406789" title="Ługi Górzyckie">
Ługi Górzyckie

Ługi Górzyckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406790" title="Owczary, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Owczary, Lubusz Voivodeship

Owczary (formerly German "Oetscher") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately south-west of Górzyca, north of Słubice, and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406791" title="Pamięcin, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Pamięcin, Lubusz Voivodeship

Pamięcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately south of Górzyca, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406792" title="Radówek">
Radówek

Radówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately south-east of Górzyca, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406793" title="Spudłów">
Spudłów

Spudłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately east of Górzyca, north-east of Słubice, and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406794" title="Stańsk">
Stańsk

Stańsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately east of Górzyca, north-east of Słubice, and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406796" title="Żabczyn">
Żabczyn

Żabczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406797" title="Żabice, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Żabice, Lubusz Voivodeship

Żabice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406798" title="Sam Everett">
Sam Everett

Samuel Charles Everett (17 June 1901 – 10 October 1970) was an Australian cricketer who played first-class cricket for New South Wales from 1921 to 1930.
Everett was born in Sydney and educated at Newington College (1917–1918). A right arm fast medium bowler and left-handed batsman for Petersham Cricket Club, Everett took 134 wickets at first-class level at an average of 27.11 runs per wicket. He was chosen as part of the Australian squad to tour in England in 1926 but illness and poor form meant he missed selection for the Test matches.
His best bowling figures, 6/23, was taken against Queensland in January 1930; the same match that Donald Bradman scored his then record 452.

</doc>
<doc id="21406805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406805" title="Victorian Railways W class (diesel-hydraulic)">
Victorian Railways W class (diesel-hydraulic)

The W class are a diesel-hydraulic shunting locomotive ordered and operated by the Victorian Railways of Australia. In 2006 locomotive W241 was used to haul the 4D train to the scrapyard, with W241 and W244 also operated in revenue service by El Zorro on works trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21406812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406812" title="Grabno, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Grabno, Lubusz Voivodeship

Grabno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ośno Lubuskie, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406813" title="Gronów, Słubice County">
Gronów, Słubice County

Gronów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406815" title="Kochań">
Kochań

Kochań is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406819" title="Lipienica, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Lipienica, Lubusz Voivodeship

Lipienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406821" title="Lubień, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Lubień, Lubusz Voivodeship

Lubień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ośno Lubuskie, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406822" title="Podośno">
Podośno

Podośno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately west of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406826" title="Połęcko, Słubice County">
Połęcko, Słubice County

Połęcko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately south of Ośno Lubuskie, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406827" title="Radachów">
Radachów

Radachów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, and south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406828" title="Rosławice">
Rosławice

Rosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406829" title="Sienno, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Sienno, Lubusz Voivodeship

Sienno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately west of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406832" title="Smogóry">
Smogóry

Smogóry (formerly German "Schmagorei") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately east of Ośno Lubuskie, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406834" title="Świniary, Słubice County">
Świniary, Słubice County

Świniary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406835" title="Trześniów, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Trześniów, Lubusz Voivodeship

Trześniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ośno Lubuskie, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406836" title="Wysokie Dęby">
Wysokie Dęby

Wysokie Dęby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406842" title="Drzeńsko">
Drzeńsko

Drzeńsko may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="21406843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406843" title="Drzeńsko, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Drzeńsko, Lubusz Voivodeship

Drzeńsko (formerly German "Drenzig") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rzepin, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406844" title="Gajec, Poland">
Gajec, Poland

Gajec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately west of Rzepin, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406846" title="Jerzmanice">
Jerzmanice

Jerzmanice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406847" title="Kowalów, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Kowalów, Lubusz Voivodeship

Kowalów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rzepin, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,000.
History.
The oldest surviving document from the village Kowalów 1405, but the village had already been founded in the thirteenth century, as evidenced by the historic church from the late roman period 1250-1270. The village was the center of an estate owned until 1945 was the family of von Kaphengst-Kohlow.
February 2, 1945 the village was occupied by Soviet troops, which in April submitted her Polish administration. Existing inhabitants were dispossessed and deported to Germany.
After the introduction of the Poles held here municipality aggregate, while the current evangelical church devoted to the Roman Catholic Church 29 June 1945 year. August 12, 1945 opened a primary school, giving it the name of the German anti-Fascist Fighters and in 2009 it became the new patron of Janusz Korczak. In 1946 he founded the first Kowalowie County Municipal Cooperative "Peasant Self-Help."
In the years 1945-1954 and 1973-1976 the area was the seat of the municipality Kowalów. In the years 1954-1972 the village was the seat of the National Council district. In the years 1975-1998 the area administratively belonged to the population of Gorzow.
Transport.
Road transport
Kowalów is located on two provincial roads: 137 Slubice-Kowalów-Miedzyrzecz-Trzciel and 139 Górzyca-Kowalów-Rzepin-Debrznica.
Rail transport
In Kowalowie is Kowalów station, which is located on the railway line No 273 Nadodrzance connecting Wroclaw Central from the Szczecin Square.
Direct rail connections make it possible to reach all points on the line. Only stop passenger trains REGIO.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406848" title="Lubiechnia Mała">
Lubiechnia Mała

Lubiechnia Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406849" title="Lubiechnia Wielka">
Lubiechnia Wielka

Lubiechnia Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north of Rzepin, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406850" title="Maniszewo">
Maniszewo

Maniszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406851" title="Joshua Bostock">
Joshua Bostock

Joshua "Josh" Bostock () is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, playing at club level for Balmain Tigers, Wakefield Trinity, and Oldham Roughyeds, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Josh Bostock played Left-, i.e. number 5, and scored two tries in Wakefield Trinity's 24-22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on 26 September 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21406852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406852" title="Nowy Młyn, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Nowy Młyn, Lubusz Voivodeship

Nowy Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406853" title="Radów">
Radów

Radów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rzepin, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406855" title="Rzepinek, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Rzepinek, Lubusz Voivodeship

Rzepinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately south of Rzepin, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406856" title="Serbów">
Serbów

Serbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north of Rzepin, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406859" title="Starków, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Starków, Lubusz Voivodeship

Starków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rzepin, north-east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406860" title="Starościn, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Starościn, Lubusz Voivodeship

Starościn (formerly German "Friedrichswille") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rzepin, east of Słubice, south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and north-west of Zielona Góra.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland immediately after World War II").
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406862" title="Sułów, Lubusz Voivodeship">
Sułów, Lubusz Voivodeship

Sułów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406864" title="Zielony Bór">
Zielony Bór

Zielony Bór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21406866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406866" title="Song of Bernadette (song)">
Song of Bernadette (song)

Song of Bernadette is a song written by Jennifer Warnes, Leonard Cohen and Bill Elliott, and first recorded on Jennifer Warnes' 1986 album "Famous Blue Raincoat". The title refers to Bernadette Soubirous, a young French girl in the mid-19th century who claimed to have seen the Virgin Mary on several occasions. She was canonized by the Catholic Church and proclaimed Saint Bernadette after her death.
Warnes was inspired to write the song on a bus trip near Lourdes:
The song was later covered by Bette Midler and opened her album "Bathhouse Betty".
The title is derived from the novel "The Song of Bernadette", by Franz Werfel.

</doc>
<doc id="21406872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406872" title="Garen Casey">
Garen Casey

Garen Casey is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, playing at club level for Parramatta Eels, Penrith Panthers, Wakefield Trinity, and Salford City Reds, as a , , i.e. 3 or 4, 6, 7, or 13.
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Garen Casey played , i.e. number 6, and scored a try and two goals in Wakefield Trinity’s 24-22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on Saturday 26 September 1998.
Casey attended Fairfield Patrician Brothers,a renowned rugby league high school and starred at 5/8 against Harristown State High(Qld) in the 1992 Commonwealth Bank Cup Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="21406874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406874" title="Teater Momentum">
Teater Momentum

Teater Momentum is a small theatre in Odense, Denmark.
Its location is at Ny Vestergade 18. The theatre itself was established in 2005 and it only features shows which are under the branch of modern drama. Teater Momentum receives public funding from the municipality of Odense and the Ministry of Cultural Affairs. The structure of the theatre is special as every season is different from the preceding one. Every new season, a new team of actors and an artistic director will take over the production of the plays shown at the theatre. Furthermore, the ensemble have to fulfill some goals set forth by the theatre's Artistic Committee. One of their objectives could be to develop a play containing the values friendship or current media situation. Because the team only have one season to deliver their vision of a new, innovative theatre, it is a different and exciting experience and a challenge as well for them. This type of theatre was established with the season of 2007/2008 called Volume 1. 
Volume 1.
This season ran from 2007/2008 and the artistic director for this season was Moqi Simon Trolin. The actors he had at his disposal were: Jesper Riefensthal, Ernesto Piga Carbone, Marie Vestergård Jacobsen and Iben Dorner; their partnership resulted in three shows where the main theme in the first was solidarity, the next was about the company in general and the last performance was about fear. All of the three shows were related to Odense.
Volume 2.
Kamilla Bach Mortensen was the artistic director of season 2008/2009 and for the task ahead the actors Gry Guldager Jensen, Jakob Bjerregaard Engmann og Mikkel Løvenholt Reenberg helped her fulfill her goal. The three performances of the season contained the themes of friendship, a Christmas cabaret/musical which had to feature forbidden love and the last one had to be authored by a foreigner who does not live in Denmark. To find the last play, Teater Momentum arranged an international competition where the winner was the prize winning Norwegian author Arne Lygre. However, the play was written for four persons so Mia Lerdam was added to the team as the fourth member.
Teater Momentum: Not just a theatre.
Other activities at Teater Momentum include Momentum Weekend, where such things as bands and poetry slam take the stage. The music is very versatile; if you can't find it anywhere else, you can find it at Momentum. Also, another unique feature about Teater Momentum is their green policy. You can only buy organic beer, cider, sodas, smoothies and coffee in the bar.
Other information.
Christian Eiming was hired by Teater Momentum in September 2008. Among other things he has an education as a dramaturgist at the University of Aarhus. 
Teater Momentum's Board of Directors:

</doc>
<doc id="21406882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21406882" title="Bobrówko">
Bobrówko

Bobrówko may refer to the following places:

</doc>
