<doc id="21489362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489362" title="1995 Louis Vuitton Cup">
1995 Louis Vuitton Cup

The 4th Louis Vuitton Cup was held in San Diego, United States in 1995. The winner, Team New Zealand, went on to challenge for and win the 1995 America's Cup.
The teams.
Originally ten challengers from seven nations submitted bids to compete for the 1995 Louis Vuitton Cup. However Il Moro di Venezia collapsed after the death of its director Raul Gardini. The Challenger of Record Committee then eliminated a Russian bid after it missed several deadlines and the French challenge representing Yacht Club d'Antibes withdrew even though its yacht "Harmony" was almost completed.
Team New Zealand.
Team New Zealand represented the Royal New Zealand Yacht Squadron and was headed by Peter Blake. The skipper was Russell Coutts and the crew included Brad Butterworth, Tom Schnackenberg, Murray Jones and Craig Monk. The team was the first challenge from the Royal New Zealand Yacht Squadron but built on the work of three previous challengers since 1987. Co-designed by Doug Peterson and Laurie Davidson, their boat showed a significant jump forward in speed. In sea trials against New Zealand's 1992 entry, NZL-20, a very good boat at the 1992 Cup, the new black boat easily outpaced it. Recalled boat Doug Peterson, "That first day Brad Butterworth came back and said, 'My god, it's like a different class of boat.' " The team finished with an official record of 41-2 and led 93% of the 260 legs it competed in.
One Australia.
One Australia was skippered by John Bertrand, the winner of the 1983 America's Cup. The syndicate won the 1994 IACC World Championship with AUS-31. AUS-35 was then constructed through a partnership agreement with the Australian Challenge - a deal that, it was claimed, violated the two boats per syndicate rule. However the boat was allowed to compete in the 1995 Louis Vuitton Cup. She performed well until halfway through its match race of 5 March 1995, when it suddenly broke in half in heavy seas and sank within two minutes. She was the first America's Cup contender ever (144 years) to lose a match race by shipwreck. The crew survived, and reverted to their second boat, AUS-31 for the rest of the regatta. They still made the Louis Vuitton Cup final, where they lost to Team New Zealand 5-1.
Sydney 95.
The Syd Fischer challenge from Sydney, this was Fischer's fourth America's Cup entrant. The team made frequent changes to its afterguard during the Cup and finished with a 19-5 record, finishing last on points.
Spanish Challenge.
"Copa America '95 Desafio Español" was the last team to arrive in San Diego. The team was restrained financially and could not build on the 1992 campaign. The team only had one boat, ESP-42, and finished with a 3-21 record.
France America 95.
From Yacht Club de Sete and skippered by Marc Pajot, France America '95 failed to live up to expectations in 1995. "France 2" (FRA-33) was damaged while it was being launched in December 1994 and then the keel fell off in February while it was testing a new sail. "France 3" (FRA-37) was then demasted in the last round robin. The crew included Bertrand Pace.
Nippon Challenge.
Nippon Challenge built on the 1992 campaign to enter two teams in the 1994 IACC World Championships and have a strong team in the 1995 Cup. Nippon had a 9-9 record sailing with JPN-30 before finishing the round robin in JPN-41 with a 2-4 record. Nippon Challenge then went 0-11 in the Semi finals to finish with an 11-24 overall record. The helmsman was John Cutler.
Tag Heuer Challenge.
Tutukaka Challenge was run on a shoe string budget that saw the team nearly not make it to San Diego until the intervention of Tag Heuer. The team was led by Chris Dickson and the crew included Peter Lester, Mike Sanderson and Denis Kendall. The team finished with a 24-12 record, making the semi-finals
Round robin.
Four round robin series (RR1-RR4) were held. During Round Robin 1 a team scored 1 point per win, during RR2 a team scored 2 points per win, during RR3 a team scored 4 points per win and during RR4 a team scored 5 points per win.

</doc>
<doc id="21489369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489369" title="Pleurothallis montipelladensis">
Pleurothallis montipelladensis

Pleurothallis montepelladensis is a species of orchid from Brazil first described by Frederico Carlos Hoehne in 1929. "Specklinia montipelladensis" is a synonym.

</doc>
<doc id="21489373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489373" title="BGIA">
BGIA

BGIA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489383" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre individual medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 200 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Saturday 1998-01-17 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489388" title="Pleurothallis oxapampae">
Pleurothallis oxapampae

Pleurothallis oxapampae is a species of orchid from Peru first described by Hugo Gunckel Lüer in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21489407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489407" title="An Act to amend the Criminal Code (protection of children and other vulnerable persons) and the Canada Evidence Act">
An Act to amend the Criminal Code (protection of children and other vulnerable persons) and the Canada Evidence Act

Bill C-2, "An Act to amend the Criminal Code (Protection of Children and Other Vulnerable Persons) and the Canada Evidence Act" was a bill tabled in Canada's legislature in 2004 and passed in 2005. The act amended several codes and clauses related to the consent of sexual acts, sexual offences, and child abuse. 
Bill C-2 amended Section 153 of the Criminal Code of Canada to additionally prohibit the sexual touching of a person under the age of 18 if they are "in a relationship with a young person that is exploitative of the young person", increased various penalties related to child abuse, made voyeurism an offence, and expands the definition of child pornography to include audio recordings and writings "whose dominant characteristic is the description, for a sexual purpose, of sexual activity with a person under the age of eighteen years."
Bill C-2 was initially read October 8, 200. After moving from the House of Commons to the Senate, after its first Senate reading on June 14, 2005 it was amended two days later, four days prior to its second Senate reading on June 20, where it was passed.

</doc>
<doc id="21489420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489420" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre individual medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 400 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Tuesday 13 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489430" title="National Highway 201 (India)">
National Highway 201 (India)

National Highway 201 (India) is an Indian National Highway entirely within the state of Odisha that links Borigumma in Koraput district and Bargarh. It spans a distance of 310 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21489431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489431" title="Edward C. Hugler">
Edward C. Hugler

Edward Charles Hugler (born February 7, 1950) is Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations in the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management, under United States Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis. That position has been his formal position at the United States Department of Labor since April 2000. However, he served as Acting Secretary of Labor from February 2–24, 2009, when Solis's nomination by President Barack Obama became bogged down during Senate confirmation hearings. He stepped down from the position when Solis was confirmed and sworn in as Secretary of Labor. 
As Deputy Assistant Secretary, Hugler oversees day-to-day operations in the Department's Business Operations Center, Civil Rights Center, and Human Resources Center, as well as its Information Technology Center.
From 1998 to 2000, he led the Department-wide Year 2000 transition, preparing systems in the Department's agencies for the year 2000, and managing associated contingency planning. He has also held posts in the Department's Mine Safety and Health Administration and Office of the Solicitor.

</doc>
<doc id="21489432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489432" title="Delta N">
Delta N

The Delta N or Thor-Delta N was an American expendable launch system used for nine orbital launches between 1968 and 1972. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets, and the last Delta to be given an alphabetical designation - subsequent rockets were designated using a four digit numerical code.
The Delta N consisted of two stages. The first stage was the Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, previously flown on the Delta L and Delta M. Three Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off. A Delta E was used as the second stage. If an increased payload capacity was required, six boosters were flown instead of three, in a configuration known as the Delta N6, or "Super Six". Three launches used the N6 configuration.
Delta N rockets were launched from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and SLC-2 at Vandenberg AFB. One of the launches, a Delta N6 with ITOS B, failed. The satellite was placed into an incorrect and unusable orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21489447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489447" title="Illorsuit Heliport">
Illorsuit Heliport

Illorsuit Heliport is a heliport in Illorsuit, a village on an island of the same name in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Uummannaq Fjord region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21489451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489451" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 400 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 400 metre individual medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 400 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Monday 12 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489461" title="Bhabanipur Shaktipeeth">
Bhabanipur Shaktipeeth

Bhabanipur () is a sacred site around Karatoyatat located about from Sherpur Upazila of Bogra District, Rajshahi Division, Bangladesh. It is one of the Shakti Peethas of the Indian subcontinent.
Deity.
The Bhabanipur Shaktipeeth is a place of worship consecrated to the Goddess Maa Bhabani. The Shakti devi here is called Arpana and the Bhairava is Vaman. The part of "Sati" Maa Tara's body fell at Bhabanipur could be left anklet (ornament), ribs of left chest, right eye, or bedding (according to various sources).
The Bhabanipur Shrine as a Shakti Peeth.
The Bhabanipur Shrine is highly revered as Shakti Peeth. "The mythology of Daksha yaga and Sati's self immolation and Shiva carrying the corpse of Sati Devi"is believed to be the origin of Shakti Peethas. Shakti Peethas are holy abode of the Mother Goddess. Each temple have shrines for Shakti and Kalabhairava. The Shakti of Bhabanipur shrine is addressed as "Arpana" and the "Bhairava" as "Vaman". It is believed that Sati Devi's Left anklet fell here. The pilgrimage shrine of Vysakha Mahotsavam, commemorating the Daksha Yaga is believed to be the place where Sati Devi self immolated.
Significance.
According to the "Mahabharata", in the "Satya Yuga", King Daksha arranged a ritual called "Yagna" in which her daughter Goddess Sati and Her husband Lord Shiva was not invited. Still Goddess Sati attended the function. Unable to bear the insult towards Her husband Lord Shiva, Goddess Sati protested by sacrificing Herself into the fire of the Yagna. Enraged with grief, Lord Shiva started the dance of destruction across the Universe with the corpse of Goddess Sati on His shoulder. To stop this, Lord Vishnu cut the corpse of Goddess Sati with the Sudharshan Chakra and as a result the various pieces of Goddess Sati's body and Her ornaments fell at various places of the Indian subcontinent. These places are now known as Shakti Peethas. 
Being a Shakti Peeth, Bhabanipur is a historic place of pilgrimage for the followers of Hinduism. There are numerous temples at this Shakti-peeth premises which are visited by pilgrims from all over the country and abroad, irrespective of sectarian differences.
Legend.
There is a legend saying that while once a conch-bangles dealer was passing by the side of a lonely pond in a dense jungle near the then Bhabanipur temple, a little girl with a tip of vermilion on her forehead approached him and told him that she was the daughter of the Natore Rajbari (Palace). She bought a pair of conch-bangles from him and requested him to collect the price of that bangles from the then Maharani Bhabani from a basket kept in the Rajbari at a specified place. Her appearance and polite words overwhelmed the conch-dealer. The Maharani (Queen) rushed to the place/site with her men and the conch-dealer as soon as she heard this from him. On the earnest prayer by the conch-dealer, Ma Bhabani raised from that pond showing her two wrists with the conch-bangles worn. The Maharani and the men present there were surprised, and the divinity of Mother Bhabani spread throughout this subcontinent. This is that sacred ""Shakha-Pukur"" (conch-bangles pond) where the devotees take their holy bath when they go there.
Temples.
Surrounded by a boundary wall, the Temple comprises about an area of four acres (12 "bighas") - Main Temple, "Belbaran Tala", 4 Shiva Temples, "Patal" Bhairava Shiva Temple, Gopal Temple, Bashudev Temple and "Nat Mandir". On the north side, there is a "Sheba Angan", Holy "Shakha-Pukur" (conch-bangles pond), 2 bathing "ghats", 4 Shiva Temples outside the boundary wall and a "Panchamunda Asana".
Worship, rituals and festivals.
Pravati and Balya Bhog worship and Anna Bhog at noon, and Arati and Bhog at evening. Devotees can offer Bhog to the divine mother "Tara" (Ma Bhabani) every day and take Prasad later.
Every year, festivals take place at the Bhabanipur Temple premises on auspicious occasions. They are:
Location and communication.
Devotees can go to Bhabanipur from Dhaka via Jamuna Bridge and after passing Chandaikona in Sirajganj District, they can reach Ghoga Bot-tola bus stoppage on the same highway from where they can reach the Bhabanipur Temple premises by availing themselves of van or scooter. Pilgrims from the districts located to the North of Bogra can reach the Bhabanipur Temple premises by passing through Sherpur, Mirzapur and Ghoga Bot-tola (bus stoppage) of Bogra district.
Temple management.
The Bhabanipur Temple Renovation, Development and Management Committee had been successfully supervising the temple activities and Ma Bhabani's properties from 1991 up until 2010. But because of misuse of ""Debottor/Arpito Sampotty Ain"" (Vested Property Act), a large portion of Ma Bhabani's properties are being illegally occupied by miscreants. Besides on 02/10/2004 during the regime of BNP-Jaamat coalition, a former publicity and publication editor of the committee, journalist Dipankar Chakrobarty was murdered, but his murderers have not yet been brought to justice. Moreover, on 13/02/2007 during the regime of the Caretaker Government, Combined Forces (Bangladesh Army) illegally destroyed the Guest House which was under construction by the committee for the devotees.

</doc>
<doc id="21489468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489468" title="Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund">
Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund

The Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund (English: German Nationalist Protection and Defiance Federation) was the largest, most active, and most influential anti-Semitic federation in Germany after the first World War, and one of the largest and most important organization of the German "völkisch" movement during the Weimar Republic, whose democratic-parliamentary system it unilaterally rejected. Its publishing arm put out some of the books that greatly influenced the opinions of those who later organized the Nazi Party, such as Heinrich Himmler, and after it folded many of its members eventually joined the Nazis. The bund's symbols were a blue cornflower and a swastika, and according to Peter Padfield its motto was ""Wir sind die Herren der Welt!"" ("We are the masters of the world!"). Not a single German source can be found which confirms this motto, which in fact is a verse from the song ""Der mächtigste König im Luftrevier"" (i.e. The mightiest king in the skies.) According to Ulrich Sieg the motto was "Deutschland den Deutschen" ("Germany for the Germans").
Origin.
The "Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund" was originally called the "Deutscher Schutz und Trutzbund" when it was founded in February 1919 in Bamberg for the purpose of "fighting" Judaism, during a meeting of the "Alldeutscher Verband" ("All-German League"). The director of "Deutschen Schutz und Trutzbund" was Alfred Roth, and its secret chairman was Konstantin von Gebsattel, appointed on October 1, 1919, by Ernst von Hertzberg Lottin. Their Advisory Board included, among others, Ernst Anton Franz von Bodelschwingh, August Gebhard, Paul Lucius, Ferdinand Werner, Julius Friedrich Lehmann, and Georg von Stössel. Their meeting place was originally in Duisburg, at Alfred Roth's house, but was later moved to Hamburg where it joined the amalgamation of several such other organizations. It merged with the "Reichshammerbund", and then, about one month later, merged with the "Deutschvölkischen Bund", the organization that succeeded the "Deutschvölkische Party".
Manifesto.
The manifesto of the "Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund" was "Wenn ich der Kaiser wär", written by Heinrich Claß, in which he expressed racist, nationalist views. His slogan was: "Germany for the Germans." Julius Friedrich Lehmann, a Munich publisher, helped promote their ideas, and in October 1918, Claß called for a coup d'etat. The organization agitated against the Weimar Republic; by 1923 it had just under 180,000 members.
Constitution.
An excerpt from the constitution of the "Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund"':
"The Bund fights for the moral rebirth of the German people . . . It considers the pernicious and destructive influence of Jewry to be the main cause of the defeat and the removal of this influence to be necessary for the political and economic recovery of Germany, and for the salvation of German culture. "

</doc>
<doc id="21489484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489484" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre individual medley">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre individual medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 200 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Friday 16 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489510" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre butterfly

The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 200 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Sunday 18 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489513" title="Jefferson School">
Jefferson School

Jefferson School may refer to:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21489520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489520" title="Brandon Voss">
Brandon Voss

Brandon Voss is a journalist and entertainment writer living in New York, NY, United States.
He is a contributing writer for The Advocate, a national gay news magazine, interviewing mainstream celebrities for the monthly "A-List" column. He also reviews New York theater for the monthly "Seat Filler" column on Advocate.com.
As a contributing writer for Playbill, he has interviewed celebrities such as Hugh Jackman, Paul Reubens, John Leguizamo, Edie Falco, Ben Stiller, Hunter Parrish, Samuel L. Jackson, Angela Bassett, Kathie Lee Gifford, and The Book of Mormon (musical) stars Josh Gad and Andrew Rannells.
In December 2006, it was reported that Voss was promoted from features editor to editor-in-chief of the now-defunct free New York-based LGBT weekly "HX Magazine". In September 2008, it was reported that Voss had stepped down from his position at "HX" after nearly four years with the publication to pursue freelance writing opportunities.
Voss's "Big Gay Following" interview with Adrien Brody sparked mild controversy: While some readers felt Voss's line of questioning was inappropriate, others felt that Brody lacked a sense of humor. DNA Magazine Online conducted a poll asking whether or not Voss "went too far."
Chris Evans (actor) famously "outed" his younger brother, soap star Scott Evans (actor), in a January 2009 "Advocate" interview with Voss.
Voss's August 2008 interview with Lady Gaga for "HX" was the pop artist's first cover story and the first interview in which she publicly discussed her bisexuality.
Voss received a notable amount of attention on the blogosphere for his exclusive "HX" interviews with Jason Preston, former rentboy and longtime boyfriend of fashion designer Marc Jacobs.
Personal.
Voss is from New Orleans, LA. He was born on February 16, 1978. He attended Tulane University, from which he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in theater, and where he performed in a number of stage productions.
He is sometimes confused with a New York party promoter with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="21489525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489525" title="4th Regiment">
4th Regiment

4th Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489529" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 100 metre butterfly

The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 100 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Thursday 15 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489535" title="Government of Zamboanga City">
Government of Zamboanga City

The Government of Zamboanga City, also known as the Zamboanga City Government is the local government unit in-charge of the City of Zamboanga. It is a mayor-council form of government supervised directly by the President of the Philippines and the Secretary of the Interior and Local Government.
The city government has three interdependent branches: the legislative branch, the executive branch, and the judicial branch. The powers of the branches are vested by the 1991 Local Government Code of the Philippines in the following: 
Legislative Department.
The legislative power of the city is vested in the unicameral Sangguniang Panglungsod. It is composed of:
The elected members can be re-elected but they may not run for a fourth consecutive term.
When a vacancy arises in the Sanggunian, the President of the Philippines shall appoint to fill in the vacancy. In case of vacancy in the representation of the youth and the barangay in the Sanggunian, the said vacancy shall be filled automatically by the official next in rank of the organization concerned.
Executive Department.
The executive power is vested in the Mayor. The current executive branch is headed by Mayor Maria Isabelle Climaco Salazar of the Liberal Party. He/she is elected by popular vote to a term of three years. The mayor can be re-elected but he/she may not run for a fourth consecutive term.
The second highest official, Vice-Mayor Cesar Iturralde is also elected by popular vote. The Vice-Mayor is first in line to succession if the office of the Mayor is vacant. He/she is the presiding officer of the Sangguniang Panglungsod.
The mayor is assisted in acting out his/her duties by the following:
Historical governments.
Republic of Zamboanga.
The Republic of Zamboanga's declared sovereignty lasted from May 18, 1899 until November 16, 1899, wherein its revolutionary government and chosen President, Vicente Álvarez, who led the liberation of the Zamboangueños from the tenuous grip of the retreating Spanish military, along with his victorious troops, exercised de facto sovereignty over administrative functions and military control within their new country territory and was not subordinate or subject to any other government or authority in the Philippines.
Álvarez proclaimed his new Republic of Zamboanga had rule over the entire islands of Mindanao, Basilan, and Sulu - effectively the entire southern Philippines. His claim was grandiose. In reality, the republic's sovereignty extended only over the existing premises of ancient Zamboanga, which can be estimated to be about the same size as present-day Zamboanga City is.
Under Moro Province.
On March 1903, Arquiza's government ended and was replaced by a new U.S. governor, also effectively ending the Republic of Zamboanga.
Zamboanga is made capital of consolidated Mindanao, Basilan,& Sulu Archipelago, after abolition of the Republic. The Moro Province had 5 districts: Sulu, Zamboanga, Lanao, Cotabato, and Davao.
City Mayors.
On recommendation of Governor John J. Pershing, the Legislative Council of the Moro Province passed on September 15, 1911, Act No. 272, converting the municipality of Zamboanga into a city with a commission form of government. Its municipal board consisted of a mayor and two commissioners.
On February 26, 1937, the City Charter of Zamboanga became effective and the new city government was inaugurated headed by a mayor appointed by the President of the Philippine Commonwealth.
With the passage of Republic Act No. 1210 on April 29, 1955, the position of mayor became elective and the post of vice-mayor was created.
Note: "The first column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as chief executive (either mayor or municipal president) of Zamboanga City, while the second column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as city mayor."
Municipal Presidents.
When the Department of Mindanao and Sulu replaced the Moro Province in 1914, the City was reverted to municipality status under the supervision of the province of Zamboanga.
Note: "The first column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as chief executive (either mayor or municipal president) of Zamboanga City, while the second column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as municipal president."

</doc>
<doc id="21489538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489538" title="6th Regiment">
6th Regiment

The 6th Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489541" title="Mark Easton">
Mark Easton

Mark Richard Erskine Easton (born 12 March 1959) is the Home Editor for BBC News broadcasting on national television and radio news. He has written and presented numerous current affairs programmes including "The Happiness Formula" on BBC2 in 2006 and "The Crime of Our Lives" for BBC Radio 4 in 2007. His first book, 'Britain etc.', was published in 2012. He also writes a blog for the BBC.
Early life.
Born in Bearsden, near Glasgow, Easton moved with his parents from Scotland to Winchester at the age of ten. He attended Peter Symonds Grammar School in Winchester. He is the son of Stephen and Fiona Easton.
Career.
Easton joined his local newspaper, the Southern Evening Echo, in 1979 having decided upon a career in journalism after winning a game of Waddington's "Scoop" aged 13. He worked at Radio Victory from 1980-1, at Radio Aire from 1981-2 and at LBC from 1982-6. 
In 1986, Easton joined the BBC as a reporter on "London Plus", "BBC Breakfast News", "Newsnight" and "Here and Now". In 1996, Easton joined the newly launched Channel Five as Political Editor for "Five News". Easton then moved in 1998 to "Channel 4 News" as Home and Social Affairs Editor. 
Since 2004 Easton has been the Home Editor of "BBC News" reporting across the Corporation's range of platforms. As an editor, Easton appears mainly on the evening bulletins, "BBC News at Six" and "BBC News at Ten", as well as BBC Radio 4 programmes including "Today". Easton also maintains a blog on the BBC News website.
Personal life.
Easton lives in Islington with his wife and four children.

</doc>
<doc id="21489542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489542" title="The Bachelor (season 5)">
The Bachelor (season 5)

The Bachelor (season 5) is the fifth season of ABC reality television series "The Bachelor". The season premiered on April 7, 2004. The show featured the first non-American bachelor, Jesse Palmer, courting 25 women.
Contestants.
The following is the list of bachelorettes for this season:

</doc>
<doc id="21489543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489543" title="8th Regiment">
8th Regiment

8th Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489548" title="National Highway 200 (India)">
National Highway 200 (India)

National Highway 200 (NH 200) is a National highway in India that connects Raipur, the state capital of Chhattisgarh to Chandikhole in Odisha. It covers a distance of 740 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21489553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489553" title="9th Regiment">
9th Regiment

9th Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489557" title="February 2009 tornado outbreak">
February 2009 tornado outbreak

The February 2009 tornado outbreak was a major tornado outbreak that occurred on February 10 and February 11, 2009. It affected portions of both the South Central United States and the Northeastern United States. During the two-day period, 15 tornadoes touched down in seven states. Oklahoma was struck by six tornadoes, the most of any state. The first day of the outbreak produced the most tornadoes; the second brought mainly high wind damage and rain or snow in most of the Northeast.
The storm system responsible for the tornado outbreak resulted from the unusual congruence of a cold, dry system, originating in the Four Corners and a warm, moist system, moving north out of Texas. Complicating factors included daytime heating and a strong wind field favorable to the creation of circulating thunderstorms. On the second day, the stronger cold front limited discrete supercell activity and the risk of tornadoes decreased significantly. A squall line, however, produced high winds and rain along the river valleys, primarily those of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers. This squall line continued to renew its energy as it passed through the Midwest, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, and New England, causing wind and water damage, and dumping of snow in central and eastern Massachusetts. The resulting power outages affected homes throughout the northeastern seaboard.
The most destructive of the weather events, an EF4 tornado now called the Lone Grove Tornado, traveled for nearly an hour through four counties in Oklahoma during the evening of February 10. It destroyed 114 residences in Lone Grove alone. Eight people died and 46 others were injured as a result of the Lone Grove Tornado. It was the deadliest tornado to hit Oklahoma since May 3, 1999 and the strongest tornado during the month of February in Oklahoma since 1950.
Meteorological synopsis.
February 10.
During the afternoon hours of February 10, 2009, a strong, middle and upper storm system moved across the Four Corners region into the central and southern Great Plains. A moist, low-level air mass streamed northward across Texas and Louisiana into eastern Oklahoma and the Ozarks ahead of the system. Daytime heating of the moistening boundary layer increased throughout the afternoon across Oklahoma and Texas as cloud cover shifted eastward. Cooling aloft, in conjunction with the approaching storm system, led to atmospheric instability, resulting in thunderstorms. A very strong wind field increased with height through the lower troposphere, resulting in a wind shear favorable for rotation in the thunderstorms.
Meteorologists expected large hail stones and damaging winds, and recognized the potential for strong tornadoes as thunderstorms developed from central Oklahoma southward into north-central Texas in the afternoon. During the night, a cold front moved eastward toward the Mississippi Valley and organized the thunderstorms into a lengthy squall line. Along with a continued threat of hail and tornadoes, the risk of damaging winds increased. The Storm Prediction Center announced a "moderate risk" of severe weather for portions of eastern Oklahoma, northeastern Texas, western Arkansas, and northwestern Louisiana. 
At around 1:00 pm CST (19:00 UTC), a line of violent thunderstorms began developing near the Wichita Mountains in Comanche County, Oklahoma. The supercell that eventually produced the first tornado of the outbreak moved northeast through Caddo and Grady counties over the next 30 to 45 minutes, before reaching southeastern Canadian County at around 2:00 pm CST (20:00 UTC). By 2:14 pm CST (20:14 UTC), the line had formed a hook echo, which was fully developed four minutes later. Observers reported wall clouds from the Yukon area into western portions of Oklahoma City during the next 10 to 15 minutes. At 2:36 pm CST (20:37 UTC), the supercell produced a tornado near the Wiley Post Airport in Oklahoma City, causing damage at the Northwest Expressway. According to the Doppler weather radar, the hook continued to show signs of rotation as it moved northeast across Oklahoma County. At 2:52 pm CST (20:52 UTC), the supercell produced its second tornado on the northwestern side of Edmond which caused its most severe damage near the Oklahoma and Logan County line. The tornado dissipated north of the Logan County Line at 3:05 pm CST (21:05 UTC).
The supercell produced three more tornadoes in Oklahoma as it continued to move northeast. The third tornado occurred northwest of Meridian in Logan County at 3:26 pm CST (21:36 UTC). A fourth developed near Langston in Logan County and moved to about southwest of Stillwater in Payne County. The fifth tornado occurred in Pawnee County. In addition to the five Oklahoma tornadoes, three tornadoes struck northern sections of Texas and one tornado hit Springfield, Missouri.
The most significant tornado, later named the Lone Grove Tornado, first touched down in southeast Jefferson County, Oklahoma at 6:48 pm CST (00:48 UTC) near the Red River. The tornado crossed through rural areas as it moved to the northeast into Love County, before going into Carter County at 7:10 pm CST (01:10 UTC). The tornado continued moving to the northeast for the next 15 minutes before striking Lone Grove, Oklahoma. The tornado then crossed Interstate 35 just north of the Prairie Valley Road exit ramp and tracked through rural areas of northeastern Carter County to the east of Springer, ending at 7:43 pm CST (01:43 UTC).
February 11.
The Storm Prediction Center issued a slight risk warning for February 11. The warning included parts of the Deep South, Ohio Valley, Midwest, and Appalachians. The risk of tornadoes was lower on February 11 due to a stronger front, which limited discrete supercell activity and decreased atmospheric instability. The "slight risk" was later upgraded to a "moderate risk" as a powerful squall line developed.
Notable tornadoes.
Edmond, Oklahoma.
The second tornado to touch down during the outbreak formed at around 2:52 pm CST (20:52 UTC) about north-northwest of Edmond, Oklahoma. The tornado traveled towards the northeast, crossing into Logan County and dissipating at 3:05 pm CST (21:05 UTC). Following a survey by the National Weather Service, the tornado was estimated to have been about wide and was rated as an EF2. Most of the downtown residences were left without power after the tornado struck the area around 2:59 pm CST (20:59 UTC). Ten minutes earlier, tornado sirens were sounded as a tornado warning was issued for the area. Students who were being taken home by bus at the time were immediately taken to the nearest school for shelter. The schools were placed in lockdown for about two hours following the tornado sirens. In Edmond, six homes were destroyed, eight structures received major damage, 51 received minor damage and another 166 structures were affected. Some of the homes damaged by the tornado were estimated to be worth over $1 million. The Oak Tree Golf Club sustained severe damage, with numerous trees being uprooted. Hundreds of trees were uprooted or significantly damaged along the tornado's path. In Oklahoma County, the tornado left an estimated 28,500 people without power. Monetary damage numbers were not available.
Lone Grove, Oklahoma.
At 6:48 pm CST (00:48 UTC), a large wedge tornado – a tornado that is wider than the distance from ground to cloud base – touched down near the Red River, along the Texas-Oklahoma border. It crossed through Jefferson and Love counties before entering Carter County where it proceeded to slam into Lone Grove. The tornado dissipated at 7:43 pm CST (01:43 UTC) after remaining on the ground for nearly an hour and traveling an estimated . After an assessment by the National Weather Service office in Norman, Oklahoma, the tornado was rated as an EF4 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale with winds reaching an estimated .
The Lone Grove Tornado was the deadliest to hit Oklahoma since May 3, 1999, and the strongest tornado during the month of February in Oklahoma since 1950. The previous strongest were two F3 tornadoes which touched down on February 17, 1961.
The tornado destroyed businesses and residences across a swath over wide and long. In Lone Grove alone, buildings were thrown off their slabs and the local chamber of commerce office was flattened. The tornado destroyed a furniture store, and shattered the glass lobby of the local UPS building. The destruction of a mobile home park containing 40 homes left close to 100 people homeless. One mobile home was thrown from its foundation. A total of 114 residences were destroyed in Lone Grove.
To the east of Lone Grove, the area north of Ardmore was also hard hit. Several buildings, including those of the Beaver Academy and the Ardmore Adventist Academy, were destroyed. Although damage centered on the Ardmore Academy gymnasium, most of the campus was considered a total loss. In Ardmore, eight homes were destroyed and another 20 sustained damage.
Eight people were confirmed dead as a result of the tornado. Seven of these fatalities were in the town of Lone Grove; most were determined to have been caused by “blunt-force trauma to the head". Three of the victims were found inside their homes and two were found outside. A victim found in an open field was reportedly picked up and thrown by the tornado, and died on impact with the ground. One victim was crushed when a pickup truck fell on him; similarly, a truck driver died after being pinned under his vehicle on Interstate 35. Two other victims, the parents of a 13-year old girl, were killed when the tornado picked the three of them out of their home and threw them . Three people were rescued after being trapped in the ruins of their home for almost a day. Officials stated that 10 to 15 people remained unaccounted for on the night of February 12 but they were presumed to have left the area. An additional 46 people were injured. Total monetary damages from the tornado were estimated at $3 million.
Non-tornadic events.
During the evening of February 10, a long line of severe thunderstorms developed along the tail-end of a cold front in central Texas. Meteorologists predicted embedded supercell thunderstorms that could produce hail up to in diameter and wind gusts up to . North of the squall line, bow echo thunderstorms developed in Missouri, causing widespread wind damage. By the morning of February 11, the squall line reached as far southeast as eastern Louisiana, where winds were recorded in excess of along with hail up to in diameter. Around 12 pm EST (17:00 UTC), the first line of thunderstorms significantly weakened, but a new, narrow line developed in eastern Kentucky and Tennessee. A strong, deep layer wind field prevented a number of tornadoes from forming but instead caused widespread wind damage. Throughout the day, the line of low-topped thunderstorms continued eastward, reaching Ohio and West Virginia by 4 pm EST (21:00 UTC). Several hours later, the line broke apart, with the strongest storms tracking through Pennsylvania. By February 12, rain showers, accompanied by high winds up to , affected most of the Northeastern United States.
Oklahoma.
In addition to the strong tornadoes, Oklahoma was affected by high winds and large hail. The hail, measuring up to in diameter, caused significant damage in Okesa. Numerous cars were hit and several houses sustained roof damage; the cost of the hail damage was estimated at $100,000 in the town. Heavy rains produced by the storms also caused isolated flooding, inundating numerous streets with several feet of water. Lightning also produced damage in the state, with one bolt striking an oil tank, igniting a fire. The fire severely damaged the tank, leaving $13,000 in damages. Throughout the state, an estimated 61,000 people lost power: 29,000 lost power due to thunderstorms and 32,000 due to tornadoes. In Mississippi, strong winds on the backside of the cold front blew a metal roof off a power company building, bringing down several trees and power lines. Damages in the state amounted to $35,000. 
Texas.
Strong straight-line winds near caused significant damage in Hamilton County, Texas. A barn sustained severe damage and a home lost most of its roof. wind destroyed a small outbuilding and carried debris about north. A trailer near Hamilton Municipal Airport was broken off its moorings and moved . Several mobile homes near Hamilton sustained damage after tree limbs fell on them. In Huron, several outbuildings were damaged or destroyed and a permanent building was damaged at a youth retreat center. An estimated 15,000 residences were without power following the storms in Texas. One home in McGregor was destroyed by the winds. The three people who lived in the home, one of whom was a child, all sustained injuries. The father had a few broken ribs and several scratches, injuries sustained during a search for his son. In Louisiana, 12,000 residences lost power due to the storm system. Two wildfires were sparked in Kenedy County and Kleberg County, burning respectively. The larger of the two fires was along Texas State Highway 77. The second fire burned three homes and threatened 20 others.
Arkansas.
In Arkansas, high winds produced by the squall line knocked out power to 315,324 residences and caused widespread structural damage. Trees and power lines were brought down in eight counties, and several homes in Independence and Van Buren County sustained damage. The damage in these counties was caused by winds gusting up to and leaving $200,000 in damages. An wind gust in Van Buren blew a barn onto Arkansas Highway 9. Hundreds of trees were blown down, many of which fell on homes, causing widespread damage which amounted to approximately $625,000. In Conway County, a sawmill and two barns were destroyed, while several homes and a church also sustained damage, mainly roof damage. Damages in the county were estimated at $300,000. Numerous homes sustained wind damage and two mobile homes and a recreational vehicle were overturned. Damages in the county were estimated at $750,000. Total damages throughout the state were estimated at $2.4 million. Seven people sustained injuries in the state.
Ohio.
In Ohio, wind gusts led to a highway accident that killed a truck driver. The high winds also caused significant damage throughout the state. Heavy rains produced by the same system inundated several streets in flood-prone towns in Ohio. In Scioto County, a the high winds destroyed a brick house and brought down power lines. The most significant damage resulted from the strong pressure gradient behind the frontal system. Thousands of tree were knocked down or uprooted by winds gusting in excess of , cutting power to 585,775 residences. Ten railroad cars were knocked off their tracks near Shelby. Several hundred homes lost shingles and gutters due to the winds. Wind also overturned two semi-trailers, though the drivers of both vehicles were unharmed. A vacant school building in Epworth lost its entire roof. Some windows were damaged or broken by flying debris or fallen trees. Power outages forced numerous schools to close for at least two days following the storm. A large barn was leveled just north of Brighton in Lorain County by winds. Throughout the state, damages from the storm system amounted to $4.7 million.
Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee and Michigan.
In Missouri, high winds caused widespread damage and knocked out power to 7,629 residences. Several homes and businesses lost their windows due to wind gusts produced within squall lines. In Huntsville, Alabama, a car carrying four people lost control on rain-slicked roads and crashed into a van, killing one of the occupants and injuring the other three. Another fatality occurred in Kentucky when a utility worker was knocked over by high winds and fell to his death while trying to restore power. Following the widespread power outages from a severe ice storm, an additional 161,588 residences lost power due to winds. Flooding and high winds in Michigan knocked out power to about 57,000 residences. In southern Michigan, upwards of of rain fell, leading to faster snowmelt. In Tennessee, several structures were damaged and numerous trees were knocked down, closing roads throughout the state as the squall line tracked eastward. A total of 74,052 residences lost power due to the winds. Winds gusting up to caused substantial damage in Rutherford County. Several commercial buildings had major roof damage, leaving $150,000 in damages. Throughout Tennessee, damages from the storm system were estimated at $1.1 million.
Iowa, Indiana and Virginia.
In Iowa, heavy rains triggered rapid snowmelt, causing isolated flooding. Only minor impacts resulted from the flooding and total damages from the event was estimated at $25,000. A total of 14,590 residences lost power in Indiana. Several large trees were brought down by high winds, one of which fell on a home in South Bend, leaving $50,000 in damages. In the town of Carmel, a total of of rain fell, the highest in the state. The heavy rains, in combination with unseasonably warm temperatures, led to significant snowmelt and flooding. The highest wind gust recorded in the state was in Crawford County. A total of 70,695 residences lost power in Illinois. Rainfall up to fell throughout most of the state. Several major roadways were covered in flood waters. The Little Wabash River overflowed its banks and inundated nearby roads. Along Illinois Route 1, a large tree blocked a section of the road near Georgetown. The fallen tree resulted in a vehicle accident but the driver was unharmed. One person was killed by high winds in Davy, West Virginia when a gymnasium roof collapsed. Throughout the state, power was knocked out to an estimated 225,000 residences. In Montgomery County, Virginia, winds knocked down power lines which sparked two brush fires, one of which burned a total of . Winds up to cut power to 28,059 residences in the state. The strong winds also cut power to 50,820 residences in Maryland.
Western Pennsylvania and Chesapeake watershed.
Hurricane-force wind gusts up to caused significant damage and power losses in Pennsylvania. Throughout the state, at least 400,000 residences lost power due to the winds. Allegheny Power stated that the loss of power due to this system was the largest ever experienced by the company. Thousands of trees and power lines were brought down by strong winds and numerous homes sustained significant damage. Although most of the damage to homes consisted of shingle damage, several homes lost gutters and had portions of their siding blown off. 
In Pottstown, a large portion of the roof of a four-story building was blown off, forcing residents to evacuate the building. An pillar was knocked down at the First Moravian Church in Easton. In Northampton County, a fire sparked by fallen power lines destroyed a barn and partially melted a nearby metal shed. The blaze was fully contained by 40 firefighters. Another fire sparked by fallen power lines destroyed a garage in Lower Merion Township. In Philadelphia, the roof of a portable classroom began to peel off, forcing the forty students inside to evacuate to a safer structure. A large tree fell through one house and severely damaged the roof of a nearby home. Numerous major highways and local streets were shut down for several hours to allow cleanup crews to clear debris. Throughout the state, damages from the storm system amounted to $3.7 million.
New York.
In upstate New York, winds in excess of shattered windows, toppled numerous trees, and brought down power lines, cutting power to more than 50,000 residences. Unseasonably warm temperatures and heavy rains from the storm system increased the snowmelt rate in northern areas of the state. In Genesee County, an estimated of the snowpack melted, triggering flash floods along several rivers. The Tonawanda Creek reached a height of , above flood stage. Several homes were inundated by flood waters throughout the region. In all, 84,624 residences lost power in New York State. The storm system continued producing gusty winds through February 12, which caused tree damage and power outages, and killed a construction worker in the New York City metropolitan area. The construction worker was killed after a cinder block wall collapsed due to high-winds. Winds in the city gusted to in the Bronx. Throughout Long Island, an estimated 4,000 people lost power.
New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts.
In New Jersey, strong winds gusted up to , bringing down tree limbs that killed two people. A total of 93,816 residences were also left without power at the height of the storm. High winds on the backside of the storm brought down a power line that sparked a small fire in Galloway Township, burning a total of . A total of 8,486 Connecticut residences were left without power and one boy was injured after high winds damaged numerous power lines and tree limbs. In Massachusetts, gusts up to brought down several trees and cut power to residences in Middleborough, Boston, Brookline and Hingham. The Western Massachusetts Electric Company reported that at least 360 residences lost power during the storm. Moderate snow fell across portions of The Berkshires late on February 12 as the storm system began entering the Atlantic Ocean, while isolated areas received upwards of .
Aftermath.
In the wake of the tornado outbreak law enforcement officers, including 30 national guard troops, were sent to Lone Grove to provide security. The American Red Cross opened shelters in Ardmore, Edmond, and Oklahoma City. About 100 volunteers from the Sorghum Mill Estates Neighborhood Association traveled to affected areas in Edmond to help with cleanup efforts. A local restaurant provided free meals to the volunteers as they assisted relief workers. The Salvation Army had two canteens in Oklahoma City, one in Lone Grove, and one in Perkins. About 2,000 meals, drinks, and snacks were provided by the Salvation Army to emergency responders. Feed the Children sent two truckloads of relief supplies to Carter County. They also sent three food trucks, containing a total of 619 meals, 900 drinks, and about 500 snacks, to Ardmore. On February 22, the New Life Baptist Church sent drinks and prepackaged snacks, along with items needed for clean-up. Baptist Disaster Relief assisted in Lone Grove with food and emotional care. The Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA) gave away two tickets to anyone who made a donation of $25 or an equivalent amount of food to benefit victims of the tornado. A concert featuring Chris Cagle and other local musicians at Heritage Hall in Ardmore raised over $18,000 to benefit Carter County tornado victims. Another concert set up by the Salvation Army raised $2,300 more for victims. 
The Governor of Oklahoma Brad Henry declared a State of Emergency in 17 counties and described the outbreak as the worst natural disaster he had seen since becoming governor. On February 15, President Obama approved Henry's request for federal assistance in Carter, Logan and Oklahoma counties. A disaster recovery center was set up by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on February 20. Homeowners were allowed to borrow $200,000 to repair damages to their home or find a temporary or permanent shelter. They were also allowed to borrow up to $40,000 to replace lost property. Businesses were allowed to borrow up to $2 million for damage repair, property loss, and economic loss. By February 23, about $781,000 had been given in federal grants. On February 25, FEMA approved Governor Henry's request for public assistance in Carter, Coal and Love counties. The estimated cost to clear the 7,000 tons of debris in Lone Grove was placed at $500,000, of which $90,000 has been paid for by FEMA. The Department of Homeland Security offered to assist with the reconstruction of homes and businesses and to support those who were left homeless. President Barack Obama passed along his condolences and best wishes to the victims of the tornado.

</doc>
<doc id="21489558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489558" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre butterfly

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 100 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Friday 1998-01-16 in Perth, Australia.
Qualifying heats.
Note: This is not a complete list of results. The "SwimNews" source below lists 70 swimmers entered in the event. One of the non-list swimmers is very likely Kamal Salman Masud who set a Pakistan Record of 58.19.

</doc>
<doc id="21489571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489571" title="11th Brigade">
11th Brigade

The 11th Brigade may refer to many military units:

</doc>
<doc id="21489584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489584" title="12th Regiment">
12th Regiment

The 12th Regiment may refer to many military units.

</doc>
<doc id="21489585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489585" title="Izumi Yukimura">
Izumi Yukimura

Yukimura made her debut with the song in 1953. Her style of singing varied from jazz to rock and roll. She became one of the three most popular female singers in the early postwar Japan, along with Chiemi Eri and Hibari Misora.
On her 1974 album "Super Generation", she sang Ryoichi Hattori's songs along with four popular musicians: Masataka Matsutoya, Shigeru Suzuki, Tatsuo Hayashi and Haruomi Hosono.
Eri, who died in 1982, and Misora, who died in 1989, also recorded songs with Yukimura as a group in the 1950s, but those recordings had not been released for about 50 years because they each belonged to separate record labels. In 2004, their album including those songs was finally released for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="21489591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489591" title="17th Brigade">
17th Brigade

17th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489595" title="20th Brigade">
20th Brigade

The 20th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489614" title="20th Regiment">
20th Regiment

20th Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21489617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489617" title="Engineer (disambiguation)">
Engineer (disambiguation)

An engineer is a professional practitioner in various disciplines of engineering. 
Engineer may also refer to:
An operator of equipment:
Military titles and ranks:
A title used in certain trade certification programs:
A surname in India, commonly but not exclusively Parsi:
Other meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="21489618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489618" title="Chocolate Cake (cocktail)">
Chocolate Cake (cocktail)

The Chocolate Cake is a novelty shooter which combines the flavors of Frangelico liqueur, lemon, and white sugar to create the convincing impression of a chocolate cake. Sucking the sugared lemon tends to concentrate the flavor of the Frangelico.
A popular alternative method is to use lemon vodka and brown or white sugar. White sugar is more usually available in bars and homes, because brown sugar has a limited open shelf life.
It is advisable for the drink to be "loose strained" (allowing ice chips to fall into the drink) after shaking, so that the "bite" of the alcohol does not overwhelm the experience of the drink.

</doc>
<doc id="21489619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489619" title="Tekkiye Mosque">
Tekkiye Mosque

The Tekkiye Mosque (, ) is a mosque complex in Damascus, Syria, located on the banks of the Barada River. The complex is composed of a large mosque on the southwest side of a courtyard, flanked by a single line of arcaded cells, and a soup kitchen across the courtyard to the northwest, flanked by hospice buildings.
History.
It was built on the orders of Suleiman the Magnificent and designed by the architect Mimar Sinan between 1554 and 1560. A separate "madrasa" (Al-Salimiyah Madrasa) was added to the southeast of the Tekiyya complex by Selim II and is linked to the "Tekiyya" complex with a souk. Hospices were built around the mosque to accompany "dervishes", known for their religious chants and whirling dances. It has been described as "The finest example in Damascus of Ottoman architecture".
Architecture.
The mosque is formed by a wide portico and a sixteen meter square prayer hall that is covered with a large Ottoman dome. The portico is composed of three domed cells wrapped with a sloping lead roof carried on twelve columns. Its marble and granite columns carry diamond-cut and "muqarnas" capitals. The portal niche, centered on the portico façade, is topped with an elaborate "muqarnas" crown and framed with a band of geometric motifs.
Interior.
Inside, the dome displays a ring of apertures along the elongated base and is covered with lead on the outside. Four arches that extend from the thick walls support the dome. The transition zone from dome to wall is formed by using circular stone triangulations without any "muqarnas". The "mihrab" is located below a series if "muqarnas" formations and is defined by marble mosaics, while the "minbar" is made of white marble. There are plaster windows with colored pieces of glass on each of the four walls that open up towards the gardens. The exterior walls of the mosque are built of alternating rows of black and white stones. Colored marble facings were also used on the portico façade.
Minarets.
Two tall cylindrical minarets rise atop the east and north corners of the mosque's portico wall. They are made of white stone and crowned with conical roofs. Both minarets have one balcony supported by stone muqarnas for the muezzin to sound the call to prayer.
The complex.
At either side of the mosque are rows of six arcaded cells, equipped with fireplaces and covered with domes taller than the domes of the mosque portico. Located across the courtyard, the soup-kitchen also consists of a line of six equal-size cells, enlarged into a room at the center with two vaulted bays projection northeast. It faces the courtyard with a portico of twelve small domed bays. Placed lengthwise at either side of the soup kitchen are identical hospice buildings, composed of fourteen domed cells arranged in two rows. The hospice and the soup kitchen share a private courtyard behind the soup kitchen that is accessed with two gates from the main takiyya courtyard.
Outside, the buildings in the courtyard were originally built to house the Dervishes, a spiritual sect of Muslims who are famed for their trance-induced whirling dance. It was later used as a "Khan" to house pilgrims who were making their way to the holy city of Mecca.
On the eastern side of the mosque is a Quranic school called the "Selimiye Madrasa", built in the 16th century. The prayer room of the school is still used to teach the Quran. The buildings surrounding the school currently house all types of craftsmen, working in glass, copper, silver and textiles.
A military museum in the complex exhibits ancient weaponry and combat tools, many of which were used in the Crusades.
The entire complex was restored in the 1968 by the Directorate General of Antiquities.
The last Ottoman Sultan Mehmed VI is buried in the graveyard beside the mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="21489621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489621" title="Sergio Massa">
Sergio Massa

Sergio Tomás Massa (born April 28, 1972) is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician who served as Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers from July 2008 to July 2009.
Biography.
Congressman of Buenos Aires Province | Frente Renovador (Renewal Front); Leader of the Justicialist Party 
Early life.
Massa was born in western Buenos Aires suburb of San Martín, in 1972, and raised in neighboring San Andrés. Attending the School of St. Augustine through grade and secondary school, he enrolled at the University of Belgrano, a private university in the upscale Buenos Aires borough of the same name. Leaving school before completing his law degree studies, he married Malena Galmarini, whose father, Fernando Galmarini, was at the time Secretary of Sports for President Carlos Menem.
He became affiliated to the conservative UCeDé in 1989 as an aide to Alejandro Keck, councilman for the San Martín district (which includes San Andrés). Massa joined the ruling Justicialist Party in 1995, when the UCeDé endorsed the re-election of President Menem after the latter had sidestepped much of his populist Justicialist Party's platform in favor of a more conservative one. Shortly after a crisis led to President Fernando de la Rúa's December 2001 resignation, the Congress appointed Senator Eduardo Duhalde, a more traditional Peronist than Menem had been. Acquainted with Massa through Restaurant Workers' Union leader Luis Barrionuevo, Duhalde appointed Massa Director of the ANSeS (Argentina's Social Security administration).
Career in national politics.
The pragmatic Massa ran on President Néstor Kirchner's center-left Front for Victory ticket during the 2005 legislative elections. Securing a seat in the Chamber of Deputies (lower house of Congress), he forfeited it at the behest of the President, who requested that he stay on as Director of ANSeS. Remaining at the post two more years, he oversaw the voluntary conversion of several million private pension accounts to the ANSeS' aegis when this choice was made available in December 2006.
Massa was elected Mayor of the Paraná Delta city of Tigre in October 2007. Those elections also brought President Néstor Kirchner's wife, Senator Cristina Kirchner, to the Presidency. Enjoying large majorities in Congress, her administration suffered its first major setback when her proposals for higher agricultural export taxes were defeated on July 16, 2008, with Vice President Julio Cobos's surprise, tie-breaking vote against them. The controversy helped lead to the July 23 resignation of Alberto Fernández, the president's Cabinet Chief, and to his replacement with Sergio Massa who, at 36, became the youngest person to hold the influential post since its creation in 1994.
He was persuaded to run as a stand-in candidate (who, after the election, would cede his new seat to a down-ticket name on the party list) for the ruling Front for Victory (FpV) ahead of the June 2009 mid-term elections. Massa, however, enlisted his own candidates - including his wife - for Tigre City Council under his own ticket, and its success in these city council races distanced him from others in the FpV. Massa had, moreover, harbored differences with the president over a number of policies, including the nationalization of loss-producing private pension funds, the use of the INDEC bureau to understate inflation data, and the vast regulatory powers granted to Commerce Secretary Guillermo Moreno. Following the FpV's narrow defeat in the Lower House mid-term races, Massa tendered his resignation to the President, effective July 7. Massa, who appointed the city council president as provisional mayor while he served as the president's cabinet chief, returned to his office of Mayor of Tigre on July 24. was reported along with other officials by compulsive discount fees for nonexistent credits about 17 thousand retired while he was director of the ANSES
Massa's he joined a group of eight Buenos Aires Province mayors in calling for the establishment of local police departments independent of the Provincial Police; this 'Group of 8' had become disaffected to varying degrees with the Kirchner government, and came to view Massa as presidential timber for a future date. He stumbled into controversy, however, when the Wikileaks disclosures of 2010 mentioned a number of indiscretions on Massa's part during a dinner hosted the previous year at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence. He was said by one of Ambassador Vilma Socorro Martínez's cables to have revealed details about working with former President Néstor Kirchner, stating that he was "a psychopath; a monster whose bully approach to politics shows his sense of inferiority." He reportedly added that the former president "runs the Argentine government" while his wife (the President) "followed orders," and that she "would be better off without him." He nevertheless remained allied as a member of the FpV faction and the Cristina Kirchner administration, and was re-elected mayor on the FpV slate with 73% of the vote in 2011.
Polling ahead of the October 2013 mid-term elections gave Massa better prospects running for Congress under the FpV party list than on a separate slate. Upon the filing deadline on June 22, however, Massa ultimately opted to form his own "Frente Renovador" ('Renewal Front') faction with the support of the 'Group of 8' Buenos Aires Province Mayors and others, notably former Argentine Industrial Union president José Ignacio de Mendiguren (recently an ally of Kirchnerism). This split with Kirchner proved successful for Massa as the Renewal Front slate beat the FpV slate in the Buenos Ares province in both the primary and general elections.
in October 2013, Javier Corradino, president of the Commercial Chamber of Tigre, Adrian Zolezzi, secretary of the same entity, and Santiago Maneiro, secretary of the Commercial Chamber of Pacheco, reported that four of its shops were closed by Sergio Massa retaliation for having closed a trade agreement with the National Social Security Administration to operate the Argenta card, administered by ANSeS. This was listed as a clear political persecution traders municipality by Sergio Massa and as a setback to democracy. Corradino Javier was expelled from a campaign of Malena Galmarini Front for Renewal, township secretary and wife of Sergio Massa.

</doc>
<doc id="21489647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489647" title="SB-269,970">
SB-269,970

SB-269,970 is a drug and research chemical developed by GlaxoSmithKline used in scientific studies. It was previously believed to act as a selective 5-HT7 receptor antagonist (or possibly inverse agonist), but a subsequent discovery showed that it also potently blocks the α2-adrenergic receptor. The new finding has raised significant concerns about studies using SB-269,970 as a specific serotonin receptor antagonist.
SB-269,970 is used to study the 5-HT7 receptors which are thought to be involved in the function of several areas of the brain such as the hippocampus and thalamus, and regulation of dopamine release in the ventral tegmental area. Possible therapeutic uses for SB-269,970 and other 5-HT7 antagonists include the treatment of anxiety and depression, and nootropic effects have also been noted in animal studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21489656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489656" title="NEMO Music Showcase and Conference">
NEMO Music Showcase and Conference

The NEMO Music Showcase and Conference was an annual music event in Boston, Massachusetts. According to BMI it was:
...one of North America's premier music industry events. With three nights of music (featuring almost 250 artist showcases and the prestigious Boston Music Awards), two full days of panels, workshops, clinics and a trade show, NEMO is the ideal forum for musicians, industry professionals, and music enthusiasts who want to explore the most up-to-date, current information and critical issues that are confronting today's music industry.
NEMO closed its doors in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="21489668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489668" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre butterfly">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre butterfly

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 200 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Wednesday 1998-01-14 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489679" title="Karate South Africa">
Karate South Africa

The Karate South Africa (KSA) is the governing body of sport karate in South Africa. The KSA was formed in June 2005 after the previous body (KASA) was disbanded by the then Minister of Sport. The new body came into being under the supervision of the South African Sports Council. It has membership to the World Karate Federation (WKF) which is the only body recognised by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and was readmitted to the international arena in 1992. In May 2008, after three years of ups and down, the interim structure was formalised at a General Elections held under the supervision of SASCOC and the current Executive was voted in. The President of the KSA is Leon Beech of and Elias Jacobs of serves as the Secretary General.
History of KSA.
Karate is a martial arts which was introduced in South Africa during 1950 by persons who developed an interest in this eastern culture through reading books and with information received from sailors who visited South African ports. During the early 1960s a few South Africans visited Japan and formally studied the art of karate. This international exposure was reciprocated with the visit by top Japanese karate instructors. These pioneers initiated the development and expansion of karate to what today has become the sixth biggest sport in the country with a membership which exceeds 200 000 with more than 1400 organised clubs throughout South Africa. 
On 19 May 1992, the Karate Association of South Africa was formed, unifying karate as a sport among the various national karate bodies which existed. Today, through the initiatives of KASA, all the various styles of karate and provinces are totally unified under one body which controls karate in South Africa.
Karate South Africa was formed in June 2005 after the previous body (KASA) was disbanded by the then Minister of Sport. The new body came into being under the supervision of the South African Sports Council.
References.
http://www.karate-sa.org/

</doc>
<doc id="21489704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489704" title="Steve Wakeling">
Steve Wakeling

Stephen Wakeling (born 4 October 1983) is an English Middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer, fighting out of Kent, England. He is former British, European and four time World Muay Thai champion.
Early life.
Wakeling's parents were both Muay Thai fighters, his father competed in the King's Cup and his mother was a European champion. Wakeling also runs a construction firm in addition to his fighting career.
Biography and career.
He was expected to face Joe Schilling at "" in London, England on 23 March 2013 but his opponent was changed to Simon Marcus. Marcus then withdrew from the bout to face Artem Levin, however, and Eddie Walker stepped in as his third opponent. He stopped Walker with low kicks in round two.
He was set to compete in the four man 85 kg/187 lb tournament at "" in Ontario, California, United States on 28 September 2013 and face Joe Schilling in the semi-finals. However, he was unable to compete due to visa issues and was replaced by Kengo Shimizu.

</doc>
<doc id="21489709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489709" title="James Dennis (athlete)">
James Dennis (athlete)

James O. Dennis (born 25 February 1976) is an American discus thrower.
His personal best throw is 63.55 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Chula Vista, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21489721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489721" title="Jan Saenredam">
Jan Saenredam

Jan Pieterszoon Saenredam (1565 – 6 April 1607) was a Dutch Northern Mannerist painter, printmaker in engraving, and cartographer, and father of the painter of church interiors, Pieter Jansz Saenredam. He is noted for the many allegorical images he created from classical mythology and the Bible.
Biography.
Saenredam was born in Zaandam. As an orphan Jan lived with his uncle, Pieter de Jongh, a bailiff in Assendelft who first sent him to learn basket weaving as a profession. Being an apt student, he was taught reading and writing, but astonished his teachers when he proved already so accomplished in this that he decorated his texts with curled decorations. An example of his penmanship could once be seen on display at Assum House near Heemskerk (residence of the Lord of Assendelft), which was his copywork of the ten commandments. Despite a decision that he follow a career in a trade or farming, he showed such artistic talent that he started as an apprentice cartographer. His first map is dated 1589 and is of the province of Holland, which could be seen in the city book of "Guiccardijn" (referring to a 1593 work by Lodovico Guicciardini called "The Description of the Low Countries"). He was visited by a lawyer called Spoorwater tot Assendelft, who convinced his guardian to let him apply his gift, and thus young Saenredam was sent to learn drawing from Hendrick Goltzius in Haarlem, where he became a master at the age of 24 (in 1589).
After working for some time with Goltzius, he encountered the almost inevitable professional rivalry and jealousy, prompting his departure to work in Amsterdam for two years. He then returned to Assendelft where he married and set up his own workshop. His first engraving was of the 12 apostles after a drawing by Karel van Mander. He produced prints after Goltzius, Abraham Bloemaert, Cornelis van Haarlem, Polidoro da Caravaggio, and his own invention. He made over 170 plates of which the last one was a history of Diana and Callisto by Paulus Moreelse in 1606. Two plates he was working on, after drawings by Bartholomeus Spranger and Willem Thibaut, were finished later by Jacob Matham. 
According to the Rijksmuseum, he returned in 1595 from Amsterdam to Assendelft, where he married Anna Pauwelsdochter. Jan left his wife a sizeable estate as a result of lucrative investments in the Dutch East India Company. He died of typhus on April 6, 1607 and was buried in the choir of the Saint Adolphus church at Assendelft, with the gravestone inscription "Ioannis Saenredam Sculptoris celeberrimi". He died in Assendelft, aged about 41.

</doc>
<doc id="21489731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489731" title="US Diamantinoise">
US Diamantinoise

US Diamantinoise is a football club of Martinique, based in the southwestern town Le Diamant.
They play in the Martinique's first division, the Martinique Championnat National.
Current squad.
"2008/2009 season" 

</doc>
<doc id="21489736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489736" title="Brad Lloyd">
Brad Lloyd

Brad Lloyd (born 16 September 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.
Lloyd, a midfielder from Victorian Football League (VFL) side Williamstown, had an impressive 1997 in the Hawthorn reserves and won the Gardiner Medal. Recruited by Hawthorn at the 1997 AFL Draft, Lloyd made his senior AFL debut in round two of the 1998 AFL season, when Hawthorn lost to Port Adelaide in Paul Salmon's 250th league game. Lloyd appeared in the last six rounds of the year and played briefly in 1999 but in all could only manage 11 games for the seniors while at Hawthorn. Lloyd never got to play a game against his brother, Essendon full-forward Matthew.
Lloyd was delisted by Hawthorn at the end of the 1999 season and returned to Williamstown, captaining the club from 2003 to 2006 and winning the Williamstown Best and Fairest award, the Gerry Callahan Medal, three times.
Following his retirement from football, Lloyd moved into football administration and currently works in the recruiting department for AFL club Fremantle Football Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="21489748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489748" title="Meltdown (book)">
Meltdown (book)

Meltdown is a book on the global financial crisis of 2007–2008 by historian Thomas Woods, with a foreword by Rep. Ron Paul. The book was published on February 9, 2009 by Regnery Publishing.
Overview.
Woods is a follower of the Austrian School of economics and believes in allowing the market to freely compete in currency, which he believes would lead to mostly gold-based currency. The book is dedicated to Murray Rothbard and Ron Paul. The book debuted at #16 on the "Hardcover, non-fiction" "New York Times" Best Seller list, and advanced to the #11 spot in its second week on the list.

</doc>
<doc id="21489750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489750" title="Adinath Temple">
Adinath Temple

Adinath Temple, located on the summit of the Mainak Hill on Maheshkhali Island off the coast of Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, is dedicated to the Hindu God, Shiva, who is worshipped as Adinath. The temple is famous for the annual fair held at the foot of the Mainak Hill in the month of Phalgun as per the Bengali calendar. The fair, which lasts 13 days, draws thousands of Hindus from across Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="21489792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489792" title="Basic People's Congress (political)">
Basic People's Congress (political)

The Basic Peoples Congress or Fundamental Popular Council (Mu'tamar shaʿbi asāsi) was the smallest unit of government in Libya under Muammar Gaddafi's Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya regime. It usually governed the equivalent of a municipality, and that geographic subdivision was also called a Basic Peoples Congress. 
The congress consisted of every man and woman who has attained the age of majority. The actual congress met at three scheduled meetings per year or is called upon necessity. The first meeting was usually devoted to a detailed agenda for the next two meetings. At the second meeting the Basic People's Congress discussed issues relating to the local business, while at the third meeting seats on committees were filled, representatives elected and policy at the national and international level were discussed. Day-to-day management and oversight was provided by the people's committee appointed by the congress. The next political level up was the district congresses and then above that was the General People's Congress at the top.

</doc>
<doc id="21489802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489802" title="Sir James Abercromby, 2nd Baronet">
Sir James Abercromby, 2nd Baronet

Sir James Abercromby of Birkenbog, 2nd Baronet (c. 1670 – 20 September 1734) was a Scottish baronet and politician.
He was the oldest son of Sir Alexander Abercromby, 1st Baronet and his third wife Elizabeth Baird, daughter of Sir James Baird. Abercromby succeeded his father as baronet in 1684. He entered the Parliament of Scotland in 1693, sitting as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Banffshire until 1702.
In 1645, Abercromby married Mary Gordon, daughter of Arthur Gordon. They had fifteen children, ten sons and five daughters. Abercromby was succeeded in the baronetcy by his third and oldest surviving son Robert.

</doc>
<doc id="21489811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489811" title="Fraus pteromela">
Fraus pteromela

Fraus pteromela is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in most of the southern half of Australia.
The wingspan is about 25 mm for males and 35 mm for females. 

</doc>
<doc id="21489846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489846" title="Peter Buckman">
Peter Buckman

Peter Buckman is an English writer and literary agent. He was involved in the publishing industry for many years; he was on the editorial board of Penguin Books, and a commissioning editor for the New American Library in New York. He has published novels, non fiction, a biography and short stories, and has also written for television and film, including an episode of Inspector Morse, three episodes of The House of Elliot and television movie The Tale of Sweeney Todd, which was directed by John Schlesinger. He is currently a literary agent, having started The Ampersand Agency in 2003, notable for having discovered and represented Vikas Swarup, author of Q & A, which was recently filmed as Slumdog Millionaire, and also being the agent for the estate of prolific historical fiction writer Georgette Heyer.

</doc>
<doc id="21489850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489850" title="James Philipps">
James Philipps

James Philipps (1594–2 May 1674) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1653 and 1662. He was a supporter of the Parliamentary cause during the English Civil War.
Life.
Philipps was the eldest son of George Philipps of Tregibby who was a member of a leading Cardiganshire family and had been High Sheriff in 1606. He matriculated from Jesus College, Oxford in 1610. During the Civil War, he was acting as a Commissioner of Sequestration in west Wales. He was also a colonel in the Parliamentary army and was appointed a member of the High Court of Justice. He became High Sheriff of Cardiganshire in 1649. 
In 1653, Philipps was nominated one of the representatives for Wales in the Barebones Parliament. He was elected Member of Parliament for Cardiganshire in 1654 for the First Protectorate Parliament. In 1656 he was elected MP for Cardiganshire and Pembrokeshire and chose to sit for Pembrokeshire in the Second Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Cardiganshire in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
In April 1660 Philipps was elected MP for Cardigan in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Cardigan in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament but was unseated on petition on 30 April 1662.
Family.
Philips married firstly Frances Phillips daughter of Sir Richard Phillips Bt. of Picton, Pembrokeshire. He married secondly in 1647 Katherine Fowler daughter of John Fowler merchant of London. Katherine died in June 1664 and Philipps married thirdly Anne Rudd daughter of Sir Richard Rudd Bt. of Aberglasney, Carmathenshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21489853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489853" title="Commemorative coins of Latvia">
Commemorative coins of Latvia

The Commemorative coins of Latvia are issued by the National Bank of Latvia, headquartered in Riga, Latvia, but minted outside Latvia by:

</doc>
<doc id="21489857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489857" title="Altina">
Altina

Altina is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21489888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489888" title="Tero Välimaa">
Tero Välimaa

Tero Välimaa (born August 10, 1978 in Göteborg, Västra Götaland) is a retired male butterfly swimmer from Finland, who was born in Sweden. He competed for Finland at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21489893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489893" title="Banffshire (Parliament of Scotland constituency)">
Banffshire (Parliament of Scotland constituency)

Banffshire was a constituency represented in the Parliament of Scotland until 1707. 

</doc>
<doc id="21489900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489900" title="Louis Gordon">
Louis Gordon

Louis Gordon (born 1965) is an English musician notable for his collaboration with John Foxx. He has worked with Foxx on a number of albums since 1995. His solo work has also been released on the Toffeetones record label.
Biography.
Foxx had met Louis Gordon after watching one of his concerts. The concert was at Berrington Hall, near Shrewsbury and was in aid of Louis' birthday (in January 1995). Gordon was said to be "blown away" by their meeting. He was later contacted by Foxx, who asked about making a record together. Their first recording was made in Manchester. Gordon began playing the drums as a child, later progressing to bass guitar and guitar. He now predominantly plays keyboards and guitar doing one man shows with guest appearances by friends from the music industry often featuring . 
Louis started out busking all over the country before settling in Shrewsbury for a while, his live shows started at about tea time and carried on until he could go no more or the landlord pulled the plug . 
At the ATP festival in Kent Louis had his bottle of Absolute Vodka nicked by Sean Lennon and this traumatic experience led to Louis and his friend Alex taking Sean to the pub down the road where they dumped him to the mercy of hoards of nerdy trainspotters .
Instant Karma would hit them the next day when Radio 1 asked for some cd's and Lou realised that in all these years he had never made an album and so couldn't produce any product that might have got decent exposure. So the idea of making one was born and that summer closed gone fishing was made . Lou is now on the Toffeetones label as they treat him nice and don't expect much in return ...
Discography.
Solo.
http://soundcloud.com/hyperspacial/sets

</doc>
<doc id="21489908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489908" title="Niels Eje">
Niels Eje

Niels Eje (born Copenhagen 1954) is a Danish composer and oboist.
Niels Eje was educated at the Carl Nielsen Academy of Music in Denmark 1974 to 1979. Thereafter he studied with Lothar Koch of the Berlin Philharmonic.
His career included a position as principal oboist in the Danish National Symphony Orchestra, (1979 to 1990) performances in Europe, USA and Japan as soloist and chamber musician.
Niels Eje has composed and arranged a large repertoire for different classical ensembles as well as music for concerts, theatre, TV and documentaries. He is the founder of Trio Rococo (harp, Berit Spaelling, oboe Niels Eje, and cello, Inge Mulvad,) whose album 'Norwegian Wood' was released worldwide.
Niels Eje has participated on several recordings with various artists in a number of genres, including with Miles Davis on the album "Aura", and with Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, Berit Spaelling, Inge Mulvad in the album "In the Name of Music"
In 1998 Niels Eje founded the interdisciplinary project Musica Humana Research together with Professor Lars Heslet, Copenhagen University Hospital. The research projects were aimed at creating a new specially designed music environment in hospitals and with scientific methods documenting the effect. The music and research documentation is published under the name MusiCure.
Discography.
MusiCure.
Music composed and produced by Niels Eje and Inge Mulvad Eje:

</doc>
<doc id="21489909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489909" title="Drake (ward)">
Drake (ward)

Drake is an election ward within Plymouth, Devon, England. One of the main roads from the city to Tavistock and Dartmoor runs through the ward. In the past it played an important role in the supply of water to Plymouth, and it was the location of both a fatal bomb explosion and a large unexploded bomb during the Plymouth Blitz. The University of Plymouth has its main campus in this ward and the large student population has led to part of it being designated as one of the four areas subject to Designated Public Places Orders in the city. It is also the location of the city's main railway station, museum and public library.
History.
In 1591, Drake's Leat first supplied water to Plymouth. Its route came through what is now Drake ward, but was at the time outside the town walls. When Sir Francis Drake constructed the leat he ensured that he held the rights to build mills on it. At least two of those mills were within this ward; the site of the higher one was converted to a reservoir in the late 19th century and is now known as Drake's Place Reservoirs.
In common with much of the city, many buildings in this ward were destroyed or damaged during the Plymouth Blitz of World War II. In one fatal incident, on the night of 22 April 1941, a bomb fell on the Portland Square air-raid shelter killing over 70 civilians, including a mother and her six children. Human remains were found in the tops of trees, as a result of the bomb blast. In 2006 part of the remains of the shelter were rediscovered on the university campus, and an appeal was made to raise money for a public sculpture to honour those who lost their lives.
Another, non-fatal, incident occurred during a short sharp air raid on 14 June 1943. A 1,000 kg bomb came through the roof of the then main police headquarters in Greenbank Road, on the eastern edge of the ward. The bomb did not explode and came to rest on the first floor landing outside the court rooms and above the cells and the control room, both of which were occupied. There were also many police in the building at the time. The headquarters had to be evacuated for several days until this bomb and another that had landed in the adjoining building were made safe and removed.
After the Blitz, in 1943 a "Plan for Plymouth" was drawn up for redesigning the city. In that plan the part of Drake ward to the west of the Tavistock road was designated as the cultural precinct, and it was suggested that any extension of the Museum and Art Gallery should be there, as well as a new Technical College, centralized buildings of political and social organizations, youth organizations, a Health Centre, and headquarters and studios for the BBC. This aspect of the Plan was only partially fulfilled.
Geography and transport.
Drake ward is the smallest in area of the 20 wards in the city and is surrounded (clockwise from the north) by the wards of Compton, Efford and Lipson, Sutton and Mount Gould, St Peter and the Waterfront, Stoke, and Peverell. Its northern border is in the suburb of Mutley and it also forms the southern boundary of Ford Park Cemetery and part of Central Park.
The ward is roughly bisected by the main road to the town of Tavistock, the upper part called North Hill and the lower part, a short stretch of dual-carriageway, named Drake Circus after a former roundabout built in the early 20th century just beyond the ward's southern boundary. That site is now the location of Drake Circus Shopping Centre, opened in 2006.
The city's main railway station is at the western end of the ward.
Demography and governance.
The ward is within the Plymouth Sutton parliamentary constituency and has an electorate (voting population) of 5,391. At the 2001 census the population of the ward was 8,831, of which 3,695 (42%) were full-time students aged 18 or over. Over 43% of the accommodation was rented from private landlords or letting agencies.
The North Hill area of Drake ward is one of four areas of Plymouth that are subject to a Designated Public Places Order which prohibits the consumption of alcohol in designated public places. In 2007 there were 13 licensed premises on North Hill.
Drake ward was in the news in 2001 when one of its councillors resigned from the Conservative Party to defect to the Liberal Democrats. This was especially notable as the councillor, Karen Gillard, was the national chair of TORCHE, the Tory Campaign for Homosexual Equality.
Economy.
The largest employer by far is the University of Plymouth which has its main campus in the ward. The university educates over 30,000 students, employs 3,000 staff and has an annual income of around £160 million. The ward contains the Plymouth railway station, which is an important economical structure for the economy of Plymouth. Drake is within close proximity to the city centre of Plymouth and the Drake Circus Shopping Centre.
Landmarks.
The university's most prominent building is the Roland Levinsky Building, clad in copper and completed in 2007. On the opposite side of Drake Circus, the road, is Plymouth City Museum and Art Gallery and the adjoining Central Library, built in 1907 by Thornely and Rooke in Edwardian Baroque style.
Higher up North Hill are Sherwell United Reformed Church (1864) and St Matthias Church (1887). The former's spire and the latter's tower are both prominent elements on the city's skyline. Until 1990, Sherwell Church had an organ commissioned from Henry Willis in 1864; the organ is now in St Michael's Church, Great Torrington.
Drake's Place Reservoirs, constructed in the 1820s, are in North Hill just above Sherwell Church. They were expanded in 1891 and a 200 ft colonnade with a terrace on top was added so that people could relax by the water. The pillars of the colonnade were originally from "The Shambles" (butchers' stalls outside St Andrew's church) and from 1791 were re-used in the market before being relocated here. In August 2010, a grant of £500,000 was awarded by the National Lottery towards the preservation of the landmark.
Plymouth Royal Eye Infirmary, near the main railway station, was built in 1897 by Charles King and E. W. Lister. Unusually for an area that had a tradition of building in limestone, it was constructed in red brick with stone facings.

</doc>
<doc id="21489912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489912" title="Oncopera brunneata">
Oncopera brunneata

Oncopera brunneata is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in eastern Australia.
The larvae feed on dead leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="21489930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489930" title="Altina, Scythia">
Altina, Scythia

Altina was an ancient settlement or fortress in Scythia Minor. The site is now the modern village of Oltina.

</doc>
<doc id="21489944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489944" title="Australian property bubble">
Australian property bubble

The Australian property bubble is speculation that real estate prices in Australia have become overvalued. This may be a real estate bubble. The bubble theory has been proposed since at least 2001, yet Australian house prices have continued to rise. Some commentators, including one Treasury official, claim the Australian property market is a significant bubble. Others suggest it is not a bubble and that house prices have the potential to keep rising in line with income growth.
A real estate bubble or property bubble (or housing bubble for residential markets) is a type of economic bubble that occurs periodically in local or global real estate markets. It is normally characterized by rapid increases in valuations of real property such as housing until they reach unsustainable levels relative to incomes and rents, and then decline. Australian house prices relative to incomes and rents have increased consistently over the last decade.
Australian property market.
The Australian property market has shown steady increases of around 3% per annum since the 1970s. Since the 1990s however, prices have risen by around 6% per annum.
In the late 2000s, house prices in Australia, relative to incomes, were at levels similar to many comparable countries, prompting speculation that Australia was experiencing a real estate bubble like many comparable countries. Since then, several comparable countries have experienced property crashes.
Rising house prices.
All capital cities, with the exception of Sydney, have exhibited strongly increasing prices since about 1998-9. Sydney house prices increased from $573,000 to $671,500 (+17%) between 2003 and 2010 while other capitals have roughly doubled in price since 2003.
The 'Housing Affordability in Australia - Good house is hard to find' report stated that "the average house price in the capital cities is now equivalent to over seven years of average earnings; up from three in the 1950s to the early 1980s." 
Some factors that may have contributed to the increase in prices are;
These factors are stated to have increased property prices in Australia. Any one of these factors in isolation would be unable to provide the framework for the asset inflation now evident.
Influence of tax system.
Investors using their superannuation have a tax advantage compared to 'savers' who are effectively taxed up to 70% on income from bank interest or bonds. 
The RBA has noted that there are "a number of areas in which the taxation treatment in Australia is more favourable to investors than is the case in other countries."
Land price inflation, CPI and interest rates.
Total household debt as a percentage of disposable income was about 45% in 1990 and 155% in 2009. In the same period, housing debt to disposable income increased from about 35% to 140%.
The increase in debt was related to the easing of lending standards, negative gearing availability for second-hand homes, the First Home Buyers Grant and increase in household incomes.
Some of these factors added especially to the borrowing power of investors. Debt growth averaged 15% per annum compounding (1998–2009). During the same period national economic growth was less than 3% with debt stripped out.
Between 1998 and 2008 inflation was about 36% and property prices increased by more than 300% in all capital cities except Melbourne (up 280%) and Sydney (up 180%).
Foreign investment in residential property.
Information and statistics regarding foreign ownership of Australian property is currently unavailable due to censorship, blanking and redacting by the Federal Government
In December 2008, the federal government introduced legislation relaxing rules for foreign buyers of Australian property. According to FIRB (Foreign Investment Review Board) data released in August 2009, foreign investment in Australian real estate had increased by more than 30% year to date. One agent said that "overseas investors buy them to land bank, not to rent them out. The houses just sit vacant because they are after capital growth."
In April 2010, the government announced amendments to policies to "ensure that foreign non-residents can only invest in Australian real estate if that investment adds to the housing stock, and that investments by temporary residents in established properties are only for their use whilst they live in Australia."
Under the rules, temporary residents and foreign students will be:
Failure to do this would also lead to a government-ordered sale.
Surveys and popular commentary.
Several surveys and popular commentaries have suggested that the Australian housing market is overvalued.
The Economist (21 Oct 2010) found that Australian house prices were overvalued by 63.2%, stating that "Our analysis of 'fair value' in housing, which is based on comparing the current ratio of house prices to rents with its long-run average, suggests that China has less to worry about than the likes of Australia, which is again the most overvalued of the markets we track. That makes it all the more surprising that Australia’s central bank opted not to increase its benchmark interest rate this month." 
An earlier study by The Economist had found that Australian property was "the most overvalued of any of the 20 countries we track."
The Australian newspaper reported in May 2010 that house prices had "soared 20 per cent in the 12 months to March".
The Head of Financial Stability at the RBA has said that "If rental yields are very low, investors are buying properties without really thinking about the rental yield" and that "Buying an asset just because you are expecting the price to rise in the future, well that is actually the academic definition of a bubble."
Some surveys that take factors like disposable/discretionary income, credit availability, tax incentives and comparative dwelling size/quality into account place Australian cities as being relatively more affordable than some of the other cities in the world. For example the "Numbeo: House Price to Household Disposable Income Ratio" shows London at 15× disposable income, Singapore 14×, Tokyo 12×, New York 8× and Sydney 7×.
The GlobalProperty Most Expensive Cities 2009 survey (apartment price per sqm) shows Sydney at #28.
The "Mercer Most Expensive Cities" survey measures cost of living including housing and shows Sydney at #21.
The "CityMayors Expensive Cities" survey shows Sydney at #24.
Government inquiries related to housing.
In 2002, the government initiated a Productivity Commission Inquiry Report titled 'First Home Ownership'. The report observed "inter alia" that "general taxation arrangements gains tax, negative gearing, capital works deductions and depreciation provisions have lent impetus to the recent surge in investment in rental housing and consequent house price increases."
The government's response to the report stated that "There is no conclusive evidence that the tax system has had a significant impact on house prices."
In 2008, another study was commissioned – the 2008 Senate Select Committee on Housing Affordability in Australia. The report noted that "On some measures, housing affordability is at a record low." 
'Australia's Future Tax System' (AFTS) review, more commonly known as the 'Henry Tax Review', made a number of recommendations that would have impacted on the housing market, including:
In regard to recommendations of changes to tax policy that might impact the housing market, the Government advised "that it will not implement the following policies at any stage" (excerpt of list):
Warnings of overvaluation.
In 2003, the IMF's 'World Economic Outlook' warned that "housing bubbles in Australia, England, Ireland and the United States" would "burst".
In April 2008, the IMF again stated that Australia's property market was overvalued and close to 25% higher than could be explained by changes in underlying fundamentals. Other analysts argued that the rise in property prices was explained by peculiarities of the tax system.
In April 2010, "The Economist" house price indicators estimated Australian house prices were the most overpriced in the world, at 56.1% overpriced (against long-run average of price to rents ratio).
According to Edward Chancellor, a US-based investment strategist and financial author, Australia is "in the midst of an unsustainable housing bubble that could burst at any time" and "house prices are more than 50 per cent above their fair value — a once in 40-year event."
A counter view was expressed by a senior economist with the Commonwealth Bank, who stated that Australia did not have the high unemployment levels of the US or UK and that there was "an extremely low" rate of late debt payments. He also noted that Australia's high population growth was likely to lead to "an undersupply of dwellings in the next few years, not an oversupply."
Equally, Investment Bank Goldman Sachs (GS) reported in August 2010 that "Australian housing is not in a speculative bubble but could be up to 35 per cent overvalued," explaining that there is a "very big difference between a speculative bubble and a period of overvaluation."
In November 2010, The Weekend Australian reported that "Treasury officials preparing the so-called Red Book of briefs for the incoming government were as divided as private sector economists about the strength of the property market."
In December 2010, an MLC investments strategist observed that "residential property looks absolutely obscenely overvalued and seems to offer very, very poor investment prospects."
In March 2011, Morgan Stanley global strategist Gerard Minack said that "we've had 20 years where the Australian consumers have been willing to borrow more to buy an asset that they believe always goes up in value. The classic sign of an asset bubble." and that "home prices are 30 to 40 per cent above fair value."
In October 2009, it appeared that the pricing of homes was being inflated by actions taken in October 2008 aimed at addressing the fallout from the global financial crisis. Housing was identified as an asset class worth shoring up against the type of de-leveraging seen in the stock market.
The government increased assistance given to first home buyers as part of its 'Economic Stimulus Strategy'. A substantial reduction of RBA interest rates also played a part in maintaining prices. 
Effect of inflated housing prices on the greater economy.
Diverting capital away from the rest of the economy.
Increased residential housing costs can cause excessive lending to the residential housing sector, at the expense of businesses. This can lead to "a banking system which allocated capital away from the most productive areas of the economy — business — is ultimately bad for growth, bad for competition, bad for jobs, bad for business and in the end, bad for Australia."
Research conducted in overseas markets confirms that "in areas with high housing appreciation, banks increase the amount of mortgage lending and decrease the amount of commercial lending as a fraction of their total assets. This allocation results in firms receiving reduced loan amounts, paying higher interest rates, and reducing investment."
Mortgage and rent stress.
Increased housing prices and therefore increased borrowings can lead to difficulty in meeting housing payments. According to Ratings agency Standard & Poor's (S&P), "Arrears for sub-prime loans backing RMBS mortgage-backed securities jumped 126 basis points to 11.45 per cent"
Australian specific market factors.
The Australian market had several features either singly or together are not typical in other housing markets, being;
Timeline.
1985: Australian government quarantines interest expenses, so that interest can only be claimed against rental income, not other income.
1987: Negative gearing is reintroduced.
1998 to 2008: real net national disposable incomes increase by 2.8% a year on average from about $32,000 to about $42,000 per year. There is a rise in the number of two-income households, relaxation of lending standards, active promotion of real estate as an investment, population growth creating demand that was not matched by supply, planning and land release issues and a tax system that was skewed in favour of property investors.
1999: Capital Gains Tax reduced from 100 to 50 percent (for property held at least one year), while 100 percent of costs remained deductible.
2000: July - The Federal government introduces the First Home Owners Grant of $7,000 for established homes, and $14,000 for newly built homes.
2002: Urban Growth Boundary introduced for Melbourne, severely limiting land supply.
2003: The government, in seeking to address rapidly rising property prices, set up a Productivity Commission Inquiry.
2004: The Productivity Commission Inquiry on 'First Home Ownership' published its findings (No. 28, 31 March 2004). It identified several factors that had contributed to the rapid increase in real estate prices, including overall fairness of the tax system, lending regulations, lower interest rates and planning issues.
2008: A Senate Select Committee on Housing Affordability was established. Its final report 'A good house is hard to find' included dozens of recommendations.
2008: October - The First Home Owners Grant Boost is introduced as an addition to the First Home Owners Grant. This consisted of an extra $14000 available to first home owners buying or building a new home, as well as an extra $7000 made available for established homes. First Home Saver Accounts are also introduced, where the Federal Government will contribute up to $850 per annum towards savings for a deposit to purchase housing.
2008: December - FIRB rules allow temporary visa holders including students, to more easily buy up 'second-hand dwellings'. Changes did not require notification of sales be made to the FIRB and the $300,000 cap on price was removed.
2009: October - First Home Owners Grant Boost is withdrawn. The UNSW City Futures Research Centre director said "the boost has resulted in inflated prices" and had created "a bit of a mini-bubble". A senior economist of Housing Industry Association (HIA) said the boost has not pushed prices up significantly.
2009: November - "capital city house prices . . climbed average 10 per cent" in 2009. Melbourne led the "house price boom, with values up 14.9 per cent in the 10 months . . to an average of $481,247." 
2009: December - Reporting of RE data was questioned by one source: "AVERAGE house prices have been overstated by up to 18 per cent by the real estate industry . . . In September the average house price quoted by the Real Estate Institute of Victoria was $67,000 higher than the official figure, based on preliminary valuer-general data . . "
2010: January - The removal of First Home Owners Grant Boost. Mortgage applications reduce by 21.2%. First-home buyers account for 13.1 per cent of new loan applications in December, whereas nine months previously they were at 28.1 per cent.
"The Economist" warns that Australian prices had effectively raced ahead of reasonable rental yields stating; "In the American housing market . . homes are priced at around fair value on the basis of rental yields, but they are overvalued by almost . . 50% in Australia, Hong Kong and Spain." Spain subsequently had a property crash.
2010 March: ABS declares that house prices "soared 20 per cent in the 12 months to March" - a rate that was described as the "fastest ever recorded" in Australian history. The Head of Australian economics at National Australia Bank admits "This is a shocker".
2010: April - Rules allowing foreign investment in real estate that were introduced in 2008 are withdrawn. Temporary residents are required to sell their Australian property when they leave Australia.
2010: May - 'Australia's Future Tax System' (AFTS) Review (aka 'Henry Tax Review') makes a number of recommendations on policies that could affect the housing market.
The government responds to the AFTS review findings with a report 'Stronger, Fairer, Simpler: A Tax Plan for our Future'.
RBA Cash rate is raised to 4.5%. Rates for major banks now vary between about 7.2% and 7.5%.
2010: November - The RBA raises interest rates 0.25% to 4.75% citing the "economy is now subject to a large expansionary shock from the high terms of trade"
2011: February - New housing loans approved by Australian banks fall 5.6 per cent to a 10-year low in February.
2011: March - Prosper Australia launches a campaign for a "buyer's strike" in an effort to drive down prices.
2011: April - Melbourne median home price falls by $36000 (6%) to A$565,000 in March Quarter.
2011: May - The number of properties for sale in Melbourne double.
2011: June - Number of home loans in arrears 90 days overdue, rises to 15 year high.
2011: September Quarter - House prices fall 1.2% over the quarter.
2011: December Quarter - House prices fall 1.7% over the quarter in non-seasonally adjusted terms and 0.5% in seasonally adjusted terms -according to RP Data. House prices fall 1% over the quarter and 4.8% over the year according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
2012: March Quarter - House prices fall 1.1% over the quarter.
2012: October - The RBA cuts interest rates to 3.25%.
2012: December - The RBA cuts interest rates to 3.00%.
2013: April - Glenn Stevens is re-appointed as RBA Governor for 3 more years.
2013: May - The RBA cuts interest rates to 2.75%.
2013: August - The RBA cuts interest rates to 2.50%.
2013 - November - Statistics released by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority revealed that the total amount of residential term loans to households held by all ADIs (authorised deposit taking institutions) was $1.15 trillion. This was an increase of 1.7% on 30 June 2013 and an increase of 7.5 on September 2012. Furthermore, investment loans accounted for 33.1 per cent of the loans. Major banks held $933 billion of these loans.
2014 - January 1 - RP Data reveals that national residential prices increased by 9.8% in 2013, with Sydney increasing by 15.2%.
2014 - January 13 - Housing Finance statistics released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics shows the value of outstanding home loans financed by the ADIs was $1.25 trillion. $842 billion of that amount was for owner occupied housing and $412 billion was for investment housing loans.
For the sake of comparison, the total amount of outstanding residential home loans (owner occupier and investment) was $517 billion in at the end of May 2005. Subtracting this number from the latest one shows that since May 2005 outstanding home loans financed by authorised deposit taking institutions have increased by 140%. The compounded annual increase shows that this growth equated to 9.5% each year on average from 2005 until end of 2013. Based on this analysis it is evident that credit growth for housing is growing at decent rates every year which may be contributing to inflated house values as growth in credit can lead to asset price speculation.
2014 - February - House prices across the combined capitals in the month of February didn't experience growth, with some cities seeing a declined in property values.
2014 - March - In March 2014 speech by Reserve Bank of Australia governor, Glenn Stevens said that over leveraging into the property market isn’t guaranteed to result in profits and made the following statement ‘ We need to be careful that we do not take on too much leverage (debt compared with the asset value) on the expectation that ever-rising prices for the asset make that work out, because I think that would be a dangerous assumption.’ In March 2014 property prices across the nation broke records. Sydney prices rose by 2.8%, Melbourne 2.3%, Brisbane 2.9, Adelaide 1.4%, Perth 0.6%, Hobart 1.2%, Darwin 3.3% and Canberra 2.2%. Nation wide, the combined capitals experienced overall monthly growth of 2.3%.
2014: Data released by RP Data, APM, Residex and ABS in 2014 showed that Australian house prices continued to rise strongly throughout 2013 and 2014. This means the great Australian housing bubble has been expanding unsustainably for well over two decades, since the early-nineties, making it the largest, longest lasting and most dangerous bubble (of any type) that has ever existed anywhere in the world in known history.

</doc>
<doc id="21489951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489951" title="Oncopera intricata">
Oncopera intricata

The Tasmanian grassgrub or Corbie ("Oncopera intricata") is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Tasmania.
The larvae feed on "Fragaria" species as well as grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="21489954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489954" title="William &quot;Skippy&quot; Rohan">
William &quot;Skippy&quot; Rohan

William "Skippy" Rohan (July 5, 1871 - January 8, 1916) was a St. Louis gangster and an original member of Egan's Rats.
Born as William J. Ruane, Rohan grew up in North St. Louis's "Kerry Patch" neighborhood. As a young man, he found his way into many of the street gangs inhabiting his district. "Skippy" was known as a tough street fighter with nerves of steel. He didn't hesitate to attack police officers who attempted to stop him from committing crimes. Despite having a prominent chipped front tooth, Rohan was considered a ladies' man. People often commented on his half-lidded eyelids, which gave him a perpetually sleepy expression. No matter how many times he was arrested and thrown in the City Workhouse, Skippy Rohan was known as the wildest crook in the Kerry Patch. In 1892, two St. Louis detectives caught Rohan in a "stick-up". Skippy drew his revolver and shot one before he could react. The other detective was pistol-whipped so hard his skull was fractured. Rohan was only caught when a uniformed patrolman happened upon the scene and shot Skippy in the leg. 
By 1896, Skippy Rohan was associated with the Ashley Street Gang (the embryonic Egan's Rats). Most of the Ashley Street boys were just sneak thieves at this time and were awed to be hooked up with a notorious crook like Skippy Rohan, who took a primary position in the fledgling gang. He grew especially close to gangster Tom Egan. On June 16, 1897, Skippy Rohan was accused of shooting and killing a saloonkeeper named Casper Biemfohr during a robbery gone bad. Skippy and his pals had been on a crime spree that week, and the police set out to find the young thug. Skippy took refuge in "The Rookery", a large tenement at Fifteenth and O'Fallon streets that was crowded with refugees, criminals, and garbage. The cops finally surprised him in the alley behind 1218 Fifteenth Street. Skippy fought for his life, gouging, swinging, and biting. Even his girlfriend, Alice Parsons, tried to fight the police. Skippy was finally pistol-whipped unconscious and hauled off to jail.
Skippy's sister Catherine was married to a low-level member of the Ashley Street Gang named Carl Lohrman, who idolized his wild brother-in-law. While Skippy was locked up in the city jail, he was convinced that Lohrman was responsible for his arrest. On August 9, 1897, Carl Lohrman was lured to a meeting at Snake Kinney's saloon at Second and Carr with Tom Egan and John "Guinea Mack" McAuiliffe. As he left, Lohrman was stabbed to death at the corner of Sixth and Carr.
Despite the murder of the suspected snitch, Skippy Rohan made plans to avoid the hangman's noose on his own. On August 30, 1897, Rohan escaped from the St. Louis Workhouse along with Buck O'Malley and "Sport" Heffernan. Rohan would later claim he bribed a jailer to gain access to materials that led to his break. After robbing a local saloon for funds, he and his fellow escapees fled to Chicago, where they were re-captured four months later. Skippy Rohan was ultimately acquitted of the murder of Casper Beimfohr on May 22, 1898. While he was sent to prison on unrelated robbery charges, Rohan declared that he had found the Lord and reformed.
Over the next decade, Skippy Rohan would be in and out of prisons across the United States. He is known to have served time in New York's Sing Sing Prison. By 1914, Rohan had returned to his home town of St. Louis a broken down old thief. Years of hard living and prison time had taken their toll and Skippy Rohan truly aspired to go straight. Rohan married and obtained a job as a shoeworker. While he was away, his old gang, the Egan's Rats, had mushroomed into the most powerful criminal organization in the state of Missouri. His old pal, Tom Egan, was now looked upon as the crime boss of St. Louis. While Skippy frequently joined Egan for drinks at his saloon at Broadway and Carr streets, Rohan appears to have been serious about going legit. Skippy's life, however, would be changed by a chance encounter.
As a condition of his parole, Skippy Rohan would check in with St. Louis detectives at their headquarters at the corner of Twelfth and Clark streets. As he left one of these sessions in December 1915, Rohan ran into Egan gangster Harry "Cherries" Dunn, who mumbled a greeting and hurried away. It turned out that Dunn had visited the cops in order to offer to snitch on his fellow gang-mates in order to get his brother John sprung from an Illinois prison. As a result of this chance encounter, Cherries Dunn became paranoid that Tom Egan would find out about his disloyalty and kill him. As a result, Dunn was involved in at least two murders that month. It was later determined that his high-strung mental state resulted in him panicking and shooting in both cases. Skippy Rohan, now trying to live a normal life, was unfortunately oblivious to all this.
On the evening of January 7, 1916, Skippy Rohan and his friend August Hartmann attended a meeting for the shoemaker's union they belonged to. Afterwards, Rohan suggested they go have a few drinks in the old neighborhood. At 12:30 that morning, the two were in Tom Egan's saloon at Broadway and Carr. Even though it was a Friday night, the saloon was nearly empty. Egan's joint was a well-known gangster roost. The pair stood at the bar talking with bartender John Laker when Cherries Dunn suddenly barged in. Dunn told Laker to set the house up with drinks...except for Rohan. Skippy growled, "What's the matter with me?" To which Dunn sneered, "Go on, you snitch!". Rohan stepped away from the bar, but before he could speak Dunn shot him squarely on the nose. Another bullet struck Rohan in the heart before he collapsed to the floor.
While police suspected that Cherries Dunn had killed Skippy Rohan, they didn't charge him. It was later surmised that Dunn killed Rohan to keep him from revealing that he had been seen at the St. Louis police headquarters. Either way, Dunn was finished in the Egan's Rats to begin with. It was a long standing edict that no crimes were to be committed on the premises of Tom Egan's saloon. After killing a man (and longtime friend of the boss), Dunn was marked for death. Willie Egan managed to save Dunn's life for the time being, until two of his men shot Cherries to death in a Pine Street lid club nine months later.

</doc>
<doc id="21489968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489968" title="Table data gateway">
Table data gateway

Table Data Gateway is a design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a database table.

</doc>
<doc id="21489976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489976" title="Sybil Irving">
Sybil Irving

Sybil Howy Irving MBE (25 February 1897–28 March 1973) was the founder and controller of the Australian Women's Army Service during World War II. She served in this position from 1941 to 1946 and was active in charity and social organisations until she was aged 74.
Social work.
Irving was born on 25 February 1897 at Victoria Barracks in Melbourne. She was the oldest of three children and her father, Godfrey Irving, was an Army officer who later held senior positions in the Australian Army. The family moved frequently as her father was posted to new positions, and she was educated at schools in most states.
Irving worked in a number of social welfare positions after leaving school. During World War I she served in a Red Cross voluntary aid detachment in Australia. In 1924 she became secretary of the Girl Guides' Association, Victoria, a position she held until 1940. In 1935, she was one of the two founders of the Victorian Society for Crippled Children (and Adults) and worked for this organisation until her death. She was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) on 2 January 1939 for her services to social welfare services in Victoria. Irving left the Girl Guides Association in 1940 to work as Assistant-Secretary of the Victorian Red Cross Society.
War service.
In September 1941, Irving accepted an offer from the Army's Adjutant-General, Major General Victor Stantke, to lead the newly formed Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS). This appointment was mainly made on the basis of her family background and guiding experience, and Irving later acknowledged that she had "no qualifications at all" for the position. She was appointed Controller of the AWAS in October and immediately traveled around Australia to recruit officers. She was promoted to lieutenant colonel in January 1942, and successfully established a framework into which 24,000 female soldiers eventually enlisted.
Irving was based at the AWAS' headquarters in Melbourne throughout the war. One of her officers described her as "Impressive. She could be abrupt, decisive and self-assured in the public arena in a way women were not expected - or trained to be in those days, and this stood her in good stead". She used Guiding as the basis for the AWAS, and this practice drew both praise and criticism. She also supported the Australian Government's policy that members of the AWAS not operate weapons, arguing that "these girls will be the mothers of the children who will rebuild Australia. They must not have the death of another mother's son on their hands". Irving did not support the Government's restriction against servicewomen being deployed to operational areas in the South West Pacific Area, and succeeded in having this overturned in 1945.
Irving was promoted to colonel in February 1943, and had 20,000 women serving under her when the AWAS reached its peak strength in 1944. At the end of the war she encouraged AWAS members to undertake further training in order to find jobs in the civilian labour force, but only a small proportion of servicewomen did so. Irving left the Army in January 1947 when the AWAS was disbanded. She later wrote to all her former officers to inquire after their welfare and ask what they were doing in the post-war world.
Later life.
Irving returned to social work after completing her military service. In 1947, she became general secretary of the Victorian Division of the Red Cross and held this position until 1959. She was also appointed Honorary Colonel of the Women's Royal Australian Army Corps (WRAAC) when the Army re-formed its women's service in 1951. In 1960–61 she took a 13-month long holiday in Britain and Europe, during which time she resigned from the WRAAC in 1961.
After returning to Australia Irving worked as a consultant for the Victorian Old People's Welfare Council organising elderly citizens' clubs until she retired in 1971. She died on 28 March 1973 at her home in South Yarra and was buried with full military honours at Fawkner cemetery. Following her death Irving's friends and former colleagues raised funds for memorials to her in all of the Australian capital cities.

</doc>
<doc id="21489991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489991" title="Jere Hård">
Jere Hård

Jere Hård (born 7 December 1978 in Jyväskylä, Finland) is a retired male freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Finland. He twice swam for his native country at the Olympics: in 2000 and 2004. 
He mainly excelled in the – non-Olympic – 50 m butterfly event, in both long (50 m) and short course (25 m).

</doc>
<doc id="21490004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490004" title="Nuussuaq Heliport">
Nuussuaq Heliport

Nuussuaq Heliport is a heliport in Nuussuaq, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Upernavik Archipelago. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21490010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490010" title="Maschsee">
Maschsee

The Maschsee is an artificial lake situated south of the city centre of Hanover in Germany. Spanning an area of 78 hectares, it is the largest body of water within the capital of Lower Saxony. The lake is a popular recreation area as well as a venue for numerous water sports.
Name.
The name of the lake stems from the so-called “Leinemasch“, or simply ”Masch“, meaning swamp. This is the historical description for the area in which the lake was built, that was is a deep-lying floodplain of the River Leine.
Construction.
Design.
It was first considered to create a lake in the wide river valley of the River Leine near Hanover during the late 19th century. This tied in with the by-then necessary dyking of the River Leine and the River Ihme, which would regularly flood the city after snow melted in the Harz Mountains in spring. The creation of a lake could reduce the threat of high water levels and put the Leine’s river valley area to better use.
In the course of the decades there were further, very different designs: Small solutions and larger ones, which envisaged the "Schützenplatz" (shooting range) as an island in the lake. In September 1925 the newly elected city mayor Arthur Menge commissioned Otto Franzius, a water engineer and professor at the Hanover Technical College (now University of Hanover), to work out the details of the construction of a lake together with the city’s building authorities. Franzius was to be responsible for the designing of the hydro-engineering and hydrological elements of the project, while the city authorities, led by Karl Elkart, would handle the urban development aspects.
In contrast to the original idea that the lake be dug down into swamp land and then be supplied with water by the Leine, a new proposal emerged to built the Maschsee atop the swamp in a bowl-like structure – raising it higher than the water level of the Leine – and having it be filled using a system of water pumps. This would eradicate the problem of a potential accumulation of mud through flood waters.
Franzius created a final design that proved both effective and financially acceptable, whereupon the city authorities provided a grant of 14,000 Reichsmarks in January 1926 toward attempts to seal the basin of the proposed lake.
Despite the plans being completed it nevertheless took roughly eight years until the beginning of the 1930s for work to commence. The three main factors behind the creation of an artificial lake in the River Leine’s river valley were:
One factor against construction of the lake was the near 20 metre high Bismarck Tower which stood in the centre of the proposed water feature. Here, paramilitary marches took place and it was the site of a book burning in 1933. The landmark was eventually demolished in 1935 during the course of the lake’s construction.
Job creation.
In the 1930s, the era of the Great Depression, the city of Hanover lacked the necessary finance for the commencement of the Maschsee project, even though the project had already been planned some ten years earlier. The project was favourable for the Nazi Party that came to power in January 1933 as it would help reduce unemployment levels, which was a central theme of their propaganda. On 28 November 1933 the project was approved at a meeting of the city council.
On 21 March 1934 the first ground was broken in the Leine swamp. Despite the unsettled financing of the project, it provided many people with work. Driven by the harshness of the economic situation of the time, they took on tough working conditions and low pay which was barely much higher than unemployment support.
During construction fourteen locomotive trains with 365 tipping wagons were used along a 15 km track as well as diggers and five crawler tractors. Many workers though had to supply their own tools. Initially there were 100 people working on the project, but by its completion 1,650 people had been involved to excavate roughly 780,000 square metres of earth to create the lake basin.
With the Maschsee project fully completed by early 1936, the official opening took place on 21 May 1936. Hundreds of thousands of Hanoverians and guests looked on from the edge of the lake as the event began with the then-typical trooping of the Nazi Party. In addition some 6,000 sporting persons took part in a rally along with the armed forces and public officials.
During World War II the lake was covered up with canvasses and fake landscapes created on floating islands created, in an attempt to confuse Allied bomber pilots of their whereabouts during air raids on Hanover.
Water supply.
The water level loses a maximum of 1.3 centimetres per day through evaporation and , which equates to 10,000 cubic metres of water. In order to maintain a constant level, a pump station at a series of ponds in Ricklingen provides the Maschsee with a water supply. Its three pumps send water along an 800 metre long pipe to the "source" of the Maschsee. Depending on weather conditions, between 1-2 million m3 of water are required. From November until February no pumping is carried out, so the water level sinks on average 45 cm during this time.
Until 1960 the Maschsee’s water level was supplied by the "Maschsee Source" pump station. Its pumping and filtering houses were one of the first building projects at the site of the lake to be put into operation in November 1935. The plant is equipped with two pumps which are capable of raising 500 litres of water every second from the River Leine.
As the Leine is strongly contaminated with suspended sediment, the usage of this water supply meant that the Maschsee quickly began to silt up. The Hanover city administration therefore decided in 1960 to build the new pump station at the Ricklingen Ponds, in order to supply the lake with groundwater.
The old pumping house is only active today if the oxygen content of the water is too low, as this water is supplied to the lake through an open-air three-stage cascading system that raises oxygen levels. It is also put into use during the Maschseefest.
Today the old pumping house is used as a club house by the Hanover Sport Club.
Leisure activities.
Maschseefest.
Every summer the Maschseefest is held over several weeks beside the lake, which draws around two million visitors annually. The event was first staged in 1986 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Maschee’s opening. It features musical performances, cabaret, cuisine and firework displays.
Boats and ships.
During the summer months the Hanoverian transport company üstra operates boat trips on the lake using electrically powered vessels. Surrounding the Maschsee are numerous clubs for water sports (most popularly, rowing and sailing). During the year many diverse competitions are held on the lake, including the annual European Dragon Boat Race.
Between 1952 and 1989 motor boat competitions were regularly staged on the lake, which saw four world championships contested and ten European champions crowned.
Bathing.
The Maschsee Beach lies at the southern point of the lake. The former city open air pool was handed over by the city to a private investor in 2005. They began construction on an expensive commercial “wellness park“, whereupon the project stalled. In 2007 the investor group Aspria took over and continued the work.
In spring 2009 Aspria Hannover opened a private spa and sport club in the buildings of the old public facilities and some newly built premises. Aspria also took over the running of the public bathing area though since 2009 over half of the bathing area is only accessible to members of the private Aspria club.
Exercising.
With its proximity to the centre of Hanover, the Maschsee is a popular recreation area for the city’s walkers and joggers. In 2005 a 6 km long route around the lake was mapped out by the German Athletics Association. This track runs along the footpath, closer to the water than the asphalt-coated cycle path. Since 2003 the cycle path has also been open for roller skating usage.
Ice activities.
If the lake freezes in Winter with the thickness of the ice exceeding 13 cm, then the city authorities hoist a flag at the northern shore of the lake to indicate that it is permitted to go onto the ice. In periods of constant cold weather the lake can draw more than 10,000 visitors a day for activities such as ice skating and ice hockey. If the ice thickness reaches 20 cm then stalls can even be erected upon the ice too; this last occurred in 2003.
Art works.
Notable works of art on the northern side of the lake are the 6 metre high red steel ""Hellebardier"" sculpture by Alexander Calder (1972) as well as the bronze Olympic torchbearer that stands atop an 18.5 metre-high stone column and "Putto on the Fish" that were both created by Hermann Scheuernstuhl (1936).
Other sculptures on the eastern side are the ""Menschenpaar"" by Georg Kolbe (1936–37) and two lion sculptures created by Arno Breker (1938). In 1948 Erich Haberland unveiled his piece "The Swimmer", which stands in the public bathing area.
Spanish artist Santiago Sierra caused a sensation in 2005 when he remembered the fact that the Maschsee was built through a Nazi work programme by installing a walk-in room filled with mud at the Kestner Society Art Gallery.
A light art project was held around the lake at the start of 2009 under the title "New Moon on the Lake". The display consisted of 22 illuminated pieces that had been created by international artists, which formed the opening of the 2009 Garden Project in Hanover.
Accessibility.
The Maschsee lies close to such other notable places as the New City Hall, the Lower Saxony State Museum, the Sprengel Museum, the AWD-Arena (home of the football club Hannover 96), the main city indoor swimming pool as well as the Lower Saxony broadcasting houses of television channels NDR and ZDF.
The lake is directly accessible by using the bus stops at the AWD Arena and the Sprengel Museum. Additional bus and tram stops such as the Aegidientorplatz, Schlägerstraße, Geibelstraße, Altenbekener Damm and Döhren Tower also lie in relatively close proximity to the lake.
Numerous foot and cycle paths lead to the Maschsee and follow along its shoreline. The western side of the lake, where the club houses of numerous water sport clubs are situated, is only accessible by foot or cycle as vehicles are not permitted without official permission.

</doc>
<doc id="21490019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490019" title="24/7 (GusGus album)">
24/7 (GusGus album)

24/7 is the title of the seventh studio album by GusGus. The album was released on 14 September 2009 through the German label Kompakt, which delayed the record from the first announced release of 6 July 2009. The first single was "Add This Song", released on 22 June 2009, with remixes from Lopazz & Zarook, Gluteus Maximus, Patrick Chardronnet and Klovn. Beginning on 4 September 2009, a full album leak started spreading on various internet blogs and forums. On 19 October 2009, "Thin Ice" was released as the second single.

</doc>
<doc id="21490029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490029" title="List of short titles">
List of short titles

This is a list of stock short titles that are used for legislation in one or more of the countries where short titles are used. It is also a list of articles that list or discuss legislation by short title or subject.

</doc>
<doc id="21490042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490042" title="Row data gateway">
Row data gateway

Row Data Gateway is a design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a single database row.

</doc>
<doc id="21490050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490050" title="Carlos Rafael Fernández">
Carlos Rafael Fernández

Carlos Rafael Fernández (born in 1954) is an Argentine economist and was, from April 2008 to July 2009, the President's Minister of the Economy.
Fernández was born in La Plata, Argentina, in 1954, and was raised in nearby City Bell. Enrolling at the prestigious University of La Plata, he received a degree in economics in 1979, specializing in public administration. Affiliated to the populist Justicialist Party, the new administration of Carlos Menem appointed him Director of National Budget Policy for Provincial Spending. Remaining in the post during the difficult transition of numerous important federal programs to provincial budgets, Fernández was appointed Undersecretary of Budgetary Policy for the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina's largest, in 1997 by Governor Eduardo Duhalde.
Following the May 2003 election of Governor Néstor Kirchner as President, Fernández was named Secretary for Provincial Relations, the President's chief liaison with the nation's Governors, remaining in the post until May 2006 to fill a vacancy in the Domestic Economy Secretariat (an important post in the Economy Ministry). Tapped as Economy Minister of the Province of Buenos Aires by Governor Felipe Solá in March 2007, he was returned to the President's office as Budget Director on Cristina Kirchner's inauguration in December of that year.
A conflict between the National Customs Administrator, Ricardo Echegaray, and the head of the National Revenue Bureau, Alberto Abad, led to the dismissal of both and to Fernández's appointment on March 18, 2008 as National Revenue chief. Following the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector, touched off by a proposed increase in export taxes, the economist's non-confrontational style helped lead to his April 25 replacement of the less conciliatory Martín Lousteau as Minister of the Economy.
The ruling Front for Victory's defeat in the June 28, 2009, mid-term elections led to a cabinet reshuffle, and Fernández tendered his resignation to the President, effective July 7. He was replaced by Amado Boudou, Director of the National Social Security Administration (ANSeS).

</doc>
<doc id="21490054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490054" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 5000 metres">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 5000 metres

The men's 5000 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Tuesday, July 31, 1928 and on Friday, August 3, 1928.
Thirty-eight long-distance runners from 19 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Results.
Semifinals.
All semi-finals were held on Tuesday, July 31, 1928 and started at 5:10 p.m.
The best four finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
The final was held on Friday, August 3, 1928 and started at 2:30 p.m.
The same three runners finished on the podium than four years earlier in the 5000 metre event at the 1924 Games. But this time Ritola won the gold medal and Nurmi silver, Wide won the bronze medal again. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490065" title="Pablove Black">
Pablove Black

Pablove Black (born Paul Anthony Dixon, October 24, 1950) is a Jamaican reggae musician (keyboards and steel drums), arranger, composer, bandleader, vocalist and producer.
Biography.
Pablove started playing piano and steel drums in the mid-1960s and, within six months, made his first television appearance with Pan Master, Kelvin Hart and the all Trinidadian Federal All Star Steel Band. By 1968 he was a member of the UWI Carnival Champions, The Wanderers.
In 1971, Pablove, already exposed to the roots music of the Skatalites, joined the Studio One Crew, (Jamaica's Motown) and, under the watchful eyes of legendary producer Clement "Sir Coxsone" Dodd and jazz greats Jackie Mittoo (keyboards), Ernest Ranglin (guitar), and Roland Alphonso (saxophone), made invaluable contributions playing keyboards, arranging music and doing background vocals with legendary bassman *Earl "Bagga" Walker and the soul defenders for artists like Dennis Brown, Burning Spear, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor, and Johnny Osbourne. Pablove also worked at the Black Ark Studios of Lee Perry where he collaborated on products for Little Roy (Tribal War), and Junior Byles (Curly Locks), along with Junior Dan (bass) and Benbow (drums).
Since then he has travelled the world with the likes of Jimmy Cliff, Sugar Minnott and many more. Pablove Black is a name well known in the reggae circuit and he can still be heard on the tracks of current reggae stars such as Ras Mikey (ISOULJAHS), Etosi Brooks, Tashiba, Nanko, Kashief Lindo, and 3HOT3HANDLE.
Discography.
Singles.
High Locks / Soul Locks

</doc>
<doc id="21490071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490071" title="Kawatana Station">
Kawatana Station

Rapid SEA SIDE LINER and Local stop at this station.
Across the street from Kawatana Station is the Saihi bus Kawatana Bus station.Passengers for Hasami must change to a bus at this station.
Station layout.
The station is ground level with 2 platforms and 2 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21490106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490106" title="World Poker Tour bracelet">
World Poker Tour bracelet

The World Poker Tour bracelet is the World Poker Tour's (WPT) answer to the World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet. Beginning in 1976, the WSOP started awarding bracelets to winners of WSOP events. The WSOP bracelet has become synonymous with greatness. "It's impossible to overstate the value of a World Series of Poker gold bracelet to anyone who takes the game seriously," stated World Series of Poker Commissioner Jeffrey Pollack during the 2006 bracelet unveiling. "It is the equivalent of winning the Stanley Cup in hockey or the Lombardi Trophy in football." Since their introduction, a poker player's success has been measured by the number of bracelets they had won. With introduction of the WPT bracelet, the WPT hopes to capitalize on the prestige of winning poker bracelets. WPT Founder, President and CEO, Steve Lipscomb said, "The championship bracelet has become synonymous with poker as a symbol of achievement and respect, and we are honored to continue the tradition that Benny Binion founder of the WSOP began over 30 years ago."
While the event champions during the first six seasons did not initially receive bracelets, the WPT presented them with bracelets at a special event at the Bellagio in Las Vegas on April 21, 2008. The bracelets are made from titanium and diamond by Tiffany and Company. The HendonMob, a respected online poker site, describes the bracelet, "A diamond bracelet commissioned by Tiffany might sound nice in principle but the first pictures of them released by the WPT have not been especially well received. In fact they look a bit like a bondage accessory."

</doc>
<doc id="21490113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490113" title="Trictena atripalpis">
Trictena atripalpis

The Bardee or Bardy or Bardi Grub or Rain Moth or Waikerie ("Trictena atripalpis") is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in the whole southern half of Australia.
The caterpillar is used extensively by fishermen as bait. This is where the common name "Bardee", "Bardi", "Badee", or "Bargi grub" is derived from. This name is also used for the larva of the beetle "Bardistus cibarius", "Cerambycid" species, as well as various ground dwelling and wood boring moth larvae. The other common name, "Rain Moth", stems from the fact that adults often emerge after rain, typically in autumn.
The wingspan is about 120 mm for males and 160 mm for females. The moths have fawn wings with two silver flash markings across each forewing.
The adult females deposit a great number of eggs. In one instance, a dissected female carried over 40,000.
The larvae feed on Casuarina pauper and Eucalyptus species, especially Eucalyptus camaldulensis.

</doc>
<doc id="21490126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490126" title="Hanabila Mosque">
Hanabila Mosque

The Hanabila Mosque or Darwish Pasha Mosque (; also called Muzaffari Mosque), is an early Ayyubid-era mosque in Damascus, Syria. It is located in the al-Salihiyah quarter of Damascus, on a side street off Abd al-Ghani al-Nabulsi Lane, outside the fortifications of the old city.
History.
The Hanabila Mosque was built between 1202 and 1213 for the followers of the Hanbali school of Islam. The construction began under the patronage of "Sheikh Maqdisi" and was completed by "Muzaffar al-Din Abu Sa'eed al-Kawkaboori", a prince from Arbil. It is the first Ayyubid dynasty monument built in Damascus and the oldest surviving mosque after the Umayyad Mosque.
Architecture.
The mosque's plain façade hides an elaborate courtyard and a prayer hall modeled after the Umayyad Mosque. Its plan is composed of a rectangular prayer hall preceded by an arcaded courtyard to the north, with a minaret to the northeast corner of the courtyard.
Courtyard.
The "sehan" (mosque courtyard) has a "Şadirvan" (central fountain) and is surrounded by a "riwaq" (mosque arcade) on three sides that is carried on stone piers. The arcade columns are crowned with Roman or Byzantine capitals, and the gallery wall above the arcade is punctured by numerous arched windows. The southern wall of the courtyard, which holds the main entrance to the prayer hall, is built with alternating stone courses of basalt and limestone. Located behind the arcade at the northeast corner of the courtyard, the minaret is shifted from the main axis of the mihrab with the main entrance. The minaret is similar to al-Aruss minaret of the Umayyad Mosque; it is a tall tower crowned with a wooden balcony and a stone finial.
Interior.
The prayer hall is divided into three aisles with heavy piers and columns, carrying stone arches that support a pitched timber roof. The "mihrab" is a shallow niche on the "qibla" wall, and is set in a rectangular frame decorated with geometric patterns and topped by a line of Quranic inscription. The "mihrab" niche is crowned with a "muqarna" (decorated semi-dome) and framed with two Roman columns. The mihrab is flanked from each side by two arched windows currently blocked by air-conditioning equipment.
The prayer hall is lit through large casements placed inside heavy stone frames located at regular intervals at the ground level. The southern wall has a second tier of windows, some of which are made of colored glass. A few other colored windows lighten either end of the pitched roof. Windows flanking the main entrance on the north wall are richly decorated with stucco panels carved with floral motifs and text at their tympanum. To the right of the "mihrab", a wooden "minbar" (raised pulpit), the oldest in Syria, displays fine wood carving, with interlocking geometric shapes and intricate floral motifs.

</doc>
<doc id="21490159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490159" title="Vacansoleil-DCM">
Vacansoleil-DCM

Vacansoleil-DCM Pro Cycling Team was a Dutch professional road race cycling team. They were a UCI ProTeam and competed in the UCI World Tour. The team was established in 2008, as the successor of P3 Transfer-Batavus, while also taking over many of the riders and staff of Cycle Collstrop, the former team of manager Van der Schueren. Neither Vacansoleil or DCM renewed their sponsorship of the program after the 2013 season.
History.
The team made their debut on the road in 2009. The team's title sponsor Vacansoleil is a European company which organizes luxury camping holidays. DCM is a manufacturer of premium quality soil fertility products. Following the loss of Vacansoleil as a sponsor, it was decided to close down the team. However Hilaire van der Schueren announced the creation of a new team at the UCI Professional Continental level with sponsorship from Wanty for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21490173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490173" title="Nanos (plateau)">
Nanos (plateau)

Nanos (; ) is a karst limestone plateau at the eastern border of the Inner Carniola in southwestern Slovenia.
Geography.
The plateau is about wide and long in the northern extension of the Dinaric Alps. The highest point of the plateau is Dry Peak (, ). The plateau is traversed by the Slovene Mountain Trail, the oldest interconnecting trail in Slovenia. The most popular destination on Nanos and part of the trail is Pleša Peak () with the Vojko Lodge (, named for the Slovene Partisan Janko Premrl, a.k.a. Vojko) below its summit. In 1987, the southern and western slopes of Nanos were declared a regional park with an area of .
History.
In Antiquity, Nanos was known as "Ocra". Nanos is mentioned as "Nanas" in Johann Weikhard von Valvasor's 1689 work "The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola".
Nanos has an important symbolic place in the history and identity of Littoral Slovenes. In September 1927, the anti-Fascist insurgent organization TIGR was founded on the Nanos Plateau. On 18 April 1942, the Battle of Nanos took place at Nanos. It was one of the first battles between the Partisan insurgence in the Slovene Littoral, led by Janko Premrl, and the Italian Army, and was the beginning of the struggle for the western border between the two nations.
Demographics and economy.
There are around 35 residents domiciled on Nanos Plateau. They got electricity in 2006. Their most highly valued product is the Nanos cheese, produced already in the 16th century and, since October 2011, the protected designation of origin label. Today, it is made of cow milk, although before World War II, it was made of sheep milk. The number of sheep on the plateau dropped significantly since then. Residents are also living from tourism.
The Nanos transmitter.
The Nanos transmitter is a FM-/TV-broadcasting facility consisting of a 50 m guyed tower, a guyed mast, which may be a bit less tall, and a small guyed mast. The transmitter building has many dishes for radio relay links. The Nanos transmitter went into service in 1962 and played an important role in introducing PAL-standard color TV in the former Yugoslavia. The facility was attacked during the Slovene independence war in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21490193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490193" title="Maduda">
Maduda

Maduda is a village in Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The town lies at an altitude of 1059 ft (322 m) above sea level, and is northeast of the larger town of Tshela, to which it is connected by road. There are waterfalls to the north and southeast of the village. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490194" title="Lied (disambiguation)">
Lied (disambiguation)

Lied may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21490209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490209" title="Hrašče, Vipava">
Hrašče, Vipava

Hrašče () is a small village in the upper Vipava Valley, on the western slopes of Mount Nanos, in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21490241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490241" title="Opogona comptella">
Opogona comptella

Opogona comptella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found from southern Queensland to Tasmania as well as in New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 15 mm.
The larvae feed on the bark of "Salix vitellina" and the galls of "Acacia dealbata" (caused by the rust fungus "Uromycladium tepperianum") and "Acacia melanoxylon" (caused by the fly "Cecidomyia acaciaelongifoliae").

</doc>
<doc id="21490244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490244" title="Sir Richard Hutton, the younger">
Sir Richard Hutton, the younger

Sir Richard Hutton, the younger (1594–1645) was a Yorkshire landowner and Member of Parliament for Knaresborough who lost his life in the English Civil War.
Sir Richard Hutton inherited substantial estates at Goldsborough and Flaxby including the Jacobean Goldsborough Hall on the death of his father. He was the second but oldest surviving son of Sir Richard Hutton (1560–1639), the lawyer who had defied Charles I over ship money.
He was firstly married to Anne Wentworth whose brother was Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford, (who was impeached by the Long Parliament and beheaded in 1641). He was married secondly to Elizabeth Wolstenholme.
Sir Richard Hutton, the younger was knighted by Charles I in 1625 and became one of the two MPs for Knaresborough during the 1620s. He was High Sheriff of Yorkshire and Governor of Knaresborough Castle when the English Civil War broke out and joined the Royalist Army as a Colonel.
Sir Richard defended Knaresborough Castle for four years until Sir Thomas Fairfax attacked. He fought at the Battle of Marston Moor and was taken prisoner in 1644 though he escaped along with his friend Sir Henry Slingsby to York. York finally surrendered to Fairfax and the Scots and Hutton and Slingsby marched with their men to rejoin the Royalist army. Meanwhile Goldsborough Hall had been occupied by Oliver Cromwell's army and the Hall still has hooks in the attic where Cromwell's men would have hung their hammocks. There is an account by Sir Henry Slingsby of the march from York to Otley via Knaresborough escorted by the Parliamentarian troops. According to Sir Henry, on the second day they passed Goldsborough where Edward Whalley, Cromwell's cousin and Lieutenant Colonel, was billeted with his men. Whalley invited Sir Richard to leave the army and return with him to his house and family at Goldsborough. However Sir Richard declined saying that he was firmly attached to the Royalist cause.
Sir Richard left their escort at Otley and marched on to Skipton and into Lancashire. He was killed on 15 October 1645 at the battle of Sherburn-in-Elmet while Slingsby survived the civil war but was beheaded in 1658.
It is unclear who took over the estate on the death of Sir Richard. There is evidence of a son, also called Richard, who was involved in a royalist plot along with his father's friend Sir Henry Slingsby and imprisoned in Hull. Also evidence of a daughter called Anne. The estate at Goldsborough passed by marriage to the Wharton family and again by marriage to the Byerley family of Byerley Turk fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21490256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490256" title="Jarno Pihlava">
Jarno Pihlava

Jarno Pihlava (born May 14, 1979 in Raisio, Finland) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from Finland. He twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 2000 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21490266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490266" title="Kenneth Gandar-Dower">
Kenneth Gandar-Dower

Kenneth Cecil Gandar-Dower (31 August 1908 – 12 February 1944) was a leading English sportsman, aviator, explorer and author.
Born at his parents' home in Regent's Park, London, Gandar-Dower was the fourth and youngest son of independently wealthy Joseph Wilson Gandar-Dower and his wife Amelia Frances Germaine. Two of his elder brothers, Eric and Alan Gandar Dower, served as Conservative Members of Parliament.
Gandar-Dower attended Harrow School, where he played cricket, association football, Eton Fives and rackets and, with Terence Rattigan, wrote for "The Harrovian". He then received a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge in 1927 to read History, gaining an upper second. More important, he won athletic blues in billiards, tennis and real tennis, Rugby Fives, Eton Fives and rackets. In addition, Gandar-Dower edited "Granta" magazine and chaired the Trinity debating society.
Sporting career.
Gandar-Dower became a leading tennis player, competing in a number of tournaments throughout the 1930s, including Wimbledon and the French Championships. He was nicknamed "The undying retriever" for his ability to run large distances during matches.
At the 1932 Queen's Club Championship in London Gandar-Dower had his greatest tennis success when he defeated Harry Hopman in three sets. Newspaper reports stated that he "had Hopman perplexed with his unorthodox game and the number of astonishingly low volleys from apparently impossible positions."
Gandar-Dower also won the British Amateur Squash championships in 1938 and continued to play cricket competitively throughout the 1930s.
Gandar-Dower twice won the principal trophy in Eton Fives – the Kinnaird Cup – in 1929 and 1932, and was in the defeated pair in the 1931 final.
Gandar-Dower caused a reputation for himself in real tennis through his tactic of getting to the net as quickly as possible and volleying everything in sight. This was frowned upon by traditionalists and it was considered that Gandar-Dower "disrupted the game for a while".
Aviator.
In June 1932, with minimal flying experience, Gandar-Dower entered the King's Cup Air Race and "soon became one of the most colourful aviators of his era", making one of the first flights from England to India.
Explorer.
In 1934 Gandar-Dower led an expedition to Mount Kenya and the Aberdare Range in an attempt to capture a Marozi, a spotted lion rumoured to exist. While he failed to capture or photograph a marozi (which remains undiscovered), Gandar-Dower did find three sets of tracks believed to be marozi and discovered that locals differentiated marozi from lions or leopards.
He spent 1935 and 1936 in the Belgian Congo and Kenya, where he climbed active volcanoes and produced a definitive map of Mount Sattima.
Cheetah racing.
Gandar-Dower returned to England in 1937 with twelve cheetahs with the intention of introducing cheetah racing to Great Britain. After six months' quarantine and six months' adapting themselves to the changed climatic conditions at Harringay and Staines stadia, the cheetahs began to race at Romford Greyhound Stadium, disproving the belief that greyhounds were the fastest animals in the world, as the cheetahs were able to clip seconds off almost every greyhound record, including the best time for 355 yards, which was 20.75 seconds until broken by cheetah Helen, who covered the distance in 19.8 seconds.
However, cheetah racing ultimately failed as the cheetahs were not competitive enough with no interest in pursuing the hare and could not negotiate tight bends. Gandar-Dower also caused uproar at the Queen's Club when he brought a male cheetah into the bar on a leash.
Writing career.
Gandar-Dower was also a successful author, writing about his adventures. His titles include:
World War II.
At the outbreak of World War II Gandar-Dower was in the Belgian Congo photographing gorillas. Returning to England, he then worked on the Mass-Observation project with Tom Harrisson before being hired by the Government of Kenya to improve its public relations with the native inhabitants, producing a number of works that the government considered "excellent". Later he acted as a war correspondent, covering campaigns in Abyssinia and Madagascar, travelling vast distances by bicycle and canoe. At Tamatave in eastern Madagascar he came under heavy fire, leaping from an amphibious vessel carrying a bowler hat, a typewriter, and an umbrella.
On 6 February 1944 Gandar-Dower boarded the SS "Khedive Ismail" at Kilindini Harbour at Mombasa, bound for Colombo. While approaching Addu Atoll in the Maldives, on 12 February 1944, the vessel was attacked by Japanese submarine I-27. Struck by two torpedoes, the "Khedive Ismail" sank in two minutes, with a death toll of 1297, Gandar-Dower among them. 
Gandar-Dower's obituary in "Wisden" stated that "he was one of the most versatile player of games of any period." A wealthy man, Gandar-Dower left over £75,000 in his will.

</doc>
<doc id="21490300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490300" title="INS Magar (L20)">
INS Magar (L20)

INS "Magar" (L20) is the lead ship of her class of amphibious warfare vessels of the Indian Navy.
Fire.
On the 22nd of February 2006, at around 5 pm local time, an accidental fire broke out on the ship. It was caused while the ship was engaged in dumping expired ammunition, and one of the boxes of ammunition caught fire. At the time of the accident the Magar was in the Bay of Bengal, around from Vishakapatnam. Casualties included three deaths and a further six sailors sustaining injuries. The injured were rushed to a naval hospital in Vishakapatnam by the Sea King helicopter on board.

</doc>
<doc id="21490303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490303" title="Moerarchis inconcisella">
Moerarchis inconcisella

Moerarchis inconcisella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in eastern Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. 
The larvae feed on the bark or wood of the rotting logs they live in. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490306" title="Bharatiya Gorkhali Welfare Association">
Bharatiya Gorkhali Welfare Association

Bharatiya Gorkhali Welfare Association (BGWA) (Nepali: भारतीय गोर्खाली कल्याण समिति) is a non-political social organisation established in 1981 in Bangalore, Karnataka. It has undertaken a lot of initiatives in serving the Gorkha(Nepali) community.
Vision and Mission.
Bharatiya Gorkhali Welfare Association is a non-political non-profit organisation formed with the vision of a United and Progressive Gorkhali Community.
The mission of Bharatiya Gorkhali Welfare Association involves an endeavour to provide welfare, foster social and cultural bonding and stimulate advancement of the community in general.
Activities.
BGWA has performed numerous services for the welfare of the Gorkhas, including:
Current initiatives.
Sahayog.
This is a BGWA initiative for providing free accident insurance to its members. It was launched on 25 January 2009 at the occasion of the 14th General Body Meeting of the BGWA. A group of students and members from the unorganised sector, who do not get insurance cover from their employers have been provided insurance. This initiative will spread to all the members of BGWA who lack such insurance cover. BGWA can also arrange for health insurance to its members at a very low premium. Sahayog has entered into a partnership with a reputed NGO to help facilitate the paperwork and claims procedure for the insurance policy so that the members will have a steady support in their times of need. Additional facilities of Sahayog include opening of a bank account (with debit card facility) for the members from the unorganised sector.
Aashwas.
A series of career counselling, personality development and vocational training programmes. As an attempt to attain its objective of advancement of the Gorkha community, Aashwas (Nepali translation being "Reassurance") has been organised by corporate and industry professionals residing in Bangalore. With the enthusiasm and drive to share professional wisdom and acumen to the budding sections of community, Aashwas provides a ready forum to students and professionals alike, wherein ideas and concepts are freely discussed and exchanged - all within the hope that the younger generations of our community become aptly equipped to take on the professional world as and when they do so. To those from the non-corporate arenas, Aashwas is roping in stalwarts from respective industries in order to buttress their positions and growth prospects thereon. Aashwas is a social welfare initiative of BGWA, wherein NO remuneration has been charged by the professionals in mentoring the attendees.
Sajilo.
BGWA's initiative Sajilo - Hami Sabai Ko Lagi is aimed at sharing information amongst the Gorkhas in Bangalore. This is done via the BGWA website, emails and SMSes.
Gorkha Saanjh.
A cultural event was organised in Bangalore by the Bharatiya Gorkhali Welfare Association on the evening of 14 September 2008 at the St. Johns Auditorium, Koramangala, Bangalore. The cultural festival was attended by over 2000 people.
The second Gorkha Saanjh was organised on 12 September 2009 at Ambedkar Bhavan, Bangalore. The theme for Gorkha Saanjh 2009 was "Tapaiko Sahayog, Hamro Aashwas" with the objective of raising funds for the two social welfare initiatives of BGWA.
Mantra - Live in Bangalore.
On 19 September 2010, BGWA organized a concert by Mantra, a Nepali rock band from Darjeeling, at St. Johns Auditorium, Koramangala, Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="21490330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490330" title="Shaoxing University">
Shaoxing University

Shaoxing University () is located in Shaoxing, Zhejiang, China.
History.
The university was originally founded in 1909 as the Shankuai Primary Normal School. The great modern Chinese author Lu Xun (1881-1936) is a native of Shaoxing. He was the education inspector for the school. In 1996, Shaoxing University was established from the merger of several higher education institutions such as Shaoxing Teachers College and Shaoxing Advanced Professional College. 
Administration.
The university is organised into the following administrative divisions. 
Colleges and Departments.
The university is organized into the following colleges and departments. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490332" title="Andrew Freeman (musician)">
Andrew Freeman (musician)

Andrew Freeman is a vocalist and guitarist who has played for a number of bands. Most notably for the punk rock group, The Offspring, and for hard rock guitarist George Lynch's Lynch Mob. In early 2014 Freeman joined the critically acclaimed production show "Raiding the Rock Vault" at the Las Vegas Hotel where he performs five shows a week with other Rock'n Roll greats like Robin McAuley (formerly Survivor, MSG), John Payne (Asia), Howard Leese (Bad Company, Heart), Paul Shortino (Quiet Riot), Doug Aldrich (Whitesnake) and more.
The Offspring.
Andrew was added as the touring guitarist and backup vocalist to punk rock band
The Offspring on their 2008 tour for their album "Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace".
Soapbox Conspiracy.
Soapbox Conspiracy was a short lived music project,that featured Andrew Freeman on Vocals,
Shane Vetter – Guitars (X-Days of the New)
Johny Chow - Bass (Cavalera Conspiracy, Fireball Ministry, Systematic)
Jay Bomb – Drums (Sex Slaves)
Lynch Mob.
Andrew has performed on three tours as the lead vocalist with Dokken / Lynch Mob guitarist George Lynch. Including a much talked about feature on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and a headlining show at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood, CA. Other members of Lynch Mob when Andrew was vocalist were Vinny Appice (Black Sabbath/Dio), Marten Andersson (Lizzy Borden, Starwood), Rob De Luca (Spread Eagle, UFO, Sebastian Bach), John Macaluso (YNGWIE MALMSTEEN, TNT), Michael "FRO" Frowien (War & Peace).
Thirty Stones.
As the guitarist, co-songwriter and co-producer for the Massachusetts band Thirty Stones. The band enjoyed success having their CD Canvas, produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris (Hatebreed, Shadows Fall), chart as high as 5 on FMQB's Metal Detector and CMJ Crucial Spins. The band performed 250 plus shows in 2003, appearing with bands such as Sevendust, Staind, Shadows Fall, Powerman 5000, Dope, Nonpoint, Hed PE, and Lacuna Coil among others. Thirty Stones were also featured on 10 different compilation CDs released by Cleopatra Records that included artists Iggy Pop, Bill Ward (Black Sabbath), and Jimmy Page (Led Zeppelin). Thirty Stones reformed at the end of 2010 and were featured as the cover story of The Valley Advocate The band performed a few shows in Massachusetts and California.
Blockk 16.
Andrew handled guitar duties and songwriting on Blockk 16's Too Brutal for Radio. The CD also featured Chris Caffery - Guitar (Savatage, Trans Siberian Orchestra) Rick Skatore - Bass Barak - drums (Mosh Ben Ari]om/pages/RAETHOVEN/117431153813 Ray Freeman Jr - vocals along with a guest appearance by Ray West(Spread Eagle). The CD is distributed through Century Media and was 4 on the CMJ Crucial Spins Most Added chart. Blockk 16 also tracked on 5 different compilation CDs released by Cleopatra Records. The band performed a short east coast tour with metal band, Y&T in 2005.
Hurricane.
In 2010, Freeman joined 80's rock band Hurricane as the lead vocalist. He went on to record a CD and perform live with them.

</doc>
<doc id="21490336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490336" title="Scripting language">
Scripting language

A scripting language or script language is a programming language that supports scripts, programs written for a special run-time environment that can interpret (rather than compile) and automate the execution of tasks that could alternatively be executed one-by-one by a human operator. Environments that can be automated through scripting include software applications, web pages within a web browser, the shells of operating systems (OS), and embedded systems. A scripting language can be viewed as a domain-specific language for a particular environment; in the case of scripting an application, this is also known as an extension language. Scripting languages are also sometimes referred to as very high-level programming languages, as they operate at a high level of abstraction, or as control languages, particularly for job control languages on mainframes.
The term "scripting language" is also used loosely to refer to dynamic high-level general-purpose language, such as Perl, Tcl, and Python, with the term "script" often used for small programs (up to a few thousand lines of code) in such languages, or in domain-specific languages such as the text-processing languages sed and AWK. Some of these languages were originally developed for use within a particular environment, and later developed into portable domain-specific or general-purpose languages.
Conversely, many general-purpose languages have dialects that are used as scripting languages. This article discusses scripting languages in the narrow sense of languages for a specific environment; dynamic, general-purpose, and high-level languages are discussed at those articles.
The spectrum of scripting languages ranges from very small and highly domain-specific languages to general-purpose programming languages used for scripting. Standard examples of scripting languages for specific environments include: Bash, for the Unix or Unix-like operating systems; ECMAScript (JavaScript), for web browsers; and Visual Basic for Applications, for Microsoft Office applications. Lua is a language designed and widely used as an extension language. Python is a general-purpose language that is also commonly used as an extension language, while ECMAScript is still primarily a scripting language for web browsers, but is also used as a general-purpose language. The Emacs Lisp dialect of Lisp (for the Emacs editor) and the Visual Basic for Applications dialect of Visual Basic are examples of scripting language dialects of general-purpose languages. Some game systems, notably the Trainz franchise of Railroad simulators have been extensively extended in functionality by scripting extensions.
Characteristics.
In principle any language can be used as a scripting language, given libraries or bindings for a specific environment. Formally speaking, "scripting" is a property of the primary implementations and uses of a language, hence the ambiguity about whether a language "is" a scripting language for languages with multiple implementations. However, many languages are not very suited for use as scripting languages and are rarely if ever used as such.
Typically scripting languages are intended to be very fast to pick up and author programs in. This generally implies relatively simple syntax and semantics. For example, it is uncommon to use Java as a scripting language due to the lengthy syntax and restrictive rules about which classes exist in which files – contrast to Python, where it is possible to briefly define some functions in a file. A scripting language is usually interpreted from source code or bytecode. By contrast, the software environment the scripts are written for is typically written in a compiled language and distributed in machine code form. Scripting languages may be designed for use by end users of a program – end-user development – or may be only for internal use by developers, so they can write portions of the program in the scripting language. Scripting languages abstract their users from variable types and memory management.
Scripts are often created or modified by the person executing them, though they are also often distributed, such as when large portions of games are written in a scripting language. In many implementations a script or portions of one may be executed interactively on a command line.
History.
Early mainframe computers (in the 1950s) were non-interactive, instead using batch processing. IBM's Job Control Language (JCL) is the archetype of languages used to control batch processing.
The first interactive shells were developed in the 1960s to enable remote operation of the first time-sharing systems, and these used shell scripts, which controlled running computer programs within a computer program, the shell.
Calvin Mooers in his TRAC language is generally credited with inventing "command substitution", the ability to embed commands in scripts that when interpreted insert a character string into the script. Multics calls these "active functions". 
Louis Pouzin wrote an early processor for command scripts called RUNCOM for CTSS around 1964. Stuart Madnick at MIT wrote a scripting language for IBM's CP/CMS in 1966. He originally called this processor COMMAND, later named EXEC. Multics included an offshoot of CTSS RUNCOM, also called RUNCOM. EXEC was eventually replaced by EXEC 2 and REXX.
Languages such as Tcl and Lua were specifically designed as general purpose scripting languages that could be embedded in any application. Other languages such as Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) provided strong integration with the automation facilities of an underlying system. Embedding of such general purpose scripting languages instead of developing a new language for each application also had obvious benefits, relieving the application developer of the need to code a language translator from scratch and allowing the user to apply skills learned elsewhere.
Some software incorporates several different scripting languages. Modern web browsers typically provide a language for writing extensions to the browser itself, and several standard embedded languages for controlling the browser, including JavaScript (a dialect of ECMAScript) or XUL.
Types of scripting languages.
Glue languages.
Scripting is often contrasted with system programming, as in Ousterhout's dichotomy or "programming in the large and programming in the small". In this view, scripting is particularly glue code, connecting system components, and a language specialized for this purpose is a glue language. Pipelines and shell scripting are archetypal examples of glue languages, and Perl was initially developed to fill this same role. Web development can be considered a use of glue languages, interfacing between a database and web server. The characterization of glue languages as scripting languages is ambiguous, however, as if a substantial amount of logic is part of the "glue" code, it is better characterized as simply another software component.
A glue language is a programming language (usually an interpreted scripting language) that is designed or suited for writing glue code – code to connect software components. They are especially useful for writing and maintaining:
Glue language examples: 
Macro languages exposed to operating system or application components can serve as glue languages. These include Visual Basic for Applications, WordBasic, LotusScript, CorelScript, PerfectScript, Hummingbird Basic, QuickScript, SaxBasic, and WinWrap Basic. Other tools like awk can also be considered glue languages, as can any language implemented by an ActiveX WSH engine (VBScript, JScript and VBA by default in Windows and third-party engines including implementations of Rexx, Perl, Tcl, Python, XSLT, Ruby, Delphi, &c). A majority of applications can access and use operating system components via the object models or its own functions.
Other devices like programmable calculators may also have glue languages; the operating systems of PDAs such as Windows CE may have available native or third-party macro tools that glue applications together, in addition to implementations of common glue languages—including Windows NT, MS-DOS and some Unix shells, Rexx, PHP, and Perl. Depending upon the OS version, WSH and the default script engines (VBScript and JScript) are available.
Programmable calculators can be programmed in glue languages in three ways. For example, the Texas Instruments TI-92, by factory default can be programmed with a command script language. Inclusion of the scripting and glue language Lua in the TI-NSpire series of calculators could be seen as a successor to this. The primary on-board high-level programming languages of most graphing calculators (most often Basic variants, sometimes Lisp derivatives, and more uncommonly, C derivatives) in many cases can glue together calculator functions—such as graphs, lists, matrices, etc. Third-party implementations of more comprehensive Basic version that may be closer to variants listed as glue languages in this article are available—and attempts to implement Perl, Rexx, or various operating system shells on the TI and HP graphing calculators are also mentioned. PC-based C cross-compilers for some of the TI and HP machines used in conjunction with tools that convert between C and Perl, Rexx, awk, as well as shell scripts to Perl, VBScript to and from Perl make it possible to write a programme in a glue language for eventual implementation (as a compiled programme) on the calculator.
Job control languages and shells.
A major class of scripting languages has grown out of the automation of job control, which relates to starting and controlling the behavior of system programs. (In this sense, one might think of shells as being descendants of IBM's JCL, or Job Control Language, which was used for exactly this purpose.) Many of these languages' interpreters double as command-line interpreters such as the Unix shell or the MS-DOS codice_1. Others, such as AppleScript offer the use of English-like commands to build scripts.
GUI scripting.
With the advent of graphical user interfaces, a specialized kind of scripting language emerged for controlling a computer. These languages interact with the same graphic windows, menus, buttons, and so on that a human user would. They do this by simulating the actions of a user. These languages are typically used to automate user actions. Such languages are also called "macros" when control is through simulated key presses or mouse clicks.
These languages could in principle be used to control any GUI application; but, in practice their use is limited because their use needs support from the application and from the operating system. There are a few exceptions to this limitation. Some GUI scripting languages are based on recognizing graphical objects from their display screen pixels. These GUI scripting languages do not depend on support from the operating system or application.
Application-specific languages.
Many large application programs include an idiomatic scripting language tailored to the needs of the application user. Likewise, many computer game systems use a custom scripting language to express the programmed actions of non-player characters and the game environment. Languages of this sort are designed for a single application; and, while they may superficially resemble a specific general-purpose language (e.g. QuakeC, modeled after C), they have custom features that distinguish them. Emacs Lisp, while a fully formed and capable dialect of Lisp, contains many special features that make it most useful for extending the editing functions of Emacs. An application-specific scripting language can be viewed as a domain-specific programming language specialized to a single application.
Extension/embeddable languages.
A number of languages have been designed for the purpose of replacing application-specific scripting languages by being embeddable in application programs. The application programmer (working in C or another systems language) includes "hooks" where the scripting language can control the application. These languages may be technically equivalent to an application-specific extension language but when an application embeds a "common" language, the user gets the advantage of being able to transfer skills from application to application. A more generic alternative is simply to provide a library (often a C library) that a general-purpose language can use to control the application, without modifying the language for the specific domain.
JavaScript began as and primarily still is a language for scripting inside web browsers; however, the standardization of the language as ECMAScript has made it popular as a general purpose embeddable language. In particular, the Mozilla implementation SpiderMonkey is embedded in several environments such as the Yahoo! Widget Engine. Other applications embedding ECMAScript implementations include the Adobe products Adobe Flash (ActionScript) and Adobe Acrobat (for scripting PDF files).
Tcl was created as an extension language but has come to be used more frequently as a general purpose language in roles similar to Python, Perl, and Ruby. On the other hand, Rexx was originally created as a job control language, but is widely used as an extension language as well as a general purpose language. Perl is a general-purpose language, but had the Oraperl (1990) dialect, consisting of a Perl 4 binary with Oracle Call Interface compiled in. This has however since been replaced by a library (Perl Module), DBD::Oracle.
Other complex and task-oriented applications may incorporate and expose an embedded programming language to allow their users more control and give them more functionality than can be available through a user interface, no matter how sophisticated. For example, Autodesk Maya 3D authoring tools embed the MEL scripting language, or Blender which uses Python to fill this role.
Some other types of applications that need faster feature addition or tweak-and-run cycles (e.g. game engines) also use an embedded language. During the development, this allows them to prototype features faster and tweak more freely, without the need for the user to have intimate knowledge of the inner workings of the application or to rebuild it after each tweak (which can take a significant amount of time). The scripting languages used for this purpose range from the more common and more famous Lua and Python to lesser-known ones such as AngelScript and Squirrel.
Ch is another C compatible scripting option for the industry to embed into C/C++ application programs.

</doc>
<doc id="21490347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490347" title="Lozice, Vipava">
Lozice, Vipava

Lozice () is a village in the upper Vipava Valley, under the western slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Francis Xavier and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21490357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490357" title="Declan Rudd">
Declan Rudd

Declan Thomas Rudd (born 16 January 1991) is an English professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Norwich City. 
Early life.
Rudd joined the Norwich academy at the age of 9. He was originally spotted by City when playing for local side Bressingham as a striker, at the age of eight.
"I think my size helped me," said Rudd speaking to Club's official matchday programme, 'On The Ball', back in October 2007. "I was quite tall for my age and I've always enjoyed playing in goal in the past. But the coaches at my old club always felt I was better outfield. It was only at Norwich when they said I wouldn't make it as a striker that I became a goalkeeper."
Career.
Norwich City.
As a youth player, Rudd was heavily involved with Norwich's run in the FA Youth Cup in 2008–09. In the fifth round, he saved three penalties against Everton, having also scored a penalty in an earlier round. Norwich manager Bryan Gunn said:
It's all in Declan's hands, literally, but then again it's in his feet as well. He showed the confidence he's got as a young goalkeeper. He stood up and took the winning penalty kick against Stoke – last night he just saved the three. I'm sure he'll be in there with a big smile on his face today and rightly so. He's got an opportunity to be a top quality goalkeeper. He's just got to be focused on his job ahead and not get rushed into things. We have to try and develop him in the right way. When he comes into the first team training he doesn't look out of place. He's got a great opportunity of being a top class goalkeeper.
Rudd was named as a substitute for the final game of the 2007–08 season at Hillsborough against Sheffield Wednesday. 
In summer 2008, Rudd signed a professional contract with the Canaries. In season 2008–09, he was allocated a squad number of 13. 
He made his professional debut on 26 September 2009, in a match away to Gillingham, as a substitute following the sending off of Fraser Forster. His full debut came three days later at Carrow Road in a 4–0 win against Leyton Orient. 
Rudd made his first appearance in the Championship in a 2–1 victory over Barnsley on 11 September 2010, due to an injury to John Ruddy. 
Rudd made his first appearance in the Premier League on 27 August 2011, after John Ruddy was sent off in a 3–1 defeat to Chelsea. His first taste of Premier League football was to concede a penalty from Frank Lampard. Due to Ruddy's subsequent suspension, Rudd made his full Premier League debut on 11 September at home to West Bromwich Albion, saving a penalty from Peter Odemwingie in a 0–1 defeat.
After performing admirably in Norwich's 4–1 FA Cup victory over Burnley in January 2012, Rudd was unfortunately ruled out for a few months with a thigh injury sustained in training.
International career.
Rudd played for England at various youth levels. He gained his first Under-21 call up in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21490360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490360" title="APEC Russia 2012">
APEC Russia 2012

The APEC Russia 2012 () summit was the 24th annual gathering of APEC leaders. Leaders from the member economies met on Russky Island, off the coast of Vladivostok, Russia on September 9–10, 2012.
The summit on Russky Island saw the resort, catering and entertainment facilities, in addition to the renovation and upgrading of Vladivostok International Airport.
Two giant cable-stayed bridges were built in preparation for the summit, namely the Zolotoy Rog bridge over the Zolotoy Rog bay in the downtown, and Russky Island Bridge from mainland to Russky Island (which is the longest cable-stayed bridge in the world right now). The new campus of the Far Eastern Federal University was also completed on the island by 2012 to house the summit.
Preparation.
At APEC Vietnam 2006 in Hanoi, Russia put forward a proposal to host the 2012 summit. Originally, Patrokl Bay (southern part of Vladivostok) was suggested as the site to hold the summit. The original plan was to build a palace to host the actual summit, and a number of five-star hotels for visitors. After the summit, the palace would be converted into a wedding palace, its conference centre into the Opera, and the hotels into residential buildings. The original estimate for development costs was in the excess of 382 billion rubles, and included money the city felt was necessary to bring infrastructure such as the sewage system, roads, bridges, and water pipes to up-to-date condition. German Gref, then-Minister of Economics and Trade, who visited Vladivostok in December 2006 to ascertain the city's readiness to hold the summit, promptly dismissed this plan, stating that the cost estimate was overblown, that he was not responsible for solving the city problems, and further accused the Vladivostok administration of unprofessionalism.
In January 2007, Vladimir Putin, then-President of Russia, stated that holding a summit in Vladivostok is a distinct possibility, and that at least 100 billion rubles would be required to prepare the city for the summit, which, at the time, was three-times more than the budget of Primorsky Krai as a whole. On 27 January 2007, Putin visited Vladivostok to participate in a meeting regarding Russia's upcoming rotational presidency of APEC.
The proposal put forward for Russia to hold the 2012 summit on Russky Island, which was a closed military zone during the Soviet-era, was confirmed at the end of the APEC Australia 2007 summit in Sydney, Australia. At a press conference in Sydney, Sergey Darkin, the Governor of Primorsky Krai, estimated the cost of hosting the summit at 147.5 billion rubles, 50% more than previous estimates. The construction of infrastructure serving the summit, by Darkin experts' estimates, would aid the economic development of the Russian Far East and would see more than a sixfold increase of the Gross Regional Product of Primorsky Krai by 2020.
In February 2008, Governor Darkin announced that the general plan of the city development would incorporate summit preparation activities, and that hosting the summit is not a goal in itself, but rather a tool to strengthen Russia's positions in the Asia-Pacific region. The construction projects were to include the building of bridges across Zolotoy Rog Bay and to Russky Island, new roads, modern hotels, a Theater of Opera and Ballet, as well as overall improvements to the city's infrastructure. Later in April, the Governor also stated that the buildings serving the summit would later be efficiently re-purposed. In particular, it was suggested to use the conference centre as a new library, while the hotels would remain to facilitate tourism to the island. Vladivostok International Airport was also to be modernised. By the end of April, Primorsky Krai received the first amount of 437 million rubles from the federal budget to commence summit preparations.
On 18 December 2007, the results of the contest to create the summit logo were announced. The logo was to conform to three main criteria: it was to be patriotic, to portray the summit as the main cultural and economic event in Primorsky Krai in 2012, and to use the historical and cultural symbols of Primorsky Krai and Vladivostok. The winning emblem was created by Yevgeny Pogrebnyak, a professional designer and a resident of Vladivostok, who was awarded 65,000 rubles in prize money.
On 8 April 2008, Sergey Stepashin, head of the Account Chamber of Russia, visited Vladivostok with the purpose of auditing summit preparation activities. The audit showed that only six out of 36 summit-related construction projects were properly documented. Stepashin also stated that one of the main priorities was the de-criminalisation of the region, as its criminal image may impede the in-flow of investments, and announced that the development of the Russian Far East region is one of the national priorities of Russia.
In May 2008, the state expert commission approved the project of building a suspension bridge from Vladivostok to Russky Island.
In June 2008, Sergey Stepashin re-iterated the findings of the April audit, explicitly stating that Russia is not yet ready to host the summit. He also stated that in order to rectify the situation, an additional three billion rubles would be necessary to fund the summit preparation activities. Later in June, Dmitry Kozak, then Minister of Regional Development of Russia, also visited Vladivostok to ascertain the progress. He visited Vladivostok International Airport and Russky Island and concluded that meeting all the deadlines is "entirely possible".
On 30 June 2008, the Administration of Primorsky Krai contracted Pacific Ocean Bridge Company to build a bridge across Zolotoy Rog Bay, a project worth 17.9 billion rubles. On 9 July 2008, Viktor Grebnev, the Executive Director of the company, commented that construction of the other bridge—to Russky Island—would be impossible to accomplish on schedule for "technological reasons", however, Vasiliy Avchenko in Expert argues that the Russian government will built the bridge at any cost, but on time, in order to demonstrate the island's possibilities. The construction of the Zolotoy Rog bridge commenced on 25 July 2008. On 30 July, plans to build the Theatre of Opera and Ballet on a floating island were announced by the Administration of Primorsky Krai. The theatre was to seat up to 2,000 people, and the floating island was scheduled for construction on 1 February 2009. 18.8 million rubles were included in the krai budget for the construction of the theatre. Also announced were the plans to build a medical centre in the Vtoraya Rechka residential area. The medical centre would serve the needs of the summit in 2012 and will be converted into a krai hospital after the summit is concluded.
In August 2008, Nikolay Bulayev, head of the Federal Education Agency, visited Vladivostok to visit the site of the future Far Eastern Federal University, the campus of which will be located on the Russky Island. The campus buildings would include an aquarium, a nature park, a residential area for the students and university personnel. Some of the buildings serving the 2012 summit would also be transferred to the university upon the summit's conclusion. In September 2008, Prime Minister Putin announced that Russian military installations on the island would be removed and the building of the campus of the Far Eastern Federal University would proceed. On 31 August 2008, President Dmitry Medvedev signed Ukaz №1277 authorising the building of the bridge across the Eastern Bosphorus to Russky Island, and appointed a contractor for the construction of the bridge which is expected to cost approximately US$1 billion.
In November 2008, Viktor Basargin, the Minister of Regional Development of Russia, visited Vladivostok International Airport and assessed the progress of construction of the bridges and the buildings on the Russky Island. Overall, the Minister was satisfied with the overall progress and the pace of the construction. Basargin announced that everything would be ready on schedule. Due to the global and Russian financial crises, funding of development for the conference, which stands at 351 billion rubles, may be reduced by 25 billion rubles, due to reduction in the price of construction materials and streamlining of works.
Despite these reductions, the Ministry of Finance of Russia announced in March 2009 that due to the crisis the federal budget is unlikely to have previously committed 202 billion roubles fully available to finance the summit preparation projects. One of the proposed resolutions was to move the summit to St. Petersburg, as that city's infrastructure is better developed to host the summit and would be less costly. Originally, First Deputy Prime Minister in Vladimir Putin's Second Cabinet Igor Shuvalov did not confirm that such plans exist, although he noted that the scenario is possible. Later in March, however, Shuvalov held a meeting in Moscow dealing with the issues of the summit planning, at which time it was confirmed that the summit will take place in Vladivostok and not elsewhere. During the meeting, the plans for building the theater of opera and ballet and the medical center were moved to an unspecified later date, but the rest of the construction is supposed to continue on schedule.
Pre-summit tensions.
Taiwan's decision to hold live fire drills on 31 August on Taiping Island, ahead of Vietnam's injections were said to have increased tensions in the South China Sea disputes prior to the summit. Disputes also involve Japan and the Philippines against China, which Taiwan supports.
Youth forum & the Voices of the Future program.
The APEC Youth Festival opened in Vladivostok in the days preceding the APEC Leader's meeting. The forum took place on the campus of the Far Eastern Federal University on September 2 to 4 in parallel with APEC-2012 Leaders' Week in Vladivostok. Delegates representing the APEC economies included undergraduate and postgraduate students, young scientists, entrepreneurs and politicians, who proposed their own solutions to urgent social and economic problems facing the Asia-Pacific region. At the end of the forum the delegates presented their own declaration which was presented to the APEC Leader's Meeting participants. Selected participants were then invited to join the Voices of the Future delegation and attend the APEC CEO Summit on Russky Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21490365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490365" title="Robert Pugh (Jesuit)">
Robert Pugh (Jesuit)

Robert Pugh (1610–1679) was a Welsh Jesuit priest and controversialist.
Life.
He was one of the several sons of Philip Pugh of Penrhyn, in the parish of Eglwys-Ross, Carnarvonshire. His elder brother, Richard, born in 1607, entered the English College at Valladolid under the alias of Bartholomew Phillips in 1626, was ordained there in 1633, entered the Society of Jesus, and died on the mission in Wales about 1645. A younger brother, John, born 1620, who also used the alias of Phillips, was ordained priest at the English College at Rome, but died in 1645 before he left the college.
Robert Pugh was educated at the College of St. Omer, under the name of Phillips. He entered the Society of Jesus, but in 1645 left it. Anthony à Wood says that he was dismissed the Society for accompanying the royalist army of the First English Civil War without the consent of his superiors. After its defeat he studied and became doctor of civil and canon law, probably at the University of Paris.
In 1655 the pope made him "protonotarius apostolicus" and he became one of Queen Henrietta Maria's chaplains. At this period, and despite his dismissal from the Society of Jesus, he was its strenuous defender. He was the most prominent opponent of Thomas White and "Blackloism", in other words appeasement of the regime of Oliver Cromwell. He also wrote against the authority claimed by the Old Chapter. He had a better Latin style than Thomas White alias Blacklow, but had less ecclesiastical learning.
After the Restoration of 1660 he resided with the William Herbert, 1st Marquess of Powis, sometimes in London, and more frequently at Redcastle, in Wales. During the persecution of Catholics at the time of the Popish Plot, whilst paying a visit to some of the Catholic gentry confined in Newgate Prison, he was betrayed, and himself detained a prisoner. He died of disease in Newgate on January 22, 1679, aged 69. He was interred in the burial-ground attached to Christ Church, near Newgate.
Henry Foley rather confuses him with the Scottish Oratorian, Fr. Robert Phillip.

</doc>
<doc id="21490376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490376" title="Civitas Tropaensium">
Civitas Tropaensium

Civitas Tropaensium was a Roman castrum situated in Scythia Minor in modern Constanţa County, Romania. Its site is now the modern settlement of Adamclisi. It was colonized with Roman veterans of the Dacian Wars, was the largest Roman city of Scythia Minor and became a municipium around 200AD.
In 109 AD a monument named Tropaeum Traiani was built to commemorate the Roman Empire's victories over the Dacians.
The city was destroyed by the Goths, but it was rebuilt during Constantine the Great's rule with improved defensive walls. Civitas Tropaensium survived until the Avars sacked it in 587, after which it ceased to be an important city of Dobruja and was no longer mentioned for seven hundred years.

</doc>
<doc id="21490377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490377" title="Matti Mäki">
Matti Mäki

Matti Mäki (born March 17, 1982 in Oulu) is a male backstroke swimmer from Finland. He competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="21490379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490379" title="Rail Rzayev">
Rail Rzayev

Lieutenant General Rail Rzayev Gurban oglu (; March 10, 1945 – February 11, 2009) was the Commander of the Azerbaijani Air Force from shortly after Azerbaijan's independence in the early 1990s, to his death in 2009.
Early life.
Rzayev was born on March 10, 1945 in Salyan, Azerbaijan. After completing his secondary education in Sumgayit in 1962, he was enrolled in the Aircraft Electronics and Communication Systems(FRELA) school of USSR Aviation Academy named after Orzhenikidze. After graduating from the academy in 1966, he was directed to serve at Baku Airforce District. In Baku, he worked as the Senior Technician and then served as the Deputy Commander of a Division.
In 1975, he entered the Zhukov Command Academy of Air Defense Forces. Upon graduation he was appointed a Division Commander and from 1980 through 1992, he held several high-ranking positions at various military units of the Soviet Airforce.
Azerbaijani Army.
In 1992, Rail Rzayev started his career in Azerbaijani Armed Forces. He was appointed the Chief of Department of Azerbaijani Air and Air Defense Forces. According to the Presidential Decree from 1993, he was appointed Deputy Minister of Defense of Azerbaijan Republic and Commander of Azerbaijani Air and Air Defense Forces, a position which he held until his death in 2009.
Ranks and awards.
In 1994, Rzayev was promoted to General Major, in 2002 he was given the rank of Lieutenant General. He's credited for his outstanding work in establishing and modernizing the Azerbaiani Airforce. He was awarded with Azerbaijani Flag Order and Veten Ughrunda Medal (In the Name of Motherland) for service to his country.
Death.
He was shot and killed outside his Baku home on February 11, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21490383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490383" title="Type C submarine">
Type C submarine

The was one of the first classes of submarine in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) to serve during the Second World War. "Type-C" submarines were better armed than the "Type-A" and "Type-B". The "Type-C"s were also utilized as "Kō-hyōteki" or "Kaiten" mother ships, for this reason they were not equipped with aviation facilities.
Class variants.
"Type-C"s were divided into four subclasses, , and . However, the "379th vessel" class was never built.
"Type-C" ("I-16" class).
Project number S38 and S38B (Late production model). They were based on the "I-7" class. Eight boats were built between 1937 and 1944 under the Maru 3 Programme (Boats 44 - 48) and the Maru Kyū Programme (Boats 376 - 378).
"Type-C Mod." ("I-52" class).
Project number S37D. Twenty boats were planned under the Maru Tsui Programme (Boats 625 - 632) and the Kai-Maru 5 Programme (Boats 5141 - 5155). According to their Project number, they were one of the variants of the "Type-B" submarine. Seventeen boats were cancelled in late 1943, because the IJN was planning to build the which was to become the primary submarine in 1945.
"V22B Type".
Project number S49B. Twenty eight boats were planned under the Maru Kyū Programme (Boats 379 - 381) and the Kai-Maru 5 Programme (Boats 5156 - 5180). All boats were cancelled in late 1943, because the IJN was planning to build the .

</doc>
<doc id="21490448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490448" title="Eeva Saarinen">
Eeva Saarinen

Eeva Kuusela née Saarinen (born June 12, 1984 in Keuruu, Finland) is a female breaststroke swimmer from Finland. She competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="21490460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490460" title="Lože, Vipava">
Lože, Vipava

Lože () is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Seventeenth-century Lože Castle in located just outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="21490475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490475" title="Aladin Harfan">
Aladin Harfan

Aladin Harfan () (born 1963) is a Bulgarian businessman of Arab descent, who was born in the capital of Syria, Damascus.
Aladin Harfan first visited Bulgaria in 1991. He has been a Bulgarian citizen since 2004.
In 1992, he began his involvement in the trade with electronic appliances. At the same time, he established and managed his own chain of stores throughout the country. It was first called "Technolux", and later "Technocentre E-Elite". In 2000 he registered Bulgaria's first brand of electronic appliances, Elite. It is targeted at the average Bulgarian family. Elite-branded electronic appliances are currently distributed in many chains of stores in the country, as well as in Serbia, Romania and Ukraine.
Since 1999, Aladin's company Aladin Ltd. has been operating as an investment firm. Over the last few years it has focused on real estate and construction, mainly of commercial and storage facilities. The company's biggest project is Mall Pleven. The entrepreneur was awarded First Class Investment Certificate by Bulgaria's investments promotion body, InvestBulgaria Agency, for his investment in the commercial centre.
Aladin Harfan also owns medical and dental centre Medstom, Argoplasment i targovia – Pleven, and a chain of fast food restaurants. He has stakes in construction firm Aladin Building and transport firm A&G Trans.

</doc>
<doc id="21490478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490478" title="Epoxy putty">
Epoxy putty

Epoxy putty is a room-temperature-hardening substance used as a space-filling adhesive. It is stored until use as two components of clay-like consistency. Kneading the two components into each other creates an exothermic chemical reaction that activates the substance for use by catalyzing an epoxide polymerisation reaction. Unlike many other types of glues, an epoxy adhesive can fill gaps and even be molded into a structural part. Some makers claim in advertising that one can drill and tap their cured product, and that it quickly cures "hard as steel" (as measured by Shore rating), though it is much weaker than steel in tensile strength and shear strength.

</doc>
<doc id="21490489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490489" title="Lanskaya railway station">
Lanskaya railway station

Lanskaya platform (; ) is a railway station located in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Lanskaya is commuter passenger station, its platforms are located on a high embankment. 
The platforms lie between Serdobolskaya street and Bolshoi Sampsonievsky street, passing over both by bridge. 
Platform of a direction from Saint Petersburg bent, island (but the left-hand side is used only). 
Opposite to a platform there is Lanskaya electric substation. 
The input on it is carried out from under the bridge, the two-mid-flight ladder blocked by the high arch barrel. 
The direction platform to Saint Petersburg a straight line, lateral, an input on it is carried out from Serdobolskaya street and from the Bolshoy Sampsonevsky prospect.
A high-speed rail line between Saint Petersburg (Finlyandsky Rail Terminal) and Helsinki (see Karelian Trains) will pass through the station.
History.
The first wooden station building was constructed in 1869 by architect Wolmar Westling. 
The first train has solemnly proceeded through it on . 
It has been located a little in the heart of building and before it there was a place for transport. 
The facilities is located to the address 3, Serdobolskaya street. 
Through movement on all extent of a line between two capitals was opened personally by emperor Alexander II .
The station building was rebuilt in stone in 1910 by architect Bruno Granholm as a four-storeyed building, which was designed in the rational branch of the “new style” of architecture at the beginning of the 20th century; an architectural style also known as a Romantic nationalism. 
The annexe leant to a high railway embankment, it looks extremely ascetically. According to architectural critics, its expressiveness is obtained by strict geometry of volumes, and presents a picturesque-asymmetric silhouette and a rhythm of window. 
The window openings are whimsically scattered on the exterior surface of the walls, and reflect the internal structure of the building.
The station during the Soviet period.
The Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Vyborg line and Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Beloostrov through Sestroretsk line continued be worked by steam power after the revolution up to World War II. 
The first work on electrification at this site began in 1950.
In the early 1950s, the Lanskaya electric substation was built behind the station. 
Electrification of the railway began in the direction of Leningrad to Zelenogorsk in 1951. (now it is a part of Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Vyborg line) 
At station new platforms have been constructed and the length of trains has increased. 
The track in the direction of Finlyandsky Rail Terminal and Udelnaya station has also been electrified.
On 4 August, 1951 at 1 hour and thirty minutes after midnight the electric power was switched on to the network of the first electrified line in the Karelian Isthmus area between Leningrad and Zelenogorsk. At 1 hour 50 minutes a trial trip of the first electric train set off en route in the direction of Arsenyev N. A. 
The first passengers travelled on the electric-train during the day, conducted by train driver-instructor Romanov A. N. 
Regular services also started on the same day.
In the 1952, the Lansky-Sestroretsk-Beloostrov line (now it is named Saint Petersburg Finlyandsky-Beloostrov through Sestroretsk line) was electrified.
On the day of 1 June 1952 the first trial of an electric train went through Lanskaya and Sestroretsk to Beloostrov, and on the same day, from the morning onwards regular services began.
The time of electrification of the line connecting Lanskaya to Кushelevka is not known, but as of 2000 it too was electrified, as well as all tracks at the station.
Probably, in 1951 at station there was a railway failure. 
The probability of this event is indirectly confirmed by the law edition the same year.
Station at the time of new Russia.
The station underwent major repairs in 2003. 
Work was done on building of station and on a platform. 
The enormous wood furnace which was in a corner of a waiting hall for almost a century was dismantled at this time.
Landmarks near to Lanskaya station.
The station is in the memoirs of famous people:

</doc>
<doc id="21490493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490493" title="Monopis icterogastra">
Monopis icterogastra

The Wool Moth ("Monopis icterogastra") is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in most of Australia.
It is thought that the moths of this species lay live young caterpillars rather than eggs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490496" title="Ameenapuram">
Ameenapuram

Ameenapuram is a small village in Pamidimukkala mandal. Its population is around 1000.
2/3 of the village is on one side of Bundar canal and the rest on the other side.
The major occupation of the people here is agriculture, with the main crops paddy and sugarcane.

</doc>
<doc id="21490497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490497" title="Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost">
Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost

Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Ost (EJGr Ost) was a fighter pilot training unit of the German Luftwaffe in World War II. It was formed on 27 January 1942 in Krakau and renamed Jagdgruppe Ost (JGr Ost) on 25 November 1942. Its main purpose was to provide specialized training for new fighter pilots destined for the Eastern Front. Training was provided by experienced Eastern Front veterans, who were rotated in and out of this unit.

</doc>
<doc id="21490501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490501" title="St Mary Star of the Sea, West Melbourne">
St Mary Star of the Sea, West Melbourne

St Mary Star of the Sea is one of the most beautiful and historically significant churches in Australia. The foundation stone of St Mary's was laid in 1882 and the building was completed by 1900. Since 2002 restoration has been ongoing to restore the church to its original splendor. Built with seating for over 1,200 people, it has been described as the largest parish church in Melbourne, in Victoria, or even in Australia.
History.
Origins of the site.
On 30 September 1852, only a few weeks after land allotments in North Melbourne became available, Very Rev Patrick Geoghegan OSF, Melbourne's first Vicar General, secured two acres, on the highest point within the block formed by Victoria, William and Chetwynd streets. A foundation stone was laid two years later, on 14 May 1854, and within six months a modest cruciform stone church was erected. Melbourne's port lay in the church's shadow, and so the church was dedicated to Our Lady, Star of the Sea, patroness of seafarers. Priests from St Francis', Melbourne's proto-cathedral, served the mission.
The Victorian Gold Rush fuelled a population explosion which contributed to a rapidly increasing Catholic congregation. On 28 July 1862, Rev Simon Riordan chaired a public meeting which resolved to erect an entirely new church to serve North and West Melbourne. A scarcity of funds forced an alternative: two additional transepts should be added to the existing building. Construction was delayed, however, by a good nine years. In 1871, a new transept increased the capacity of the church to 500.
Two years later, in 1873, St Mary Star of the Sea became a parish. Rev Henry England, West Melbourne's long-standing locum, was appointed first parish priest. In 1875, Archbishop Goold visited the parish, and informed priest and parishioners that the building was not adequate for divine worship. In response, a second transept was added and the interior renovated.
In 1881, plans for a new and larger church, by prolific architects Tappin, Gilbert and Dennehy, were announced. Archbishop Goold laid the foundation stone on 9 December 1883, but the death of Dean England, and a shortage of funds, halted construction. Rev Patrick Joseph Aylward was appointed parish priest in 1889, and he immediately terminated the project. The proposed building was too small for the rapidly increasing Catholic population.
Building of the current church.
The foundations of the current church were laid in June 1892. A young and as yet unknown architect, Edgar J. Henderson, tendered plans for a grandiose sandstone cruciform in the French Gothic style. At 175 feet long and 94 feet wide, the proposed church was criticised by Archbishop Carr for being too large, but parishioners embraced the ambitious project. Within a year, however, economic depression had wrought havoc on the project's finance. Remarkably, in the face of devastating poverty, parishioners managed to fund ongoing construction, and church was built in eight years.
Phillip Kennedy took over Henderson's architectural role, and the contrast between the church's exterior and interior can be attributed to his influence. Henderson's rose windows, battered plinths, cylindrical turrets, and soaring groined timber ceiling exemplify the French Gothic Revival. Kennedy's glossy marble and granite pillars, intricate marble fittings, and pink tinted walls, however, betray an Italianate influence.
On 18 February 1900, Cardinal Moran opened and blessed the new church to great fanfare, before an assembly of 1,400. Local Catholic newspaper "The Advocate" remarked that "The congregation has literally emerged from the worst ecclesiastical building in the colony to enter one of the finest."
The church was finally completed in 1925. On 12 February, His Excellency Archbishop Cattaneo, Apostolic Delegate, dedicated the new marble high altar and consecrated the completed church.
History of the parish.
In its embryonic years, St Mary's was an overwhelming Irish Australian parish. In the years of the Gold Rush, however, a significant number of Chinese Australians also worshipped there. The graves of many of St Mary's early parishioners still lie beneath the Queen Victoria Market a few hundred metres eastward.
Post war immigration to Australia transformed St Mary's congregation. Italian and Maltese Australians embellished popular devotion and worship. In more recent years Lithuanian and Vietnamese Australians have also contributed to the life of the parish.
Daniel Mannix, as coadjutor to Archbishop Carr, resided at St Mary's and served as Parish Priest of West Melbourne from 1913 until 1917. While serving as parish priest he effectively led the campaign against Australians being conscripted to fight in the World War then raging overseas. Once Archbishop he would reign as such to nearly the completion of his hundredth year. His own coadjutor, Justin Simonds similarly resided there, and served as Parish Priest for 21 years, from 1942 to 1963. Upon Simonds' succession to the See of Melbourne in 1963, Melbourne Auxiliary Bishop Arthur Fox served as Parish Priest of West Melbourne until his appointment to the See of Sale in 1967.
In 2001, Archbishop George Pell entrusted the parish to the priests of Opus Dei, a personal prelature of the Catholic Church.
Restoration.
Need for restoration.
The Depression of the 1890s had restricted the original building budget. Much of the Victorian sandstone and New Zealand limestone used was low-grade, and this severely deteriorated over the next century. The delicate blue and gold stencilling and marble rose colours of the church interior also deteriorated over time, so in the late 1950s, these extraordinary colour schemes were painted over.
Starting in the 1960s, West Melbourne became more and more commercialised and industrialised. The decrease of residents translated into a decrease of parishioners, which in turn greatly restricted funds and prohibited costly maintenance of the church's sandstone exterior and slate roof. For the same financial reasons, St Mary's did not undergo the renovations which occurred in so many Catholic churches in the wake of the Second Vatican Council. The communion rails were preserved, and the forward altar was only a temporary wooden structure.
It was not long before deterioration of the limestone exterior of St Mary's set in. It was also difficult to maintain the highly decorative interior. The complex stencilling of the sanctuary and side chapels was lost in the 1960s to a monotone covering of paint. By the nineties much of the external fabric was dangerously fragile and there were a few near accidents. It was difficult to know what to do, as the congregation had now shrunk to a small number of faithful in an area of the city that was largely made up of commercial outlets and small industry. By the turn of the century, the external fabric of St Mary's was in a very bad state. Its interior was gloomy and in a state of synthetic disrepair.
Description of the restoration.
In 2002 the parish priest, Rev Dr Joseph Martins, launched a $10 million restoration project, which is ongoing. Thomas Hazell AO, an experienced public servant and committed restorationist, headed the project. Dennis Payne, the chief architect, led a specialist team widely recognised for expertise in heritage buildings and places of worship. George Giannis, the chief restorer, set about not only restoring past grandeur, but added details which were envisaged but never realised in the initial construction.
Faithful restoration, by way of example, includes the recreation of gold stencil work in the sanctuary. Some of the stencils relate directly to Eugène Viollet-le-Duc's restorations at the Cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris, whilst others derive from Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin's designs for the Houses of Parliament at Westminster. Giannis' team has also recovered the original brilliance of the magnificent images of St Gabriel and St Michael which overlook the high altar. But he has also painted and fixed a depiction of Christ Pantocrator, which was intended to adorn the arch separating the nave and chancel. Similarly, fibre-glass angels now stand in the niches high in the church ceiling, in place of carved timber angels which were planned in the 1890s, but never commissioned.
To enable Mass to be offered by the priest facing the congregation, construction of a permanent marble Altar coram populum accompanied the restoration project. The altar was designed by Rev Victor Martinez, a professional architect and priest of Opus Dei. It accords with the design, but does not compete with the monumentality, of the magnificent high altar which dominates the sanctuary. Its constituent two tonnes of marble required extra reinforcement to the crypt beneath the sanctuary. The restoration of the interior is largely complete. 
Several trade unions and building suppliers very generously donated labour and equipment. Most of the sum raised for the restoration financed the replacement of the decayed sand and limestone of the external walls. Over 250 tonnes of replacement stone was used on the north and east facades.
Exterior work on the west and south facades is still outstanding. The global financial crisis has impacted fund-raising, and work has ground to a halt.
This site is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Description of the church.
Church exterior.
The church is traditional in form, consisting of a tall gable-roofed nave, a crossing and intersecting transepts, with a hipped polygonal apse at the western end. The nave is flanked by a pair of skillion-roofed aisles, which, being at a considerably lower level, allow for clerestory windows to the upper portion of the nave. In the north-eastern corner, the incomplete stump of the tower forms a dominant vertical element. A number of smaller-proposed semi-detached single-storey elements project from the main bulk of the church: two pairs of chapels flanking the apse, the cluster of hip-roofed sacristies in the south-western corner, and the former baptistery in the south-eastern corner.
The church itself is of brick construction, with an external stone facing. It has a plinth of rock-faced Malmesbury bluestone, which is surmounted by a course of splayed blocks of Mount Somers limestone. Above this is the facing of Barrabool Hills sandstone. Two types of limestone, both of New Zealand origin, have been used for the external dressings: Mount Somers limestone for the plinth course, door jambs and window tracery, and Oamaru limestone for all other dressings. The colonettes, flanking the window and door openings, are of polished Aberdeen (red) granite.
The roof of the church is clad in Westmorland slate, with 'tile ridging'. Westmorland slate is of English origin; it has a tendency to be green in colour, in contrast to the blue-coloured slate from Wales. The slates are doubled-nailed with copper nails. The original 'tile ridging' was replaced in 1941. At the crossing of the roof is a flêche, substantially of pressed zinc on timber framing. This is in the form of a polygonal shaft with eight trefoil-arched openings, containing louvred vents, surmounted by a tapering conical spire, clad partly with rounded slate, and partly with flat sheet zinc. The flêche is further embellished with a row of projecting decorative elements at the base of the spire, and a Latin cross, once gilded, at the apex.
The Fitzgerald Tower, as it was named in the 1890s, remains incomplete. It was originally to be 162 feet (about fifty metres) tall, to the tip of the spire. The tower, presently consisting of the equivalent of only two storeys, is square in plan, with intersecting buttresses at each corner. The first floor level (approximately in line with the roof of the aisle) is articulated by a course of splayed limestone blocks, and the upper level by an arcaded limestone frieze, consisting of a row of trefoil arches supported on squat columns with cushion capitals.
Church interior.
Main portion of the church.
The church is planned on the traditional Latin cross form. The total interior length, from east to west, is 175 feet (53.3 metres) long, or, as described in a contemporary source: 'nearly three chains, or three times the width of Bourke Street'. The church is 96 feet (29.2 metres) wide, from transept to transept, or 'being five feet narrower than Elizabeth Street, from shop window to shop window'. The bulk of the east-west portion of the church is 68 feet (20.7 metres) wide, and comprises a nave, flanked by two aisles and three pairs of projecting alcoves, three of which are used as confessionals. At the east end of the nave is the organ gallery, accessed via a staircase in the northeast corner. In the corresponding south-eastern corner is the original baptistery, now used as a Chapel of Saint Josemaría.
The main portion of the church is divided into five bays, with arcades separating the nave and the flanking aisles. Each arcade is supported on six Jork Swedish red granite columns, worked and polished in Scotland. These columns are arranged so as not to intercept the view of the High Altar from the aisles. The columns have capitals of foliated form artistically treated so as to appear alike, but the detail of each differs materially. The columns have marble bases, which, in turn, are supported on smoothly rutted Malmsbury bluestone plinths. The columns each bear a polished brass plate at the base of the shaft, inscribed with the name of the parishioner or the parish organization who funded the cost of that column.
Sanctuary and chapels.
St Mary's contains four side chapels in addition to the main altar. The sanctuary is flanked by a pair of chapels, dedicated to the Sacred Heart (south) and the Blessed Virgin Mary (north). Flanking these large chapels are two smaller chapels, which front the transepts, dedicated to Saints of Ireland (south) and Saint Joseph (north). All four chapels and the sanctuary, terminate in semi-octagonal forms.
The sanctuary and chapels are separated from the nave and transept by a white marble altar rail, installed in 1927, which is pierced by repetitive quatrefoils. The sanctuary and each of the chapels are accessed via separate openings with ornate brass gates. The canted walls of the sanctuary and chapels have clusters of columns and half columns at their intersections. Some marble inlay is of Pyrenian (Spanish) rose marble; other columns are scagliola. Scagliola, which dates back to the 17th century or earlier, is a form of plastering which imitates marble, or other fine stone. Scagliola columns are traditionally made by forming a substrate of thin strips of metal or wood which are lathed and covered with a coating of lime and hair. The columns are then coated with a mix of gypsum plaster and glue, tinted accordingly. The dense and highly polished finish is achieved by rubbing with pumice, charcoal, linen cloth and, finally, felt impregnated with oil.
The floor of the sanctuary and side chapels is covered with a marble mosaic pavement installed in 1927. The mosaic tiling comprises off-white tiles, set into a square grid of yellow tiles, with an ornate geometric and foliated border of black, grey and yellow tiles. The design incorporates a number of circular panels, including symbolic representations of a Pascal lamb (representing Christ), a sailing ship (representing the Star of the Sea), a Latin cross, a basket with loaves and fish (representing the Eucharist), and the monograms of the Sacred Heart and the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The organ.
The colony's leading organ builder, George Fincham, worked on St Mary's organ from 1898 to 1900. It was the first pipe organ in Australia to be classified by the National Trust and is well regarded as an instrument of national importance. It is Australia's largest nineteenth century organ still intact.
The majority of Fincham's larger organs have been greatly altered or destroyed. The only two substantial examples of his later work which survive largely intact are the instruments at St Joseph's Parish in Warrnambool (1892) and that at St Mary, Star of the Sea, (restored 1993) in West Melbourne.
While building St Mary's organ, in September 1899, Fincham suffered a paralytic stroke, from which he fully recovered. He admitted his son Leslie as a partner in the firm in 1900 which was henceforth known as George Fincham & Son. Fincham Sr continued to be actively involved as an organ builder until his death on 21 December 1910.
Film.
In 2000, the church was featured in "The Wog Boy" starring Nick Giannopoulos, Vince Colosimo, Lucy Bell, Abi Tucker, John Barresi, Stephen Curry, Hung Le, Geraldine Turner, Tony Nikolakopoulos and Derryn Hinch.
In 2007, the church featured in "Ghost Rider" starring Nicolas Cage.

</doc>
<doc id="21490502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490502" title="To Shatter the Sky">
To Shatter the Sky

To Shatter the Sky, subtitled "Bomber Airfield at War", is a book and also BBC Television programme of the same name by the military historian, author and screenwriter Bruce Barrymore Halpenny.
The book was already being worked on when the author was approached by the BBC to produce a related theme for a history programme, hence the programme and book sharing the same name. The programme was aired on BBC 1 in late 1983 and the book launched in early 1984.
The Book.
The book (ISBN 978-0850596786) tells of the day-to-day activities on bomber stations between 1939 and 1945, where the author had researched his material meticulously. It draws extensively on reminiscences from surviving crew members who served such as at Waddington, Scampton, Skellingthorpe, Binbrook, Fiskerton, Bardney, Woodhall Spa, and many other bomber stations.
The book also recalls the stories of those that didn't make it or were shot down over enemy territory. A routine flight from Skellingthorpe that turned into a nightmare, and memories of raids on Nuremberg, Düsseldorf and Hamburg, where airmen watched their comrades shot out of the sky by a barrage of deadly enemy flak, all go to paint a picture of what being an airman based in wartime England, was really like.
The Programme.
The book was also the basis for a BBC television programme of the same title, which plots the history and present conditions of seven RAF and USAF airfields in the East Midlands. Bruce Barrymore Halpenny scripted the programme and merged wartime film footage with up-to-date shots. Film cameraman was Dick Kursa, Film Editor was John Rosser and Producer Mike Derby.
First shown on BBC1 at 10.15pm on 11 February 1983, the TV listing was:
"To Shatter the Sky, A History of Seven Airfields of the East Midlands. Military historian and author Bruce Halpenny has written a history of seven Royal Air Force and USAF bases in the east midlands. From the deserted airfield in the forest to the modern jet terminal, he traces the part they played in the air war over Europe and their use today."

</doc>
<doc id="21490512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490512" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 23rd SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Nederland">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 23rd SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Nederland

The 23rd SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Nederland was a German Waffen SS volunteer division comprising volunteers of Dutch background. It saw action on the Eastern Front during World War II. It was formed in February 1945, by the expansion of the "Nederland" Panzer Grenadier Brigade into a SS Panzergrenadier Division, although its strength never reached more than a brigade. 
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="21490514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490514" title="Dann Glenn">
Dann Glenn

Dann Glenn (born May 30, 1950) is an American jazz fusion electric guitar player and composer, who has published and recorded a catalog of six symphonies, and released numerous jazz and avant garde albums, over the years.
Originally a bassist, after an injury to his left hand, Glenn switched his primary instrument to that of electric guitar around 2003-04. Also a pianist, Glenn has been a multi-instrumentalist on his jazz fusion and modern orchestral recordings.
As a musician.
Beginning in the 1970s, Dann Glenn started as a rock musician, but later became a jazz player and classical composer. During his formative years he played with such musicians as blues guitarists Michael Bloomfield (guitarist), and Luther Tucker.
Dann was mentored by Monk Montgomery, the first bassist to record electric bass on a jazz tune (with Lionel Hampton), and brother of jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery.
Dann's first published release was a collaboration with film scorer Dan Slider entitled "A Whispered Warning" (ITI-Allegiance Records-JL031) in 1984.
Glenn also began performing at the North Hollywood jazz club Donte's. Glenn joined the faculty at the Bass Institute of Technology (now Musicians Institute) in Hollywood.
Starting, and ultimately leaving, a band known as BangTower, Glenn went on to create a new ensemble, the Eleven Eleven Orchestra, which features bass players Jeff Berlin and Baba Elefante, and drummer Ronnie Ciago. In 2011, Glenn appeared in the motion picture "Johnnie Be Good" alongside Eric Clapton, Keith Richards, and many other icons of music.
As a composer.
Glenn's body of work comprises the following six symphonies:
As a solo jazz artist.
A Whispered Warning
Street Without Joy
Emerald Tiger
Atlantis
Espionage
Maybe Never
Little Toy Horns
Subharmonia
Eleven Eleven Orchestra
Electric
Dann Glenn/Volume 1
As an author.
In 2004 Glenn's novel Almost A Proverb was released. This book (ISBN 978-1-4134-4833-7) reflects his tour of duty during the Vietnam War in 1969. Not for the faint of heart, this novel's storyline contains graphic sexuality and violence, peppered with abstract dreamscapes throughout. In 2011 this novel became an eUB book, available for digital readers. (ISBN 9781609846978)
References.
[http://www.jacotheearlyyears.com/NEWSbassguitar10.html]

</doc>
<doc id="21490525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490525" title="Nurobod District">
Nurobod District

Nurobod District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21490529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490529" title="Grigory Vakulinchuk">
Grigory Vakulinchuk

Artillery Quartermaster Grigory Meketovich Vakulinchuk (1877– 14/27 June 1905) was a Ukrainian sailor in the Imperial Russian Navy. He was born in Velyki Korovyntsi (now in Zhytomyr Oblast). He served on the Russian battleship "Potemkin".
He was one of nine children. He and his family worked in a sugar factory until the navy conscripted him. He learned to read in radical study circles. He became a member of a sailor patrol in Sevastopol so he could monitor radical meetings while pretending to bring them to light. Once he actually turned away two officers after saying he'd arrested a meeting of radicals the two men had found.
On 10/23 June 1905, he had attended a meeting of Tsentralka (the revolutionary sailors' organisation) and had argued in favour of an uprising: "To delay means to fail the revolution. At this moment, everywhere, workers and peasants are striking out. We must join the common fight." His powerful voice and long black moustache added to the effect of his words.
On 11/24 June he convinced the Tsentralka leaders to let the "Potemkin" lead the Black Sea uprising.
After the crew discovered their meat was maggot-ridden, Vakulinchuk called for a boycott rather than a full uprising.
Chief Officer Giliarovsky was using marines to threaten the sailors into eating the meat. Vakulinchuk retreated behind a gun turret then handed out guns from the armoury when he saw 30 sailors were going to be executed. He aimed at Giliarovsky, but hit Lieutenant Neupokoyev instead. Giliarovsky shot him in the chest. He managed to disarm Giliarovsky when a petty officer shot him from behind. After the fight, he tried to stand but fell into the sea after which he was rescued and sent to the infirmary. 
His friend Afanasi Matushenko then led the mutiny. The red flag the sailors hoisted had been hidden on board by Vakulinchuk. Vakulinchuk had thought the mutiny premature because he wanted to wait until they were with the fleet. His funeral in Odessa two days later turned into a political demonstration.
On his deathbed he asked for his savings (80 roubles) to be split between the sailors and his father. His last words were: "Don't throw it away Afanasi."
His death and funeral are important incidents in Sergei Eisenstein's film "Battleship Potemkin", where he was played by Aleksandr Antonov.

</doc>
<doc id="21490532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490532" title="Swiss Steam Laundry Building">
Swiss Steam Laundry Building

Swiss Steam Laundry Building, also known as the Swiss Building, is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Romanesque Revival-style six-story structure. The façade is dominated by two five-story arched bays each consisting of tripartite fenestration at the corners and a cast iron storefront with an ornamental scroll and egg-and-dart molding at the cornice. The interior of the building features iron columns and wood flooring. The first two floors are 20 feet high. The third and fourth floors are 16 feet high, while the uppermost floors are 10 feet high. It was built in 1895 as a manufacturers’ laundry.
Swiss Steam Laundry Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21490545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490545" title="Martti Järventaus">
Martti Järventaus

Martti Järventaus (born December 16, 1960 in Kotka, Finland) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from Finland. He twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1980 and 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21490547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490547" title="Google PowerMeter">
Google PowerMeter

Google PowerMeter was a software project of Google's philanthropic arm, Google.org, to help consumers track their home electricity usage. The development of the software was part of an effort by Google to invest in renewable energy, electricity grid upgrades, and other measures that would reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It was launched on October 5, 2009 and ended on September 16, 2011.
The software was designed to record the user's electricity usage in near real-time. According to the company, if half of America's homes' energy use was cut by ten percent, it would equal the average energy used by eight million cars.
It was hoped that this tool would raise the home-owner's awareness of how much energy they use and make users more energy efficient. PowerMeter was intended for use with smart meters able to track electricity usage in more detail than standard electric meters. According to Google, in 2009 there were approximately 40 million smart meters in use worldwide. By early 2009, approximately 7% of US homes had a smart meter installed.
Some other types of electricity meters and in-home energy use displays could also be used with PowerMeter.
Partnerships.
In October 2009 Google PowerMeter announced their first "device partner", The Energy Detective (TED 5000), an energy monitor from Energy Inc then only available only in North America, and their first UK partnership which was with AlertMe.
In 2010 UK company Current Cost announced a collaboration with Google PowerMeter. San Diego Gas and Electric's Sempra Energy company announced plans to install 1.4 million smart meters in San Diego County and Southern Orange County by the end of 2011 and said that after they sent out 100,000 post cards to let consumers know they could use the Google PowerMeter service, about 6% had started to use it.
In June 2011 Google announced the service would cease.

</doc>
<doc id="21490552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490552" title="Robert Winthrop (1833–1892)">
Robert Winthrop (1833–1892)

Robert Winthrop (April 18, 1833 – November 18, 1892) was a wealthy banker and capitalist in New York City.
Family.
He was the son of Thomas Charles Winthrop (1797–1873) and Georgianna (Kane) Winthrop and the brother of Civil War General Frederic Winthrop. He was a direct descendant of colonial governors John Winthrop, John Winthrop, Jr., and Fitz-John Winthrop. 
Robert Winthrop was married to Kate Wilson Taylor (1839–1925) on June 23, 1859. She was the daughter of Moses Taylor who was one of the greatest railroad, iron, and coal company financiers and was president of National City Bank for 27 years. 
They had six children who lived to adulthood: Robert Dudley Winthrop (1861–1912), Grenville Lindall Winthrop (1864–1943), Katharine Taylor Winthrop (1866–1943), Frederic Bayard Winthrop (1868–1932), Albertina Taylor Winthrop (1871–1934), and Beekman Winthrop (1874–1940). Katharine married United States Senator Hamilton Fish Kean (1862–1941) and Albertina married Dutch Diplomat Jan Herman van Roijen (1870–1933).
Career.
Robert Winthrop commenced his business career in the cotton and sugar business with J.&A. Dennistoun Wood. In 1859, he turned to banking with the firm of Read, Drexel. He was admitted to the New York Stock Exchange in 1862. In 1863, he became a one-third owner in the firm of Drexel, Winthrop & Company. 
Drexel, Winthrop was a very successful firm during the 1860s. During most of this time, this New York branch, combined with the Drexel’s Philadelphia branch, was profiting between $300,000 and $350,000 per year. The Drexel brothers had a desire to do more European investing, as Winthrop did not agree, Drexel, Winthrop was dissolved in 1871 and Robert Winthrop & Company was established. 
Over the next twenty years, this company would grow into an important family banking enterprise; Robert Winthrop multiplied his family’s fortune many times over. The Company would remain in the Winthrop family’s hands for over one hundred years. In 1977, Wood, Struthers, & Winthrop, the successor firm of Robert Winthrop & Company, was sold to Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette for one-million shares of DLJ stock. 
Robert Winthrop was considered a close associate of his father-in-law, Moses Taylor. By the late 1860s, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Winthrop were large holders of the Manhattan Gas Light Company with 240 shares. In 1873, they held 1,320 shares of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad. In 1870, Winthrop was a director of The Manhattan Coal Company. The extent of the Robert Winthrop family wealth would be further revealed during the Pujo Committee investigations. In 1913, a report issued by the Taft administration showed that Mrs. Robert Winthrop was the third largest shareholder of National City Bank of New York while Robert Winthrop & Company was the sixth largest shareholder in the National Bank of Commerce of New York. These were the nation’s two largest banks at the time. 
In 1883, Robert Winthrop was an original shareholder of the Real Estate Exchange and Auction Room in New York when he purchased $10,000 of the original $115,000 subscribed. Other original shareholders included John Jacob Astor, William Astor, and Lloyd Aspinwall. Winthrop served as a trustee of the New York Life Insurance and Trust Company and the Orthopedic Hospital. 
Socially, Robert Winthrop belonged to the Union, Knickerbocker, Riding, and Metropolitan Clubs. Winthrop was a friend, neighbor, and business associate of Theodore Roosevelt, Sr., father of United States President Theodore Roosevelt. The Winthrop and Roosevelt families would remain close through the next generation as Robert Winthrop’s son, Beekman Winthrop, would serve as President Roosevelt’s Governor of Puerto Rico and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
Descendants.
Robert Winthrop was the grandfather of United States Congressman Robert Winthrop Kean and great-grandfather of New Jersey Governor and 911 Commission Chairman Thomas Kean. It was the Winthrop-Taylor fortune that kept the Kean family afloat in tough economic times. Winthrop-Taylor monies were lent to the Kean’s during the panic of 1907, during the Great Depression to recapitalize Kean, Taylor and National State Bank of Elizabeth, and once again upon the death of Hamilton Fish Kean in 1941 to keep Kean, Taylor in existence. 
Robert Winthrop’s son, Grenville Lindall Winthrop accumulated one of the largest and most valuable private art collections in the United States. The collection was bequeathed to the Fogg Art Museum at Harvard University upon his death in 1943. 
Robert Winthrop’s son Beekman Winthrop served in the Taft Administration as well. From 1909 to 1913, he was Assistant Secretary of the Navy. Beekman Winthrop headed Robert Winthrop and Company from 1913 until 1939 and served as a director of National City Bank. 
Most modern day Winthrop’s descend from Robert Winthrop’s third son Frederic Winthrop. Robert Winthrop (1904–1999) headed Robert Winthrop & Company and Wood, Struthers, and Winthrop from 1939 until 1969 and was the majority partner upon its sale in 1977. Frederic Winthrop (1906–1979) was a gentleman farmer who presided over his estate in Hamilton and Ipswich, Massachusetts. Frederic Winthrop was the father of five Winthrop sons including Grant Forbes Winthrop who is a partner at Milbank, Winthrop, a private investment firm in New York City. Through his marriage, Frederic Winthrop was the uncle of U.S. Senator John F. Kerry. The Winthrop cousins also own a plantation in Allendale County, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="21490555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490555" title="Jim Reid (Australian footballer)">
Jim Reid (Australian footballer)

Jim Reid (born 1 May 1913, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s. 
Reid played predominantly on the wings where he was noted for his speedy bursts and drop kicks but was also used at half forward. He made an impact at South Melbourne despite playing just two seasons, finishing equal ninth at the 1935 Brownlow Medal which made him the best placed South Melbourne player. Reid was a wingman in both the 1935 and 1936 VFL Grand Finals.
He started at Claremont in 1937 and was a member of their premiership team that year as well as the next. In 1939 he won Claremont's 'Best and Fairest' award but missed out on a spot in his third successive Grand Final through injury. Reid, who represented Western Australia at the 1937 Perth Carnival, also won a 'Best and Fairest' in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="21490556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490556" title="Leuroperna sera">
Leuroperna sera

Leuroperna sera is a moth of the Plutellidae family. It is found in south-east Asia and Australia. The wingspan is about . The larvae feed on various Brassicaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="21490576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490576" title="Princedom of San Donato">
Princedom of San Donato

The princedom of San Donato was created by Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany, for the Russian Italophile Anatole Demidov in 1840, so that Demidov could marry Mathilde Bonaparte without her losing her title of "Princess". 
The title was never recognised in Russia. It was named after the Demidov family villa near Florence, Villa San Donato.

</doc>
<doc id="21490588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490588" title="The Devil You Know (Heaven &amp; Hell album)">
The Devil You Know (Heaven &amp; Hell album)

The Devil You Know is the only studio album from heavy metal band Heaven & Hell; the members had previously recorded as a group in an earlier line-up of Black Sabbath. "The Devil You Know" was Ronnie James Dio's final studio appearance prior to his death in May 2010.
The album's US import was released in Japan on 24 April 2009, four days earlier than its original due date of 28 April. The Japan domestic pressing which is a SHM-CD (Super High Material CD) was released on 27 April. It was produced by the band and sound engineer Mike Exeter.
"The Devil You Know" reached the top 10 in its first week of release, debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 chart, with 30,000 copies sold.
Conception.
In 2006 the Ronnie James Dio-era Black Sabbath line-up recorded three new tracks, "The Devil Cried", "Shadow of the Wind", and "Ear in the Wall" for an upcoming greatest hits package entitled "". Guitarist Tony Iommi said that the tracks were created because he felt there was nothing worthwhile releasing in the vaults from the Dio-era studio recordings and so these new songs were written and recorded. The song "The Devil Cried" was released as a promotional single for the release. Initially Dio commented that after the recording of those songs, he expected to leave the band and return to Dio and that another "Sabbath album" was "the last thing on my mind". Iommi commented that Heaven & Hell agreed on an album whilst the band was in Japan on their 2007 tour. The band started work on the album before and after the Metal Masters Tour in Dio and Iommi's houses respectively. Each member submitted CDs of material for the project. Iommi has described the work so far as being "really good, pretty powerful".
Title and art.
The album artwork is adapted from a painting by Per Øyvind Haagensen entitled "Satan". The artwork features the numbers 25 and 41. Geezer Butler stated in an interview that the numbers refer to the Bible verse Matthew 25:41, which deals with the Last Judgment where "those who sit at the left side of God are cast down into Hell". He also has explained that the name of the album is a reference to the name of the band, as fans know them as Black Sabbath. When finalising the cover art, the band narrowed it down to their two favourites but had a difficult time making a final decision. The second of those two favourites prominently features the traditional Black Sabbath devil logo. That alternative cover is available exclusively at Wal-Mart within the United States.
Critical reception.
"The Devil You Know" has received generally positive reviews. The album currently holds a score of 63/100 at the aggregate review site, Metacritic, indicating mixed or positive reviews. Allmusic described the album as being like Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" in matching its moment. However, it goes on to note that Heaven & Hell expresses a "very different side of their musical personalities" than Black Sabbath, and that the differing band name is suitable. "Metal Hammer" described the album as "one of the heavy releases of the year". Martin Popoff rated the album as better than "Dehumanizer", but not as good as "Heaven and Hell" or "Mob Rules". He described Dio's vocals being delivered with "thespian enunciation" and "passion".
Touring.
Heaven & Hell embarked on a second international tour (after their 2007 tour) in support of "The Devil You Know". The band's first scheduled date was in Bogota on 5 May 2009. They / supported by progressive rock acts Coheed and Cambria and The Mars Volta on North America for a select number of shows in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21490593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490593" title="Hanno, son of Hannibal">
Hanno, son of Hannibal

Hanno, son of Hannibal, was a Carthaginian general during the First Punic War (264 to 241 BC).
History.
Before the Battle of Agrigentum, Hannibal Gisco was in the city of Agrigentum, besieged by the Romans, and Hanno was sent to provide relief. Hanno concentrated his troops at Heraclea Minoa and captured the Roman supply base at Herbesos. He told his Numidian cavalry to attack the Roman cavalry and then feign retreat. The Romans pursued the Numidians as they retreated and were brought to the main Carthaginian column where they suffered many losses. The siege lasted several months before the Romans defeated the Carthaginians and forced Hanno to retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="21490597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490597" title="The Garrett Building">
The Garrett Building

The Garrett Building is a historic office building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a 13-story, limestone faced skyscraper which combines the Commercial style with Renaissance Revival detailing. It was designed and built in 1913 by the Baltimore architects J.B. Noel Wyatt and William G. Nolting for the Garrett and Sons investment banking company, a leading Baltimore financial institution offering a wide variety of services in several cities. 
Robert Garrett was an Irish immigrant and merchant who came to Baltimore in 1801 and opened his financial firm in 1819. His son, John W. Garrett, was an American banker, philanthropist, and president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O), whose support for the Union was critical in the Civil War. He was a close confidante of Johns Hopkins and George Peabody. Robert Garrett's great-grandson, Robert Garrett was an Olympic athlete and prominent in Baltimore civic life in the 20th century. Robert Garrett & Sons resided there until 1974 when it merged with Alex. Brown & Sons. 
The Baltimore law firm Gordon Feinblatt which had leased space in The Garrett Building since 1967, purchased the building in 1981 and then began one of the largest single restoration projects in the history of downtown Baltimore. The project was completed in January, 1984. Since that time, The Garrett Building has been the home of Gordon Feinblatt. 
The Garrett Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21490606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490606" title="Paul Richards (artist)">
Paul Richards (artist)

Paul Richards (born 1949) is a British figurative painter and part-time lecturer at the Slade School of Fine Art.
Richards was educated at Saint Martin's School of Art and Maidstone School of Art. He came to prominence in the seventies for performance-based art he produced with Bruce McLean in Nice Style, the world's first pose band.
Richards paints portraits and still lives. Seventeen of his oil paintings are in UK public art collections, for example Arts Council England and the Tavistock and Portman NHS Trust Foundation. He is represented by Connaught Brown Gallery, London.
Exhibitions.
"Crisis of Identity": 22 January - 28 February 2009 - Connaught Brown Gallery, London
One-Man:
1967: Robert Self Gallery, London
1977: Battersea Arts Centre, London
1981, 82, 83: Lewis Johnstone Gallery, London
1985: ‘Red Rite’, Riverside Studios, London;‘Love Dance’, Connaught Brown, London
1988,90: Connaught Brown, London
1991: Denis Hotz Fine Art, Johannesburg
1992,94: Connaught Brown, London
1995: Carling Dalenson, Stockholm
1996,98: Connaught Brown, London
1996: Dalenson Gallery, Naples, Florida
2003,06: Connaught Brown, London
Mixed:
1972: ‘The British Thing’, Oslo
1973: ‘Critics Choice’, Tooth Gallery, London;‘Deep Freeze’ (performance), Hanover Grand, London
1974: ‘A Problem of Positioning’ (performance), Architectural Association, London
1975: ‘End of an Era’, Robert Self Gallery, London
1979: ‘The Masterwork’ (performance), Riverside Studios, London
1982: ‘Collazione Inglese’, Venice,‘The New Classicism’, Bremio Lubiam, Italy
1983: New Purchase Exhibition, Arts Council Collection, National Theatre, London;‘The Formal and Informal’, Gallery of Modern Art, Bologna
1984: APERTO 84, Venice Biennale
1985: ‘Room at the Top’, Nicola Jacobs Gallery, London;Festival d’Eté de Seine Maritime, Rouen
1987-88: ‘The Arts for Television’, touring Exhibition - venues included: Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam; The Museum of Modern Art, New York; Musée National d’Art Moderne,Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris; Tate Gallery, London
1991: Recent Purchases, Contemporary Art Society, Camden Arts Centre, London
1994: Summer Exhibition, O’Hara Gallery, New York
1997: ‘Wait and See (What’s for Dinner)’, Towner Art Gallery, Eastbourne
2004–05: ‘Tom Bendhem: Collector’, Contemporary Art Society Touring Exhibition

</doc>
<doc id="21490607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490607" title="Elisabetta Gonzaga">
Elisabetta Gonzaga

Elisabetta Gonzaga (1471–1526) was a noblewoman of the Italian Renaissance, renowned for her cultured and virtuous life. A member of the House of Gonzaga, she was a sister of Francesco II Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua and by marriage the Duchess of Urbino. Because her husband, Duke Guidobaldo da Montefeltro, was impotent, Elisabetta never had children of her own, but did adopt her husband's nephew and heir, Francesco Maria I della Rovere.
Life.
Elisabetta was born in Mantua, Italy, the second daughter of Federico I Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua and Margaret of Wittelsbach. Her brother was Francesco II Gonzaga.
She married Guidobaldo da Montefeltro, the duke of Urbino, in 1489. Guidobaldo was sickly and impotent, and they had no children, but Elisabetta refused to divorce him and nursed him through his illnesses.
Elisabetta's education led her to a life in the company of some the greatest minds of late 15th century Italy. Her court attracted writers, artists, and scholars. 
Her nobility gave her contact and involvement in the power politics of 16th century Italy. She was the sister-in-law of Isabella d'Este, an influential Renaissance patron and political figure.
On 21 June 1502 Cesare Borgia occupied Urbino, putting to flight Guidobaldo and forcing Elisabetta to remain in Mantua, where she had been staying as a guest. She remained there until 1503 and then joined Guidobaldo in Venice. They were restored to power in 1504. Having no children they adopted in the same year Francesco Maria I della Rovere, the child of Guidobaldo's sister, who was then fourteen, to secure the succession.
In 1506 Elisabetta reluctantly accompanied Lucrezia Borgia on her journey to Ferrara, where Lucrezia was married to Alfonso I d'Este. An eyewitness described her at the wedding thus:
Following Guidobaldo's death in 1508 at the age of 36 she continued to live in Urbino as regent to the underage heir.
In 1509 Francesco Maria I was married to Eleonora Gonzaga, Elisabetta's niece, further consolidating the dynasty.
However in June 1516 she was expelled from Urbino by Pope Leo X, who wanted to give the duchy to his nephew Lorenzo de' Medici, Duke of Urbino (Lorenzo II di Piero, called "Lorenzino"). Together with her niece Eleonora Gonzaga and without a penny, they found refuge in Ferrara, where Elisabetta died in 1526.
Cultural references.
Elisabetta Gonzaga was immortalized by the writer Baldassare Castiglione, whose work of 1528, "The Courtier", was based on his interactions and conversations with her.
A portrait of her around the years 1504 to 1506 is attributed to the artist Raphael and is in the Uffizi gallery, Florence, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21490609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490609" title="Alexandros Karapanos">
Alexandros Karapanos

Alexandros Karapanos (, 1873–1946) was a Greek politician and diplomat. He was born in Arta (Epirus) and died in Athens.
Karapanos was the son of politician and archeologist Konstantinos Karapanos. He studied law and political science in Paris. In 1899 he joined the Greek diplomatic corps and became the country’s ambassador in several European capitals during the following years. At the outbreak of the Balkan Wars he was appointed political-diplomatic advisor to the Army of Epirus.
In February 1914, when the Great Powers awarded the region of Northern Epirus, which had been under the control of the Greek army, to the Principality of Albania, he moved to Gjirokastër and became Minister of Foreign Affairs in the provisional autonomous government formed by the local Greek population. His relative, Georgios Christakis-Zografos, was the head of this government. After successful negotiations with the representatives of the Great Powers and William of Wied of Albania, in May the Protocol of Corfu was signed which granted full autonomy to Northern Epirus.
Karapanos became MP for Arts in the Greek elections of December 1915, and in 1916 he was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs of the official royal government. He launched negotiations for the country’s participation with the Triple Entente in the First World War, but negotiations became deadlocked.
Karapanos participated at the Paris Peace Conference (1919) as a representative of the Northern Epirotes. In 1920 he became again an MP. Two years later, following the Asia Minor Catastrophe, he disagreed with the policies of the military revolt of September 1922, and rejected an offer to become Prime Minister of Greece.
Continuing his diplomatic activity, he was sent to Rome in 1923 to negotiate with Italy, after the Corfu incident. In 1928 he became again Minister of Foreign Affairs, in the cabinet of Eleftherios Venizelos (4 July 1928-7 June 1929). During this period Greece signed a number of treaties with Italy and Yugoslavia.
Alexandros Karapanos was the founder of the newspaper "Elefthero Vima", which is known today as "To Vima" ("the tribune") and the magazine "Politiki Epitheorisi" ("Political Review").

</doc>
<doc id="21490614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490614" title="D3M">
D3M

Demokrazia Hiru Milioi (Spanish: "Democracia Tres Millones"; D3M; also called Demokrazia 3,000,000) was an electoral platform which was formed to participate in the Basque Parliament elections in 2009. It was declared illegal on February 8, 2009, as the Supreme Court of Spain considered that it was linked with the separatist organization ETA.

</doc>
<doc id="21490616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490616" title="Zhejiang Normal University">
Zhejiang Normal University

Zhejiang Normal University (ZJNU; is a comprehensive public university based in Jinhua city, Zhejiang province, China.
The main campus of Zhejiang Normal University (ZNU) is located at the cultural historical city of Jinhua in the central part of Zhejiang Province. The city links Shanghai and Hangzhou to the north, and Guangdong and Fujian provinces to the south. The University is next to a national scenic spot—the Shuanglong Cave, and covers a total area of more than 220 hectares with a total floor space of more than one million square meters. Its green and beautiful campus furnishes an ideal place for living, study and work.
History.
The university was originally established as the Hangzhou Normal Academy in 1956. It became the Hangzhou Normal College in 1958. In 1962, Hangzhou Normal College and the Zhejiang Teaching College merged to become the Zhejiang Normal College. In 1965, the college relocated to Jinhua. In 1980, the college was classified as a tertiary education. In 1985, the college became the Zheijiang Normal University. Since then, the university has expanded its colleges, departments and undergraduate programmes.
Subsequently in 2000, 2001, and 2004, three more higher education merged into ZJNU; Zhejiang Financial School, Zhejiang School of Preschool-Teacher Education and the Jinhua Railway Engineering School respectively.
School profile.
As one of the key provincial universities, ZNU specializes in teacher education with multiple branches of learning. The University consists of 18 colleges offering 61 undergraduate programs. It has an enrolment over 25,480 undergraduates, 4,300 postgraduates, and 15,000 adult students in various adult education programs. Among the total staff of 2,640, there are 1,460 full-time instructors, including a Chinese Academy of Sciences Academician, 260 full professors and 650 associate professors. One professor was awarded the title of National Outstanding Scholar. The University is named by the Ministry of Education as a Key National Training Base for Teachers of Vocational Education. In addition, it is designated by the Ministry of Railways as a base for the training of locomotive engineers. Moreover, Zhejiang Training Center for University and College Teachers is affiliated to the university for various in-service training programs.
At present, the University claims 24 provincial key disciplines, 6 provincial key construction disciplines, 3 provincial research bases and 63 master’s degree programs. ZNU offers other professional master’s programs including M. Ed., MPA, MBA, MSW, MTCSOL, MA for Part-Time Vocational Education and MA of Science in Physical Education. The libraries at ZNU have a collection of more than 3,000,000 traditional books and over 1,850,000 online books. 42 laboratories have been established, with a total floor space of 119,000 square meters, including one key laboratory of the Ministry of Education, one national key demonstration center of experiment instruction and 5 provincial key laboratories and key demonstration centers of experiment instruction.
The University makes strenuous efforts to open up to the outside world. In recent years, ties of academic exchange and cooperation have been set up between ZNU and 92 foreign universities and research institutes in 42 countries. In 1996, ZNU set up a Center for Chinese Language and Culture in Cameroon. In 1997, the University was authorized to accept short-term and long-term international students. Approved by the Ministry of Education, ZNU established a Base for Education Assistance and Development in 2004 to undertake human resources development projects for senior educational administrators from other continents. In addition, the University has been authorized to run a center for overseas studies to assist self-funded students to study in foreign countries. In 2007, the University was authorized to accept international students supported by the Chinese Government Scholarship, and established a Confucius Institute in Cameroon and Ukraine respectively.
Following the motto of “wisdom with virtue, integrity with innovation”, ZNU is striding forward to build itself into a high-level comprehensive teaching and research university with its own characteristics.
Leaders.
Secretary of the Party Committee : Chen Dexi
President : Wu Fengmin
Vice Secretary of the Party Committee : Hu Jianxin
Vice Secretary of the Party Committee : Zhang Xianliang
Vice President : Wang Hui
Vice President : Wang Jingyao
Vice President : Yang Ling
Vice President : Jiang Guojun
College and schools.
Zhejiang Normal University has 18 colleges and schools that offers 61 study programs .
The university has also another college in Hangzhou, Hangzhou Junior Teachers College.
References.
Institute of African Studies,Zhejiang Normal University (IASZNU),http://ias.zjnu.cn/

</doc>
<doc id="21490619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490619" title="Manče">
Manče

Manče () is a village in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Church.
A small church built above the village in the 1990s was dedicated to Saint Martin in 2000 and is privately owned.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Manče include:

</doc>
<doc id="21490627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490627" title="Mercantile Trust and Deposit Company">
Mercantile Trust and Deposit Company

Mercantile Trust and Deposit Company is a historic bank building in Baltimore, designed by the Baltimore architectural firm of Wyatt and Sperry and constructed in 1885. It has a brick-with-stone-ornamentation Romanesque Revival structure, with deeply set windows, round-arch window openings, squat columns with foliated capitals, steeply pitched broad plane roofs, and straight-topped window groups. The interior features a large banking room with a balcony, Corinthian columns and ornate wall plaster work. 
Mercantile Trust and Deposit Company was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Previously the home of Club Dubai, the building was purchased by Modern Globe LLC for $1.25 million in May 2012 for use by the Chesapeake Shakespeare Company. After improvements estimated to cost about $6 million, there are plans to open the Mercantile building as a new venue for the Chesapeake Shakespeare Company in 2014. Plans call for a thrust stage, surrounded on three sides by two mezzanine levels.

</doc>
<doc id="21490646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490646" title="Leave It to the Girls">
Leave It to the Girls

Leave It to the Girls is an American radio and television talk show, created by Martha Rountree, and broadcast, in various forms, from the 1940s through the 1980s.
Broadcast details.
Radio version.
The series was originally a radio program airing on MBS starting in 1945 with hostess Paula Stone. The show was created by "Meet the Press" creator Martha Rountree as a serious-minded discussion of the problems of career women, but soon became a comedic commentary on love, romance, and marriage from an almost-all female panel — one man was always on the panel to provide the male viewpoint.
Television versions.
The NBC television network broadcast the show April 27, 1949, to December 30, 1951; Maggi McNellis replaced radio show hostess Paula Stone. 
Later, the series left NBC and was picked up by the ABC television network, who broadcast it from October 3, 1953, to March 27, 1954.
A syndicated weekday daytime version, also hosted by Maggi McNellis, was broadcast 1961-62.
Another version, called "Leave it to the Women", produced by Chuck Barris, and hosted by Stephanie Edwards, aired 1981-1982 in syndication.
Cast.
Stage and film actress Paula Stone was one of the hostesses for the radio version of the show, along with Elissa Landi and Maggi McNellis.
The NBC, ABC, and the 1960s television versions were all hosted by Maggi McNellis, a 1930s supper club singer, a 1940s radio show hostess for her own shows, and a New York City society hostess through the 1980s. All the female panelists could be characterized as "glamorous, well-dressed, showbiz types". Some of the female television panelists were Eloise McElhone (1921-1974), Vanessa Brown, Florence Pritchett, Lisa Ferraday, Ann Rutherford, Harriet Van Horne, and Janet Blair. McElhone was also host of the DuMont series "Quick on the Draw" and "Eloise Salutes the Stars".
Among the men appearing as the solitary male presence on the television panel were George Brent, Burt Lancaster, Morey Amsterdam, Henry Morgan, and George Jessel — John Henry Faulk was the permanent male panelist in the primetime television show's last year, 1954. The male seemed to be at a disadvantage against the chattering women, as the only way he could manage to break into their constant babbling was to toot a toy horn. 
Stephanie Edwards was the hostess for the all-female version of the show in 1981 and 1982. Producer Chuck Barris originally had filmed the pilot for sale to the NBC network, but later bought back the rights and syndicated the show. A sampling of the guests from one show were TV journalist Shana Alexander, singer/actress Della Reese, and 1966 Playboy Centerfold (and wife of Dick Martin), Dolly Martin.
Episode status.
The October 21, 1951, television episode survives at The Paley Center for Media. The same archive also has several of the radio episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="21490662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490662" title="Kimpese">
Kimpese

Kimpese is a town in the Cataractes District of Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It lies on the main road and railway between Kinshasa and the provincial capital Matadi, at an altitude of 990 ft (301 m) above sea level.
There are tributaries of the Congo River to the north and south of the town. Kimpese has a hospital, medical training centre, high school, technical training institute and an agricultural college The 400 bed Kimpese hospital serves 150,000 people in the local area and another 600,000 in the surrounding district. The town also contains an office of the UNHCR, which provides assistance to the nearly 60,000 Angolan refugees in Kongo Central province. Kimpeses population is approximately 40,000; and although DRC is a mainly catholic country, the town has a Protestant majority.

</doc>
<doc id="21490677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490677" title="Erlanger Buildings">
Erlanger Buildings

Erlanger Buildings is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It consists of a four-structure, turn-of-the-20th-century loft complex. The buildings range in size from two- to six-stories high and feature iron storefronts and stone detailing. They were built between 1892 and 1910. The buildings served as the home of the Erlanger Manufacturing Company, which produced BVD brand underwear. Charles Erlanger, co-founder of the company, is credited with making major advances in the design of underwear which revolutionized the industry.
The Erlanger Buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. They are included in the Baltimore National Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21490680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490680" title="Your Witness (TV series)">
Your Witness (TV series)

Your Witness is an American dramatized court show that aired on the ABC network from 1949 to 1950. It aired Mondays at 8:00 PM EST, and was based around real-life cases. It is among the very first television court programs.

</doc>
<doc id="21490689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490689" title="Jackie Pigeaud">
Jackie Pigeaud

Jackie Pigeaud (born 1937) is a retired French professor of Latin and historian of medicine. He occupied a chair at the University of Nantes and is a member of the Institut universitaire de France.
His field of research is the relationship of body and soul in the tradition of medical thought.

</doc>
<doc id="21490723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490723" title="Charlie Walters">
Charlie Walters

Charlie Walters (born 1 April 1897 – 13 May 1971) was a professional footballer who played for Oxford City, Tottenham Hotspur, Fulham and Mansfield Town. He was also an amateur cricketer. He was born in Sandford-on-Thames, Oxfordshire and died in Kidlington, Oxfordshire.
Football career.
The centre half joined Tottenham from Oxford City in 1919. He made 117 appearances in all competitions for the club and includes collecting a winners' medal in the 1921 FA Cup Final. Walters joined Fulham in 1926 and featured in a further 18 matches before ending his career at Mansfield Town.
Cricket career.
Walters made his debut for Oxfordshire in the 1922 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire. He played Minor counties cricket for Oxfordshire from 1922 to 1952, which is the joint second longest playing time for the county, level with Keith Arnold and exceeded only by Stewart Lee. He played a total of 129 matches for the county. He played first-class for a combined Minor Counties cricket team on four occasions: in 1930 against Wales and Lancashire, in 1931 against the touring New Zealanders, and in 1934 against Oxford University. In his four first-class matches, he scored 47 runs at a batting average of 11.75, with a high score of 25. With the ball he took 3 wickets at a bowling average of 49.33, with best figures of 2/72.

</doc>
<doc id="21490740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490740" title="The Silver Theatre">
The Silver Theatre

The Silver Theatre is a television series that was broadcast on the CBS television network from 1949 to 1950. It was a live anthology series consisting of dramatic teleplays about romance. It was sponsored by the International Silver Company.

</doc>
<doc id="21490742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490742" title="Gandy Belting Company Building">
Gandy Belting Company Building

Gandy Belting Company Building is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a brick masonry bearing-wall structure built in five sections. The sections built in 1888, 1890, and 1908 are four stories in height. The remaining two sections, built in 1908-1911 and 1911 respectively, are five stories in height. The Gandy Belting Company, (1888-1931) manufactureer of machinery belting.
Gandy Belting Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21490744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490744" title="Palazzo del Capitaniato">
Palazzo del Capitaniato

The palazzo del Capitaniato, also known as loggia del Capitanio or loggia Bernarda, is a palazzo in Vicenza, northern Italy, designed by Andrea Palladio in 1565 and built between 1571 and 1572. It is located on the central Piazza dei Signori, facing the Basilica Palladiana.
The palazzo is currently used by the town council. It was decorated by Lorenzo Rubini and, in the interior, with frescoes by Giovanni Antonio Fasolo. Since 1994 the palace has been part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the "City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto".
Concept and style.
When one compares the Gothic arches of the Palazzo Ducale in Venice with the loggias of Palladio’s Basilica, inspired by the classical language of ancient Rome (and even more if one compares the 16th-century (Cinquecento) palazzi of Vicenza with those on the Grand Canal), the Vicentines’ desire to emphasise their cultural autonomy from the architectural models of "La Serenissima" becomes quite clear. Nevertheless, twenty years later, when the Citizen Council commissioned for the same piazza the refacing of the official residence of the Venetian Captain (the military head in charge of the city on behalf of the Venetian Republic), it would again fall to Palladio to undertake the work, and the contest, if any, was between two extraordinary architectures rising one in front of the other.
It is extremely rare for any architect to have the opportunity to intervene twice in the same place, after an interval of twenty years. The young architect of the Basilica, then still under the supervision of Giovanni da Porlezza, had by now become the celebrated creator of several important buildings: churches, palaces and villas for the dominant élite of the Veneto. Palladio chose not to have the two buildings converse: against the purism of the Basilica’s double-storey arcades, we find the Loggia’s colossal engaged composite columns, and while the Basilica was executed in white stone and devoid of decoration (if one ignores the design of architectural elements like the frieze, keystones and statues), the Loggia abounds in rich stucco decorations.
Both the use of the giant order and this decorative richness are twin traits peculiar to Palladio’s architectural idiom in the last decade of his life. However, the chromatic contrast between the white of the stone and the red of the brick (even though desired by Palladio in the Convento della Carità in Venice) is only the product of the original surfaces’ degradation: ample remains of the light stucco which once covered the bricks are still quite visible, just below the great Composite capitals.
The Palladian loggia replaced an analogous building which had stood on the same site from the Middle Ages, and which had already been reconstructed at least twice during the Cinquecento: a covered public loggia on the ground floor and an audience hall on the upper storey. The new construction became economically viable in April 1571 and works began immediately. Palladio supplied the last drawings for the moulding templates in March 1572 and by the end of that year the building would have been roofed, since Giannantonio Fasolo could paint the lacunars of the audience hall while Lorenzo Rubini could execute the stuccoes and statues.
While the upper hall displays a flat, coffered ceiling, the ground-floor loggia has a sophisticated vault covering, certainly to better sustain the weight of the hall. The overall design is extremely sophisticated, as witnessed for example by the portals which open within the niches and follow their curvature.
The debate on whether the loggia was meant to extend to five (or seven) bays has now grown stale. It is, however, worth noting Palladio’s compositional liberty in designing the façade onto the Piazza in a radically different manner to that on the Contra’ del Monte and thereby somewhat rupturing the building’s unitary logic. On closer observation, however, Palladio limited himself to applying an adequate response to different situations: the piazza’s broad visual frontage (also bearing in mind the dimensional constraints of the narrow façade) made necessary the powerful verticalising of the giant order; the reduced dimensions both of the building’s flank and of the Contra’ del Monte itself obliged the use of a more temperate order. Moreover, the façade onto the Contra’ del Monte would be used as a sort of perennial triumphal arch, recording the victory gained by the Venetian forces over the Turks at the battle of Lepanto in October 1571.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21490768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490768" title="Nicholas-Zaretsky Church">
Nicholas-Zaretsky Church

The Nicholas-Zaretsky Church ("Николо-Зарецкий храм") is a church in Tula in Russia. It contains the family vault of the Demidov family of industrialists. Its usual name is the Nicholas-Zaretsky Church, though it has held various others over time.
History.
The church originated as two separate 17th century wooden churches on the site, replaced between 1730 and 1734 by a new double-nave church. The new church's founder is considered to be Akinfiy Demidov, son of Nikita Demidov. It has several side chapels, with paintings of the Nativity, St Nicholas, St Andrew and Tikhon of Kaluga. In 1734 a new crypt chapel was built for burials of the Demidov family. A bell tower in the Yaroslava-Suzdal style was built near the church. In Soviet times the church was closed and used as a warehouse, though it is now back in use as a church.

</doc>
<doc id="21490769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490769" title="Digital Scrapbook Artist">
Digital Scrapbook Artist

Serif Digital Scrapbook Artist is a digital scrapbooking program for Microsoft Windows.
It has many standard vector graphics features, due to a shared code base with DrawPlus and also includes features designed specifically for digital scrapbooking such as photo frames, auto-flowing of photos into frames, asset management (can load backgrounds, layouts and embellishments from pack files), a cut-out studio, photo adjustments and realistic filters effects. It also includes a selection of high resolution photographic assets, and is capable of exporting 300 DPI images for print or upload to photo sharing websites.
Supported platforms.
Digital Scrapbook Artist was developed for Microsoft Windows and is fully compatible with Windows XP, Windows Vista (32/64bit) and Windows 7 (32/64bit).

</doc>
<doc id="21490802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490802" title="Joseph Keble">
Joseph Keble

Joseph Keble (1632 – 28 August 1710) was an English barrister and law reporter. As well as recording more than four thousand sermons preached in the chapel of Gray's Inn, Keble reported every case heard by the Court of King's Bench from 1661 until his death. Although he was in court every day, he was never known to have had a brief to represent a client.
Life.
Keble was the son of Richard Keble, Commissioner of the Great Seal from 1649 to 1654. He was born in 1632 in the parish of St Giles-in-the-Fields, London and educated at the parish school in Holborn. He became a member of Gray's Inn in 1647. He attended the University of Oxford, matriculating from All Souls College in 1651 and obtaining a Bachelor of Civil Law degree in 1654. He was also made a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford by the Parliamentary commissioners in 1648. He was called to the bar in 1653.
After becoming a barrister, he was never known to have a brief to represent a client in court. However, because the "disease of reporting was so strong upon him", he went to the Court of King's Bench every day from 1661 until his death in 1710 and wrote reports on the cases heard by the Court. He was regarded as a law reporter of considerable note "and of almost incredible industry". Many of his case reports were published as "Reports in the court of queen's bench...from the 12th to the 30th year of the reign of Charles II" (1685). More than 150 handwritten folios and quartos of case reports were left unpublished at his death. His other writings included "An Explanation of the Laws against Recusants" (1681), and "An Assistance to Justices of the Peace" (1683). He also recorded more than four thousand sermons preached in the chapel of Gray's Inn. He died on 28 August 1710 in Holborn and was buried at Tuddenham, Suffolk where he was a property owner.

</doc>
<doc id="21490818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490818" title="Hermann Jäger">
Hermann Jäger

Hermann Jäger (1815-1890) was born October 7, 1815 at Münchenbernsdorf, Saxony (now Germany). A botanist specializing in medicinal plants and horticulture, he was Associate Editor of the journal "Gartenflora", founded in 1852 by Eduard von Regel, from 1857 until his death.
Career.
Jäger trained in horticulture at the Belvedere gardens in Weimar. He travelled to Italy in 1840, then studied at the Jardin du Luxembourg in Paris, where he specialized in pomology. After visiting Belgium and England, Jäger returned to the Belvedere, then worked for a short time at the botanical garden in Berlin. In 1844, he was engaged as a gardener at the Botanical Garden in Erlangen, where in 1873 he was appointed Director by the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
Death.
Jäger died at Eisenach on January 5, 1890.
Legacy.
Jäger created many parks, but spent most of his time writing books on horticulture. His "Lehrbuch der Gartenkunst" (:"Textbook of Garden Art") published in 1877 enjoyed much success.
Publications.
Jäger was also responsible for overseeing the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21490852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490852" title="Highland Clearances">
Highland Clearances

The Highland Clearances (, the "expulsion of the Gael") was the forced displacement during the 18th and 19th centuries of a significant number of people from traditional land tenancies in the Scottish Highlands, where they had practised small-scale agriculture. It resulted from enclosures of common lands and a change from farming to sheep raising, an agricultural revolution largely carried out by hereditary aristocratic landowners. A Highland Clearance has been defined as "an enforced simultaneous eviction of all families living in a given area such as an entire glen".
The clearances are particularly notorious as a result of the brutality of many evictions at short notice (year-by-year tenants had almost no protection under Scots law), and the abruptness of the change from the traditional clan system, in which reciprocal obligations between the population and their leaders were well-recognized. The cumulative effect of the Clearances devastated the cultural landscape of Scotland in a way that did not happen in other areas of Britain; the effect of the Clearances was to destroy much of the Gaelic culture.
The Clearances resulted in significant emigration of Highlanders to the sea coast, the Scottish Lowlands, and further afield to North America and Australasia. In the early 21st century, more descendants of Highlanders are found in these diaspora destinations than in Scotland.
The Clearances were a complex series of events occurring over a period of more than a hundred years.
Economic and social background.
The enclosures in rural England in the British Agricultural Revolution started much earlier, during the Tudor period. Similar developments in Scotland have lately been called the Lowland Clearances by historians such as Tom Devine. But in the Highlands, the impact on a Goidelic (Scottish Gaelic)-speaking semi-feudal culture, which had included the fulfillment of obligations of a chief to his clan, led to vocal campaigning against the actions. There has been a lingering bitterness among the descendants of those forced to emigrate or to remain in crofting townships on very small areas of poor farming land.
Changes in clan leadership.
From the late 16th century, laws required clan leaders to appear in Edinburgh regularly to provide bonds for the conduct of anyone in their territory. This created a tendency among chiefs to identify as landlords, rather than leaders of men. The lesser clan-gentry increasingly took up droving, taking cattle along the old unpaved drove roads to sell in the Lowlands. This brought wealth and land ownership within the clan, though the Highlands continued to be overpopulated and poor. The landowners considered the crofters to be virtually free labour, and forced them to work long hours in activities such as harvesting and processing of kelp, an activity that reached its peak in the West Highlands between 1750 and 1815.
Repression of Jacobitism.
The Jacobite Risings (1648-1746) brought repeated government efforts to curb those clans who supported James VII of Scotland and II of England and James Francis Edward Stuart and Charles Edward Stuart. They responded with brutal repression after the 1746 Battle of Culloden, the last major attempt by the Stuarts to reclaim the throne.
The Act of Proscription of 1746, incorporating the Dress Act, required all swords to be surrendered to the government; it prohibited the traditional wearing of clan tartans and kilts. The Tenures Abolition Act 1660 ended the feudal bond of military service by crofters to their chiefs, and the Heritable Jurisdictions Act removed the virtually sovereign power which the chiefs held over their clans. The government's enforcement of the prohibitions varied and often related to the degree of a clan's support during the rebellion. But, overall these actions led to the destruction of the traditional clan system and of the supportive social structures of small agricultural townships.
From about 1725, in the aftermath of the first Jacobite Rising, Highlanders had begun emigrating to the Americas in increasing numbers. Under the Disarming Act of 1746 and the Clan Act, the Crown made ineffectual attempts to subdue the Scottish Highlands, and eventually sent in troops. Government garrisons were built or extended in the Great Glen at Fort William, Kiliwhimin (later renamed Fort Augustus) and Fort George, Inverness, as well as barracks at Ruthven, Bernera and Inversnaid, linked to the south by the "Wade roads" (constructed for Major-General George Wade). These had the effect of limiting organisational travel and choking off news; and further isolated the clans. But, social conditions remained unsettled for the whole decade.
Economic "improvements".
What became known as the Clearances were regarded by the landlords as necessary improvements to make agriculture viable. They are thought to have been begun by Admiral John Ross of Balnagowan Castle in 1762. MacLeod of MacLeod (the chief of MacLeod) began experimental work on Skye in 1732. Chiefs hired Lowland, or sometimes English, factors with expertise in more profitable sheep farming. They "encouraged", sometimes forcibly, the population to move off land judged suitable for raising sheep.
To landlords, "improvement" and "clearance" did not necessarily mean depopulation. At least until the 1820s, when there were steep falls in the price of kelp, landlords wanted to create pools of cheap or virtually free labour, supplied by families subsisting in new crofting townships. Having the crofters collect and process kelp yielded profits to the landlords, and they petitioned successfully for legislation designed to stop emigration, leading to the Passenger Vessels Act 1803. Attitudes changed during the 1820s and, for many landlords, the Great Potato Famine, which began in 1846, became another reason to encourage or force emigration and depopulation.
Before the beginning of the Clearances, there were examples of clan chiefs responding to these emerging problems before Culloden. Michael Lynch notes that:
If there was a clash within the [ Jacobites and Hanoverians who fought at Culloden ] between a supposedly backward-looking Highland society and a 'progressive', capitalist Lowland economy, it was not a clear-cut one. Cameron of Lochiel, who fought for Charles, was as much a representative of a new capitalist attitude to Highland estate management as was the house of Argyll, ever the mainstay of support for the Hanoverian regime.
Clan land had become the private property of individual landlords. Nevertheless, many of those landlords also struggled against harsh economic realities. "Much of the drama and tragedy of the Highlands is told in the negotiations between financially racked landlords and their creditors, agents and trustees... The best of intentions were never enough amid the more populous and improvement-driven world of the mid-century Highlands."
The government gave financial aid for roads and bridges to assist the new sheep-based agriculture and trade.
Year of the Sheep.
Another wave of mass emigration came in 1792, known to Gaelic-speaking Highlanders as the "Bliadhna nan Caorach" ("Year of the Sheep"). Landlords had been clearing land to establish sheep farming. In 1792 tenant farmers from Strathrusdale led a protest by driving more than 6,000 sheep off the land surrounding Ardross. This action, commonly referred to as the "Ross-shire Sheep Riot", was dealt with at the highest levels in the government; the Home Secretary Henry Dundas became involved. He had the Black Watch mobilised; it halted the drive and brought the ringleaders to trial. They were found guilty, but later escaped custody and disappeared.
The people were relocated to poor crofts. Others were sent to small farms in coastal areas, where farming could not sustain the population, and they were expected to take up fishing as a new trade. In the village of Badbea in Caithness, the weather conditions were so harsh that, while the women worked, they had to tether their livestock and their children to rocks or posts to prevent them being blown over the cliffs. Other crofters were transported directly to emigration ships, bound for North America or Australia.
Religion.
From the Reformation, practicing Roman Catholicism was illegal (owning any property was illegal), identified with Jacobitism, and unacceptable in higher society; its adherents are difficult to estimate but were a definite minority of the Scottish population, though a majority in some parts of the Western Highlands. In 1755 it was estimated that there were some 16,500 communicants, mainly in the north and west. In 1764, "the total Catholic population in Scotland would have been about 33,000 or 2.6% of the total population. Of these 23,000 were in the Highlands". Another estimate for 1764 is of 13,166 Catholics in the Highlands, perhaps a quarter of whom had emigrated by 1790.
Dawson and Farber note that 'although the landlords did not target people for ethnic or religious reasons, the effect of the Clearances was to destroy much of the Gaelic culture, which was dispersed along with the people that fled.' and Protestants were the majority both of the Highland population generally and of those Cleared. Nevertheless, anti-Catholic sentiment (along with famine, poverty and rising rents) was a contributory factor in some Clearances. 
Second phase of the Clearances.
It was only in the early 19th century that the second, more brutal phase of the Clearances began; this was well before the visit by George IV in 1822, when Lowlanders set aside their previous distrust and hatred of the Highlanders and identified with them as national symbols.
Most notorious are the examples of landlords trying to exploit changing economic circumstances to their financial advantage by clearing uneconomical tenants from their land, making room for more profitable uses such as sheep, deer forests or tourism. Two of the best documented such clearances are those from the land of the Duchess of Sutherland carried out by her factor Patrick Sellar, and the Glencalvie clearances which were witnessed and documented by a London Times reporter.
In 1807 Elizabeth Gordon, 19th Countess of Sutherland, touring her inheritance with her husband Lord Stafford (later Duke of Sutherland), wrote that "he is seized as much as I am with the rage of improvements, and we both turn our attention with the greatest of energy to turnips". As well as turning land over to sheep farming, Stafford planned to invest in creating a coal-pit, salt pans, brick and tile works and herring fisheries. That year his agents began the evictions, and 90 families were forced to leave their crops in the ground and move their cattle, furniture and timbers to the land they were offered away on the coast, living in the open until they had built themselves new houses. This plan has been described as a "typical example... of social engineering which met neither the hopes of the benefactors nor the needs of the beneficiaries, but produced social disaster."
The Sutherlands' first Commissioner, William Young, arrived in 1809, and soon engaged Patrick Sellar as his factor, who pressed ahead with the process while acquiring sheep farming estates for himself. The Sutherlands were responsible for brutal clearances between 1811 and 1820. Sellar threw people out in person if they showed any reluctance to go, and burned down their crofts to make sure they never came back. Evictions of 2,000 families in one day were not uncommon. Many starved and froze to death where their homes had once been. The Duchess of Sutherland, on seeing the starving tenants on her husband's estate, remarked in a letter to a friend in England, "Scotch people are of happier constitution and do not fatten like the larger breed of animals."
Donald McLeod, a Sutherland crofter, wrote about the events he witnessed:
"The consternation and confusion were extreme. Little or no time was given for the removal of persons or property; the people striving to remove the sick and the helpless before the fire should reach them; next, struggling to save the most valuable of their effects. The cries of the women and children, the roaring of the affrighted cattle, hunted at the same time by the yelling dogs of the shepherds amid the smoke and fire, altogether presented a scene that completely baffles description — it required to be seen to be believed.
A dense cloud of smoke enveloped the whole country by day, and even extended far out to sea. At night an awfully grand but terrific scene presented itself — all the houses in an extensive district in flames at once. I myself ascended a height about eleven o'clock in the evening, and counted two hundred and fifty blazing houses, many of the owners of which I personally knew, but whose present condition — whether in or out of the flames — I could not tell. The conflagration lasted six days, till the whole of the dwellings were reduced to ashes or smoking ruins. During one of these days a boat actually lost her way in the dense smoke as she approached the shore, but at night was enabled to reach a landing-place by the lurid light of the flames."
Accounts like those of McLeod and General David Stewart of Garth brought widespread condemnation. Two old people evicted at Sellar's orders were too ill to go far. He left them exposed to the chill northern air and they died. He was acquitted on a charge of manslaughter, but the Duchess wrote: "The more I hear and see of Sellar the more I am convinced that he is not to be trusted more than he is at present. He is so exceedingly greedy and harsh with the people, there are very heavy complaints against him from Strathnaver." In due course Sellar was dismissed from his post.
Elsewhere, the flamboyant Alexander Ranaldson MacDonell of Glengarry portrayed himself as the last genuine specimen of the true Highland chief while his tenants (almost all Catholic) were subjected to a relentless process of eviction. He abandoned his disbanded regiment; its Catholic chaplain, (later Bishop) Alexander Macdonell led the men and their families to settle in Glengarry County, eastern Ontario, Canada. The area was a major destination for Highland emigrants in the 18th century and early 19th century, and Gaelic was the native tongue of the settlement. In respect for their ancestors' Scottish culture, the county hosts the annual Glengarry Highland Games, one of the biggest Highland Games gatherings of its kind outside Scotland.
Potato famine.
As in Ireland, the potato crop failed in the mid 19th century, and a widespread outbreak of cholera further weakened the Highland population. The ongoing clearance policy resulted in starvation, deaths, and a secondary clearance, when families either migrated voluntarily or were forcibly evicted. There were many deaths of children and old people. As there were few alternatives, people emigrated, joined the army, or moved to growing urban centres such as Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Dundee in Lowland Scotland and Newcastle upon Tyne and Liverpool in the north of England. In places some people were given economic incentives to move, but in many instances landlords used violent methods.
In 1851, following his tour of the Western Highlands and Isles, Sir John McNeill wrote:
The inhabitants of these distressed districts have neither capital enough to cultivate the extent of the land necessary to maintain them if it could be provided, nor have they land enough were the capital supplied to them.
Richards considers this observation to be "the central dilemma of the crofter economy". After the potato blight, there were more people than the land could support.
Pseudoscientific racism.
With the development of pseudoscientific racist ideas from about 1850, the Clearances were at times supported by belief that the Celtic "race" was inferior to the Anglo Saxon "race". George Combe's popular and influential The Constitution of Man, published in 1828, provided a framework which would be used by some to support theories of racial superiority. In 1850 Robert Knox published "The Races of Men" which asserted the inferiority of the Celt compared to the Anglo Saxon and Nordic races.
The view that the economic failures of the Highlands were due to the shortcomings of the Celtic race was shared and expressed by the two most important Scottish newspapers, The Scotsman and the Glasgow Herald – and even the more northerly Inverness Courier.
In 1851 The Scotsman wrote that
“Collective emigration is, therefore, the removal of a diseased and damaged part of our population. It is a relief to the rest of the population to be rid of this part.”
Similar views were held by senior public officials.
Sir Charles Trevelyan was co-founder with Sir John McNeill of the Highland and Island Emigration Society. In a letter to McNeill in 1852 he wrote that
“A national effort” would now be necessary in order to rid the land of “the surviving Irish and Scotch Celts”. The exodus would then allow for the settlement of a racially superior people of Teutonic stock. He welcomed “the prospects of flights of Germans settling here in increasing numbers – an orderly, moral, industrious and frugal people, less foreign to us than the Irish or Scotch Celt, a congenial element which will readily assimilate with our body politic.”
Political responses.
Karl Marx was living in London during the peak of the national controversy over the Highland Clearances. In Das Kapital he described them as
The spoliation of the church's property, the fraudulent alienation of the State domains, the robbery of the common lands, the usurpation of feudal and clan property, and its transformation into modern private property under circumstances of reckless terrorism...
The Highland Land League eventually achieved land reform in the enactment of Crofting Acts, but these could not bring economic viability and came too late, at a time when the land was already suffering from depopulation.
Legacy of the Clearances.
The Canadian Boat-Song expresses the desolation felt by those exiled from poor, but tight-knit communities with a longstanding, distinctive, and rich culture:
"Yet still the blood is strong, the heart is Highland,
And we in dreams behold the Hebrides."
The diaspora was worldwide, but emigrants settled in close communities in Nova Scotia (Antigonish and Pictou counties and later Cape Breton), the Glengarry and Kingston areas of Ontario and the Carolinas of the American colonies. Canadian Gaelic was widely spoken for some two centuries. One estimate for Cape Breton, Nova Scotia has 25,000 Gaelic-speaking Scots arriving as immigrants between 1775 and 1850. At the beginning of the 20th century, there were an estimated 100,000 Gaelic speakers in Cape Breton, but because of economic migration to English-speaking areas and the lack of Gaelic education in the Nova Scotian school system, the numbers of Gaelic speakers fell dramatically. By the beginning of the 21st century, the number of native Gaelic speakers had fallen to well below 1,000 though Highland surnames (and Roman Catholic confession) are still common in areas of Nova Scotia, such as in the town of Antigonish and the island of Cape Breton.
Highland surnames are also widespread in Canada, the USA, Australia, and New Zealand.
Memorials to the Clearances.
Scotland.
On 23 July 2007, the Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond unveiled a high bronze "Exiles" statue in Helmsdale, Sutherland, which commemorates the people who were cleared from the area by landowners and left their homeland to begin new lives overseas. The statue, which depicts a family leaving their home, stands at the mouth of the Strath of Kildonan and was funded by Dennis Macleod, a Scottish-Canadian mining millionaire who also attended the ceremony.
Canada.
An identical high bronze "Exiles" statue has also been set up on the banks of the Red River in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21490860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490860" title="Jacob Shibley">
Jacob Shibley

Jacob Shibley (October 31, 1778 – November 11, 1869) was a gentleman farmer and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Frontenac in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1834 to 1836 as a Reformer.
He was born in the Thirteen Colonies, the son of John Shibley, a loyalist who served with Jessup's Loyal Rangers. Shibley settled in Portland Township. Shibley married Catherine Daly. He served in the militia during the War of 1812 and was a justice of the peace for the Midland District.
His nephew Schuyler Shibley was a member of the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="21490863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490863" title="Tikhon of Kaluga">
Tikhon of Kaluga

Tikhon of Kaluga (died 16 June 1492) was a Russian abbot and saint. He grew up in Moscow and became a monk as a young man. He then moved to a forest near Medin in Kaluga, living in the hollow of an oak tree. It was on that spot that he founded (and became the first abbot of) a monastery, dedicated to the Dormition of the Mother of God (and then to Tikhon himself after his death).

</doc>
<doc id="21490867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490867" title="Essor-Préchotain">
Essor-Préchotain

Essor-Préchotain is a football club of Martinique, based in the northwestern town Le Prêcheur.
They play in the Martinique's first division, the Martinique Championnat National.
Current squad.
"2008/2009 season" 

</doc>
<doc id="21490868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490868" title="Female body shape">
Female body shape

Female body shape or female figure is the cumulative product of a woman's skeletal structure and the quantity and distribution of muscle and fat on the body. As with most physical traits, there is a wide range of normality of female body shapes.
Attention has been focused on the female body as a source of aesthetic pleasure, sexual attraction, fertility, and reproduction in most human societies. There are, and have been, wide differences in what should be considered an ideal or preferred body shape, both for attractiveness and for health reasons.
Women's bodies occur in a range of shapes. Female figures are typically narrower at the waist than at the bust and hips. The bust, waist, and hips are called inflection points, and the ratios of their circumferences are used to define basic body shapes.
Impact of estrogens.
Estrogens have a significant impact on a female's body shape. They are produced in both men and women, but their levels are significantly higher in women, especially in those of reproductive age. Besides other functions, estrogens promote the development of female secondary sexual characteristics, such as breasts and hips. As a result of estrogens, during puberty, girls develop breasts and their hips widen. However, the presence of testosterone in a pubescent female inhibits breast development and promotes muscle development; while estrogens act in the other direction.
Estrogen levels also rise significantly during pregnancy. A number of other changes typically occur during pregnancy, including enlargement and increased firmness of the breasts, mainly due to hypertrophy of the mammary gland in response to the hormone prolactin. The size of the nipples may increase noticeably. These changes may continue during breastfeeding. Breasts generally revert to approximately their previous size after pregnancy, although there may be some increased sagging.
Breasts can decrease in size at menopause if estrogen levels decline.
Fat distribution.
Estrogens can also affect the female body shape in a number of other ways, including increasing fat stores, accelerating metabolism, reducing muscle mass, and increasing bone formation.
Estrogens cause higher levels of fat to be stored in a female body than in a male body. They also affect body fat distribution, but generally not around their waists, which will remain about the same size as they were before puberty. The hormones produced by the thyroid gland regulate the rate of metabolism, controlling how quickly the body uses energy, and controls how sensitive the body should be to other hormones. Body fat distribution may change from time to time, depending on food habits, activity levels and hormone levels.
When women reach menopause and the estrogen produced by ovaries declines, fat migrates from their buttocks, hips and thighs to their waists;
Body fat percentage recommendations are higher for females, as this fat may serve as an energy reserve for pregnancy. Males have less subcutaneous fat in their faces due to the effects of testosterone; testosterone also reduces fat by aiding fast metabolism. The lack of estrogen in males generally results in more fat deposit around waists and abdomens (producing an "apple shape").
Muscles.
Testosterone is a steroid hormone which helps build and maintain muscles with physical activity, such as exercise. The amount of testosterone produced varies from one individual to another, but, on average, an adult female produces around one-tenth of the testosterone of an adult male, but females are more sensitive to the hormone. The muscles most likely to be affected are the pectoral muscles, biceps and the triceps in the arms and quadriceps in the thighs.
On the other hand, estrogens reduce muscle mass. Muscle mass changes over time as a result of changes in testosterone and estrogen levels and exercise, besides other factors.
Changes to body shape.
The aging process has an inevitable impact on a person's body shape. A woman's sex hormone levels will affect the fat distribution on her body. According to Dr. Devendra Singh, "Body shape is determined by the nature of body fat distribution that, in turn, is significantly correlated with women's sex hormone profile, risk for disease, and reproductive capability." Concentrations of estrogen will influence where body fat is stored.
Before puberty both males and females have a similar waist–hip ratio. At puberty, a girl's sex hormones, mainly estrogen, will promote breast development and a wider pelvis tilted forward for child bearing, and until menopause a woman's estrogen levels will cause her body to store excess fat in the buttocks, hips and thighs, but generally not around her waist, which will remain about the same size as it was before puberty. These factors result in women's waist–hip ratio (WHR) being lower than for males, although males tend to have a greater upper-body to waist-hip ratio (WHR) giving them a V shape look because of their greater muscle mass e.g. they generally have much larger, more muscular & broader shoulders, pectoral muscles, teres major muscles & latissimus dorsi muscles.
The breasts of girls and women in early stages of development commonly are "high" and rounded, dome- or cone-shaped, and protrude almost horizontally from a female's chest wall. Over time, the sag on breasts tends to increase due to their natural weight, the relaxation of support structures, and aging. Breasts sag if the ligaments become elongated, a natural process that can occur over time and is also influenced by the breast bouncing during physical activity (see Sports bra).
Measurements.
The circumferences of a woman's bust, waist, and hips, and their ratios, were widely used to define her basic shape in Western cultures for several decades after World War II, and are still used in some North American subcultures for this purpose. These are sometimes described as banana, pear, apple, or hourglass shapes, though other shortcut terms are also used. The measurements are generally described using three numbers to expressing a woman's dimensions.
The band measurement is usually measured around the women's torso, immediately below her breasts at the inframammary fold, parallel to the floor. The cup size is determined by measuring across the crest of the breast and calculating the difference between that measurement and the band measurement. The waist is measured at the midpoint between the lower margin of the last palpable rib and the top of the iliac crest. The hips are measured at the largest circumference of the hips and buttocks.
The waist is typically smaller than the bust and hips, unless there is a high proportion of body fat distributed around it. How much the bust or hips inflect inward, towards the waist, determines a woman's structural shape. The hourglass shape is present in only about 8% of women.
Female shapes.
Independent of fat percentage, weight or width, female body shapes are categorised in some Western cultures into one of four elementary geometric shapes,How female body shapes have changed over time.</ref> though there are very wide ranges of actual sizes within each shape:
A study of the shapes of over 6,000 women, carried out by researchers at the North Carolina State University circa 2005, found that 46% were banana (rectangular), just over 20% pear, just under 14% apple, and 8% hourglass. Another study has found "that the average woman's waistline had expanded by six inches since the 1950s" and that women in 2004 were taller and had bigger busts and hips than those of the 1950s.
"Dimensions".
A woman's "dimensions" are often expressed by the circumference around the three inflection points. For example, "36-29-38" in imperial units would mean a 36″ bust, 29″ waist and 38″ hips.
A woman's bust measure is a combination of her rib cage and breast size. For convenience, a woman's bra measurements are used. For example, though the measurements are not consistently applied, a woman with a bra size of 36B has a rib cage of 32 inches in circumference and a bust measure of 38 inches; a woman with a bra size 34C has a rib cage of 30 inches around, but a smaller bust measure of 37 inches. However, the woman with a 34C breast size will appear "bustier" because of the apparent difference in bust to ribcage ratio.
Height will also affect the appearance of the figure. A woman who is 36-24-36 at height will look different from a woman who is 36-24-36 at height. Since the taller woman's figure has greater distance between measuring points, she will likely appear thinner or less curvaceous than her shorter counterpart, again, even though they both have the same BWH ratio. This is because the taller woman is actually thinner as expressed by her lower BMI, or body mass index, used to measure body weight in relation to height.
The use of BWH measurements for anything other than garment fitting is thus misleading. BWH is an indicator of fat distribution, not fat percentage.
The British Association of Model Agents (AMA) says that female models should be around 34-24-34 (86-61-86 cm) and at least tall.
History and Fashion.
The thin hourglass figure, seen as the bodily ideal of today, has not always been the desired body shape. The ideal body type as envisioned by members of society has changed throughout history. Stone age venus figurines show the earliest body type preference: dramatic steatopygia. The emphasis on protruding belly, breasts, and buttocks is likely a result of both the aesthetic of being well fed and aesthetic of being fertile, traits that were more difficult to achieve at the time. In the sculpture from Classical Greece and Ancient Rome the female bodies are more tubular and regularly proportioned. There is essentially no emphasis given to any particular body part, not the breasts, buttocks, or belly. Part of this may be due simply to the fact that the artistic technique developed enough that naturalistic humans could be represented.
Moving forward there is more evidence that fashion somewhat dictated what people believed were the proper female body proportions. This is the case because the body is primarily seen through clothing, which always changes the way the underlying structures are conceived. The first representations of truly fashionable women appear in the 14th century. Between the 14th and 16th centuries in northern Europe, bulging bellies were again desirable, however the stature of the rest of the figure was generally thin. This is most easily visible in paintings of nudes from the time. When looking at clothed images, the belly is often visible through a mass of otherwise concealing, billowing, loose robes. Since the stomach was the only visible anatomical feature, it became exaggerated in nude depictions while the rest of the body remained minimal. In southern Europe, around the time of the renaissance, this was also true. Though the classical aesthetic was being revived and very closely studied, the art produced in the time period was influenced by both factors. This resulted in a beauty standard that reconciled the two aesthetics by using classically proportioned figures who had non-classical amounts of flesh and soft, padded skin.
In the nude paintings of the 17th century, such as those by Rubens, the naked women appear quite fat. Upon closer inspection however, most of the women have fairly normal statures, Rubens has simply painted their flesh with rolls and ripples that otherwise would not be there. This is likely a reflection of the female style of the day: a long, cylindrical, corseted gown with, rippling satin accents. Thus Rubens' women have a tubular body with rippling embellishments . While the corset continued to be fashionable into the 18th century, it shortened, became more conical, and consequently began to emphasize the waist. It also lifted and separated the breasts as opposed to the 17th century corsets which compressed and minimized the breasts. Consequently, depictions of nude women in the 18th century tend to have a very narrow waist and high, distinct breasts, almost as if they were wearing an invisible corset. La maja desnuda is a clear example of this aesthetic. The 19th century maintained the general figure of the 18th century. Examples can be seen in the works of many contemporary artists, both academic artists, such as Cabanel, Ingres, and Bouguereau, and impressionists, such as Degas, Renoir, and Toulouse-Lautrec. As the 20th century began, the rise of athletics resulted in a drastic slimming of the female figure. This culminated in the 1920s flapper look, which has informed modern fashion ever since .
The last 100 years envelop the time period in which that overall body type has been seen as attractive, though there have been small changes within the period as well. The 1920s was the time in which the overall silhouette of the ideal body slimmed down. There was dramatic flattening of the entire body resulting in a more youthful aesthetic. As the century progressed, the ideal size of both the breasts and buttocks increased. From the 1950s to 1960 that trend continued with the interesting twist of cone shaped breasts as result of the popularity of the bullet bra. In the 1960s, the invention of the miniskirt as well as the increased acceptability of pants for women, prompted the idealization of the long leg that has lasted until today. Following the invention of the push-up bra in the 1970s the ideal breast has been a rounded, fuller, and larger breast. In the past 20 years the average American bra size has increased from 34B to 34DD. Additionally, the ideal figure has favored an ever lower waist-hip ratio, especially with the advent and progression of digital editing software such as Adobe Photoshop.
Social and health issues.
Each society develops a general perception of what an ideal female body shape would be like. These ideals are generally reflected in the art and literature produced by or for a society, as well as in popular media such as films and magazines. The ideal or preferred female body size and shape has varied over time and continues to vary among cultures; but a preference for a small waist has remained fairly constant throughout history. A low waist-hip ratio has often been seen as a sign of good health and reproductive potential.
A low waist–hip ratio has also often been regarded as an indicator of attractiveness of a woman, but recent research suggests that attractiveness is more correlated to body mass index than waist–hip ratio, contrary to previous belief. Historically, according to Devendra Singh, there was a trend for slightly larger women in the 17th and 18th centuries, as typified by the paintings of Rubens, but that in general there has been a preference for a slimmer waist in Western culture. He notes that "The finding that the writers describe a small waist as beautiful suggests instead that this body part – a known marker of health and fertility – is a core feature of feminine beauty that transcends ethnic differences and cultures."
New research suggests that apple-shaped women have the highest risk of developing heart disease, while hourglass-shaped women have the lowest. Diabetes professionals advise that a waist measurement for a woman of over increases the risk of heart disease, but that ethnic background also plays a factor. This is because body fat buildup around the waist (the apple shape) poses a higher health risk than a fat buildup at the hips (the pear shape).
Waist–hip ratio.
Compared to males, females generally have relatively narrow waists and large buttocks, and this along with wide hips make for a wider hip section and a lower waist–hip ratio.
Research shows that a waist–hip ratio (WHR) for a female very strongly correlates to the perception of attractiveness. Women with a 0.7 WHR (waist circumference that is 70% of the hip circumference) are rated more attractive by men in various cultures. Such diverse beauty icons as Marilyn Monroe, Sophia Loren and the Venus de Milo all have ratios around 0.7. In other cultures, preferences vary, ranging from 0.6 in China, to 0.8 or 0.9 in parts of South America and Africa, and divergent preferences based on ethnicity, rather than nationality, have also been noted.
The WHR is also shown to have a very high correlation to female fertility, thereby unknowingly guiding men's evolutionary choices.
WHR has been found to be a more efficient predictor of mortality in older people than waist circumference or body mass index (BMI).
Bodies as identity.
Over the past several hundred years, there has been a shift towards viewing the body as part of one’s identity – not in a purely physical way, but as a means of deeper self-expression. David Gauntlett recognizes the importance of malleability in physical identity, stating, “the body is the outer expression of our self, to be improved and worked upon”. One of the more key factors in creating the desire for a particular body shape – most notably for females – is the media, which has promoted a number of so-called “ideal” body shapes. Fashionable figures are often unattainable for the majority of the population, and their popularity tends to be short-lived due to their arbitrary nature.
During the 1950s, the fashion model and celebrity were two separate entities, allowing the body image of the time to be shaped more by television and film rather than high fashion advertisements. While the fashion model of the 1950s, such as Jean Patchett and Dovima, were very thin, the ideal image of beauty was still a larger one. As the fashion houses in the early 50’s still catered to a specific, elite cliental, the image of the fashion model at that time was not as sought after or looked up to as was the image of the celebrity. While the models that graced the covers of Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar in the 1950s were in line with the thin ideal of the day, the most prominent female icon was Marilyn Monroe. Monroe, who was more curvaceous, fell on the opposite end of the feminine ideal spectrum in comparison to high fashion models. Regardless of their sizes, however, both fashion of the time and depictions of Monroe emphasize a smaller waist and fuller bottom half. The late 1950s, however, brought about the rise of ready-to-wear fashion, which implemented a standardized sizing system for all mass-produced clothing. While fashion houses, such as Dior and Chanel, remained true to their couture, tailor-made garments, the rise of these rapidly produced, standardized garments lead to a shift in location from Europe to America as the epicenter of fashion. Along with that shift came the standardization of sizes, in which garments weren’t made to fit the body anymore, but instead the body must be altered to fit the garment.
During the 1960s, the popularity of the model Twiggy meant that women favoured a thinner body, with long, slender limbs. This was a drastic change from the former decade’s ideal, which saw curvier icons, such as Marilyn Monroe, to be considered the epitome of beautiful. These shifts in what was seen to be the “fashionable body” at the time followed no logical pattern, and the changes occurred so quickly that one shape was never in vogue for more than a decade. As is the case with fashion itself in the post-modern world, the premise of the ever-evolving “ideal” shape relies on the fact that it will soon become obsolete, and thus must continue changing to prevent itself from becoming uninteresting.
An early example of the body used as an identity marker occurred in the Victorian era, when women wore corsets to help themselves attain the body they wished to possess. Having a tiny waist was a sign of social status, as the wealthier women could afford to dress more extravagantly and sport items such as corsets to increase their physical attractiveness. By the 1920s, the cultural ideal had changed significantly as a result of the suffrage movement, and “the fashion was for cropped hair, flat (bound) breasts and a slim androgynous shape”.
More recently, magazines have been criticized for promoting an unrealistic trend of thinness. David Gauntlett states that the media’s “repetitive celebration of a beauty ‘ideal’ which most women will not be able to match … will eat up readers’ time and money—and perhaps good health—if they try”. Additionally, the impact that this has on women and their self-esteem is often a very negative one, and resulted in the diet industry taking off in the 1960s – something that would not have occurred “had bodily appearance not been so closely associated with identity for women”.
The importance of, as Myra MacDonald asserts, “the body as a work zone” further perpetuates the link between fashion and identity, with the body being used as a means of creating a visible and unavoidable image for oneself. The tools with which to create the final copy of such a project range from the extreme—plastic surgery—to the more tame, such as diet and exercise, which virtually every Westernized woman has used to gain control over her shape.
Alteration of body shape.
A study at Brigham Young University using MRI technology suggested that women experience more anxiety about weight gain than do men, while aggregated research has been used to claim that images of thin women in popular media may induce psychological stress. A study of 52 older adults found that females may think more about their body shape and endorse thinner figures than men even into old age. Commentators note that people who have a low body image will try to alter their body in some way, such as by dieting, or undertaking cosmetic surgery.
Various strategies are sometimes employed to temporarily or permanently alter the shape of a body. The most common include dieting and exercise.
At times artificial devices are used or surgery is employed. Breast size can be artificially increased or decreased. Falsies, breast prostheses or padded bras may be used to increase the apparent size of a woman's breasts, while minimiser bras may be used to reduce the apparent size. Breasts can be surgically enlarged using breast implants or reduced by the systematic removal of parts of the breasts.
Historically, boned corsets have been used to reduce waist sizes. The corset reached its climax during the Victorian era. In twentieth century these corsets were mostly replaced with more flexible/comfortable foundation garments. Where corsets are used for waist reduction, it may be temporary reduction by occasional use or permanent reduction by people who are often referred to as tightlacers. Liposuction and liposculpture are common surgical methods for reducing the waist line.
Padded control briefs or hip and buttock padding may be used to increase the apparent size of hips and buttocks. Buttock augmentation surgery may be used to increase the size of hips and buttocks to make them look more rounded.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="21490875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490875" title="Moped Army">
Moped Army

The Moped Army is an organization of moped enthusiasts, centered around the organization's website which serves as a catalyst for the spread of moped culture and the organization of moped-related events throughout the US and Canada. Founded in 1997 as "the Decepticons" in Kalamazoo, Michigan by Daniel Kastner, Simon King, and Brennan Sang, and as of November 2011 the organization has grown to include twenty-two official branches across the US. The branches each have a unique name, often inspired by the city in which they are based, and are self-governing; implementing their own criteria regarding membership and activities. With the motto of "Swarm and Destroy", the Moped Army has been the subject of a graphic novel by Paul Sizer and a documentary called "Swarm and Destroy".
Moped to South America.
In 2006 two Moped Army members, Graham French and Zach Levenberg, traveled 13,000 miles from San Francisco, California to Ushuaia, Argentina on Puch Maxi mopeds. They later released a documentary and a book of their journey both called "Moped to South America", consisting of the pictures and video they shot along the way.
Rise Against music video.
Members of the Chicago branch of Moped Army, "Peddy Cash", are featured in the music video for the song "Re-Education (Through Labor)" by the American rock band Rise Against, which was released in September 2008. In the video they are seen riding their mopeds through a city, placing home-made bombs on government buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="21490880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490880" title="Academic specialization">
Academic specialization

In academia, specialization (or specialisation) may be a course of study or major at an academic institution or may refer to the field that a specialist practices in. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490890" title="Arne Næss">
Arne Næss

Arne Dekke Eide Næss (; 27 January 1912 – 12 January 2009) was a Norwegian philosopher who coined the term "Deep Ecology" and was an important intellectual and inspirational figure within the environmental movement of the late twentieth century.
Næss averred that while western environmental groups of the early post-war period had raised public awareness of the environmental issues of the time they had largely failed to have insight into and address what he argued were the underlying cultural and philosophical background to these problems. Naess believed that the environmental crisis of the twentieth century had arisen due to certain unspoken philosophical presuppositions and attitudes within modern western developed societies which remained unacknowledged. He thereby distinguished between what he called "deep" and "shallow" ecological thinking. In contrast to the prevailing utilitarian pragmatism of western businesses and governments he advocated that a true understanding of nature would give rise to a point of view that appreciates the value of biological diversity understanding that each living thing is dependent on the existence of other creatures in the complex web of interrelationships that is the natural world.
Næss cited Rachel Carson's 1962 book "Silent Spring" as being a key influence in his vision of deep ecology. Næss combined his ecological vision with Gandhian nonviolence and on several occasions participated in direct action.
Biography.
In 1939 Næss was the youngest person to be appointed full professor at the University of Oslo and the only professor of philosophy in the country at the time. He was a noted mountaineer, who in 1950 led the expedition that made the first ascent of Tirich Mir (7,708 m). The Tvergastein hut in the Hallingskarvet massif played an important role in Ecosophy T, as "T" is said to represent his mountain hut Tvergastein. In 1958, he founded the interdisciplinary journal of philosophy "".
In 1970, together with a large number of demonstrators, he chained himself to rocks in front of Mardalsfossen, a waterfall in a Norwegian fjord, and refused to descend until plans to build a dam were dropped. Though the demonstrators were carried away by police and the dam was eventually built, the demonstration launched a more activist phase of Norwegian environmentalism.
In 1996, he won the Swedish Academy Nordic Prize, known as the 'little Nobel'. In 2005 he was decorated as a Commander with Star of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav for socially useful work. Næss was a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Green Party in 2005
Philosophy.
Næss' "Erkenntnis und wissenschaftliches Verhalten" (1936) anticipated many themes familiar in post-war analytic philosophy. Næss' main philosophical work from the 1950s was entitled "Interpretation and Preciseness". This was an application of set theory to the problems of language interpretation, extending the work of semanticists such as Charles Kay Ogden in "The Meaning of Meaning". A simple way of explaining it is that any given utterance (word, phrase, or sentence) can be considered as having different potential interpretations, depending on prevailing language norms, the characteristics of particular persons or groups of users, and the language situation in which the utterance occurred. These differing interpretations are to be formulated in more precise language represented as subsets of the original utterance. Each subset can, in its turn, have further subsets (theoretically ad infinitum). The advantages of this conceptualisation of interpretation are various. It enables systematic demonstration of possible interpretation, making possible evaluation of which are the more and less "reasonable interpretations". It is a logical instrument for demonstrating language vagueness, undue generalisation, conflation, pseudo-agreement and effective communication.
Næss developed a simplified, practical textbook embodying these advantages, entitled "Communication and Argument", which became a valued introduction to this pragmatics or "language logic", and was used over many decades as a "sine qua non" for the preparatory examination at the University of Oslo, later known as "Examen Philosophicum" ("Exphil").
Recommendations for public debate.
"Communication and Argument" included his recommendations for objective public debate. Næss argued for adhering to the following rules to make discussions as fruitful and pleasant as possible:
For many years these points were part of two compulsory courses in philosophy taught in Norwegian universities ("Examen philosophicum" and "Examen facultatum").
Controversially, Næss has also suggested that the earth's human population should be reduced to about 100 million.
Ecosophy T.
Ecosophy T, as distinct from deep ecology, was originally the name of his personal philosophy. Others such as Warwick Fox have interpreted deep ecology as a commitment to ecosophy T, Næss's personal beliefs. The T referred to Tvergastein, a mountain hut where he wrote many of his books, and reflected Næss's view that everyone should develop his own philosophy.
Although a very rich and complex philosophy, Næss's ecosophy can be summed up as having Self-realization as its core. According to Næss, every being, whether human, animal or vegetable has an equal right to live and to blossom. Through this capitalized Self, Næss emphasizes, in distinction to realization of man’s narrow selves, the realization of our selves as part of an ecospheric whole. It is in this whole that our true ecological Self can be realized. Practically Self-realization for Næss means that, if one does not know how the outcomes of one's actions will affect other beings, one should not act, similar to the liberal harm principle.
Family.
Næss' father, Ragnar Naess, was a successful banker and Næss was the younger brother of shipowner Erling Dekke Næss. Næss himself was a married father of two and was the uncle of mountaineer and businessman Arne Næss Jr. (1937–2004), who was once married to Diana Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="21490902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490902" title="Howard Colquhoun">
Howard Colquhoun

Howard Colquhoun is a British chemist currently at the University of Reading. Following degrees at the Universities of Cambridge (St Catharine's College, MA) and London (Westfield College, PhD), Howard Colquhoun carried out research at the University of Warwick and then at the ICI Corporate Laboratory in Cheshire before moving to Manchester University in 1994 as a Royal Society Industry Fellow. He was appointed to the Chair of Materials Chemistry at the University of Reading in October 2000. Awards for his research include the RSC Medal and Prize for Materials Chemistry (2005), the Wilsmore Fellowship of the University of Melbourne (2007), the degree of Doctor of Science (ScD) of the University of Cambridge (2008), and the Macro Group UK Medal for contributions to polymer science (2012),

</doc>
<doc id="21490916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490916" title="Ron Armstrong">
Ron Armstrong

Ronald W Armstrong is a former New Zealand association football player who represented New Zealand.
Armstrong made his full All Whites debut in a 2-4 loss to New Caledonia on 18 July 1971 and he ended his international playing career with 25 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap being in a 1-0 win over Taiwan on 1 October 1983.
Armstrong is one of only two players to have appeared in eight Chatham Cup finals.
Armstrong's family is well represented in international football. His father Ken Armstrong was a dual international representing both England and New Zealand, his brother Brian Armstrong also represented New Zealand and daughter Bridgette Armstrong represented New Zealand at senior level and at the 2008 FIFA U-17 and FIFA U-20 Women's World Cups.
Ron Armstrong was only the second player to appear in 300 games in the New Zealand National Soccer League, a feat he achieved in 1988

</doc>
<doc id="21490919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490919" title="Deep ecology">
Deep ecology

Deep ecology is a contemporary ecological and environmental philosophy characterized by its advocacy of the inherent worth of living beings regardless of their instrumental utility to human needs, and advocacy for a radical restructuring of modern human societies in accordance with such ideas. Deep ecology argues that the natural world is a subtle balance of complex inter-relationships in which the existence of organisms is dependent on the existence of others within ecosystems. Human interference with or destruction of the natural world poses a threat therefore not only to humans but to all organisms constituting the natural order.
Deep ecology's core principle is the belief that the living environment as a whole should be respected and regarded as having certain inalienable legal rights to live and flourish, independent of their utilitarian instrumental benefits for human use. It describes itself as "deep" because it regards itself as looking more deeply into the actual reality of humanity's relationship with the natural world arriving at philosophically more profound conclusions than that of the prevailing view of ecology as a branch of biology. The movement does not subscribe to anthropocentric environmentalism (which is concerned with conservation of the environment only for exploitation by and for human purposes) since Deep ecology is grounded in a quite different set of philosophical assumptions. Deep ecology takes a more holistic view of the world human beings live in and seeks to apply to life the understanding that the separate parts of the ecosystem (including humans) function as a whole. This philosophy provides a foundation for the environmental, ecology and green movements and has fostered a new system of environmental ethics advocating wilderness preservation, human population control and simple living.
Principles.
Proponents of deep ecology believe that the world does not exist as a resource to be freely exploited by humans. The ethics of deep ecology hold that the survival of any part is dependent upon the well-being of the whole. Proponents of deep ecology offer an eight-tier platform to elucidate their claims:
These principles can be refined down into three simple propositions:
Development.
The phrase "deep ecology" was coined by the Norwegian philosopher Arne Næss in 1973. Næss rejected the idea that beings can be ranked according to their relative value. For example, judgments on whether an animal has an eternal soul, whether it uses reason or whether it has consciousness (or indeed higher consciousness) have all been used to justify the ranking of the human animal as superior to other animals. Næss states that from an ecological point of view "the right of all forms life to live is a universal right which cannot be quantified. No single species of living being has more of this particular right to live and unfold than any other species."
This metaphysical idea is elucidated in Warwick Fox's claim that humanity and all other beings are "aspects of a single unfolding reality". As such Deep Ecology would support the view of Aldo Leopold in his book "A Sand County Almanac" that humans are "plain members of the biotic community". They also would support Leopold's "Land Ethic": "a thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise." Daniel Quinn in "Ishmael" showed that an anthropocentric myth underlies our current view of the world.
Deep ecology offers a philosophical basis for environmental advocacy which may, in turn, guide human activity against perceived self-destruction. Deep ecology and environmentalism hold that the science of ecology shows that ecosystems can absorb only limited change by humans or other dissonant influences. Further, both hold that the actions of modern civilization threaten global ecological well-being. Ecologists have described change and stability in ecological systems in various ways, including homeostasis, dynamic equilibrium, and "flux of nature". Regardless of which model is most accurate, environmentalists contend that massive human economic activity has pushed the biosphere far from its "natural" state through reduction of biodiversity, climate change, and other influences. As a consequence, civilization is causing mass extinction, at a rate of between 100 species a day, or possibly 140,000 species per year, a rate that is 10,000 times the background rate of extinction. Deep ecologists hope to influence social and political change through their philosophy. Næss has proposed, as Nicholas Goodrick-Clarke writes, "that the earth’s human population should be reduced to about 100 million."
Scientific.
Næss and Fox do not claim to use logic or induction to derive the philosophy directly from scientific ecology but rather hold that scientific ecology directly implies the metaphysics of deep ecology, including its ideas about the self and further, that deep ecology finds scientific underpinnings in the fields of ecology and system dynamics.
In their 1985 book "Deep Ecology", Bill Devall and George Sessions describe a series of sources of deep ecology. They include the science of ecology itself, and cite its major contribution as the rediscovery in a modern context that "everything is connected to everything else." They point out that some ecologists and natural historians, in addition to their scientific viewpoint, have developed a deep ecological consciousness—for some a political consciousness and at times a spiritual consciousness. This is a perspective beyond the strictly human viewpoint, beyond anthropocentrism. Among the scientists they mention specifically are Rachel Carson, Aldo Leopold, John Livingston, Paul R. Ehrlich and Barry Commoner, together with Frank Fraser Darling, Charles Sutherland Elton, Eugene Odum and Paul Sears.
A further scientific source for deep ecology adduced by Devall and Sessions is the "new physics", which they describe as shattering Descartes's and Newton's vision of the universe as a machine explainable in terms of simple linear cause and effect. They propose that Nature is in a state of constant flux and reject the idea of observers as existing independent of their environment. They refer to Fritjof Capra's "The Tao of Physics" and "The Turning Point" for their characterisation of how the new physics leads to metaphysical and ecological views of interrelatedness, which, according to Capra, should make deep ecology a framework for future human societies. Devall and Sessions also credit the American poet and social critic Gary Snyder—with his devotion to Buddhism, Native American studies, the outdoors, and alternative social movements—as a major voice of wisdom in the evolution of their ideas.
The Gaia hypothesis was also an influence on the development of deep ecology.
Spiritual.
The central spiritual tenet of deep ecology is that the human species is a part of the Earth, not separate from it, and as such human existence is dependent on the diverse organisms within the natural world each playing a role in the natural economy of the biosphere. Coming to an awareness of this reality involves a transformation of an outlook that presupposes humanity's superiority over the natural world. This self-realisation or "re-earthing" is used for an individual to intuitively gain an ecocentric perspective. The notion is based on the idea that the more we "expand the self" to identify with "others" (people, animals, ecosystems), the more we realize ourselves. Transpersonal psychology has been used by Warwick Fox to support this idea. Deep ecology has influenced the development of contemporary Ecospirituality. 
A number of spiritual and philosophical traditions including Native American, Buddhist and Jain are drawn upon in a continuing critique of the philosophical assumptions of the modern European mind which has enabled and led to what is seen as an increasingly unsustainable level of disregard to towards the rights and needs of the natural world and its ability to continue to support human life. In relation to the Judeo-Christian tradition, Næss offers the following criticism: "The arrogance of stewardship found in the Bible consists in the idea of superiority which underlies the thought that we exist to watch over nature like a highly respected middleman between the Creator and Creation." This theme had been expounded in Lynn Townsend White, Jr.'s 1967 article "The Historical Roots of Our Ecological Crisis", in which however he also offered as an alternative Christian view of man's relation to nature that of Saint Francis of Assisi, who he says spoke for the equality of all creatures, in place of the idea of man's domination over creation. Næss' further criticizes the reformation's view of creation as property to be put into maximum productive use: a view used frequently in the past to exploit and dispossess native populations. Many Protestant sects today regard the Bible's call for man to have stewardship of the earth as a call for the care for creation, rather than for exploitation.
The original Christian teachings on property support the Franciscan/stewardship interpretation of the Bible. Against this view, Martin Luther condemned church ownership of lands because "they did not want to use that property in an economically productive fashion. At best they used it to produce prayers. Luther, and other Reformation leaders insisted that it should be used, not to relieve men from the necessity of working, but as a tool for making more goods. The attitude of the Reformation was practically, "not prayers, but production." And production, not for consumption, but for more production." This justification was offered to support secular takings of church endowments and properties.
Philosophical roots.
Spinoza.
Arne Næss, who first wrote about the idea of deep ecology, from the early days of developing this outlook conceived Spinoza as a philosophical source.
Others have followed Naess' inquiry, including Eccy de Jonge, in "Spinoza and Deep Ecology: Challenging Traditional Approaches to Environmentalism", and Brenden MacDonald, in "Spinoza, Deep Ecology, and Human Diversity—Realization of Eco-Literacies"
One of the topical centres of inquiry connecting Spinoza to Deep Ecology is "self-realization." See Arne Naess in "The Shallow and the Deep, Long-Range Ecology movement" and "Spinoza and the Deep Ecology Movement" for discussion on the role of Spinoza's conception of self-realization and its link to deep ecology.
Movement.
In practice, deep ecologists support decentralization, and identifying politically with ecoregions (see bioregionalism); the breakdown of industrialism in its current form; and an end to authoritarianism.
Deep ecology is not normally considered a distinct movement, but as part of the green movement. The deep ecological movement could be defined as those within the green movement who hold deep ecological views. Deep ecologists welcome the labels "Gaian" and "Green" (including the broader political implications of this term, e.g. commitment to peace). Deep ecology has had a broad general influence on the green movement by providing an independent ethical platform for Green parties, political ecologists and environmentalists.
The philosophy of deep ecology helped differentiate the modern ecology movement by pointing out the anthropocentric bias of the term "environment", and rejecting the idea of humans as authoritarian guardians of the environment.
Criticism and debate.
Knowledge of non-human interests.
Animal rights activists state that for an entity to require rights and protection intrinsically, it must have interests. Deep ecology is criticised for assuming that living things such as plants, for example, have their own interests as they are manifested by the plant's behavior—for instance, self-preservation being considered an expression of a will to live. Deep ecologists claim to "identify" with non-human nature, and in doing so, deny those who claim that non-human (or non-sentient) lifeforms' needs or interests are nonexistent or unknowable. The criticism is that the interests that a deep ecologist attributes to non-human organisms such as survival, reproduction, growth, and prosperity are really human interests. This is sometimes construed as a pathetic fallacy or anthropomorphism, in which "the earth is endowed with 'wisdom', wilderness equates with 'freedom', and life forms are said to emit 'moral' qualities."
"Deepness".
Deep ecology is criticised for its claim to being "deeper" than alternative theories, which by implication are "shallow". When Arne Næss coined the term "deep ecology", he compared it favourably with "shallow environmentalism" which he criticized for its utilitarian and anthropocentric attitude to nature and for its materialist and consumer-oriented outlook. Against this is Arne Næss's own view that the "depth" of deep ecology resides in the persistence of its penetrative questioning, particularly in asking "Why?" when faced with initial answers.
Writer William D. Grey believes that developing a non-anthropocentric set of values is "a hopeless quest". He seeks an improved "shallow" view, writing, "What's wrong with shallow views is not their concern about the well-being of humans, but that they do not really consider enough in what that well-being consists. We need to develop an enriched, fortified anthropocentric notion of human interest to replace the dominant short-term, sectional and self-regarding conception."
Bookchin's criticisms.
Some critics, particularly social ecologist Murray Bookchin, have interpreted deep ecology as being hateful toward humanity, due in part to the characterization of humanity by some deep ecologists, such as David Foreman of Earth First!, as a pathological infestation on the Earth. Bookchin
therefore asserts that "deep ecology, formulated largely by privileged male white academics, has managed to bring sincere naturalists like Paul Shepard into the same company as patently antihumanist and macho mountain men like David Foreman who preach a gospel that humanity is some kind of cancer in the world of life." Bookchin mentions that some, like Foreman, defend seemingly anti-human measures, such as severe population control and the claim regarding the Third World that "the best thing would be to just let nature seek its own balance, to let the people there just starve" However, Bookchin himself later admitted that "statements made by Earth First! activists are not to be confused with those made by deep ecology theorists." Ecophilosopher Warwick Fox similarly "warns critics not to commit the fallacy of 'misplaced misanthropy.' That is, just because deep ecology criticizes an arrogant anthropocentrism does "not" mean that deep ecology is misanthropic." Likewise, "The Deep Ecology Movement: An Introductory Anthology" attempts to clarify that "deep ecologists have been the strongest critics of anthropocentrism, so much so that they have often been accused of a mean-spirited misanthropy"; however, "deep ecology is actually vitally concerned with humans realizing their best potential" and "is explicit in offering a vision of an alternative way of living that is joyous and enlivening."
Murray Bookchin's second major criticism is that deep ecology fails to link environmental crises with authoritarianism and hierarchy. Social ecologists like him believe that environmental problems are firmly rooted in the manner of human social interaction, and suggest that deep ecologists fail to recognise the potential for human beings to solve environmental issues through a change of cultural attitudes. According to Bookchin, it is a social reconstruction alone that "can spare the biosphere from virtual destruction." Bookchin's statement has proved to be too sweeping. Though some deep ecologists may reject the argument that ecological behavior is rooted in the social paradigm (which, according to their view, would be an anthropocentric fallacy), others in fact embrace this argument, such as the adherents to the deep ecologist movement Deep Green Resistance.
Botkin's criticism.
Daniel Botkin has likened deep ecology to its antithesis, the wise use movement, when he says that they both "misunderstand scientific information and then arrive at conclusions based on their misunderstanding, which are in turn used as justification for their ideologies. Both begin with an ideology and are political and social in focus." Elsewhere, though, he asserts that deep ecology must be taken seriously in the debate about the relationship between humans and nature because it challenges the fundamental assumptions of Western philosophy. Botkin has also criticized Næss's restatement and reliance upon the balance of nature idea and the perceived contradiction between his argument that all species are morally equal and his disparaging description of pioneering species.
Ecofeminist response.
Both ecofeminism and deep ecology put forward a new conceptualization of the self. Some ecofeminists, such as Marti Kheel, argue that self-realization and identification with all nature places too much emphasis on the whole, at the expense of the independent being. Similarly, some ecofeminists place more emphasis on the problem of androcentrism rather than anthropocentrism. To others, like Karen J. Warren, the domination of women is tethered conceptually and historically to the domination of nature. Ecofeminism denies abstract individualism and embraces the interconnectedness of the living world; relationships, including our relationship with non-human nature, are not extrinsic to our identity and are essential in defining what it means to be human. Warren argues that hierarchical classifications in general, such as racism or speciesism, are all forms of discrimination and are no different from sexism. Thus, anthropocentrism is simply another form of discrimination as a result of our flawed value structure and should be abolished.
Links with other philosophies.
Parallels have been drawn between deep ecology and other philosophies, in particular those of the animal rights movement, Earth First!, Deep Green Resistance, and anarcho-primitivism.
Peter Singer's 1975 book "Animal Liberation" critiqued anthropocentrism and put the case for animals to be given moral consideration. This can be seen as a part of a process of expanding the prevailing system of ethics to wider groupings. However, Singer has disagreed with deep ecology's belief in the intrinsic value of nature separate from questions of suffering, taking a more utilitarian stance. The feminist and civil rights movements also brought about expansion of the ethical system for their particular domains. Likewise deep ecology brought the whole of nature under moral consideration. The links with animal rights are perhaps the strongest, as "proponents of such ideas argue that 'All life has intrinsic value'".
Many in the radical environmental direct-action movement Earth First! claim to follow deep ecology, as indicated by one of their slogans "No compromise in defence of mother earth". In particular, David Foreman, the co-founder of the movement, has also been a strong advocate for deep ecology, and engaged in a public debate with Murray Bookchin on the subject. Judi Bari was another prominent Earth Firster who espoused deep ecology. Many Earth First! actions have a distinct deep ecological theme; often these actions will be to save an area of old growth forest, the habitat of a snail or an owl, even individual trees. Actions are often symbolic or have other political aims. At one point Arne Næss also engaged in environmental direct action, though not under the Earth First! banner, when he chained himself to rocks in front of Mardalsfossen, a waterfall in a Norwegian fjord, in a successful protest against the building of a dam.
There are also anarchist currents in the movement, especially in the United Kingdom. For example Robert Hart, pioneer of forest gardening in temperate climates, wrote the essay "Can Life Survive?" in "Deep Ecology & Anarchism".
Robert Greenway and Theodore Roszak have employed the deep ecology platform as a means to argue for ecopsychology. Although ecopsychology is a highly differentiated umbrella that encompasses many practices and perspectives, its ethos is generally consistent with deep ecology. As this now almost forty-year old "field" expands and continues to be reinterpreted by a variety of practitioners, social and natural scientists, and humanists, "ecopsychology" may change to include these novel perspectives.
Bibliography.
Further reading.
Griffin, Susan. Woman and Nature.Harper Collins 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21490923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490923" title="Bernard Prendergast">
Bernard Prendergast

Bernard Leopold Sandow Prendergast (born December 25, 1911, date of death unknown) was a Jamaican athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kingston, Jamaica.
In 1936 he participated in the discus throw event but did not qualify for the final. His exact result is unknown.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the discus throw competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21490936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490936" title="Dramanon">
Dramanon

Dramanon (short for Dramatist Anonymous) is an English language theatre group that operates out of three cities in India: Manipal, Bangalore and Hyderabad. The three chapters of Dramanon are well integrated and enjoy a strong collaborative bond apart from a common origin. Till date, Dramanon has staged 30 productions & 150+ shows across the country. 
Established in 1991 by Dr. Sripathi Rao, currently the Dean of Kasturba Medical College, Manipal, Dramanon was founded to address the need for a common platform where the diverse student body of Manipal meets to commune, express and share. 
Through varied pursuits - play reading, acting workshops, script writing workshops and performances, Dramanon grew organically into its founding vision - an informal, unofficial theatre group that brought the students and faculty members of MAHE (Manipal Academy of Higher Education, now known as Manipal University), together in a creative endeavor. 
Re-energized in 2000 by R.K. Shenoy, Professor of Architecture currently working for antz as Design director, from Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT), Dramanon Manipal grew in number and strength from there on into a vibrant, young theatre group that stages two productions every year to packed houses. With every passing year, it has been steadily grooming actors, directors, stage managers and designers. 
In 2006, the student alumni of Dramanon, Manipal, helped Dramanon spread its wings by establishing chapters in Bangalore and Hyderabad. 
Dramanon Hyderabad has found a unique voice in Hyderabad’s English theatre circles. Collaborating with other prominent English theatre groups, It has played a pivotal role in creating an audience for English theatre in Hyderabad. Some of their recent plays include "Fools, The Good Doctor, Doubles and Pizzazz,6 & Can't Pay, Won't Pay". "6" is Dramanon's first original play and it comprises six short stories. Dramanon also performed in the prestigious Samahaara Hyderabad Theatre Festival 2009 and Samahaara Hyderabad Theatre and Short Film Festival 2010 with the plays Neil Simon's The Good Doctor and Dario Fo's Can't Pay, Won't Pay respectively.
Dramanon was touted by "India Today" as one of the emerging young English theatre troupes in India. On March 27, 2010, Dramanon celebrated its 10th anniversary by staging "COMIKAZE", a theater festival at Manipal.

</doc>
<doc id="21490944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490944" title="Ian Borchard">
Ian Borchard

Ian Alfred Borchard (born 5 August 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s. He also played for West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Playing Career.
VFL.
Borchard, originally from Swan Hill in Victoria, spent three seasons at Richmond. In the last of those years, 1978, Borchard was cleared to play for South Fremantle in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) midway through the season, but only lasted one week before he returned to Richmond on June 29.
SANFL.
He joined West Adelaide in 1979 and the following season won the first of his two Best & Fairest awards, the other coming in 1982. From 1981 to 1985, Borchard captained West Adelaide, with the highlight being the 1983 premiership where he won the Jack Oatey Medal as the player of the match in the Grand Final win over Sturt at Football Park in front of 47,129 fans.
After the premiership win in 1983, Borchard began to be plagued by injury, only playing in 14 games in 1984, 17 in 1985 when West reached the preliminary final. In 1986, Bloods coach John Cahill replaced Borchard as club captain with Mark Mickan, with injury restricting him to just 3 games for the year. Following the 1986 season, Borchard retired from league football.
Coaching.
In late 2000 Ian Borchard was appointed coach of West Adelaide. He coached the Bloods to fifth place and the SANFL finals in both 2001 and 2002. After laying the groundwork for a good side, Borchard was replaced as coach of West Adelaide from the 2003 season by former Adelaide Crows and West Adelaide player Shaun Rehn, who in his first season coached the Bloods to their first SANFL Grand Final appearance since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21490945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490945" title="Taizhou University">
Taizhou University

Taizhou College (TZU; is a comprehensive public university based in Taizhou city, Zhejiang province, China.
History.
Taizhou University was established in Linhai, Taizhou prefecture, Zhejiang province in 1907 and has undergone several organizational restructuring.
Location.
The university has three campuses. The main campus is in Linhai and has a floor space of 230,000 square meters. A secondary, smaller campus is also in Linhai, next to the famous Linhai Old Street and across from the Great Wall. The third campus is in the Jiaojiang District, another region of Taizhou County, and covers an area of more than 800,000 square meters.
Administration.
Schools and Departments.
There are 12 departments or colleges at university which are: 

</doc>
<doc id="21490952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490952" title="5th Overseas Interarms Regiment">
5th Overseas Interarms Regiment

The 5th Overseas Interarm Regiment (in French 5eme Regiment Interarmes d'Outre Mer (or RIOM)) is a troupes de marine regiment stationed in Djibouti. It has been the Djibouti garrison since 1 November 1969.
It is the last combined arms regiment in the French army comprising a mechanised infantry company, a light cavalry squadron, an artillery battery and a
command and support company.
Organisation.
Based at Quartier Brière de l'Isle. The Regiment is made up of:
Since 1 August 2008, the Aviation Battalion Light Djibouti (MNAAvBn) equipped with Puma and Gazelle helicopters has been attached to the 5th RIAOM.

</doc>
<doc id="21490957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490957" title="Thomas Aquinas">
Thomas Aquinas

Thomas Aquinas, OP (; 1225 – 7 March 1274), also Thomas of Aquin or Aquino, was an Italian Dominican friar and priest and an immensely influential philosopher and theologian in the tradition of scholasticism, within which he is also known as the ""Doctor Angelicus"", ""Doctor Communis"", and ""Doctor Universalis"". "Aquinas" is from the county of Aquino, an area his family held land in until 1137. He was born in Roccasecca, Italy.
He was the foremost classical proponent of natural theology, and the father of Thomism. His influence on Western thought is considerable, and much of modern philosophy was conceived in development or opposition of his ideas, particularly in the areas of ethics, natural law, metaphysics, and political theory. Unlike many currents in the Church of the time, Thomas embraced several ideas put forward by Aristotle — whom he referred to as "the Philosopher" — and attempted to synthethise Aristotelian philosophy with the principles of Christianity. The works for which he is best known are the "Summa Theologica" and the "Summa contra Gentiles". His commentaries on Sacred Scripture and on Aristotle are an important part of his body of work. Furthermore, Thomas is distinguished for his eucharistic hymns, which form a part of the Church's liturgy.
Thomas is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church and is held to be the model teacher for those studying for the priesthood, and indeed the highest expression of both natural reason and speculative theology. In modern times, under papal directives, the study of his works was long used as a core of the required program of study for those seeking ordination as priests or deacons, as well as for those in religious formation and for other students of the sacred disciplines (Catholic philosophy, theology, history, liturgy, and canon law).
Also honored as a Doctor of the Church, Thomas is considered the Church's greatest theologian and philosopher. Pope Benedict XV declared: "This (Dominican) Order ... acquired new luster when the Church declared the teaching of Thomas to be her own and that Doctor, honored with the special praises of the Pontiffs, the master and patron of Catholic schools."
Biography.
Early life (1225–1244).
Thomas was born in Roccasecca, in the Aquino county of the Kingdom of Sicily (present-day Lazio region, Italy), "c."1225. According to some authors, he was born in the castle of his father, Landulf of Aquino. Thomas's father did not belong to the most powerful branch of the family and simply held the title "miles", while Thomas's mother, Theodora, belonged to the Rossi branch of the Neapolitan Caracciolo family. Landulf's brother Sinibald was abbot of the first Benedictine monastery at Monte Cassino. While the rest of the family's sons pursued military careers, the family intended for Thomas to follow his uncle into the abbacy; this would have been a normal career path for a younger son of southern Italian nobility.
At the age of five Thomas began his early education at Monte Cassino but after the military conflict between the Emperor Frederick II and Pope Gregory IX spilled into the abbey in early 1239, Landulf and Theodora had Thomas enrolled at the "studium generale" (university) recently established by Frederick in Naples. It was here that Thomas was probably introduced to Aristotle, Averroes and Maimonides, all of whom would influence his theological philosophy. It was also during his study at Naples that Thomas came under the influence of John of St. Julian, a Dominican preacher in Naples, who was part of the active effort by the Dominican order to recruit devout followers. There his teacher in arithmetic, geometry, astronomy, and music was Petrus de Ibernia.
At the age of nineteen Thomas resolved to join the recently founded Dominican Order. Thomas's change of heart did not please his family. In an attempt to prevent Theodora's interference in Thomas's choice, the Dominicans arranged to move Thomas to Rome, and from Rome, to Paris. However, while on his journey to Rome, per Theodora's instructions, his brothers seized him as he was drinking from a spring and took him back to his parents at the castle of Monte San Giovanni Campano.
Thomas was held prisoner for about one year in the family castles at Monte San Giovanni and Roccasecca in an attempt to prevent him from assuming the Dominican habit and to push him into renouncing his new aspiration. Political concerns prevented the Pope from ordering Thomas's release, which had the effect of extending Thomas's detention. Thomas passed this time of trial tutoring his sisters and communicating with members of the Dominican Order. Family members became desperate to dissuade Thomas, who remained determined to join the Dominicans. At one point, two of his brothers resorted to the measure of hiring a prostitute to seduce him. According to legend Thomas drove her away wielding a fire iron. That night two angels appeared to him as he slept and strengthened his determination to remain celibate.
By 1244, seeing that all of her attempts to dissuade Thomas had failed, Theodora sought to save the family's dignity, arranging for Thomas to escape at night through his window. In her mind, a secret escape from detention was less damaging than an open surrender to the Dominicans. Thomas was sent first to Naples and then to Rome to meet Johannes von Wildeshausen, the Master General of the Dominican Order.
Paris, Cologne, Albert Magnus, and first Paris regency (1245–1259).
In 1245 Thomas was sent to study at the Faculty of the Arts at the University of Paris, where he most likely met Dominican scholar Albertus Magnus, then the Chair of Theology at the College of St. James in Paris. When Albertus was sent by his superiors to teach at the new "studium generale" at Cologne in 1248, Thomas followed him, declining Pope Innocent IV's offer to appoint him abbot of Monte Cassino as a Dominican. Albertus then appointed the reluctant Thomas "magister studentium". Because Thomas was quiet and didn't speak much, some of his fellow students thought he was slow. But Albertus prophetically exclaimed: "You call him the dumb ox, but in his teaching he will one day produce such a bellowing that it will be heard throughout the world."
Thomas taught in Cologne as an apprentice professor ("baccalaureus biblicus"), instructing students on the books of the Old Testament and writing "Expositio super Isaiam ad litteram" ("Literal Commentary on Isaiah"), "Postilla super Ieremiam" ("Commentary on Jeremiah") and "Postilla super Threnos" ("Commentary on Lamentations"). Then in 1252 he returned to Paris to study for the master's degree in theology. He lectured on the Bible as an apprentice professor, and upon becoming a "baccalaureus Sententiarum" (bachelor of the "Sentences") devoted his final three years of study to commenting on Peter Lombard's "Sentences". In the first of his four theological syntheses, Thomas composed a massive commentary on the "Sentences" entitled "Scriptum super libros Sententiarium" ("Commentary on the Sentences"). Aside from his masters writings, he wrote "De ente et essentia" ("On Being and Essence") for his fellow Dominicans in Paris.
In the spring of 1256 Thomas was appointed regent master in theology at Paris and one of his first works upon assuming this office was "Contra impugnantes Dei cultum et religionem" ("Against Those Who Assail the Worship of God and Religion"), defending the mendicant orders, which had come under attack by William of Saint-Amour. During his tenure from 1256 to 1259, Thomas wrote numerous works, including: "Questiones disputatae de veritate" ("Disputed Questions on Truth"), a collection of twenty-nine disputed questions on aspects of faith and the human condition prepared for the public university debates he presided over on Lent and Advent; "Quaestiones quodlibetales" ("Quodlibetal Questions"), a collection of his responses to questions posed to him by the academic audience; and both "Expositio super librum Boethii De trinitate" ("Commentary on Boethius's De trinitate") and "Expositio super librum Boethii De hebdomadibus" ("Commentary on Boethius's De hebdomadibus"), commentaries on the works of 6th-century Roman philosopher Boethius. By the end of his regency, Thomas was working on one of his most famous works, "Summa contra Gentiles".
Naples, Orvieto, Rome (1259–1268).
In 1259 Thomas completed his first regency at the "studium generale" and left Paris so that others in his order could gain this teaching experience. He returned to Naples where he was appointed as general preacher by the provincial chapter of 29 September 1260. In September 1261 he was called to Orvieto as conventual lector responsible for the pastoral formation of the friars unable to attend a "studium generale". In Orvieto Thomas completed his "Summa contra Gentiles", wrote the "Catena aurea", ("The Golden Chain"), and produced works for Pope Urban IV such as the liturgy for the newly created feast of Corpus Christi and the "Contra errores graecorum" ("Against the Errors of the Greeks").
In February 1265 the newly elected Pope Clement IV summoned Aquinas to Rome to serve as papal theologian. This same year he was ordered by the Dominican Chapter of Agnani to teach at the "studium" "conventuale" at the Roman convent of Santa Sabina, founded some years before, in 1222. The "studium" at Santa Sabina now became an experiment for the Dominicans, the Order's first "studium provinciale", an intermediate school between the "studium conventuale" and the "studium generale". "Prior to this time the Roman Province had offered no specialized education of any sort, no arts, no philosophy; only simple convent schools, with their basic courses in theology for resident friars, were functioning in Tuscany and the meridionale during the first several decades of the order's life. But the new "studium" at Santa Sabina was to be a school for the province," a "studium provinciale". Tolomeo da Lucca, an associate and early biographer of Aquinas, tells us that at the Santa Sabina "studium" Aquinas taught the full range of philosophical subjects, both moral and natural.
While at the Santa Sabina "studium provinciale" Thomas began his most famous work the "Summa theologiae", which he conceived of specifically as suited to beginning students: "Because a doctor of catholic truth ought not only to teach the proficient, but to him pertains also to instruct beginners. as the Apostle says in 1 Corinthians 3: 1-2, "as to infants in Christ, I gave you milk to drink, not meat", our proposed intention in this work is to convey those things that pertain to the Christian religion, in a way that is fitting to the instruction of beginners." While there he also wrote a variety of other works like his unfinished "Compendium Theologiae" and "Responsio ad fr. Ioannem Vercellensem de articulis 108 sumptis ex opere Petri de Tarentasia" ("Reply to Brother John of Vercelli Regarding 108 Articles Drawn from the Work of Peter of Tarentaise"). In his position as head of the "studium" Aquinas conducted a series of important disputations on the power of God, which he compiled into his "De potentia". Nicholas Brunacci [1240-1322] was among Aquinas's students at the Santa Sabina "studium provinciale" and later at the Paris "studium generale". In November 1268 he was with Aquinas and his associate and secretary Reginald of Piperno, as they left Viterbo on their way to Paris to begin the academic year. Another student of Aquinas's at the Santa Sabina "studium provinciale" was Blessed Tommasello da Perugia.
Aquinas remained at the "studium" at Santa Sabina from 1265 until he was called back to Paris in 1268 for a second teaching regency. With his departure for Paris in 1268 and the passage of time the pedagogical activities of the "studium provinciale" at Santa Sabina were divided between two campuses. A new convent of the Order at the Church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva had a modest beginning in 1255 as a community for women converts, but grew rapidly in size and importance after being given over to the Dominicans friars in 1275. In 1288 the theology component of the provincial curriculum for the education of the friars was relocated from the Santa Sabina "studium provinciale" to the "studium conventuale" at Santa Maria sopra Minerva, which was redesignated as a "studium particularis theologiae". This "studium" was transformed in the 16th century into the College of Saint Thomas (). In the 20th century the college was relocated to the convent of Saints Dominic and Sixtus and was transformed into the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum".
The quarrelsome second Paris regency (1269–1272).
In 1268 the Dominican Order assigned Thomas to be regent master at the University of Paris for a second time, a position he held until the spring of 1272. Part of the reason for this sudden reassignment appears to have arisen from the rise of "Averroism" or "radical Aristotelianism" in the universities. In response to these perceived evils, Thomas wrote two works, one of them being "De unitate intellectus, contra Averroistas" ("On the Unity of Intellect, against the Averroists") in which he blasts Averroism as incompatible with Christian doctrine. During his second regency, he finished the second part of the "Summa" and wrote "De virtutibus" and "De aeternitate mundi", the latter of which dealt with controversial Averroist and Aristotelian "beginninglessness" of the world.
Disputes with some important Franciscans such as Bonaventure and John Peckham conspired to make his second regency much more difficult and troubled than the first. A year before Thomas re-assumed the regency at the 1266–67 Paris disputations, Franciscan master William of Baglione accused Thomas of encouraging Averroists, calling him the "blind leader of the blind". Thomas called these individuals the "murmurantes" ("Grumblers"). In reality, Thomas was deeply disturbed by the spread of Averroism and was angered when he discovered Siger of Brabant teaching Averroistic interpretations of Aristotle to Parisian students.
On 10 December 1270, the bishop of Paris, Etienne Tempier, issued an edict condemning thirteen Aristotlelian and Averroistic propositions as heretical and excommunicating anyone who continued to support them. Many in the ecclesiastical community, the so-called Augustinians, were fearful that this introduction of Aristotelianism and the more extreme Averroism might somehow contaminate the purity of the Christian faith. In what appears to be an attempt to counteract the growing fear of Aristotelian thought, Thomas conducted a series of disputations between 1270 and 1272: "De virtutibus in communi" ("On Virtues in General"), "De virtutibus cardinalibus" ("On Cardinal Virtues"), "De spe" ("On Hope").
Final days and “straw” (1272–1274).
In 1272 Thomas took leave from the University of Paris when the Dominicans from his home province called upon him to establish a "studium generale" wherever he liked and staff it as he pleased. He chose to establish the institution in Naples, and moved there to take his post as regent master. He took his time at Naples to work on the third part of the "Summa" while giving lectures on various religious topics. On 6 December 1273 at the Dominican convent of Naples in the Chapel of Saint Nicholas after Matins Thomas lingered and was seen by the sacristan Domenic of Caserta to be levitating in prayer with tears before an icon of the crucified Christ. Christ said to Thomas, "You have written well of me, Thomas. What reward would you have for your labor?" Thomas responded, "Nothing but you, Lord."
In 1054 the Great Schism took place between the Latin church following the Pope (later known as the Roman Catholic Church) in the West, and the other four patriarchates in the East (known as the Orthodox Church). Looking to find a way to reunite the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Roman Catholic Church, Pope Gregory X convened the Second Council of Lyon to be held on 1 May 1274 and summoned Thomas to attend. At the meeting, Thomas's work for Pope Urban IV concerning the Greeks, "Contra errores graecorum", was to be presented. On his way to the Council, riding on a donkey along the Appian Way, he struck his head on the branch of a fallen tree and became seriously ill again. He was then quickly escorted to Monte Cassino to convalesce. After resting for a while, he set out again, but stopped at the Cistercian Fossanova Abbey after again falling ill. The monks nursed him for several days, and as he received his last rites he prayed: "I receive Thee, ransom of my soul. For love of Thee have I studied and kept vigil, toiled, preached and taught..." He died on 7 March 1274 while giving commentary on the Song of Songs.
Claims of levitation.
For centuries, there have been recurring claims that Thomas had the ability to levitate. For example, G. K. Chesterton wrote that, "His experiences included well-attested cases of levitation in ecstasy; and the Blessed Virgin appeared to him, comforting him with the welcome news that he would never be a Bishop."
Condemnation of 1277.
In 1277 Étienne Tempier, the same bishop of Paris who had issued the condemnation of 1270, issued another more extensive condemnation. One aim of this condemnation was to clarify that God's absolute power transcended any principles of logic that Aristotle or Averroes might place on it. More specifically, it contained a list of 219 propositions that the bishop had determined to violate the omnipotence of God, and included in this list were twenty Thomistic propositions. Their inclusion badly damaged Thomas's reputation for many years.
In the "Divine Comedy", Dante sees the glorified soul of Thomas in the Heaven of the Sun with the other great exemplars of religious wisdom. Dante asserts that Thomas died by poisoning, on the order of Charles of Anjou; Villani (ix. 218) cites this belief, and the "Anonimo Fiorentino" describes the crime and its motive. But the historian Ludovico Antonio Muratori reproduces the account made by one of Thomas's friends, and this version of the story gives no hint of foul play.
Thomas's theology had begun its rise to prestige. Two centuries later, in 1567, Pope Pius V proclaimed St. Thomas Aquinas a Doctor of the Church and ranked his feast with those of the four great Latin fathers: Ambrose, Augustine of Hippo, Jerome and Gregory. However, in the same period the Council of Trent still turned to Duns Scotus before Thomas as a source of arguments in defence of the Church. Even though Duns Scotus was more consulted at the Council of Trent, Thomas had the honor of having his "Summa theologiae" placed on the altar alongside the Bible and the Decretals.
In his encyclical of 4 August 1879, Pope Leo XIII stated that Thomas's theology was a definitive exposition of Catholic doctrine. Thus, he directed the clergy to take the teachings of Thomas as the basis of their theological positions. Leo XIII also decreed that all Catholic seminaries and universities must teach Thomas's doctrines, and where Thomas did not speak on a topic, the teachers were "urged to teach conclusions that were reconcilable with his thinking." In 1880, Saint Thomas Aquinas was declared patron of all Catholic educational establishments.
Canonization.
When the devil's advocate at his canonization process objected that there were no miracles, one of the cardinals answered, ""Tot miraculis, quot articulis""—"there are as many miracles (in his life) as articles (in his "Summa")," viz., thousands. Fifty years after the death of Thomas, on 18 July 1323, Pope John XXII, seated in Avignon, pronounced Thomas a saint.
In a monastery at Naples, near the cathedral of St. Januarius, a cell in which he supposedly lived is still shown to visitors. His remains were placed in the Church of the Jacobins in Toulouse on 28 January 1369. Between 1789 and 1974, they were held in the Basilique de Saint-Sernin, Toulouse. In 1974, they were returned to the Church of the Jacobins, where they have remained ever since.
When he was canonized, his feast day was inserted in the General Roman Calendar for celebration on 7 March, the day of his death. Since this date commonly falls within Lent, the 1969 revision of the calendar moved his memorial to 28 January, the date of the translation of his relics to Toulouse.
Thomas is honored with a feast day in the liturgical year of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America on 28 January.
Philosophy.
Thomas was a theologian and a Scholastic philosopher. However, he never considered himself a philosopher, and criticized philosophers, whom he saw as pagans, for always "falling short of the true and proper wisdom to be found in Christian revelation." With this in mind, Thomas did have respect for Aristotle, so much so that in the "Summa", he often cites Aristotle simply as "the Philosopher." Much of his work bears upon philosophical topics, and in this sense may be characterized as philosophical. Thomas's philosophical thought has exerted enormous influence on subsequent Christian theology, especially that of the Catholic Church, extending to Western philosophy in general. Thomas stands as a vehicle and modifier of Aristotelianism and Neoplatonism.
Commentaries on Aristotle.
Thomas wrote several important commentaries on Aristotle's works, including "On the Soul", "Nicomachean Ethics" and "Metaphysics". His work is associated with William of Moerbeke's translations of Aristotle from Greek into Latin.
Epistemology.
Thomas believed "that for the knowledge of any truth whatsoever man needs divine help, that the intellect may be moved by God to its act." However, he believed that human beings have the natural capacity to know many things without special divine revelation, even though such revelation occurs from time to time, "especially in regard to such (truths) as pertain to faith." But this is the light that is given to man by God according to man's nature: "Now every form bestowed on created things by God has power for a determined act, which it can bring about in proportion to its own proper endowment; and beyond which it is powerless, except by a superadded form, as water can only heat when heated by the fire. And thus the human understanding has a form, viz. intelligible light, which of itself is sufficient for knowing certain intelligible things, viz. those we can come to know through the senses."
Ethics.
Thomas's ethics are based on the concept of "first principles of action." In his "Summa theologiae", he wrote:
Aquinas emphasized that "Synderesis is said to be the law of our mind, because it is a habit containing the precepts of the natural law, which are the first principles of human actions."
According to Aquinas “…all acts of virtue are prescribed by the natural law: since each one’s reason naturally dictates to him to act virtuously. But if we speak of virtuous acts, considered in themselves, i.e., in their proper species, thus not all virtuous acts are prescribed by the natural law: for many things are done virtuously, to which nature does not incline at first; but which, through the inquiry of reason, have been found by men to be conductive to well living.” Therefore, we must determine if we are speaking of virtuous acts as under the aspect of virtuous or as an act in its species.
Thomas defined the four cardinal virtues as prudence, temperance, justice, and fortitude. The cardinal virtues are natural and revealed in nature, and they are binding on everyone. There are, however, three theological virtues: faith, hope, and charity. These are somewhat supernatural and are distinct from other virtues in their object, namely, God:
Thomas Aquinas wrote "Greed is a sin against God, just as all mortal sins, in as much as man condemns things eternal for the sake of temporal things.".
Furthermore, Thomas distinguished four kinds of law: eternal, natural, human, and divine. "Eternal law" is the decree of God that governs all creation. It is, "That Law which is the Supreme Reason cannot be understood to be otherwise than unchangeable and eternal." "Natural law" is the human "participation" in the "eternal law" and is discovered by reason. "Natural law" is based on "first principles":
Whether the natural law contains several precepts, or one only is explained by Aquinas,” All the inclinations of any parts whatsoever of human nature, e.g., of the concupiscible and irascible parts, in so far as they are ruled by reason, belong to the natural law, and are reduced to one first precept, as stated above: so that the precepts of the natural law are many in themselves, but are based on one common foundation."
The desires to live and to procreate are counted by Thomas among those basic (natural) human values on which all human values are based. According to Thomas, all human tendencies are geared towards real human goods. In this case, the human nature in question is marriage, the total gift of oneself to another that ensures a family for children and a future for mankind. To clarify for Christian believers, Thomas defined love as "to will the good of another."
Concerning the Human Law, Aquinas concludes, "...that just as, in the speculative reason, from naturally known indemonstrable principles, we draw the conclusions of the various sciences, the knowledge of which is not imparted to us by nature, but acquired by the efforts of reason, so too it is from the precepts of the natural law, as from general and indemonstrable principles, that the human reason needs to proceed to the more particular determination of certain matters. These particular determinations, devised by human reason, are called human laws, provided the other essential conditions of law be observed..."
Human law is positive law: the natural law applied by governments to societies.
Natural and human law is not adequate alone. The need for human behavior to be directed made it necessary to have Divine law. Divine law is the specially revealed law in the scriptures. Aquinas quotes, "The Apostle says (Hebrews 7.12): The priesthood being translated, it is necessary that a translation also be made of the law. But the priesthood is twofold, as stated in the same passage, viz, the levitical priesthood, and the priesthood of Christ. Therefore the Divine law is twofold, namely, the Old Law and the New Law." 
Thomas also greatly influenced Catholic understandings of mortal and venial sins.
Thomas Aquinas, refers to animals as dumb and that the natural order has declared animals for mans use. Thomas denied that human beings have any duty of charity to animals because they are not persons. Otherwise, it would be unlawful to use them for food. But this does not give humans the license to be cruel to them, for "cruel habits might carry over into our treatment of human beings." 
Thomas contributed to economic thought as an aspect of ethics and justice. He dealt with the concept of a just price, normally its market price or a regulated price sufficient to cover seller costs of production. He argued it was immoral for sellers to raise their prices simply because buyers were in pressing need for a product.
Psychology.
Aquinas maintains that a human is a single material substance. He understands the soul as the form of the body, which makes a human being the composite of the two. Thus, only living, form-matter composites can truly be called human; dead bodies are “human” only analogously. One actually existing substance comes from body and soul. A human is a single material substance, but still should be understood as having an immaterial soul, which continues after bodily death.
Ultimately, humans are animals; the animal genus is body; body is material substance. When embodied, a human person is an “individual substance in the category rational animal.” The body belongs to the essence of a human being. In his "Summa theologiae" Aquinas clearly states his position on the nature of the soul; defining it as “the first principle of life.” The soul is not corporeal, or a body; it is the act of a body. Because the intellect is incorporeal, it does not use the bodily organs, as “the operation of anything follows the mode of its being.”
The human soul is perfected in the body, but does not depend on the body, because part of its nature is spiritual. In this way, the soul differs from other forms, which are only found in matter, and thus depend on matter. The soul, as form of the body, does not depend on matter in this way.
The soul is not matter, not even incorporeal or spiritual matter. If it were, it would not be able to understand universals, which are immaterial. A receiver receives things according to the receiver’s own nature, so in order for soul (receiver) to understand (receive) universals, it must have the same nature as universals. Yet, any substance that understands universals may not be a matter-form composite. So, humans have rational souls, which are abstract forms independent of the body. But a human being is one existing, single material substance that comes from body and soul: that is what Thomas means when he writes that “something one in nature can be formed from an intellectual substance and a body,” and “a thing one in nature does not result from two permanent entities unless one has the character of substantial form and the other of matter.”
The soul is a "substantial form"; it is a part of a substance, but it is not a substance by itself. Nevertheless, the soul exists separately from the body, and continues, after death, in many of the capacities we think of as human. Substantial form is what makes a thing a member of the species to which it belongs, and substantial form is also the structure or configuration that provides the object with the abilities that make the object what it is. For humans, those abilities are those of the rational animal.
These distinctions can be better understood in the light of Aquinas’s understanding of matter and form, a hylomorphic ("matter/form") theory derived from Aristotle. In any given substance, matter and form are necessarily united, and each is a necessary aspect of that substance. However, they are conceptually separable. Matter represents what is changeable about the substance – what is potentially something else. For example, bronze matter is potentially a statue, or also potentially a cymbal. Matter must be understood as the matter "of" something. In contrast, form is what determines some particular chunk of matter to be a specific substance and no other. When Aquinas says that the human body is only partly composed of matter, he means the material body is only potentially a human being. The soul is what actualizes that potential into an existing human being. Consequently, the fact that a human body is live human tissue entails that a human soul is wholly present in each part of the human.
Theology.
Thomas viewed theology, or the "sacred doctrine", as a science, the raw material data of which consists of written scripture and the tradition of the Catholic Church. These sources of data were produced by the self-revelation of God to individuals and groups of people throughout history. Faith and reason, while distinct but related, are the two primary tools for processing the data of theology. Thomas believed both were necessary — or, rather, that the "confluence" of both was necessary — for one to obtain true knowledge of God. Thomas blended Greek philosophy and Christian doctrine by suggesting that rational thinking and the study of nature, like revelation, were valid ways to understand truths pertaining to God. According to Thomas, God reveals himself through nature, so to study nature is to study God. The ultimate goals of theology, in Thomas's mind, are to use reason to grasp the truth about God and to experience salvation through that truth.
Revelation.
Thomas believed that truth is known through reason (natural revelation) and faith (supernatural revelation). "Supernatural" revelation has its origin in the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and is made available through the teaching of the prophets, summed up in Holy Scripture, and transmitted by the Magisterium, the sum of which is called "Tradition". "Natural" revelation is the truth available to all people through their human nature and powers of reason. For example, he felt this applied to rational ways to know the existence of God.
Though one may deduce the existence of God and his Attributes (Unity, Truth, Goodness, Power, Knowledge) through reason, certain specifics may be known only through the special revelation of God in Jesus Christ. The major theological components of Christianity, such as the Trinity and the Incarnation, are revealed in the teachings of the Church and the Scriptures and may not otherwise be deduced.
Faith and reason complement rather than contradict each other, each giving different views of the same Truth.
Creation.
As a Catholic Thomas believed that God is the "maker of heaven and earth, of all that is visible and invisible." Like Aristotle, Thomas posited that life could form from non-living material or plant life, a theory of ongoing abiogenesis known as spontaneous generation:
Additionally Thomas considered Empedocles's theory that various mutated species emerged at the dawn of Creation. Thomas reasoned that these species were generated through mutations in animal sperm, and argued that they were not unintended by nature; rather, such species were simply not intended for perpetual existence. That discussion is found in his commentary on "Aristotle's Physics":
Just war.
Augustine of Hippo agreed strongly with the conventional wisdom of his time, that Christians should be pacifists philosophically, but that they should use defense as a means of preserving peace in the long run. For example, he routinely argued that pacifism did not prevent the defence of innocents. In essence, the pursuit of peace might require fighting to preserve it in the long-term. Such a war must not be preemptive, but defensive, to restore peace.
Thomas Aquinas, centuries later, used the authority of Augustine's arguments in an attempt to define the conditions under which a war could be just. He laid these out in his historic work, Summa Theologica:
The School of Salamanca.
The School of Salamanca expanded Aquinas's understanding of natural law and just war. Given that war is one of the worst evils suffered by mankind, the adherents of the School reasoned that it ought to be resorted to only when it was necessary to prevent an even "greater" evil. A diplomatic agreement is preferable, even for the more powerful party, before a war is started. Examples of "just war" are:
A war is not legitimate or illegitimate simply based on its original motivation: it must comply with a series of additional requirements:
Under this doctrine, expansionist wars, wars of pillage, wars to convert infidels or pagans, and wars for glory are all inherently unjust.
Nature of God.
Thomas believed that the existence of God is self-evident in itself, but not to us. "Therefore I say that this proposition, "God exists," of itself is self-evident, for the predicate is the same as the subject... Now because we do not know the essence of God, the proposition is not self-evident to us; but needs to be demonstrated by things that are more known to us, though less known in their nature — namely, by effects."
Thomas believed that the existence of God can be demonstrated. Briefly in the "Summa theologiae" and more extensively in the "Summa contra Gentiles", he considered in great detail five arguments for the existence of God, widely known as the "quinque viae" (Five Ways).
Concerning the nature of God, Thomas felt the best approach, commonly called the "via negativa", is to consider what God is not. This led him to propose five statements about the divine qualities:
Following St. Augustine of Hippo, Thomas defines sin as "a word, deed, or desire, contrary to the eternal law." It is important to note the analogous nature of law in Thomas's legal philosophy. Natural law is an instance or instantiation of eternal law. Because natural law is that which human beings determine according to their own nature (as rational beings), disobeying reason is disobeying natural law and eternal law. Thus eternal law is logically prior to reception of either "natural law" (that determined by reason) or "divine law" (that found in the Old and New Testaments). In other words, God's will extends to both reason and revelation. Sin is abrogating either one's own reason, on the one hand, or revelation on the other, and is synonymous with "evil" (privation of good, or "privatio boni"). Thomas, like all Scholastics, generally argued that the findings of reason and data of revelation cannot conflict, so both are a guide to God's will for human beings.
Nature of the Trinity.
Thomas argued that God, while perfectly united, also is perfectly described by Three Interrelated Persons. These three persons (Father, Son, and Holy Spirit) are constituted by their relations within the essence of God. Thomas wrote that the term "Trinity" "does not mean the relations themselves of the Persons, but rather the number of persons related to each other; and hence it is that the word in itself does not express regard to another." The Father generates the Son (or the Word) by the relation of self-awareness. This eternal generation then produces an eternal Spirit "who enjoys the divine nature as the Love of God, the Love of the Father for the Word."
This Trinity exists independently from the world. It transcends the created world, but the Trinity also decided to give grace to human beings. This takes place through the Incarnation of the Word in the person of Jesus Christ and through the indwelling of the Holy Spirit within those who have experienced salvation by God; according to Aidan Nichols.
Prima causa – first cause.
Thomas's five proofs for the existence of God take some of Aristotle's assertions concerning principles of being. For God as prima causa (first cause) comes from Aristotle's concept of the unmoved mover and asserts that God is the ultimate cause of all things.
Nature of Jesus Christ.
In the "Summa Theologica" Thomas begins his discussion of Jesus Christ by recounting the biblical story of Adam and Eve and by describing the negative effects of original sin. The purpose of Christ's Incarnation was to restore human nature by removing "the contamination of sin," which humans cannot do by themselves. "Divine Wisdom judged it fitting that God should become man, so that thus one and the same person would be able both to restore man and to offer satisfaction." Thomas argued in favor of the satisfaction view of atonement; that is, that Jesus Christ died "to satisfy for the whole human race, which was sentenced to die on account of sin."
Thomas argued against several specific contemporary and historical theologians who held differing views about Christ. In response to Photinus, Thomas stated that Jesus was truly divine and not simply a human being. Against Nestorius, who suggested that Son of God was merely conjoined to the man Christ, Thomas argued that the fullness of God was an integral part of Christ's existence. However, countering Apollinaris' views, Thomas held that Christ had a truly human (rational) soul, as well. This produced a duality of natures in Christ. Thomas argued against Eutyches that this duality persisted after the Incarnation. Thomas stated that these two natures existed simultaneously yet distinguishably in one real human body, unlike the teachings of Manichaeus and Valentinus.
In short "Christ had a "real body" of the same nature of ours, a "true rational soul", and, together with these, "perfect Deity"." Thus, there is both unity (in his one "hypostasis") and composition (in his two natures, human and Divine) in Christ.
Echoing Athanasius of Alexandria, he said that "The only begotten Son of God...assumed our nature, so that he, made man, might make men gods."
Goal of human life.
Thomas identified the goal of human existence as union and eternal fellowship with God. This goal is achieved through the beatific vision, in which a person experiences perfect, unending happiness by seeing the essence of God. The vision occurs after death as a gift from God to those who in life experienced salvation and redemption through Christ.
The goal of union with God has implications for the individual's life on earth. Thomas stated that an individual's will must be ordered toward right things, such as charity, peace, and holiness. He saw this orientation as also the way to happiness. Indeed, Thomas ordered his treatment of the moral life around the idea of happiness. The relationship between will and goal is antecedent in nature "because rectitude of the will consists in being duly ordered to the last end is, the beatific vision." Those who truly seek to understand and see God will necessarily love what God loves. Such love requires morality and bears fruit in everyday human choices.
Treatment of heretics.
Thomas Aquinas belonged to the Dominican Order (formally "Ordo Praedicatorum", the Order of Preachers) who began as an order dedicated to the conversion of the Albigensians and other heterodox factions, at first by peaceful means; later the Albigensians were dealt with by means of the Albigensian Crusade. In the "Summa theologiae", he wrote: With regard to heretics two points must be observed: one, on their own side; the other, on the side of the Church. On their own side there is the sin, whereby they deserve not only to be separated from the Church by excommunication, but also to be severed from the world by death. For it is a much graver matter to corrupt the faith that quickens the soul, than to forge money, which supports temporal life. Wherefore if forgers of money and other evil-doers are forthwith condemned to death by the secular authority, much more reason is there for heretics, as soon as they are convicted of heresy, to be not only excommunicated but even put to death.
On the part of the Church, however, there is mercy, which looks to the conversion of the wanderer, wherefore she condemns not at once, but "after the first and second admonition," as the Apostle directs: after that, if he is yet stubborn, the Church no longer hoping for his conversion, looks to the salvation of others, by excommunicating him and separating him from the Church, and furthermore delivers him to the secular tribunal to be exterminated thereby from the world by death.("Summa", II–II, Q.11, art.3.)
Heresy was a capital offense against the secular law of most European countries of the 13th century, which had a limited prison capacity. Kings and emperors, even those at war with the papacy, listed heresy first among the crimes against the state. Kings claimed power from God according to the Christian faith. Often enough, especially in that age of papal claims to universal worldly power, the rulers power was tangibly and visibly legitimated directly through coronation by the pope. Heresy directly undercut kingly power.
Simple theft, forgery, fraud, and other such crimes were also capital offenses; Thomas's point seems to be that the gravity of this offense, which touches not only the material goods but also the spiritual goods of others, is at least the same as forgery. Thomas's suggestion specifically demands that heretics be handed to a "secular tribunal" rather than magisterial authority. That Thomas specifically says that heretics "deserve... death" is related to his theology, according to which all sinners have no intrinsic right to life ("For the wages of sin is death; but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord"). Nevertheless, his point is clear: heretics should be executed by the state. He elaborates on his opinion regarding heresy in the next article, when he says:In God's tribunal, those who return are always received, because God is a searcher of hearts, and knows those who return in sincerity. But the Church cannot imitate God in this, for she presumes that those who relapse after being once received, are not sincere in their return; hence she does not debar them from the way of salvation, but neither does she protect them from the sentence of death. ("Summa", op. cit., art.4.)
The afterlife and resurrection.
A grasp of Aquinas' psychology is essential for understanding his beliefs around the afterlife and resurrection. Thomas, following Church doctrine, accepts that the soul continues to exist after the death of the body. Because he accepts that the soul is the form of the body, then he also must believe that the human being, like all material things, is form-matter composite. Substantial form (the human soul) configures prime matter (the physical body) and is the form by which a material composite belongs to that species it does; in the case of human beings, that species is rational animal. So, a human being is a matter-form composite that is organized to be a rational animal. Matter cannot exist without being configured by form, but form can exist without matter—which allows for the separation of soul from body. Aquinas says that the soul shares in the material and spiritual worlds, and so has some features of matter and other, immaterial, features (such as access to universals). The human soul is different from other material and spiritual things; it is created by God, but also only comes into existence in the material body.
Human beings are material, but the human person can survive the death of the body through continued existence of the soul, which persists. The human soul straddles the spiritual and material worlds, and is both a configured subsistent form as well as a configurer of matter into that of a living, bodily human. Because it is spiritual, the human soul does not depend on matter and may exist separately. Because the human being is a soul-matter composite, the body has a part in what it is to be human. Perfected human nature consists in the human dual nature, embodied and intellecting.
Resurrection appears to require dualism, which Thomas rejects. Yet, Aquinas believes the soul persists after the death and corruption of the body, and is capable of existence, separated from the body between the time of death and the resurrection. Aquinas believes in a different sort of dualism, one guided by Christian scripture. Aquinas knows that human beings are essentially physical, but that that physicality has a spirit capable of returning to God after life. For Aquinas, the rewards and punishment of the afterlife are not "only" spiritual. Because of this, resurrection is an important part of his philosophy on the soul. The human is fulfilled and complete in the body, so the hereafter must take place with souls enmattered in resurrected bodies. In addition to spiritual reward, humans can expect to enjoy material and physical blessings. Because Aquinas’s soul requires a body for its actions, during the afterlife, the soul will also be punished or rewarded in corporeal existence.
Aquinas states clearly his stance on resurrection, and uses it to back up his philosophy of justice; that is, the promise of resurrection compensates Christians who suffered in this world through a heavenly union with the divine. He says, “If there is no resurrection of the dead, it follows that there is no good for human beings other than in this life.” Resurrection provides the impetus for people on earth to give up pleasures in this life. Thomas believes the human who has prepared for the afterlife both morally and intellectually will be rewarded more greatly; however, all reward is through the grace of God. Aquinas insists beatitude will be conferred according to merit, and will render the person better able to conceive the divine. Aquinas accordingly believes punishment is directly related to earthly, living preparation and activity as well. Aquinas’s account of the soul focuses on epistemology and metaphysics, and because of this he believes it gives a clear account of the immaterial nature of the soul. Aquinas conservatively guards Christian doctrine, and thus maintains physical and spiritual reward and punishment after death. By accepting the essentiality of both body and soul, he allows for a heaven and hell described in scripture and church dogma.
Modern influence.
Many modern ethicists both within and outside the Catholic Church (notably Philippa Foot and Alasdair MacIntyre) have recently commented on the possible use of Thomas's virtue ethics as a way of avoiding utilitarianism or Kantian "sense of duty" (called deontology). Through the work of twentieth-century philosophers such as Elizabeth Anscombe (especially in her book "Intention"), Thomas's principle of double effect specifically and his theory of intentional activity generally have been influential.
In recent years the cognitive neuroscientist Walter Freeman proposes that Thomism is the philosophical system explaining cognition that is most compatible with neurodynamics, in a 2008 article in the journal "Mind and Matter" entitled "Nonlinear Brain Dynamics and Intention According to Aquinas."
Thomas's aesthetic theories, especially the concept of "claritas", deeply influenced the literary practice of modernist writer James Joyce, who used to extol Thomas as being second only to Aristotle among Western philosophers. Joyce refers to Aquinas's doctrines in "Elementa philosophiae ad mentem D. Thomae Aquinatis doctoris angelici" (1898) of Girolamo Maria Mancini, professor of theology at the Collegium Divi Thomae de Urbe. For example, Mancini's "Elementa" is referred to in Joyce's early masterpiece "Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man".
The influence of Thomas's aesthetics also can be found in the works of the Italian semiotician Umberto Eco, who wrote an essay on aesthetic ideas in Thomas (published in 1956 and republished in 1988 in a revised edition).
Criticism by Russell.
Bertrand Russell criticized Aquinas's philosophy on the ground that
He does not, like the Platonic Socrates, set out to follow wherever the argument may lead. He is not engaged in an inquiry, the result of which it is impossible to know in advance. Before he begins to philosophize, he already knows the truth; it is declared in the Catholic faith. If he can find apparently rational arguments for some parts of the faith, so much the better; if he cannot, he need only fall back on revelation. The finding of arguments for a conclusion given in advance is not philosophy, but special pleading. I cannot, therefore, feel that he deserves to be put on a level with the best philosophers either of Greece or of modern times.
This critique is illustrated on the following examples: According to Russell, Aquinas advocates the indissolubility of marriage "on the ground that the father is useful in the education of the children, (a) because he is more rational than the mother, (b) because, being stronger, he is better able to inflict physical punishment." Even though modern approaches to education do not support these views, "no follower of Saint Thomas would, on that account, cease to believe in lifelong monogamy, because the real grounds of belief are not those which are alleged." It may be countered that the treatment of matrimony in the "Summa Theologica" is in the Supplements volume, which was not written by Aquinas. Moreover, as noted above, Aquinas's introduction of arguments and concepts from the pagan Aristotle and Muslim Averroes was not uncontroversial within the Catholic church.
Aquinas's views of God as first cause, cf. quinque viae, "depend upon the supposed impossibility of a series having no first term. Every mathematician knows that there is no such impossibility; the series of negative integers ending with minus one is an instance to the contrary."
Moreover, according to Russell, statements regarding God's essence and existence that are reached within the Aristotelian logic are based on "some kind of syntactical confusion, without which much of the argumentation about God would lose its plausibility."

</doc>
<doc id="21490958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490958" title="Ruthie on the Telephone">
Ruthie on the Telephone

Ruthie on the Telephone is an American comedy television series that was broadcast on the CBS network from August 7 to November 5, 1949. It is perhaps most notable for the fact that each episode was only five minutes long, yet it was shown during a prime-time television slot. 
Synopsis.
The series features a young lady, Ruthie (Ruth Gilbert), trying to convince a man, Richard (Phillip Reed) to love her via a telephone call. The series used a split-screen technique to depict the telephone conversation. 

</doc>
<doc id="21490963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490963" title="Chester A. Arthur">
Chester A. Arthur

Chester Alan Arthur (October 5, 1829 – November 18, 1886) was the 21st President of the United States (1881–85); he succeeded James Garfield upon the latter's assassination. At the outset, Arthur struggled to overcome his reputation, stemming from his beginnings in politics as a politician from the New York City Republican political machine. He succeeded by embracing the cause of civil service reform. His advocacy for, and subsequent enforcement of, the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act was the centerpiece of his administration.
Arthur was born in Fairfield, Vermont, but he grew up in upstate New York and practiced law in New York City. He served as quartermaster general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Following the Civil War, he devoted more time to Republican politics and quickly rose in the political machine run by New York Senator Roscoe Conkling. Appointed by President Ulysses S. Grant to the lucrative and politically powerful post of Collector of the Port of New York in 1871, Arthur was an important supporter of Conkling and the Stalwart faction of the Republican Party. In 1878 the new president, Rutherford B. Hayes, fired Arthur as part of a plan to reform the federal patronage system in New York. When James Garfield won the Republican nomination for president in 1880, Arthur, an eastern Stalwart, was nominated for vice president to balance the ticket.
After just half a year as vice president, Arthur found himself in the executive mansion due to the assassination of his predecessor. To the surprise of reformers, Arthur took up the cause of reform, though it had once led to his expulsion from office. He signed the Pendleton Act into law and strongly enforced its provisions. He gained praise for his veto of a Rivers and Harbors Act that would have appropriated federal funds in a manner he thought excessive. He presided over the rebirth of the United States Navy but was criticized for failing to alleviate the federal budget surplus that had been accumulating since the end of the Civil War.
Suffering from poor health, Arthur made only a limited effort to secure renomination in 1884; he retired at the close of his term. Journalist Alexander McClure later wrote, "No man ever entered the Presidency so profoundly and widely distrusted as Chester Alan Arthur, and no one ever retired ... more generally respected, alike by political friend and foe." Although his failing health and political temperament combined to make his administration less active than a modern presidency, he earned praise among contemporaries for his solid performance in office. The "New York World" summed up Arthur's presidency at his death in 1886: "No duty was neglected in his administration, and no adventurous project alarmed the nation." Mark Twain wrote of him, "t would be hard indeed to better President Arthur's administration."
Early life.
Birth and family.
Chester Alan Arthur was born October 5, 1829, in Fairfield, Vermont. His father, William Arthur, was born just outside the village of Cullybackey, County Antrim, Ireland. William Arthur emigrated to Dunham, Lower Canada, (in present-day Quebec) in 1818 or 1819, after graduating from Belfast College. Arthur's mother, Malvina Stone, was born in Vermont, the daughter of George Washington Stone and Judith Stevens. Malvina's family was primarily of English descent, and her grandfather, Uriah Stone, fought in the Continental Army during the American Revolution. Arthur's mother met his father while William Arthur was teaching at a school in Dunham, just over the border from her native Vermont. The two married in Dunham on April 12, 1821, soon after meeting. After their first child, Regina, was born, the Arthurs moved to Vermont. They quickly moved from Burlington, to Jericho, and finally to Waterville, as William received positions teaching at different schools. William Arthur also spent a brief time working to join the legal profession. While still in Waterville, William departed from his legal studies, as well as his Presbyterian upbringing, to join the Free Will Baptists, spending the rest of his life as a minister in that sect. William became an outspoken abolitionist, which often made him unpopular with members of his congregations and contributed to the family's frequent moves. In 1828, the family moved again, to Fairfield, where Chester Alan Arthur was born the following year; he was the fifth of nine children. He was named "Chester" after Chester Abell, the physician and family friend who assisted in his birth, and "Alan" for his paternal grandfather. The family remained in Fairfield until 1832, when William's profession took them on the road again, to several towns in Vermont and upstate New York. The family finally settled in the Schenectady, New York, area.
The family's frequent moves later spawned accusations that Chester Arthur was not a native-born citizen of the United States. When Arthur was nominated for Vice President in 1880, a New York attorney and political opponent, Arthur P. Hinman, initially speculated that Arthur was born in Ireland and did not come to the United States until he was fourteen years old. Had that been true, Arthur would have been constitutionally ineligible for the Vice Presidency under the United States Constitution's natural-born citizen clause. When Hinman's original story did not take root, he spread a new rumor that Arthur was born in Canada. This claim, too, failed to gain credence.
Education.
Arthur spent some of his childhood years living in the towns of Perry and Greenwich, New York. One of his first teachers said Arthur was a boy "frank and open in manners and genial in disposition." During his time at school, he gained his first political inclinations and supported the Whig Party. He joined other young Whigs in support of Henry Clay, even participating in a brawl against students who supported James K. Polk. Arthur also supported the Fenian Brotherhood, an Irish republican organization founded in America; he showed this support by wearing a green coat. Arthur enrolled at Union College, in Schenectady, New York, in 1845, where he studied the traditional classical curriculum. In 1848, Arthur was 18 years old and a senior at Union College. As a senior, he was president of the debate society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. During his winter breaks, Arthur served as a teacher at a school in Schaghticoke.
After graduating, Arthur returned to Schaghticoke and became a full-time teacher, but soon began to pursue an education in the law. While studying law, he continued teaching, moving closer to home by taking a job teaching in North Pownal, Vermont. Coincidentally, future President James A. Garfield would teach penmanship at the same school three years later, but the two did not cross paths at that time. In 1852, Arthur moved again, to Cohoes, New York, to become the principal of a school at which his sister, Malvina, was a teacher. In 1853, after studying at State and National Law School in Ballston Spa, New York, and saving enough money, Arthur moved to New York City to read law at the law office of Erastus D. Culver, an abolitionist lawyer and family friend. When Arthur was admitted to the bar in 1854, he joined Culver's firm, which was subsequently renamed Culver, Parker, and Arthur.
Early career.
New York lawyer.
When Arthur joined the firm, Culver and New York attorney John Jay (the grandson of the Founding Father of the same name) were pursuing a "habeas corpus" action against Jonathan Lemmon, a Virginia slaveholder who was passing through New York with his eight slaves. In "Lemmon v. New York", Culver argued that, as New York law did not permit slavery, any slave arriving in New York was automatically freed. The argument was successful, and after several appeals was upheld by the New York Court of Appeals in 1860. Campaign biographers would later give Arthur much of the credit for the victory; in fact his role was minor, although he was certainly an active participant in the case. In another civil rights case in 1854, Arthur was the lead attorney representing Elizabeth Jennings Graham after she was denied a seat on a streetcar because she was black. He won the case, and the verdict led to the desegregation of the New York City streetcar lines.
In 1856, Arthur courted Ellen Herndon, the daughter of William Lewis Herndon, a Virginia naval officer. The two were soon engaged to be married. Later that year, he started a new law partnership with a friend, Henry D. Gardiner, and traveled with him to Kansas to consider purchasing land and setting up a law practice there. At that time, the state was the scene of a brutal struggle between pro-slavery and anti-slavery forces, and Arthur lined up firmly with the latter. The rough frontier life did not agree with the genteel New Yorkers; after three or four months the two young lawyers returned to New York City, where Arthur comforted his fiancée after her father was lost at sea in the wreck of the SS "Central America". In 1859, they were married at Calvary Episcopal Church in Manhattan. After his marriage, Arthur devoted his efforts to building his law practice, but also found time to engage in Republican party politics. He also indulged his military interest by becoming Judge-Advocate-General for the Second Brigade of the New York Militia.
Civil War.
In 1860, Arthur was appointed to the military staff of Governor Edwin D. Morgan as engineer-in-chief. The office was a patronage appointment of minor importance until the outbreak of the Civil War in April 1861, when New York and the other northern states were faced with raising and equipping armies of a size never before seen in American history. Arthur was given the rank of brigadier general and assigned to the quartermaster department. He was so efficient at housing and outfitting the troops that poured into New York City that he was promoted within the state militia to inspector general in February 1862, and then to quartermaster general that July. He had an opportunity to serve at the front when the 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment elected him colonel early in the war, but at Governor Morgan's request, he turned it down to remain at his post in New York. The closest Arthur came to the front was when he traveled south to inspect New York troops near Fredericksburg, Virginia, in May 1862, shortly after forces under Major General Irwin McDowell seized the town during the Peninsula Campaign. That summer, he and other representatives of northern governors met with Secretary of State William H. Seward in New York to coordinate the raising of additional troops, and spent the next few months enlisting New York's quota of 120,000 men. Arthur received plaudits for his work, but his post was a political one, and he was relieved of his office in January 1863 when Governor Horatio Seymour, a Democrat, took office.
Arthur returned to his law practice in 1863 and, with the help of additional contacts made in the military, he and the firm of Arthur & Gardiner flourished. Even as his professional life improved, however, Arthur and his wife experienced a personal tragedy as their only child, William, died suddenly that year at the age of three. The couple took their son's death hard, and when they had another son, Chester Alan Jr., in 1864, they lavished attention on him. They would also have a daughter, Ellen, in 1871. Both children survived to adulthood. Arthur's political prospects improved along with his law practice when his patron, ex-Governor Morgan, was elected to the United States Senate. He was hired by Thomas Murphy, a hatter who sold goods to the Union Army, to represent him in Washington. The two became associates within New York Republican party circles, eventually rising in the ranks of the conservative branch of the party dominated by Thurlow Weed. In the presidential election of 1864, Arthur and Murphy raised funds from Republicans in New York and attended Abraham Lincoln's inauguration in 1865.
New York politician.
Conkling's machine.
The end of the Civil War meant new opportunities for the men in Morgan's Republican machine, including Arthur. Morgan leaned toward the conservative wing of the New York Republican party, as did the men who worked for him, including Weed, Seward (who continued in office under President Andrew Johnson), and Roscoe Conkling (an eloquent Utica Congressman and rising star in the party). Arthur rarely articulated his own political ideas during his time as a part of the machine; as was common at the time, loyalty and hard work on the machine's behalf was more important than actual political sympathies. In 1866, he attempted to secure the position of Naval Officer at the New York Custom House, a lucrative job with few responsibilities, but was unable to do so. He continued his law practice (now a solo practitionership after Gardiner's death) and his role in politics, becoming a member of the prestigious Century Club in 1867. Conkling, elected in 1867 to the United States Senate, noticed Arthur, facilitated his rise in the party and Arthur became chairman of the New York City Republican executive committee in 1868. His ascent in the party hierarchy kept him busy most nights, and his wife resented his continual absence from the family home on party business.
Conkling's machine was solidly behind General Ulysses S. Grant's candidacy for president, and Arthur raised funds for Grant's election in 1868. The opposing Democratic machine in New York City, known as Tammany Hall, worked for Grant's opponent, former New York Governor Horatio Seymour; while Grant was victorious in the national vote, Seymour narrowly carried the state of New York. Arthur began to devote more of his time to politics and less to law, and in 1869 he was appointed counsel to the New York City tax commission, an arrangement his friend Murphy made with William Marcy Tweed, the Tammany Hall boss; he remained at the job until 1870 at a salary of $10,000 a year. Arthur's specific role in the tax commission office is unknown; after Tweed's fall from power in 1871, Arthur never spoke of the Conkling machine's cooperation with Tammany Hall.
Shortly thereafter, President Grant gave control over the New York Custom House patronage to Conkling and appointed Murphy to the position of Collector of the Port of New York. Murphy's reputation as a war profiteer and his association with Tammany Hall made him unacceptable to many of his own party, but Conkling convinced the Senate to confirm him. The Collector was responsible for hiring hundreds of workers to collect the tariffs due at the United States' busiest port. Typically, these jobs were dispensed to adherents of the political machine responsible for hiring the Collector. Employees were required to make political contributions (known as "assessments") back to the machine, which made the job a highly coveted political plum. Murphy's unpopularity only increased as he replaced workers loyal to Senator Reuben Fenton's faction of the Republican party with those loyal to Conkling's. Eventually, the pressure to replace Murphy grew too great, and Grant asked for his resignation in 1871. To replace him, Grant nominated Arthur. At the time of his appointment the "New York Times" commented, "his name very seldom rises to the surface of metropolitan life and yet moving like a mighty undercurrent this man during the last 10 years has done more to mold the course of the Republican Party in this state then any other one man in the country."
The Senate confirmed Arthur's appointment; as Collector he controlled nearly a thousand jobs and received compensation as great as any federal officeholder. Arthur's salary was $6,500, but senior customs employees were compensated additionally by the "moiety" system, which awarded them a percentage of the fines levied on importers who attempted to evade the tariff. In total, his income came to more than $50,000—more than the president's salary, and more than enough for him to enjoy fashionable clothes and a lavish lifestyle. Among those who dealt with the Custom House, Arthur was one of the era's more popular collectors. He got along with his subordinates and, since Murphy had already filled the staff with Conkling's adherents, he had few occasions to fire anyone. He was also popular within the Republican party as he efficiently collected campaign assessments from the staff and placed party leaders' friends in jobs as positions became available. Arthur had a better reputation than Murphy, but reformers still criticized the patronage structure and the moiety system as corrupt. A rising tide of reform within the party caused Arthur to rename the financial extractions from employees as "voluntary contributions" in 1872, but the concept remained, and the party reaped the benefit of controlling government jobs. In that year, reform-minded Republicans formed the Liberal Republican party and voted against Grant, but he was re-elected in spite of their opposition. Nevertheless, the movement for civil service reform continued to chip away at Conkling's patronage machine; in 1874 Custom House employees were found to have improperly assessed fines against an importing company, and Congress reacted, repealing the moiety system and putting the staff, including Arthur, on regular salary. As a result, his income dropped to $12,000 a year.
Clash with Hayes.
Arthur's four-year term expired on December 10, 1875, and Conkling, then among the most powerful politicians in Washington, arranged his protégé's reappointment by President Grant. By 1876, Conkling was considering a run for the Presidency himself, but the selection of reformer Rutherford B. Hayes by the 1876 Republican National Convention preempted the machine boss. Arthur and the machine gathered campaign funds with their usual zeal, but Conkling limited his own campaign activities to a few speeches. Hayes's opponent, New York Governor Samuel J. Tilden, carried New York and won the popular vote nationwide, but after the resolution of several months of disputes over twenty electoral votes (from the states of Florida, Louisiana, Oregon, and South Carolina), he lost the Presidency.
Hayes entered office with a pledge to reform the patronage system; in 1877, he and Treasury Secretary John Sherman made Conkling's machine the primary target. Sherman ordered a commission led by John Jay to investigate the New York Custom House. Jay, with whom Arthur had collaborated in the "Lemmon" case two decades earlier, suggested that the Custom House was overstaffed with political appointments, and that 20% of the employees were expendable. Sherman was less enthusiastic about the reforms than Hayes and Jay, but he approved the commission's report and ordered Arthur to make the personnel reductions. Arthur appointed a committee of Custom House workers to determine where the cuts were to be made and, after a written protest, carried them out. Notwithstanding his cooperation, the Jay Commission issued a second report critical of Arthur and other Custom House employees, and subsequent reports urging a complete reorganization.
Hayes further struck at the heart of the spoils system by issuing an executive order that forbade assessments and barred federal office holders from "tak part in the management of political organizations, caucuses, conventions, or election campaigns". Arthur and his subordinates, Alonzo B. Cornell and George H. Sharpe, refused to obey the president's order; Sherman encouraged Arthur to resign, offering him the consulship at Paris in exchange, but Arthur refused. In September 1877, Hayes demanded the three men's resignations, which they refused to give. Hayes then submitted the appointment of Theodore Roosevelt, Sr., L. Bradford Prince, and Edwin Merritt (all supporters of Conkling's rival William M. Evarts) to the Senate for confirmation as their replacements. The Senate's Commerce Committee, chaired by Conkling, unanimously rejected all the nominees; the full Senate rejected Roosevelt and Prince by a vote of 31–25, and confirmed Merritt only because Sharpe's term had expired.
Arthur's job was only spared until July 1878, when Hayes took advantage of a Congressional recess to fire him and Cornell, replacing them with the recess appointment of Merritt and Silas W. Burt. Conkling opposed the appointees' confirmation when the Senate reconvened in February 1879, but Merritt was approved by a vote of 31–25, as was Burt by 31–19, giving Hayes his most significant civil service reform victory. Arthur immediately took advantage of the resulting free time to work for the election of Edward Cooper as New York City's next mayor. In the state elections of 1879, he and Conkling worked to ensure that the Republican nominees for state offices would be men of Conkling's faction, who had become known as Stalwarts. They were successful, but narrowly, as Cornell was nominated for governor by a vote of 234–216. Arthur and Conkling campaigned vigorously for the Stalwart ticket and, owing partly to a splintering of the Democratic vote, were victorious. Arthur and the machine had rebuked Hayes and their intra-party rivals, but Arthur had only a few days to enjoy his triumph when, on January 12, 1880, his wife died suddenly while he was in Albany organizing the political agenda for the coming year. Arthur felt devastated, and perhaps guilty, and never remarried.
Election of 1880.
Conkling and his fellow Stalwarts, including Arthur, wished to follow up their 1879 success at the 1880 Republican National Convention by securing the nomination for their ally, ex-President Grant. Their opponents in the Republican party, known as Half-Breeds, concentrated their efforts on James G. Blaine, a Senator from Maine who was more amenable to civil service reform. Neither candidate commanded a majority of delegates and, deadlocked after thirty-six ballots, the convention turned to a dark horse, James A. Garfield, an Ohio Congressman and Civil War General who was neither Stalwart nor Half-Breed.
Garfield and his supporters knew they would face a difficult election without the support of the New York Stalwarts and decided to offer one of them the vice presidential nomination. Levi P. Morton, the first choice of Garfield's supporters, refused to run based on Conkling's advice. They next approached Arthur, and Conkling advised him to also reject the nomination, believing the Republicans would lose. Arthur thought otherwise and accepted, telling Conkling, "The office of the Vice-President is a greater honor than I ever dreamed of attaining." Conkling eventually relented, and campaigned for the ticket.
As expected, the election was close. The Democratic nominee, General Winfield Scott Hancock, was popular and, having avoided taking definitive positions on most issues of the day, he had not offended any pivotal constituencies. As Republicans had done since the end of the Civil War, Garfield and Arthur initially focused their campaign on the "bloody shirt"—the idea that returning Democrats to office would undo the victory of the Civil War and reward secessionists. With the war fifteen years in the past and Union generals at the head of both tickets, the tactic was less effective than the Republicans hoped. Realizing this, they adjusted their approach to claim that Democrats would lower the country's protective tariff, which would allow cheaper manufactured goods to be imported from Europe, and thereby put thousands out of work. This argument struck home in the swing states of New York and Indiana, where many were employed in manufacturing. Hancock did not help his own cause when, in an attempt to remain neutral on the tariff, he said that "he tariff question is a local question", which only served to make him appear uninformed about an important issue. Candidates for high office did not personally campaign in those days, but Arthur played a part in the campaign in his usual fashion: raising money. The funds were crucial in the close election, and his home state of New York was crucial. The Republicans carried New York by 20,000 votes and, in an election with the largest turnout of qualified voters ever recorded—78.4%—they won the nationwide popular vote by just 7,018 votes. The electoral college result was more decisive—214 to 155—and Garfield and Arthur were elected.
Vice Presidency.
After the election, Arthur worked in vain to persuade Garfield to fill certain positions with his fellow New York Stalwarts—especially that of the Secretary of the Treasury; the Stalwart machine received a further rebuke when Garfield appointed Blaine, Conkling's arch-enemy, as Secretary of State. The running mates, never close, detached as Garfield continued to freeze out the Stalwarts from his patronage. Arthur's status in the administration diminished when, a month before inauguration day, he gave a speech before reporters suggesting the election in Indiana, a swing state, had been won by illegal voting. Garfield ultimately appointed a Stalwart, Thomas Lemuel James, to be Postmaster General, but the cabinet fight and Arthur's ill-considered speech left the President and Vice President clearly estranged when they took office on March 4, 1881.
The Senate in the 47th United States Congress was divided among 37 Republicans, 37 Democrats, one independent (David Davis) who caucused with the Democrats, one Readjuster (William Mahone), and four vacancies. Immediately, the Democrats attempted to organize the Senate, knowing that the vacancies would soon be filled by Republicans. As Vice President, Arthur cast tie-breaking votes in favor of the Republicans when Mahone opted to join their caucus. Even so, the Senate remained deadlocked for two months over Garfield's nominations because of Conkling's opposition to some of them. Just before going into recess in May 1881, the situation became more complicated when Conkling and the other Senator from New York, Thomas C. Platt, resigned in protest of Garfield's continuing opposition to their faction.
With the Senate in recess, Arthur had no duties in Washington and returned to New York City. Once there, he traveled with Conkling to Albany, where the former Senator hoped for a quick re-election to the Senate, and with it, a defeat for the Garfield administration. The Republican majority in the state legislature was divided on the question, to Conkling and Platt's surprise, and an intense campaign in the state house ensued.
While in Albany on July 2, Arthur learned that Garfield had been shot. The assassin, Charles J. Guiteau, was a deranged office-seeker who believed that Garfield's successor would appoint him to a patronage job; indeed, he proclaimed to onlookers: "I am a Stalwart, and Arthur will be President!" Despite claims to the contrary, Guiteau was proven mentally unstable and unconnected with the Vice President.
More troubling was the lack of legal guidance on presidential succession: as Garfield lingered near death, no one was sure who, if anyone, could exercise presidential authority. Also, after Sen. Conkling's resignation, the Senate had adjourned without electing a "president pro tempore," who would normally follow Arthur in the succession. Arthur was reluctant to be seen acting as President while Garfield lived, and for the next two months there was a void of authority in the executive office, with Garfield too weak to carry out his duties, and Arthur reluctant to assume them. Through the summer, Arthur refused to travel to Washington and was at his Lexington Avenue home when, on the night of September 19, he learned that Garfield had died. Judge John R. Brady of the New York Supreme Court administered the oath of office in Arthur's home at 2:15 a.m. the following day, and Arthur boarded a train for the nation's capital two days later.
Presidency 1881–1885.
Taking office.
Arriving in Washington, D.C. on September 22, Arthur's oath of office was replicated, this time before Chief Justice Morrison R. Waite, to assure procedural compliance He initially took up residence at the home of Senator John P. Jones, pending significant remodeling at the White House that he ordered; this included the addition of an elaborate fifty-foot glass screen made by Louis Comfort Tiffany. His sister, Mary Arthur McElroy, served as White House hostess for her widowed brother; Arthur became Washington's most eligible bachelor and his social life became the subject of rumors, though romantically, he remained singularly devoted to the memory of his late wife. His son, Chester Jr., was then a freshman at Princeton University and his daughter, Nell, stayed in New York with a governess until 1882; when she arrived, Arthur shielded her from the intrusive press as much as he could.
Arthur quickly came into conflict with Garfield's cabinet, most of whom represented his opposition within the party. He asked the cabinet members to remain until December, when Congress would reconvene, but Treasury Secretary William Windom submitted his resignation in October to enter a Senate race in his home state of Minnesota. Arthur replaced him with Charles J. Folger, his friend and fellow New York Stalwart. Attorney General Wayne MacVeagh was next to resign, believing that, as a reformer, he had no place in an Arthur cabinet. Despite Arthur's personal appeal to remain, MacVeigh resigned in December 1881 and Arthur replaced him with Benjamin H. Brewster, a Philadelphia lawyer and machine politician reputed to have reformist leanings. Blaine, nemesis of the Stalwart faction, remained Secretary of State until Congress reconvened, then departed immediately. Conkling expected Arthur to appoint him in Blaine's place, but the President chose Frederick T. Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, a Stalwart recommended by ex-President Grant. Frelinghuysen advised Arthur not to fill any future vacancies with Stalwarts, but when Postmaster General James resigned in January 1882, Arthur selected Timothy O. Howe, a Wisconsin Stalwart. Navy Secretary William H. Hunt was next to resign, in April 1882, and Arthur attempted a more balanced approach by appointing William E. Chandler to the post, on Blaine's recommendation. Finally, when Interior Secretary Samuel J. Kirkwood resigned that same month, Arthur appointed Henry M. Teller, a Colorado Stalwart to the office. Of the Cabinet members Arthur had inherited from Garfield, only Secretary of War Robert Todd Lincoln remained for the entirety of Arthur's term.
Civil service reform.
In the 1870s, a scandal was exposed, in which contractors for star postal routes were greatly overpaid for their services with the connivance of government officials (including Second Assistant Postal Secretary Thomas J. Brady and former Senator Stephen Wallace Dorsey). Reformers feared Arthur, as a former supporter of the spoils system, would not commit to continuing the investigation into the scandal. But, Arthur's Attorney General, Brewster, in fact continued the investigations begun by MacVeigh, and hired notable Democratic lawyers William W. Ker and Richard T. Merrick to strengthen the prosecution team and forestall the skeptics. Although Arthur had worked closely with Dorsey before his presidency, once in office he supported the investigation and forced the resignation of officials suspected in the scandal. An 1882 trial of the ringleaders resulted in convictions for two minor conspirators and a hung jury for the rest. After a juror came forward with allegations that the defendants attempted to bribe him, the judge set aside the guilty verdicts and granted a new trial. Before the second trial began, Arthur removed five federal office holders who were sympathetic with the defense, including a former Senator. The second trial began in December 1882 and lasted until July 1883 and, again, did not result in a guilty verdict. Failure to obtain a conviction tarnished the administration's image, but Arthur did succeed in putting a stop to the fraud.
Garfield's assassination by a deranged office seeker amplified the public demand for civil service reform. Both Democratic and Republican leaders realized that they could attract the votes of reformers by turning against the spoils system and, by 1882, a bipartisan effort began in favor of reform. In 1880, Democratic Senator George H. Pendleton of Ohio introduced legislation that required selection of civil servants based on merit as determined by an examination. In his first annual Presidential address to Congress in 1881, Arthur requested civil service reform legislation and Pendleton again introduced his bill, but Congress did not pass it. Republicans lost seats in the 1882 congressional elections, in which Democrats campaigned on the reform issue. As a result, the lame duck session of Congress was more amenable to civil service reform; the Senate approved Pendleton's bill 38–5 and the House soon concurred by a vote of 155–47. Arthur signed the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act into law on January 16, 1883. In just two years' time, an unrepentant Stalwart had become the president who ushered in long-awaited civil service reform.
At first, the act applied only to 10% of federal jobs and, without proper implementation by the president, it could have gone no further. Even after he signed the act into law, its proponents doubted Arthur's commitment to reform. To their surprise, he acted quickly to appoint the members of the Civil Service Commission that the law created, naming reformers Dorman Bridgeman Eaton, John Milton Gregory, and Leroy D. Thoman as commissioners. The chief examiner, Silas W. Burt, was a long-time reformer who had been Arthur's opponent when the two men worked at the New York Customs House. The commission issued its first rules in May 1883; by 1884, half of all postal officials and three-quarters of the Customs Service jobs were to be awarded by merit. That year, Arthur expressed satisfaction with the new system, praising its effectiveness "in securing competent and faithful public servants and in protecting the appointing officers of the Government from the pressure of personal importunity and from the labor of examining the claims and pretensions of rival candidates for public employment."
Surplus and the tariff.
With high revenue held over from wartime taxes, the federal government had collected more than it spent since 1866; by 1882 the surplus reached $145 million. Opinions varied on how to balance the budget; the Democrats wished to lower tariffs, in order to reduce revenues and the cost of imported goods, while Republicans believed that high tariffs ensured high wages in manufacturing and mining. They preferred the government spend more on internal improvements and reduce excise taxes. Arthur agreed with his party, and in 1882 called for the abolition of excise taxes on everything except liquor, as well as a simplification of the complex tariff structure. In May of that year, Representative William D. Kelley of Pennsylvania introduced a bill to establish a tariff commission; the bill passed and Arthur signed it into law but appointed mostly protectionists to the committee. Republicans were pleased with the committee's make-up but were surprised when, in December 1882, they submitted a report to Congress calling for tariff cuts averaging between 20 and 25%. The commission's recommendations were ignored, however, as the House Ways and Means Committee, dominated by protectionists, provided a 10% reduction. After conference with the Senate, the bill that emerged only reduced tariffs by an average of 1.47%. The bill passed both houses narrowly on March 3, 1883, the last full day of the 47th Congress; Arthur signed the measure into law, with no effect on the surplus.
Congress attempted to balance the budget from the other side of the ledger, with increased spending on the 1882 Rivers and Harbors Act in the unprecedented amount of $19 million. While Arthur was not opposed to internal improvements, the scale of the bill disturbed him, as did its narrow focus on "particular localities," rather than projects that benefited a larger part of the nation. On August 1, 1882, Arthur vetoed the bill to widespread popular acclaim; in his veto message, his principal objection was that it appropriated funds for purposes "not for the common defense or general welfare, and which do not promote commerce among the States." Congress overrode his veto the next day and the new law reduced the surplus by $19 million. Republicans considered the law a success at the time, but later concluded that it contributed to their loss of seats in the elections of 1882.
Foreign affairs and immigration.
During the Garfield administration, Secretary of State James G. Blaine attempted to invigorate United States diplomacy in Latin America, urging reciprocal trade agreements and offering to mediate disputes among the Latin American nations. Blaine, venturing a greater involvement in affairs south of the Rio Grande, proposed a Pan-American conference in 1882 to discuss trade and an end to the War of the Pacific being fought by Bolivia, Chile, and Peru. Blaine did not remain in office long enough to see the effort through, and when Frederick T. Frelinghuysen replaced him at the end of 1881, the conference efforts lapsed. Frelinghuysen also discontinued Blaine's peace efforts in the War of the Pacific, fearing that the United States might be drawn into the conflict. Arthur and Frelinghuysen continued Blaine's efforts to encourage trade among the nations of the Western Hemisphere; a treaty with Mexico providing for reciprocal tariff reductions was signed in 1882 and approved by the Senate in 1884. Legislation required to bring the treaty into force failed in the House, however, rendering it a dead letter. Similar efforts at reciprocal trade treaties with Santo Domingo and Spain's American colonies were defeated by February 1885, and an existing reciprocity treaty with the Kingdom of Hawaii was allowed to lapse.
The 47th Congress spent a great deal of time on immigration, and at times was in accord with Arthur. In July 1882 Congress easily passed a bill regulating steamships that carried immigrants to the United States. To their surprise, Arthur vetoed it and requested revisions, which they made and which Arthur then approved. He also signed in August of that year the Immigration Act of 1882, which levied a 50-cent tax on immigrants to the United States, and excluded from entry the mentally ill, the intellectually disabled, criminals, or any other person potentially dependent upon public assistance.
A more contentious debate materialized over the status of Chinese immigrants; in 1868, the Senate had ratified the Burlingame Treaty with China, allowing an unrestricted flow of Chinese into the country. As the economy soured after the Panic of 1873, Chinese immigrants were blamed for depressing workmen's wages; in reaction Congress in 1879 attempted to abrogate the 1868 treaty by passing the Chinese Exclusion Act, but President Hayes vetoed it. Three years later, after China had agreed to treaty revisions, Congress tried again to exclude Chinese immigrants; Senator John F. Miller of California introduced another Chinese Exclusion Act that denied Chinese immigrants United States citizenship and banned their immigration for a twenty year period. The bill passed the Senate and House by overwhelming margins, but this as well was vetoed by Arthur, who concluded the 20-year ban to be a breach of the renegotiated treaty of 1880. That treaty allowed only a "reasonable" suspension of immigration. Eastern newspapers praised the veto, while it was condemned in the Western states. Congress was unable to override the veto, but passed a new bill reducing the immigration ban to ten years. Although he still objected to this denial of citizenship to Chinese immigrants, Arthur acceded to the compromise measure, signing the Chinese Exclusion Act into law on May 6, 1882.
Naval reform.
In the years following the Civil War, American naval power declined precipitously, shrinking from nearly 700 vessels to just 52, most of which were obsolete. The nation's military focus over the fifteen years before Garfield and Arthur's election had been on the Indian wars in the West, rather than the high seas, but as the region was increasingly pacified, many in Congress grew concerned at the poor state of the Navy. Garfield's Secretary of the Navy, William H. Hunt, advocated reform of the Navy and his successor, William E. Chandler, appointed an advisory board to prepare a report on modernization. Based on the suggestions in the report, Congress appropriated funds for the construction of three steel protected cruisers ("Atlanta", "Boston", and "Chicago") and an armed dispatch-steamer ("Dolphin"), collectively known as the "ABCD Ships" or the "Squadron of Evolution". Congress also approved funds to rebuild four monitors ("Puritan", "Amphitrite", "Monadnock", and "Terror,") which had lain uncompleted since 1877. The contracts to build the ABCD ships were all awarded to the low bidder, John Roach & Sons of Chester, Pennsylvania, even though Roach once employed Secretary Chandler as a lobbyist. Democrats turned against the "New Navy" projects and, when they won control of the 48th Congress, refused to appropriate funds for seven more steel warships. Even without the additional ships, the state of the Navy improved when, after several construction delays, the last of the new ships entered service in 1889.
Civil rights.
Like his Republican predecessors, Arthur struggled with the question of how his party was to challenge the Democrats in the South and how, if at all, to protect the civil rights of black southerners. Since the end of Reconstruction, conservative white Democrats (or "Bourbon Democrats") had regained power in the South, and the Republican party dwindled rapidly as their primary supporters in the region, blacks, were disenfranchised. One crack in the solidly Democratic South emerged with the growth of a new party, the Readjusters, in Virginia. Having won an election in that state on a platform of more education funding (for black and white schools alike) and abolition of the poll tax and the whipping post, many northern Republicans saw the Readjusters as a more viable ally in the South than the moribund southern Republican party. Arthur agreed, and directed the federal patronage in Virginia through the Readjusters rather than the Republicans. He followed the same pattern in other Southern states, forging coalitions with independents and Greenback Party members. Some black Republicans felt betrayed by the pragmatic gambit, but others (including Frederick Douglass and ex-Senator Blanche K. Bruce) endorsed the administration's actions, as the Southern independents had more liberal racial policies than the Democrats. Arthur's coalition policy was only successful in Virginia, however, and by 1885 the Readjuster movement began to collapse with the election of a Democratic president.
Other federal action on behalf of blacks was equally ineffective: when the Supreme Court struck down the Civil Rights Act of 1875 in an 1883 decision, Arthur expressed his disagreement with the decision in a message to Congress, but was unable to persuade Congress to pass any new legislation in its place. Arthur did, however, effectively intervene to overturn a court-martial ruling against a black West Point cadet, Johnson Whittaker, after the Judge Advocate General of the Army, David G. Swaim, found the prosecution's case against Whittaker based on racial animus and illegal. The administration faced a different challenge in the West, where the LDS Church was under government pressure to stop the practice of polygamy in Utah Territory. Garfield had believed polygamy was criminal behavior and was morally detrimental to family values, and Arthur's views were, for once, in line with his predecessor's. In 1882, he signed the Edmunds Act into law, making polygamy a federal crime and barring polygamists from public office.
Indian policy.
The Arthur administration was challenged by changing relations with western American Indian tribes. The Indian Wars were winding down, and public sentiment was shifting toward more favorable treatment of Native Americans. Arthur urged Congress to increase funding for Indian education, which it did in 1884, although not to the extent he wished. He also favored a move to the allotment system, under which individual Native Americans, rather than tribes, would own land. Arthur was unable to convince Congress to adopt the idea during his administration but, in 1887, the Dawes Act changed the law to favor such a system. The allotment system was favored by liberal reformers at the time, but eventually proved detrimental to Native Americans as most of their land was resold at low prices to white speculators. During Arthur's presidency, settlers and cattle ranchers continued to encroach on Indian territory. Arthur initially resisted their efforts, but after Secretary of the Interior Henry M. Teller, an opponent of allotment, assured him that the lands were not protected, Arthur opened up the Crow Creek Reservation in the Dakota Territory to settlers by executive order in 1885. Arthur's successor, Grover Cleveland, finding that title belonged to the Indians, revoked Arthur's order a few months later.
Health, travel, and renomination.
Shortly after becoming President, Arthur was diagnosed with Bright's disease, a kidney ailment now referred to as nephritis. He attempted to keep his condition private, but by 1883 rumors of his illness began to circulate; he had become thinner and more aged in appearance, and struggled to keep the pace of the presidency. To rejuvenate his health outside the confines of Washington, Arthur and some political friends traveled to Florida in April 1883. The vacation had the opposite effect, and Arthur suffered from intense pain before returning to Washington. Later that year, on the advice of Missouri Senator George Graham Vest, he visited Yellowstone National Park. Reporters accompanied the presidential party, helping to publicize the new National Park system. The Yellowstone trip was more beneficial to Arthur's health than his Florida excursion, and he returned to Washington refreshed after two months of travel.
As the 1884 presidential election approached, James G. Blaine was considered the favorite for the Republican nomination, but Arthur, too, contemplated a run for a full term as President. In the months leading up to the 1884 Republican National Convention, however, Arthur began to realize that neither faction of the Republican party was prepared to give him their full support: the Half-Breeds were again solidly behind Blaine, while Stalwarts were undecided; some backed Arthur, with others considering Senator John A. Logan of Illinois. Reform-minded Republicans, friendlier to Arthur after he endorsed civil service reform, were still not certain enough of his reform credentials to back him over Senator George F. Edmunds of Vermont, who had long favored their cause. Business leaders supported him, as did Southern Republicans who owed their jobs to his control of the patronage, but by the time they began to rally around him, Arthur had decided against a serious campaign for the nomination. He kept up a token effort, believing that to drop out would cast doubt on his actions in office and raise questions about his health, but by the time the convention began in June, his defeat was assured. Blaine led on the first ballot, and by the fourth ballot he had a majority. Arthur telegraphed his congratulations to Blaine and accepted his defeat with equanimity. He played no role in the 1884 campaign, which Blaine would later blame for his loss that November to the Democratic nominee, Grover Cleveland.
Judicial appointments.
Arthur made appointments to fill two vacancies on the United States Supreme Court. The first vacancy arose in July 1881 with the death of Associate Justice Nathan Clifford, a Democrat who had been a member of the Court since before the Civil War. Arthur nominated Horace Gray, a distinguished jurist from the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court to replace him, and the nomination was easily confirmed. The second vacancy occurred when Associate Justice Ward Hunt retired in January 1882. Arthur first nominated his old political boss, Roscoe Conkling; he doubted that Conkling would accept, but felt obligated to offer a high office to his former patron. The Senate confirmed the nomination but, as expected, Conkling declined it, the last time a confirmed nominee declined his appointment. Senator George Edmunds was Arthur's next choice, but he declined to be considered. Instead, Arthur nominated Samuel Blatchford, who had been a judge on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals for the prior four years. Blatchford accepted, and his nomination was approved within two weeks. Blatchford served on the Court until his death in 1893.
Retirement, death, and memorials.
Arthur left office in 1885 and returned to his New York City home. Two months before the end of his term, several New York Stalwarts approached him to request that he run for United States Senate, but he declined, preferring to return to his old law practice at Arthur, Knevals & Ransom. His health limited his activity with the firm, and Arthur served only of counsel. He took on few assignments with the firm and was often too ill to leave his house. He managed a few public appearances, until the end of 1885.
After summering in New London, Connecticut, in 1886, he returned quite ill and, on November 16, ordered nearly all of his papers, both personal and official, burned. The next morning, Arthur suffered a cerebral hemorrhage and never regained consciousness; he died the following day at the age of 57. On November 22, a private funeral was held at the Church of the Heavenly Rest in New York City, attended by President Cleveland and ex-President Hayes, among other notables. Arthur was buried with his family members and ancestors in the Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands, New York. He was laid beside his wife in a sarcophagus on a large corner of the plot. In 1889, a monument was placed on Arthur's burial plot by sculptor Ephraim Keyser of New York, consisting of a giant bronze female angel figure placing a bronze palm leaf on a granite sarcophagus.
In 1898, the Arthur memorial statue—a fifteen-foot, bronze figure of Arthur standing on a Barre granite pedestal—was created by sculptor George Edwin Bissell and installed at Madison Square, in New York City. The statue was dedicated in 1899 and unveiled by Arthur's sister, Mary Arthur McElroy. At the dedication, Secretary of War Elihu Root described Arthur as "wise in statesmanship and firm and effective in administration", while acknowledging that Arthur was isolated in office and unloved by his own party. Critics at the time viewed Arthur as a playboy who did not take the Presidency seriously.
Arthur's unpopularity in life carried over into his assessment by historians, and his reputation after leaving office disappeared. By 1935, historian George F. Howe said that Arthur had achieved "an obscurity in strange contrast to his significant part in American history." By 1975, however, Thomas C. Reeves would write that Arthur's "appointments, if unspectacular, were unusually sound; the corruption and scandal that dominated business and politics of the period did not tarnish his administration." As 2004 biographer Zachary Karabell wrote, although Arthur was "physically stretched and emotionally strained, he strove to do what was right for the country." Indeed, Howe had earlier surmised, "Arthur adopted code for his own political behavior but subject to three restraints: he remained to everyone a man of his word; he kept scrupulously free from corrupt graft; he maintained a personal dignity, affable and genial though he might be. These restraints...distinguished him sharply from the stereotype politician."
Sources.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="21490965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490965" title="Martin McDonnell">
Martin McDonnell

Martin McDonnell (27 April 1924 – 13 April 1988) was an English footballer who played as a centre half. He made 412 appearances in the Football League, playing for Southport, Birmingham City, Coventry City, Derby County and Crewe Alexandra.
McDonnell was born in Newton-le-Willows, then in Lancashire, in 1924. During the Second World War, in which he served as a paratrooper, he played local football for Earlestown and Haydock C&B before joining Everton. He left the club for Southport before the Football League resumed after the war. After one season Harry Storer signed him for Birmingham City as deputy for Ted Duckhouse. Two years later, Storer, now managing Coventry City, signed him again, and McDonnell remained at the club for six seasons and played 250 games in all competitions. When Storer took over as manager of Derby County, he promptly signed McDonnell for the third time. After three seasons with Derby, where he played more than 100 games in all competitions and helped the club to the championship of the Third Division North in 1956–57, McDonnell finished off his professional career at Crewe Alexandra. He died in Coventry in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21490967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490967" title="Menergy">
Menergy

Menergy is the second album created by the band: The White Octave which was released in 2001 and produced by record labed "Initial Records"
Track listing.
All tracks written by Simon Neil, James Johnston, and Ben Johnston.

</doc>
<doc id="21490975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490975" title="FPU">
FPU

FPU may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="21490977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490977" title="PERCS">
PERCS

PERCS (Productive, Easy-to-use, Reliable Computing System) is IBM's answer to DARPA's High Productivity Computing Systems (HPCS) initiative. The program resulted in commercial development and deployment of the Power 775, a supercomputer design with extremely high performance ratios in fabric and memory bandwidth, as well as very high performance density and power efficiency.
IBM officially announced the Power 775 on July 12, 2011 and started to ship systems in August 2011.
Background.
The HPCS program was a three phase research and development effort. IBM was one of three companies, along with Cray and Sun Microsystems, that received the HPCS grant for Phase II. In this phase, IBM collaborated with a consortium of 12 universities and the Los Alamos National Lab to pursue an adaptable computing system with the goal of commercial viability of new chip technology, new computer architecture, operating systems, compiler and programming environments. 
IBM was chosen for Phase III in November 2006, and granted $244 million in funds for continuing development of PERCS technology and delivering prototype systems by 2010. 
Deployment.
The first supercomputer using PERCS technology was intended to be the Blue Waters system, however the high costs and complexity of the system resulted in its contract being canceled. The machine was subsequently delivered by Cray Inc, using a combination of GPUs and CPUs for processing, and a network with reduced global bandwidth capabilities.
Power775 / PERCS systems were subsequently deployed at roughly two dozen institutions in the U.S. and other countries, in installations ranging from 2,000 to over 64,000 Power7 processing cores. Major deployments have been for network-intensive and memory-intensive applications (as opposed to FLOPS-intensive), such as weather & climate modeling (ECMWF, UKMO, Environment Canada, Japan Meteorological Agency), and scientific research (University of Warsaw, Slovak Academy of Sciences, and several other government laboratories in the U.S., and other countries).
Technology.
PERCS will use IBM's large scale technologies from servers and supercomputers like the POWER7 microprocessor, AIX operating system, X10 programming language and General Parallel File System.
Power 775.
Sometimes known as the POWER7-IH, the Power 775 is a water cooled rack module, 34 inches wide, 54 inches deep and 3.5 inches (2U) high. Each drawer comprises up to eight nodes (single O/S images) with a MCM with four POWER7 CPUs each, and 16 DDR3 SDRAM slots per MCM for a total of 256 POWER7 cores and 2 TB RAM. Each drawer also has eight optical connect controller Hub chips, connecting neighboring MCMs, PCIe peripherals and other compute nodes. One rack can house up to a dozen Power 775 drawers for a total performance of 94 TFLOPS.

</doc>
<doc id="21490978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490978" title="Douglas Bell (athlete)">
Douglas Bell (athlete)

Douglas Richmond Bell (4 November 1908 – 19 October 1944) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the discus throw event and finished fifth in the hammer throw competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21490979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490979" title="Nanos, Vipava">
Nanos, Vipava

Nanos () is a dispersed settlement on Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Ravnik" to "Nanos" in 1955.
Church.
The local church, built close to Pleša Peak on Mount Nanos, is dedicated to Saint Jerome and belongs to the Parish of Podnanos.

</doc>
<doc id="21490994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21490994" title="Kory Minor">
Kory Minor

Kory Minor (born December 14, 1976) is a former American football linebacker. He played 30 games in four seasons for the Carolina Panthers. Minor was an outside linebacker at Notre Dame from 1995–1998, while recording 245 tackles, 43.5 for loss, and five interceptions. He was a seventh-round pick in the 1999 NFL Draft, selected 234th overall by the San Francisco 49ers.
A native of Inglewood, California, Minor attended Bishop Amat High School in La Puente, California, where he was a teammate of Daylon McCutcheon. He had 20 ½ sacks as a senior while earning consensus All-America notice and being named Defensive Player of the Year by "USA Today".
At Notre Dame, Minor could not live up to the great expectation, yet was steadily productive. Notre Dame coach Bob Davie called him their “best defensive player right now, based on productivity.”
Minor is currently an owner of multiple Domino's Pizza franchises in California. In the summer of 2009, he began appearing in Domino's American Legends pizza commercials. He promotes the Cali Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza in a face off against the Memphis BBQ Chicken pizza, whose promoter suggests that Minor "put some South in his mouth".

</doc>
