<doc id="21415629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415629" title="Lip-synching in music">
Lip-synching in music

Lip-synching in music is "moving the lips in synchronization with [pre-]recorded speech or song" to give the appearance of a 'live' performance. It is generally considered dishonest, though some producers argue that it needs to be done in some performance contexts. Lip-synching, also called "miming", can be used to make it appear as though actors have musical ability (e.g., "The Partridge Family") or to misattribute vocals (e.g. Milli Vanilli), to enable them to perform live dance numbers, or to cover for illness or other deficiencies during live performance. The practice of lip synching during live performances is frowned on by some who view it as a crutch only used by lesser talents.
On "American Bandstand" and most variety shows of the 1960s, vocals and instrumentals were all synced to pre-recorded music. Since the advent of MTV in the 1980s, many artists have focused on visual effects, rather than singing, for their live shows. Artists often lip-sync during strenuous dance numbers in both live and recorded performances. Some singers habitually lip-sync during live performance, both concert and televised, whereas others do lip syncing only for certain songs or types of performances.
Videos.
Because the film track and music track are recorded separately during the creation of a music video, artists usually lip-synch to their songs and often imitate playing musical instruments as well. Artists also sometimes move their lips at speed faster than that of the track so as to create videos with a slow-motion effect in the final clip, which is widely considered to be complex to achieve.
Notable exceptions to this trend include Bruce Springsteen's hit "Streets of Philadelphia", which only uses the instruments as a backing track while the vocals were recorded with a microphone attached on the singer, giving a different feel to it.
Lip-synching is almost always used in modern musical films ("The Rocky Horror Picture Show" being an exception) and in biopics such as "Ray" and "La Vie en Rose", where the original recording adds authenticity. But some early musicals usually use live recordings. And when songs appear in non-musical films, however, the actors sing live on set, but later dub their voices in ADR using a "better" performance of the song.
Complex performance.
Artists often lip-synch during strenuous dance numbers in both live and recorded performances, due to lung capacity being needed for physical activity (both at once would require incredibly trained lungs). Michael Jackson is an example of this; he performs complex dance routines while lip-syncing and live singing. His performance on the television special "" (1983) changed the scope of live stage show. Ian Inglis, author of "Performance and Popular Music: History, Place and Time" (2006) notes the fact that "Jackson lip-synced 'Billie Jean' is, in itself, not extraordinary, but the fact that it did not change the impact of the performance is extraordinary; whether the performance was live or lip-synced made no difference to the audience," thus creating an era in which artists recreate the spectacle of music video imagery on stage.
Chris Nelson of The New York Times reported: "Artists like Madonna and Janet Jackson set new standards for showmanship, with concerts that included not only elaborate costumes and precision-timed pyrotechnics but also highly athletic dancing. These effects came at the expense of live singing." Edna Gundersen of USA Today comments that the complexity of modern stage show has forced "singing and musicianship into minor roles", citing as example artists such as New Kids on the Block, Milli Vanilli, George Michael, Cher, Paula Abdul and Janet Jackson. Gundersen elaborates: "The most obvious example is Madonna's Blond Ambition World Tour, a visually preoccupied and heavily choreographed spectacle. Madonna lip-syncs the duet 'Now I'm Following You', while a Dick Tracy character mouths Warren Beatty's recorded vocals. On other songs, background singers plump up her voice, strained by the exertion of non-stop dancing."
Billboard editor Thom Duffy commented: "The expectations of fans have changed, and that's the driving force here ... They expect a concert as perfect as what they see on MTV." Rashod D. Ollison of The Baltimore Sun observes: "Since the advent of MTV and other video music channels, pop audiences have been fed elaborate videos thick with jaw-dropping effects, awesome choreography, fabulous clothes, marvelous bodies. And the same level of perfection is expected to extend beyond the video set to the concert stage. So if Britney Spears, Janet Jackson or Madonna sounds shrill and flat without a backing track, fans won't pay up to $300 for a concert ticket." Gundersen comments that while lip-syncing may be used to augment live singing, it has also been used to hide the fact that an artist may have no vocal talent whatsoever, such as Milli Vanilli, who lip-synched vocals other than their own.
Some singers habitually lip-synch during live performances, both concert and televised, over pre-recorded music and mimed backing vocals; this is known as singing over playback. Some artists switch between live singing and lip-synching during performance, particularly during songs that require them to hit particularly high or low notes. Lip-synching these notes ensures that the performer will not be out of tune and that the artist will not strain his or her voice too much during an arduous concert. Once the difficult portion of the song has passed, the artist may continue to lip-synch or may resume singing live. Some artists lip-synch choruses during songs but sing the main verses.
The practice of synching also occurs in musical theater, for much the same purpose as for musicians. A production may include a mix of lip-synched and live musical numbers. In long-running shows, this may be done to help protect the performer's voice from strain and damage, as well as to maintain a high caliber of production. A notable example of using lip-synching as a special effect includes performances of "The Phantom of the Opera", with swing actors in the same costumes as the lead actors give the illusion of the characters moving around the stage with some mystery. Artists may also lip-synch in situations in which their backup bands and sound systems cannot be accommodated, such as the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which features popular singers lip-synching while riding floats.
Some artists may choose to lip-synch during live performance because of stage fright or perceptions of inadequacy. Unlike studio recording, live performance provides only one chance to sing each song correctly. An artist may worry that his or her voice is not strong enough, that it will sound noticeably different from recorded versions or that he or she will hit a wrong note. Sometimes lip-synching is falsely identified by fans sitting in the back of a stadium seeing a drummer hit a kit before they actually hear the sound; the delay can be mistaken for poor synchronization.
For irony and effect.
Lip-synching, as a form of musical pantomime – in which the performer moves his or her mouth to a recording – is often performed by drag queens and, more recently, drag kings; Lypsinka has starred in movies and several touring shows. Other artists have chosen to lip-synch quite obviously for comedic value. During short, pre-recorded performances, such as guest appearances on a TV show, some artists purposely include in-jokes like swapping instruments among band members or desynching their instruments in obviously erroneous ways, as a protest against being requested to lip-synch a performance. A famous example is an Iron Maiden appearance on a German TV show in 1986.
A number of artists, such as Nirvana, Oasis, Muse and Travis, have also made similar mock performances in the British TV show Top of the Pops.
Legal and ethical aspects.
In the Australian state of New South Wales, the government is considering new laws that would require pop singers to print disclaimers on tickets "to alert fans if singers intend on miming throughout their shows". Fair Trading Minister Virginia Judge stated that "Let's be clear – live means live." Minister Judge stated that "If you are spending up to $200 concert tickets, I think you deserve better than a film clip". She indicated that "The NSW Government would be happy to look at options, such as a disclaimer on a ticket which would warn consumers a performance is completely pre-recorded."
A writer on ethics calls lip-syncing an "affront to all legitimate live performers who risk lyric mistakes and cracking voices to give an authentic performance". The author argues that lip-syncing in live concerts will "...destroy our ability to enjoy great live performances the way we once could, thrilling to the certain knowledge that we are witnessing something extraordinary from a great talent". The author argues that this "...makes lip-syncing in public performances wrong. Not only is the audience being lied to; it is being made cynical".
Notable occurrences.
Britney Spears.
In 2009, US pop singer Britney Spears was " 'extremely upset' over the savaging she has received after lip-synching at her Australian shows", where ABC news Australia reported that "fans ...stormed out of Perth's Burswood Dome after only a few songs". Reuters reports that Britney Spears "is, and always has been, about blatant, unapologetic lip-synching". The article claims that "at the New York stop of her anticipated comeback tour, Spears used her actual vocal chords only three times – twice to thank the crowd, and once to sing a ballad (though the vocals during that number were questionable, as well)". "Rolling Stone" magazine stated that "Though some reports indicate Spears did some live singing [in her 2009 concerts, the "L.A. Times" Ann Powers notes that the show was dominated by backing tracks (which granted, is not the same thing as miming)".
Luciano Pavarotti at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
On February 10, 2006, Luciano Pavarotti sang "Nessun Dorma" at the 2006 Winter Olympics opening ceremony in Turin, Italy at his final performance. In the last act of the opening ceremony, his performance received the longest and loudest ovation of the night from the international crowd. Leone Magiera, who directed the performance, revealed in his 2008 memoirs, "Pavarotti Visto da Vicino", that the performance was prerecorded weeks earlier. "The orchestra pretended to play for the audience, I pretended to conduct and Luciano pretended to sing. The effect was wonderful," he wrote. Pavarotti's manager, Terri Robson, said that the tenor had turned the Winter Olympic Committee's invitation down several times because it would have been impossible to sing late at night in the sub-zero conditions of Turin in February. The committee eventually persuaded him to take part by pre-recording the song.
Queen at Sanremo Festival 1984.
The band Queen used playback at a 1984 performance at the Sanremo Festival in the Ariston Theatre in Sanremo, Italy when they performed the song Radio Ga Ga from their album The Works.
Ashlee Simpson "Saturday Night Live" appearance in 2004.
Ashlee Simpson appeared as a musical guest on Episode 568 of "Saturday Night Live" (October 23–24, 2004), and, as is customary for the show's format, she was scheduled to perform two songs. Her first song, "Pieces of Me", was performed without problems. However, when she began her second song, "Autobiography", the vocals for the song "Pieces of Me" were heard once again, before she had raised the microphone to her mouth. Simpson began to dance, but then left the stage while the band (not a recording) continued playing.
During her performance, "she was revealed to apparently be lip-synching". According to "her manager-father[,]...his daughter needed the help because acid reflux disease had made her voice hoarse." Her manager stated that "Just like any artist in America, she has a backing track that she pushes so you don’t have to hear her croak through a song on national television." During the incident, vocal parts from a previously-performed song began to sound while the singer was "holding her microphone at her waist"; she made "some exaggerated hopping dance moves, then walked off the stage".
Milli Vanilli.
In 1990, during a live performance recorded by MTV at the Lake Compounce theme park in Bristol, Connecticut, the recording of Milli Vanilli's song "Girl You Know It's True" jammed and began to skip, repeating the partial line "Girl, you know it's…" over and over.
Due to rising public questions regarding the source of talent in the group, owner Frank Farian confessed to reporters on November 12, 1990, that Morvan and Pilatus did not actually sing on the records. As a result of American media pressure, Milli Vanilli's Grammy was withdrawn four days later and Arista Records dropped the act from its roster and deleted their album and its masters from their catalog, taking "Girl You Know It's True" out of print.
After these details emerged, at least 26 different lawsuits were filed under various U.S. consumer fraud protection laws. On August 28, a settlement was approved that refunded those who attended concerts along with those who bought Milli Vanilli recordings. An estimated 10 million buyers were eligible to claim a refund.
2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
In the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, the song "Ode to the Motherland" appeared to be sung by Lin Miaoke at the ceremony, but it emerged that she mimed her performance to a recording by another girl, Yang Peiyi, who actually won the audition. It was a last minute decision to use lip-synching, following a Politburo member's objection to Yang's physical appearance.
Indian cinema.
Indian cinema relies heavily on lip synching. Lip synching by a Playback Singer is almost exclusively used in Indian cinema, where actors perform song and dance sequences in movies while lip-synching to the song that is sung by playback singers. The playback singers are officially recognised, and have gained much fame in their careers. Some notables among them are Lata Mangeshkar, Kishore Kumar, Muhammad Rafi, Asha Bhosle, and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="21415633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415633" title="Transition (John Miles album)">
Transition (John Miles album)

Transition is the seventh solo album of John Miles in 1985. In early 1984, Miles began to work on songs for his next album and went on tour to promote his current album "Play On". In late spring 1984, Miles and Marshall wrote more songs from the album while their manager was looking for a new record label.
Some time later, while he was performing in a residence in Ibiza, Miles met Phil Carson, who was an executive from Atlantic Records. He signed Miles to a new record label, Valentino.
Miles and Marshall started to work with producer Trevor Rabin. Rabin, who had other commitments, only produced two tracks for them ("Blinded" and "I Need Your Love"). Miles did not want another long delay like with the previous album, he continued recording with engineer Pat Moran (who produced all other tracks except "Watching on Me" which was produced by Beau Hill) in Wales. "Blinded" and "I Need Your Love" were released as singles, but both failed to chart in the U.K, just like the album.
Tracklisting.
All songs written by Marshall/Miles

</doc>
<doc id="21415645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415645" title="Madness Under the Royal Palms">
Madness Under the Royal Palms

Madness Under The Royal Palms - Love and Death in Palm Beach is a book by author Laurence Leamer, published by Hyperion, and released on January 20, 2009.
Overview.
The book is a historical and anthropological study of Palm Beach, Florida, the social cliques and special interests; and biographies of some of the notable residents who, according to Leamer, represent the Palm Beach experience.
Palm Beach is an island to the East of West Palm Beach, connected to the mainland by a series of bridges over the Intracoastal Waterway.
It is also a social island and shares little resemblance with the mainland. It is home to some of the wealthiest families in the world, including Donald Trump and a high density of billionaires.
Description.
Bestselling author Laurence Leamer spent the winter season in Palm Beach for over a decade, witnessing from his front row seat the inner workings of this exclusive enclave. In Madness Under the Royal Palms: Love and Death Behind the Gates of Palm Beach, Leamer takes readers inside the parties and the clubs, behind the doors of the toniest addresses and into the scandals and the tragedies of some of the wealthiest families in the country. He captures the clash between old money and new, religion and status, and the love, lust, and fatal hatreds that determine the shape of that fiercely protected society.
Madness Under The Royal Palms has generated a firestorm of controversy including supposed threats against Leamer’s life and confrontations on the streets of Palm Beach recorded by a news camera [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0Sj_ToRqcE]
Leamer has put the whole matter in context most notably in a lengthy interview for WGBH Public Television in Boston [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYJbFnbROLQ]
Palm Beach Under a Microscope.
In Madness Under the Royal Palms, Leamer, best known for his bestsellers including The Kennedy Women, looks at the way wealth makes its own rules and how it creates a culture of privilege untouched by the rules governing most Americans. He was given unprecedented access to the tightly controlled hierarchy in Palm Beach’s coveted inner sanctums. He reveals the lives of the men and women who have come to this exclusive island off the coast of Florida with big ambitions and even larger checkbooks. He covers the hotly contested memberships in the “right” clubs to the rise of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago which leveled long-standing barriers with its glitz and celebration of new glamour. He hilariously writes about the architecture wars -— when the high social value of buying one of the “grand old” homes shifted to knocking those old houses down and the race to build mega-mansions in their place. And he captures the uneasy alliances that fuel marriages -– including the successive trophy wives – to the rancorous and even fatal divorces.
Leamer’s Madness Under the Royal Palms shows that money cannot buy happiness. As Leamer writes, “in Palm Beach, people chased after happiness, but like dogs chasing a mechanical rabbit in a greyhound race, no matter how fast they ran, happiness was just a few inches in front of their noses.”
Lessons From The Book.
In the end, Leamer’s tale reveals a darker strain. As he discovers the desperate hunger a billionaire has for acceptance that may never come, or the aging beauty’s struggle to redefine and keep a place in this society, he also captures a pathos and humanity in many of his subjects. There are characters that range from the doyenne of the modern drawing room who forgoes a marriage with family attending and flies to New Zealand so that Prince Phillip and Prince Edward might be present instead; the skinflint billionaire who kidnaps his first children, rewrites his own history, and then plots spectacularly against his fifth wife with a prenuptial that would have her paying him if she leaves; to the small-town daughter of a cop who becomes the gatekeeper for it all, the society columnist for the local newspaper.
Controversy following Madoff scandal.
The Bernard Madoff scandal put Leamer's book centerstage, as Madoff was a trusted Member of the wealthy Jewish community. According to Leamer, Madoff had made inroads to the Jewish elite of Boston, who unwittingly vouched for him after he gained their trust. Many members of the Palm Beach Jewish Community were wiped out by Madoff's Ponzi scheme, and this has purportedly generated a lot of resentment for Leamer, who has been publicly speaking on the particular impact the scandal has had on the Palm Beach community.
Other Controversies.
The author created a row in Palm Beach when he accused the Society Editor of the Palm Beach Daily News, Shannon Donnelly, of receiving a gift (or gifts)[http://blogs.browardpalmbeach.com/pulp/2009/02/palm_beach_author_laurence_leamer_shiny_sheet.php] from a wealthy socialite in exchange for coverage that would elevate the resident's social status. The newspaper has defended Donnelly, and the issue is currently under investigation by reporters. Publisher Joyce Reingold has criticized Madness Under The Royal Palms of inaccuracies, although specific examples were not made.
As a result of the book's popularity, Leamer has been interviewed by numerous media associations, and has openly discussed touchy subjects including the social psychology of the Island's Jewish community, anti-Semitism among the White Anglo-Saxon Protestants (WASPs), the "old money" disdain for new money, including resident and Mar-a-Lago owner Donald Trump, and a tiered caste-type system among the wealthy as reflected in the exclusive clubs. 
Leamer discusses the social scene and the backgrounds of the Island's high society clubs including the Mar-a-Lago, the Palm Beach Country Club and the Bath & Tennis Club. In his book, he claims that the elite organizations have very exclusive and discriminating acceptance policies. As a response to Leamer's portrayal of the Palm Beach Country Club, a place where Leamer says he had often been invited as a dinner guest, Leamer claims he was blacklisted from ever entering the Club. Leamer has not specifically criticized the Palm Beach Jewish Community, but many members have expressed outrage over his comments and have interpreted his words as an ethnic attack. The author has responded by stating that he is also a Palm Beach resident, with many close Jewish friends and associates; his description of the social structure, he claims, are anthropological and social observations that are common knowledge among the local community. Leamer pays many accolades to the philanthropic contributions of the Palm Beach Jewish Community both in his book and in the subsequent interviews. In his WGBH interview, Leamer stated that Bernard Madoff's impact on charities is a testimony to the charitable benefactors in the Jewish community. Had many of the Madoff investors not been Jewish, according to Leamer, the charities would not have felt such an impact. In the interview, Leamer spoke very highly of the intellectual Jewish Community of Boston, who represented a large number of the Jewish elite in Palm Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="21415646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415646" title="1972 Kent State Golden Flashes football team">
1972 Kent State Golden Flashes football team

The 1972 Kent State Golden Flashes football team represented Kent State University in the 1972 college football season. The Golden Flashes offense scored 191 points while the defense allowed 196 points. Led by head coach Don James, the Golden Flashes participated in the Tangerine Bowl. Future college head coaches Nick Saban (Alabama) and Gary Pinkel (Missouri) played on the team.

</doc>
<doc id="21415651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415651" title="Rothesay High School">
Rothesay High School

Rothesay High School is a high school located in Rothesay, New Brunswick, Canada. It is part of Anglophone South School District.
History.
Rothesay High School fills the educational needs for students in grades 9 through 12. The population of 517 students reside primarily in the town of Rothesay. The staff includes 38 teachers, 16 Teachers’ Assistants, 2 secretaries, a librarian and 4 custodians. The school offers instruction in both French Immersion and English.
The building itself is one story with a brick façade, located across the street from the former District 6 offices, and near both the Rothesay Arena and Harry Miller Middle School. It was constructed in 1951 and was called Rothesay Regional High School (RRHS), and served students in grades 7-12. In 1963 Rothesay Regional High School relocated in what is now Harry Miller Middle School and this building became Rothesay Junior High School. In 1991 the building was damaged by fire. It was subsequently renovated and expanded, reopening in September 1992 as the new Rothesay Junior High School. In 1997 the building was redesignated as a high school, graduating its first class in 2000.
Rothesay High School holds to its vision statement that it “will become a vibrant learning environment, where all students, parents, faculty and community interact to enhance their social, intellectual, emotional, and physical potential. Rothesay High School students will become life long learners and productive members of society.”
Rothesay High's first principal was Richard Forrester, who retired in 1998, the school's inaugural year. From 1998-2012, Roger Brown served as principal. Upon his retirement, Stephanie Tomilson became the school's third principal.
Activities.
Student council.
Student council Representatives are selected each spring to govern the student body during the following school year. In addition to the normal positions of President, Vice-President, Treasurer and Secretary, there are also 2 Public Relations, a Spirit rep, and representatives elected from each grade level.
Grad class representatives.
The Grad Class Representatives are similar to the Student Council however they focus more on planning events for the Graduating Class. Two Grad Class Presidents are elected from the two candidates who receive the most votes.
Events.
Rip Seeley Memorial Basketball Game.
Each year RHS's Varsity basketball teams compete against their rivals from KVHS in this Memorial Basketball Game. The location of the game alternates each year between the KVHS and Rothesay Gyms. The girls varsity teams play their game first followed by the boys game. Proceeds from the game provide a scholarship for a student.
Musical.
Each Spring since 2011, Rothesay High School has put on a musical. Students are involved in all aspects of the production, from acting on stage, to playing in the all-student band.
2011 - Fame!
2012 - Oliver!
2013 - Guys and Dolls
Grad class events.
The RHS Grad class is involved in a number of activities, both recreational and philanthropic. Each Halloween, the grad class collects food for local food banks. There are also a number of events throughout the school year targeting grads, such as pool nights, games nights, movie nights and recycling drives. Each year, graduation is held "Under the Tent". 1200 guests attend the outdoor ceremony that concludes the graduation week activities
Athletic achievements.
RHS has won a number of provincial banners in its short history, including championships in Basketball, Soccer, Golf and Cheerleading. In golf, RHS won 4 straight banners from 2004 to 2007, withdrawing from competition in 2008 due to the provincial tournament being held during school hours.
Academic achievements.
Each spring, students enrolled in Advanced placement courses write the international AP exams. Historically, students from RHS have obtained results far above national averages, with over 90% of RHS students scoring a grade of 3 or above.

</doc>
<doc id="21415660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415660" title="List of bands with more than one lead vocalist">
List of bands with more than one lead vocalist

This is a list of bands with more than one concurrent lead vocalist. A lead vocalist is defined as someone who provides significant lead vocals in the course of the band's career. It is not intended to include band members who provide only occasional lead vocal duties. The list includes notable bands from all genres of music. It is not intended to include bands where one lead vocalist has replaced another (for example Phil Collins replacing Peter Gabriel in Genesis). It does not include choirs or 'a cappella' groups which have numerous vocalists but where none are considered to be 'lead' vocalists.

</doc>
<doc id="21415678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415678" title="The Medicine Men">
The Medicine Men

The Medicine Men, formerly known as Beats By The Pound, is a Louisiana-based American music production team made up of four men.
The group is composed of the former In-house super production team (KLC, Mo B. Dick, Craig B, Odell) for Master P's No Limit Records from 1995-1999, as well as some new artists, and was responsible for the production of the majority of the releases from No Limit Records during the days it was distributed by Priority Records, which includes the production of songs by Master P, Snoop Dogg, Mystikal, Fiend, Mia X and 6 Shot. The group is based in New Orleans, Louisiana. Since leaving No Limit Records, the group operates under the company Overdose Entertainment which produces artists Fat 2sday (Calicoe The Champ, Byou2ful, Nesby Phips), The Young Hoggs (Slim reaper & Bizz), Khali. Beats by the Pound transformed No Limit Records from a little-heard underground West Coast label into a Southern powerhouse that sold over 50 million units and was nominated Producers of the Year by the "The Source" magazine awards in 1999, and ranked #1 in "The Source" magazine Power 30 producers the same year. The group signed an artist–album deal with Tommy Boy Records in the late 1999. Two years later, the group released its first album, "The Actual Meaning"—performed by "6 Shot" and released by Street Level and, in 2006, two mixtapes called "Overdose Entertainment & The Medicine Men present Live From The Infirmary Vol.1" and Calicoe the Champ, "Ground Hog Day". Also because of Louisiana Voodoo from Master P, Beats By The Pound aka The Medicine Men never really got recognize real well after leaving No Limit Records in 1999.
Biography.
KLC.
KLC is the lead producer of Beats By The Pound aka The Medicine Men. He grew up in the Melpomene Projects, and then moved into a house on Parkway Avenue in Uptown New Orleans. Lawson's father was a saxophonist, which fueled his musical interest from childhood and he was nicknamed The Drum Major even before he joined the band at Green Middle School. He became attached to the cadences of a marching band's snare—the sound that would later influence his beats. He has stated that his one-year-old daughter, Crashan, was playing with his sound equipment one day and inadvertently helped him to develop the beat for his flagship track, "Bout It, Bout It." He made his rapping debut on Mia X's "Mama's Family from the album Unlady Like. His most notable tracks include "Bout It, Bout It", "No Limit Soldiers", "Hoody Hoo" (by TRU (group)), "Make 'Em Say Uhh!" (by Master P), "Down 4 My Niggaz" (by Snoop Dogg featuring C-Murder and Magic (rapper)) and "Move Bitch" (by Ludacris featuring Mystikal and I-20). He is credited for producing hundred of songs for rap artists including Master P, Mystikal, Fiend, C-Murder, Bun B, Soulja Slim, T.I., David Banner, Ludacris, and Paul Wall. He currently produces music and also rhymes. He also owns a record label called Overdose Entertainment featuring artists Calicoe the Champ, Byou2ful, and producers DJ Don Juan, Elvin Presley and Richard Weber.
Mo B. Dick.
Mo B. Dick briefly used the pseudonym Ruhi Anubis Yazid & Raymond Poole to avoid challenges during a legal battle between Master P and No Limit Records regarding publishing rights. He is known by his fans and colleagues as the beatsmith and hooksmith for No Limit Records and is co-founder of Beats by the Pound. He is also the cousin of the hip hop mogul and former No Limit CEO Master P. The former No Limit producer comes with the solo joints, preferring down-tempo R&B over gruff, Dirty South Gangsta jams. Tracks are slow and smooth, reveling in moody keyboard soliloquies and high-pitched crooning . He released his very first solo track was on the Critical Condition album CCwaterbound called "All This Dick", second solo single was off I'm Bout It (Soundtrack) with a song called "That Thing Is On", third solo single from Various Artists - "Mean Green" called that "Tell Me When" and fourth solo single from 6 shot album The Actual Meaning called "Xxxtra Skin". He also sings the chorus on songs such as "I Miss My Homies", "Mr. Ice Cream Man", "Gangstafied" and "Pop Goes My 9". Also has new solo Mp3 singles "U Made Me Do It", "Yo Body", "2012", "Google Me, B*tch! (feat. Derhego & S.E. Trill), "Bangkok", "Shawty Wanna Strip", "Snap Out Of It", "Molly, Molly, Molly" (Git Up Outta Here!), "Dedicated 2 The Greatest" (feat. KLC), "O. I. N. D" (Often Imitated Never Duplicated), "Workaholic" (co-starring Heavy Slim), "Pricele$$" (co-starring Polar). His first solo project was the R&B-themed release "Gangsta Harmony," (1999 Priority Records). Mo B. Dick still produces, sings & raps. He Produce tracks for artists such as King Kun, R&B group The Essentials with Pure Soul, DA and Kazmere Johnson, Janelle Nadine, Lok Akim, Cash Crop, Tbks, Dubbs from the group 2 R Tina, Wonder from The Purple Pimpalishus Orchestra. He is also the Leader in the band Merge-N-Traffic, plays keyboards and sings.
Craig B.
Craig Damian Bazile (born June 8), of New Orleans, Louisiana was a member of No Limit's in-house production team, Beats by the Pound. Craig has been producing music since the early nineties. His style is Bass (sound) & Groove (music) Some of his more popular works include "The Party Don't Stop" (Mia X feat. Master P & Foxy Brown), "Woof" (Snoop Dogg feat. Mystikal & Fiend) and "It Ain't My Fault" (Silkk The Shocker & Mystikal). Still produces present day.
Odell.
Odell Vickers Jr. (born May 22), is a Louisiana-based musician who was an in-house musician for Cash Money Records before moving over to No Limit Records in the mid-1990s. One of the most notable contributions by Odell was his keyboard work on the Manny Fresh-produced "Drag ’Em N Da River" by U.N.L.V. (group), a Mystikal diss song at the time. Odell produced many of the harsh-themed, dramatic tracks that played in various movies released by No Limit, including C-Murder's first and second albums intros and outros. He sang on many Beats by the Pound -produced albums for artists such as C-Murder, Master P, Mystikal, Mr. Serv-On and Mia X. Odell also has a song and video on the "Foolish" movie soundtrack named "Nothing Stays the Same" featuring Porsha. Currently, Odell has his own firm, Dellsong RM, from which has released a project from Shreveport/Bossier artist Khali titled "Tragedy and Hope". DsRM has also released a free jazz music sampler titled "Let The Music Happen" that contains previously un-released (un-mixed) mp3 tracks "Sunset Trippin', "Stop-N-Go", "Fastlane", "Rubbasoulshoe" & "Never Alone" with more projects slated to be released from Dellsong RM #DsRM in the near future 

</doc>
<doc id="21415685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415685" title="J. P. Machado">
J. P. Machado

J. P. Machado (born January 6, 1976 in Monmouth, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played offensive guard for five seasons for the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="21415728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415728" title="Nikanassin Range">
Nikanassin Range

The Nikanassin Range s a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the eastern edge of Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada. It is developed south-east of the Fiddle Range, and one of the front ranges. "Nikanassin" means "first range" in Cree.
The range has an extent of , with a length of from north-west to south-east, and a width of . Its highest point is Climax Mountain, with a height of .
Numerous seams of coal are found in this range, with past and present mines at Cadomin, Mountain Park and Luscar.
The range gives the name to the Nikanassin Formation, a stratigraphical unit of late Jurassic age that has its stratotype in this region.

</doc>
<doc id="21415748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415748" title="Mark Gunn">
Mark Gunn

Mark Pierre Gunn (born July 24, 1968 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle in the National Football League. He played for the New York Jets (1991–1994, 1996), the New Orleans Saints (1994) and Philadelphia Eagles (1995–1996)

</doc>
<doc id="21415760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415760" title="Pat Brisson">
Pat Brisson

Pat Brisson (born January 22, 1965 in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec, Canada) is an NHLPA agent and co-head of the Hockey Division of Creative Artists Agency with partner J. P. Barry. In 2008, Brisson was named 12th most powerful agent in all of sports by the "Sports Business Journal" as well as one of the top 100 most powerful people in the National Hockey League (NHL) by "The Hockey News".
Brisson has a high profile NHL client roster, including three consecutive first overall NHL draft picks (Sidney Crosby in 2005, Erik Johnson in 2006, Patrick Kane in 2007). In the summer of 2007, Brisson negotiated over $150 million in contracts for his clients, including an eight-year $52 million deal for Daniel Brière. He has worked with Jaromir Jagr, Sergei Federov and Mats Sundin, a few of the most highly paid players in NHL history. Brisson is also the agent for Nathan MacKinnon who went first in the 2013 draft.
In the early 1990s, Brisson founded "Skate with the Pros" and "California Dreamin" -- youth hockey schools that feature NHL stars and coaches as instructors. He was an important figure in the growth of hockey in Southern California with his involvement with Iceoplex, a chain of ice rinks.
Brisson enjoyed a successful junior hockey career in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL), averaging over a point per game with the Verdun Juniors, Drummondville Voltigeurs, and Hull Olympiques, where he played for future NHL coach Pat Burns and skated with NHL great Luc Robitaille.

</doc>
<doc id="21415779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415779" title="Zitai Formation">
Zitai Formation

The Zitai Formation is a geological sequence of Middle Ordovician origin, that occurs along the southeastern edge of the Yangtze Platform in southern China. It is a purple-red limestone with a few interspersed yellow-green shale beds. It contains a fossil fauna dominated by trilobites and nautiloids.

</doc>
<doc id="21415808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415808" title="William Nast (Methodist)">
William Nast (Methodist)

William Nast (1807-1899) was a German-born religious leader and editor. He founded the German Methodist Church of the United States.
Biography.
Nast was born in 1807 June 15 in Stuttgart, Germany. He was educated at the University of Tübingen with a view to entering the ministry, but preferred literary pursuits, and after his graduation was connected with the press. Nast emigrated to the United States in 1828, taught at the United States Military Academy, and subsequently became a professor in Kenyon College, Ohio. He united with the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1835, was licensed to preach, and at the conference of that body in 1837 was appointed to establish a German mission in Cincinnati, Ohio. He proved so successful in that enterprise that in the course of twenty years German Methodist churches were established in almost every state in the Union, and in various parts of Germany, Norway, and Sweden. Beyond this Nast served as the first President of German Wallace College which eventually became Baldwin Wallace University He died in Cincinnati 1899 May 16.
Publications.
After 1859 he edited the German publications of the Methodist church, and after 1840 was in charge of the "Christian Apologist", the organ of his branch. He translated a large number of religious works into German, and was the author of "Christological Meditations" (Cincinnati, Ohio, 1858); a commentary on the New Testament in German (1860); the "Gospel Records" (1866); "Christologische Betrachtungen" (1866); and "Das Christenthum und seine Gegensätze" (1883).
References.
Presidents of Baldwin Wallace University

</doc>
<doc id="21415832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415832" title="El Hamma">
El Hamma

El Hamma ( "") is an oasis town located in the Gabès Governorate, 30 kilometers west of Gabès, Tunisia and near the eastern end of Chott el Fejej. Its population in 2004 was 34,835.

</doc>
<doc id="21415834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415834" title="1973 Kent State Golden Flashes football team">
1973 Kent State Golden Flashes football team

The 1973 Kent State Golden Flashes football team represented Kent State University in the 1973 college football season. The Golden Flashes offense scored 300 points while the defense allowed 131 points. Led by head coach Don James, the Golden Flashes were not ranked.

</doc>
<doc id="21415871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415871" title="Alex Belfield">
Alex Belfield

Alex Belfield (born 14 January 1980) is a British radio presenter, singer, comedian and entertainer. He lives in Gedling, Nottinghamshire, where he was born and went to school.
Radio career.
In September 1997, Belfield was part of the launch team of Radio 106 where he began his professional career. In 1999, he was offered a six-month contract working Nairobi, Kenya presenting 'Belfield at Breakfast' at 98.4 Capital FM. He then returned to the UK to rejoin Century 106 for a third year working on the breakfast show.
In September 2001 he joined BBC Radio Leicester as presenter and producer for 18 months. Belfield then moved to Mansfield 103.2 FM in January 2004 to present "Belfield's Lunchtime Mega Phone-in". This began his career as a talk/personality radio presenter. Belfield was fired Live on air by Managing Director, Tony Delahunty...and then mysteriously re-appeared the following day in his first of many high profile publicity stunts:
In February 2001, he launched his own production company, Alex Belfield Productions, providing bespoke celebrity programmes which have been broadcast on over 80 radio stations in the UK. His subjects have included Ozzy Osbourne, Cilla Black, Donny Osmond, Frankie Valli, Dame Edna Everage, Katherine Jenkins and Lord Sugar. Many of Belfield's interviews have made national headlines in "The Sun" newspaper, including this "car crash" interview from Kerry Katona.
In 2002, Belfield presented a special programme, "Live From New York", to mark the first anniversary of the 11 September 2001 attacks, which was broadcast on 18 BBC radio stations in the UK. Guests included Ricki Lake and the Duchess of York.
Between 2004 and 2010, he appeared on a number of radio stations, including Mercia FM, Touch FM, BBC Bristol, BBC Radio Shropshire and BBC Hereford and Worcester. Belfield also recorded programmes for 3 years for both Coastline FM in Spain and CityTalk 105.9 in Liverpool.
In 2006, he presented the breakfast show on Capital Gold in Birmingham for six weeks, before moving to London to take over the station's networked national late show called "The Late Night Revolution".
In 2009, Belfield set up a website featuring his Celebrity interviews from his career. In 2012 'Celebrity Radio' attracted three million unique page hits.
In May 2010, he joined BBC Radio Leeds to present the mid-morning show. Belfield attracted 50,000 listeners at 9am, the station peak. Within six months he achieved the highest listenership for the station in six years up 48,000.
In February 2011, Belfield was on holiday in Egypt during the uprising against Hosni Mubarak and reported on events for a number of BBC television and radio services including BBC 5Live, BBC Breakfast on BBC 1, BBC News and BBC World.
Belfield left BBC Radio Leeds in March 2011, saying "I'm not a journalist, never have been and frankly don't want to be". Since his departure the station has lost more than 700,000 listening hours and 6% Reach (Jan 2013 Rajar). He has since described his time at BBC Leeds as "the worst year of my life". Alex was featured Live on BBC Look North for Children In Need. 'Belfield's Live Challenges' raised £120,000 for the charity.
Entertainment career.
Since 1994, Belfield has worked as a touring stand-up comedian, singer, entertainer and pianist. He has also taught many choirs including the 'St Anthony's Choir' for seven years from 1995 in Nottingham.
In December 2011, Belfield made his debut on BBC Radio 2 with Sir Jimmy Savile's "last in-depth interview", recorded at Savile's home in Leeds. The interview was broadcast on Christmas Day 2011.
This final interview with Savile was originally published in "The Sun" on 31 October 2011, the day after his death, as a celebration of his life. The interview was later republished in the "Daily Star" on 12 October 2012 following the ITV Exposure programme exposing Savile as a prolific paedophile. The interview has had more than 350,000 hits on YouTube.
Belfield recorded the last interview with Andy Williams, published in the Daily Mirror following the crooner's death. He worked with the "Daily Mail", "The Sun", "Daily Star" and "Daily Mirror" in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21415924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415924" title="Todd Crannell">
Todd Crannell

Todd Crannell is a NFL and Entertainment agent. His agency, Q2 Sports and Entertainment, represents a diversified portfolio of athletes, models, celebrities and TV personalities. Some of the company's best known clients include Glen Coffee (Retired San Francisco 49ers Running Back), Bam Margera (MTV personality), Vida Guerra (model), Pauly Shore (comedian), and Kerron Clement (Olympic track & field sprinter).
Q2 Sports and Entertainment.
Todd Crannell is the President and Founder of Q2 Sports & Entertainment, a full service sports and entertainment talent agency. In his role as President, Crannell is responsible for leading the company's strategic initiatives and growing Q2's business activities. He also manages the daily operations of the NFL Division and serves as the day-to-day agent for Q2's football clients. He is duly certified by the National Football League Players Association to represent players in contract negotiations with NFL teams.
Work experience.
Before he started Q2, Crannell served as Director of the Sports Division and Sales Staff at Irene Marie Agency, a Florida based talent-agency. He also worked for the United States Department of Labor as an economist. He conducted research and co-published the economic report “Employment Situation,” which provided analysis used by both the Congress and the White House. Crannell has carried those interpretive and persuasive skills he gained as an economist with him to the NFL contract negotiation table. While in Washington D.C., Crannell also volunteered his time at Georgetown University for several years as an assistant coach for the school's track & field team.
Education.
Crannell completed his graduate school studies in England at the Oxford University. While at Oxford, Crannell completed his MBA degree. He was educated on key business skills that apply directly to client representation, such as contract negotiations, sports marketing, branding, wage data analysis, and other disciplines that sports and talent agents regularly utilize.
Crannell completed his undergraduate studies at Florida State University. There, he studied economics and also competed as a varsity track & field athlete. At FSU, he was an honor student and placed in the top 3 at the Atlantic Coast Conference Track & Field Championships. Before graduating, Crannell was named Humanitarian of the Year for the Social Science College for his service to the community [http://www.q2-agency.com/documents/Todd_Crannell_Awards.pdf].

</doc>
<doc id="21415938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415938" title="Lewis Frumkes">
Lewis Frumkes

Lewis Frumkes is an American educator, humorist and writer. He was born in Brooklyn, New York and attended a number of institutions such as New York University, Trinity College, Columbia University, and Pace University. He earned his B.A. and master's degree in English and philosophy from New York University 
Frumkes currently holds memberships with the American Society of Journalists and Authors, the National Association of Science Writers, the Authors Guild, Harvard Club of New York, Mensa, the Authors League of America, and P.E.N.
Career.
Frumkes worked as free-lance writer starting in 1976. Starting in 1986 he was a member of the faculty at Marymount Manhattan College. In 1988, Frumkes began teaching at Harvard University. That same year, he began hosting the "Lewis Burke Frumkes Show" on WNWK in New York City which subsequently became WPAT-AM]. In 2011 Frumkes moved to Hunter College in New York City where he became Director of The Writing Center CE.
Selected bibliography.
2011 Favorite Words of Famous People

</doc>
<doc id="21415968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415968" title="Chris O'Dea">
Chris O'Dea

Chris O'Dea is a documentary filmmaker with a focus on new media and global perspectives. He is an Master of Fine Arts graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. He studied documentary filmmaking under Russian filmmaker Marina Goldovskaya and was a production technician for NBC Sports during their coverage of the Salt Lake City, Sydney, Torino, Beijing and Athens Olympic Games. 
O'Dea's thesis film, "A New Normal" (35min), won Best Documentary at UCLA in 1998 and was featured at Marina Goldovskaya's Documentary Salon Series in 2000. His short film "Requiem for Tomorrow's Conscience" was a finalist in the One Nation, Many Voices Online Film Contest in 2007 and was featured at the Antimatter Festival of Underground Short Film and Video in Victoria, Canada in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21416001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416001" title="HPS6">
HPS6

Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 6 (HPS6) also known as ruby-eye protein homolog (Ru) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "HPS6" gene.
Function.
This intronless gene encodes a protein that may play a role in organelle biogenesis associated with melanosomes, platelet dense granules, and lysosomes. HPS6 along with HPS3 and HPS5 form a stable protein complex named Biogenesis of Lysosome-related Organelles Complex-2 (BLOC-2).
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene are associated with Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome type 6 characterized by albinism and prolonged bleeding.

</doc>
<doc id="21416003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416003" title="Kerry Glenn">
Kerry Glenn

Kerry Raymond Glenn (born January 3, 1962 in East St. Louis, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for seven seasons for the New York Jets and the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21416010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416010" title="Mirko Vidović">
Mirko Vidović

Mirko Vidović (Bila near Livno, December 31, 1940), is a Croatian writer from Bosnia and Hercegovina.
Early life and education.
He attended primary school at his native village of Bila near Livno in the period 1947-1951, and lower gymnasium in 1952-1955 in Odžak and Bosanski Šamac. That was the first time that his name showed up as a contributor to Sarajevan "Male novine". After finishing primary school, he enrolled to the gymnasium "S. S. Kranjčević" in Livno. As a second-grade student he participated in an anonymous contest of the periodical "Osbođenje" for a science fiction story winning the first prize, marking his the start of Vidović's life as a literary creator.
Due to the practical concerns of religious service of his faith, Vidović soon came into conflict with the contemporary Youth Committee of the SKBiH: his public act of grief for the death of the Pope Pius XII brought him he conviction of ten days in prison. Teacher's council wanted to fire him from the gymnasium staff, but by the personal guarantee of the school director, Arslan Zijadić, he nevertheless managed to finish the gymnasium in Livno. His gymnasium graduation thesis brought him again the first prize of the BiH - Anthology of the works of BiH writers signed personally by A. Vuco.
After finishing the gymnasium in Livno, due to the impossibility of attending the Faculty of Architecture in Zagreb due to financial difficulties, he entered the Faculty of Philosophy in Zadar instead. He graduated with the highest degree in December 1964.
Persecution.
After graduating the Faculty of Philosophy, and married to a French Lucienne (b. Ravit), he serves temporarily as the editor of the Cultural chronicle in Zadar's "Narodni list", in the expectation to be officially appointed as an assistant in JAZU Institute, working as a scientific researcher in the domain of history of literacy at the Adriatic coast. His home in Zadar was the birthplace of the Movement of Independent Intellectuals which gathered intellectual elite based on the principles of thinking according to one's conscience, and not by the ideological tenets. The movement, by its conception the only one of its sort in the contemporary Communist world, faced prohibition, job loss of all of its sympathisers, some of which were forced to emigrate and some of which were convicted to years of imprisonment. Organising a poll on the population problematics of Zadar he fell to disgrace of the regime and had to immediately abandon the country with his wife and kids, and leave for France, in order to evade the process of the alleged disclosing of state secrets in favour of Vatican.
Having arrived to France, he enters the collage again graduating literature and Russian at the University of Lyon. Afterwards he studies the at the Collage of Pure Philosophy, but was unable to complete his studies, having had to visit his terminally ill mother in Livno with his French passport. On his return from Livno, he was betrayed by his former colleague from he Faculty which resulted in his arrest. He was trialled on the September 3rd 1971 for the book of poetry "Hram nade" ("A temple of hope") and convicted to four years of maximum security prison. When he arrived to the KPD Stara Gradiška, the inspectors of UDBA - the Yugoslav secret service, have under the international pressure offered Vidović a deal: he would testify against the two of the intellectuals who were imprisoned after the violent termination of the Croatian Spring movement, and would be set free afterwards. Vidović refused the deal. Thus, he was again trialled in Zagreb and on March 31, 1973 he sentenced to additional three and a half years of prison because he has, during his residence in France, published his work in the issues of "Hrvatska revija" periodical, under the alleged motivation of being connected to "enemy emigration".
After three years of harsh imprisonment in the camp of Stara Gradiška he was transferred to Srijemska Mitrovica where he was kept for more than two years, enduring his punishment. After the personal intervention of the president of France, he was released on parole after spending cumulatively five years and two months in prison, and administratively expelled from Yugoslavia.
Again living abroad as a French citizen, he published memoirs of his imprisonment under the title "Skrivena strana mjeseca" ("The hidden side of the moon"). The book was reprinted twice in Croatian, and completely translated to French and Italian, and partially to English and Spanish. He was officially invited as a witness of the truth of the Communist prisons at the central of Amnesty International in London, and also in the central of the International League for Human Rights. During his prison time he wrote a book of poetry "Bijeli vitez" ("The white knight") and has managed to send it to freedom by covert channels. That book has been published abroad in Croatian and French (in Switzerland). The other books he published abroad include "Ribnjak Bethesda", "Boomerang" and "Što je to HNV".
Recognition.
At the end of 1979, following an invitation of famous colleagues from Western universities, he nominated himself at the elections of the Parliament of the Croatian National Council and was elected at the top of the list consising of thirty representatives. At the session of the III. Assembly of the CNC in London, in January 1980, he was appointed as the president of the Parliament of CNC. His industrious labour has earned him a plethora of international recognitions: Gold Medal of the city of Los Angeles, Medal of the city of Kiev, he was selected amongst the "great modern storytellers" in the proceeding 'Short story International' published by the Institute for the International Cultural Exchange in New York, has entered the American Lexicon of contemporary European writers etc. He participated at the International Poetry Meeting in Paris in 1979.
As the president of the Parliament of CNC he participated in the work of the Madrid conference and, at the end of 1980, was one of the founding members of the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights. He further participated in the work of Ottawa conference in the April 1985. He was guested in grand state institutions of the USA France, European Community etc. He was selected as the Chief Architect at the process of application of the "Final Document of the Helsinki Conference" and has been in that spirit continuing to lead the efforts of the righteous process of self-determination of the people at the territory of former Yugoslavia. In 1986 he was invited to the membership of the prestigious International Academy centered in Italy. He was promoted in 2002 to the honour of the Knight of Academy.
Works.
Vidović's bibliography consists of 1280 published works, 110 of which are written in foreign languages and published all over the world. In his Homeland he has published two collections of stories from mediaeval Bosnia - "Drijenove svirale" (1993) and "Šta je, je - šta nije, nije" - a collection of anecdotes from the time of collectivisation of Livno villages after the World War II.
42 of his books are left in manuscript, covering a variety of domains, 10 of it being dramatic pieces and 12 volumes of the Philosophy of Virtuality and Reality (epistemological analysis of modern times in all the segments of human knowledge and science).

</doc>
<doc id="21416018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416018" title="Robert Jackson (safety)">
Robert Jackson (safety)

Robert Jackson (born October 10, 1958 in Allendale, Michigan) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the 11th round of the 1981 NFL Draft. He played college football at Central Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21416022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416022" title="List of Chiefs of Naval Staff">
List of Chiefs of Naval Staff

The Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) is the highest post in the Bangladesh Navy.
List of all Chief of Naval Staff of Bangladesh Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="21416052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416052" title="Walt Williams (American football)">
Walt Williams (American football)

Walter Williams (born July 10, 1954 in Bedford Hills, New York) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League and restaurateur.
Born in the South Bronx, N.Y., Williams (and his five siblings) became wards of the state at age 7. He lived in two children’s shelters, spending most of his time at one in Westchester County, learning culinary arts and playing football.
After high school, he started hitchhiking to California but ended up in New Mexico. He attended New Mexico State University in Las Cruces, where he played football. He was a No. 1 draft pick for the Detroit Lions in the 1970s. He moved on to the Minnesota Vikings and Chicago Bears, playing a total of eight years.
He played seven seasons for the Detroit Lions, the Minnesota Vikings, and the Chicago Bears.
After retiring from football in the early 1980s, Williams started a real estate development company in New Mexico. Then the savings and loan crisis wiped out about 90 percent of his holdings, he said. He moved to Dallas, starting Sweet Georgia Brown in a boarded-up former Burger King on Ledbetter Drive because he thought a restaurant would provide steady cash flow.
The restaurant has grown from eight employees to 20 today.

</doc>
<doc id="21416097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416097" title="Anthony Marshall (American football)">
Anthony Marshall (American football)

Anthony Dewayne Marshall (born September 16, 1970 in Mobile, Alabama) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Chicago Bears, the New York Jets, and the Philadelphia Eagles. After winding down his career in the NFL, Marshall finished his football his career by playing for the Memphis Maniax of the XFL. "AM" as was his nickname is his playing days, claims Bill Parcells was one of his best coaches, and claims he would follow that man anywhere.

</doc>
<doc id="21416101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416101" title="David Hirson">
David Hirson

David Hirson (born 1958) is an American dramatist, best known for his award-winning Broadway comedies, "La Bête" and "Wrong Mountain".
Biography.
Hirson was born in New York City to actress Alice and playwright Roger O. Hirson. He was educated at the Rye Country Day School. He studied at Oxford and Yale University, where he received a bachelors degree in English literature.

</doc>
<doc id="21416103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416103" title="2001 Chalwalkote massacre">
2001 Chalwalkote massacre

2001 Chalwalkote massacre was the killing of 15 Muslim villagers in the village of Chalwalkote ( also called Kot Charwal by some sources) in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir by alleged militants on 9 February 2001.
Background.
Kashmir's Hindus, known as Kashmiri Pandits, have been an integral part of Kashmir since well before the time Islam swept through the region about 700 years ago. They speak the same language as Muslims, eat the same foods, farm the same fields, and for much of Kashmir's history the two peoples generally co-existed peacefully. In 1990, the bulk of 250,000 Kashmiri Pandits left Kashmir after being selectively targeted by the militants. Most are packed in refugee camps in Jammu. Most of the massacres by militants had targeted Hindus. The residents of the village had formed an all Muslim "Village Defence Committee" (VDC) after one local resident was executed by militants belonging to Harkat-ul-Mujahideen. The militants suspected the villagers to be informants for Indian Army.
The attack.
The miltants came at night and initially asked the villagers to hand over the female members of the village for satisfying their sexual urges. When the villagers resisted this they were attacked. The terrorists came then bolted the house of Abdullah Remo and Bashir Abdullah. Then they lobbed a grenade inside before setting the house on fire. Of the fifteen charred bodies which were recovered seven were of children the youngest one being only four years old.
Aftermath.
Chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir Farooq Abdullah condemned the killings.

</doc>
<doc id="21416136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416136" title="Lyle West">
Lyle West

Benjamin Lyle West (born December 20, 1976 in Columbus, Georgia) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the New York Giants (1999–2000) and the Kansas City Chiefs (2002–2003)
West played for the Huskies at Washington High School, graduating in 1995. He went on to play at Chabot College and San Jose State University.

</doc>
<doc id="21416146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416146" title="Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia">
Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia

Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia (CAMT) is a rare inherited disorder.
Presentation.
The primary manifestations are thrombocytopenia and megakaryocytopenia, or low numbers of platelets and megakaryocytes. There is an absence of megakaryocytes in the bone marrow with no associated physical abnormalities. 
Cause.
The cause for this disorder appears to be a mutation in the gene for the TPO receptor, "c-mpl", despite high levels of serum TPO. In addition, there may be abnormalities with the central nervous system including the cerebrum and cerebellum which could cause symptoms. 
Treatment.
The primary treatment for CAMT is bone marrow transplantation.
Bone Marrow/Stem Cell Transplant is the only thing that ultimately cures this genetic disease. Frequent platelet transfusions are required to ensure that platelet levels do not fall to dangerous levels, although this is not always the case. It is known for patients to continue to create very small numbers of platlets over time.

</doc>
<doc id="21416150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416150" title="Chrome 500 series">
Chrome 500 series

S3 Graphics Chrome 500 series is the successor of S3 Graphics Chrome S20 series, and is produced in parallel to the S3 Graphics Chrome 400.
Availability.
The 530 GT is sold from S3's store for a price of $54.95 USD. No other online stores are known to carry this model and it is out of stock as of November 6, 2009.
The 540GTX is sold from S3's Gstore for $69.95. It is similarly out of stock although a low profile version has been produced by Aopen Japan[http://aopen.jp/products/vga/CRF540GTX-256XD3.html] and is still on sale as of November 6, 2009.
Features.
The production model is with a 65 nm process, supports DirectX 10.1, OpenGL 3.0, and uses the PCI Express 2.0 interface. Chromotion engine now supports Variable length decoding, and dual-stream Blu-ray playback. Display unit includes 2 dual-link DVI transmitters with integrated HDMI (audio passthrough) and HDCP, an integrated dual channel LVDS transmitter, an integrated TV/HDTV encoder, and support for two analog CRTs. 530 GT runs at 625MHz core speed, and has 512MB of 500MHz GDDR2 memory on a 64 bit bus. The 540GTX added a Displayport in the full height version as well as increased clock and memory speeds of 800Mhz and 850Mhz GDDR3 respectively.
From Linux driver version 14.02.10 on, S3 Chrome 500 video cards support VDPAU.
Performance.
The 500MHz GDDR2 memory clock, combined with the cards 64 bit memory bus, gives it a total memory bandwidth of 8GB/s, on par with budget cards from Nvidia and AMD. Performance information released by S3 indicates the cards performance in 3dMark 2006 is comparable to an AMD HD4350.

</doc>
<doc id="21416172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416172" title="Vilis Olavs">
Vilis Olavs

Vilis Olavs (born "Vilis Plute"; 18 May 1867 – 29 March 1917) was a Latvian political theorist, writer, and humanitarian who participated in the First Latvian National Awakening of the 19th century.
Biography.
Vilis Olavs was born as Vilis Plute on 18 May 1867 in Bauska, Latvia, which was then part of the Russian Empire, to local farmers. His surname changed to Olavs in 1890. Olavs graduated from the University of Tartu in 1892 with a degree in theology, and from 1895 to 1897 he taught in Riga, but was banned from lecturing after expressing his liberal views. In the meantime, he continued his studies for several years at the Riga Technical University, until founding his own private school of commerce for young women in Riga, 1904.
Olavs was very active in Latvian politics, especially well known for his writings and social commentary on Latvian society and the First Latvian National Awakening. In the National Awakening, Latvian nationalism and the desire for self determination began to emerge. Against them stood the German gentry, who had controlled all social and economic affairs in the Baltic since the 13th century. As a student, Olavs published a prize-winning essay in which he called for "peaceful" opposition of the German gentry. Further writings and editings of his included "Latvju vēsturi līdz 12. gadsimta beigām" ("Latvian History Before 1200") and "Sēta, Daba, Pasaule" ("The Farmstead, Nature, and The Earth"). In the 1890s, Olavs was an active member of the Latvian Society of Riga, and in 1896 he organized the first-ever, Latvian ethnographic exhibit. As the editor of several journals, such as "Baltija" (published in St Petersburg), his commentary was widely read by the Latvian population.
For his support of the 1905 Russian Revolution, the Russian Imperial government tried Olavs and sentenced him to endure a year in prison. Olavs wrote "Galvenos virzienus ētikā" (Today's Trends in Ethics) while in prison (1908–1909), a sharp jab against those responsible for his incarceration.
During World War I Olavs helped the Latvian nation in the time of its greatest need. As the war rolled over Eastern Europe, Olavs organized and assumed chairmanship of the Latvian Refugee Central Committee, giving aid to hundreds of Latvian refugees in Russia. Olavs died in sanatorium in Vyborg, Finland in 1917, and was re-buried at the Forrest Cemetery in Riga in 1921, where a monument was built in his honor in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="21416202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416202" title="Telesarchus of Aegina">
Telesarchus of Aegina

Telesarchus of Aegina (; fl. 5th century BC) was one of the patrons of the Greek lyric poet Pindar. He is the father of the Cleander who won the boys’ pankration at the Isthmian Games sometime between 479 and 475 BC. Telesarchus’s brother was the father of Nicocles, who was a champion boxer.
Telesarchus commissioned Pindar to write a victory ode, or "epinikion", celebrating his son's athletic wins at both the Nemean and the Isthmian games. His nephew, Nicocles, appears to have been a grown man whose prowess is mourned posthumously; he may have died recently in battle, since the mood of the poem also captures recent losses in the wars with Persia that included the burning of Athens and the Battle of Plataea. Pindar tempers the poem's celebratory purpose with a note of mourning:

</doc>
<doc id="21416230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416230" title="Express Monopoly">
Express Monopoly

Express Monopoly is a card game released by Parker Brothers in 1993. The game consists of 42 playing card and a "game board".
40 of the 42 playing cards each represent one of the 40 spaces on the standard (Atlantic City, pre-2008) "Monopoly" Board, including cards for Chance, Community Chest, all four corners and both tax spaces.
The playing board consists of four puzzle-like pieces that attach to recreate a miniature "Monopoly" board.

</doc>
<doc id="21416245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416245" title="NGC 1023">
NGC 1023

NGC 1023 is a barred spiral galaxy and a member of the NGC 1023 group of galaxies in the Local Supercluster. Distance measurements vary from 9.3 to 19.7 million parsecs (30 to 64 million light-years).

</doc>
<doc id="21416246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416246" title="Magnetic Heaven">
Magnetic Heaven

Magnetic Heaven is a 1986 album by Wax. The album cover, painted by Jason Bradley, shows the band members.
Track listing.
All songs were written, arranged and performed by Andrew Gold and Graham Gouldman.

</doc>
<doc id="21416251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416251" title="Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department">
Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department

The Livermore Pleasanton Fire Department (LPFD) provides fire and advanced life support (ALS) services to the cities of Livermore and Pleasanton, California under the direction of Fire Chief James Miguel. LPFD is located in the east bay of Alameda County. It serves an estimated population of 163,000 (Including 80,968 in Livermore, and 70,285 in Pleasanton) over ( in Livermore, and in Pleasanton) with an operating budget of $26,600,000. In 2011 the LPFD responded to approximately 11,000 calls for service. The International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) Local 1974 represents its 112 members.
History.
In 1996 the Livermore Fire Department and Pleasanton Fire Department consolidated, creating the Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department. Chief Stewart Gary was the first Fire Chief of the department. LPFD is organized under a joint powers authority (JPA) agreement with essential support services provided by the
partner cities of Livermore and Pleasanton. 
On July 1, 2010 Engine Company 10 was closed due to budget cuts. Six open positions were eliminated. Engine Company 8 up staffed from three to four Firefighters.
On February 23, 2011 Engine Company 10 reopened with the same level of staffing as 
it had when it was shut down last year. Engine company 8 downstaffed back to three Firefighters.
On March 1, 2011 all engine companies in the City of Livermore were downstaffed to three Firefighters. Truck Company 6 is the only remaining company in Livermore staffed with four Firefighters.
The Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Department is home of the Centennial Light, a 110 year old incandescent lightbulb, and has spent much of its existence in the fire station. The 4 watt bulb was made in Shelby, Ohio by the Shelby Electric Company in 1901. It is currently illuminated, as the firefighters maintain and preserve the light bulb.

</doc>
<doc id="21416272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416272" title="Vancouveria hexandra">
Vancouveria hexandra

Vancouveria hexandra (white inside-out flower) is a perennial herb in the barberry family Berberidaceae. It is found in Washington, Oregon and California and is a common understory herb in moist, shady Douglas Fir forests. This plant grows to 12 inches with compound leaves in triplets and is usually found in dense patches. It gets its name from the small delicate white flowers with petal-like sepals that are swept back abruptly as if in the process of turning inside out. The genus honors George Vancouver, the 18th-century explorer of the Pacific Northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="21416273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416273" title="Public health problems in the Aral Sea region">
Public health problems in the Aral Sea region

After irrigation projects diverted water from the Aral Sea it began to dry up and left behind salts, other minerals and toxins in the soil. These not only contaminated the soil but also were picked up by winds and storms, and traveled to other areas, including over crop lands. This has led to increased health problems like respiratory diseases and cancers, among others. The change in the size of the Aral has also affected the local climate and resulted in increased occurrence and worsening of storms.
Background.
There is no doubt that the shrinking of the Aral Sea has resulted in health problems for the local community. However, there is debate as to what extent of these problems can be sourced to this environmental situation. The full effects could take a generation to fully materialize and patterns of health problems to show up. 
Some of the main reasons why the Aral sea area suffered greatly were from "over irrigation and water mismanagement." Environmental impacts resulting from the changes in the Aral Sea region that could affect human health are "the salinization of the water table, pesticides in the environment and food chain, dust storms and air quality."
In the Uzbek region years of mono culture agriculture of cotton fields left soils depleted of naturally occurring minerals and nutrients. This eventually led to an increased use of pesticides and fertilizers to try and counter these new soil deficiencies. However, these increased chemicals found their way into the soils, water, and finally the Aral sea. These types of agricultural activities have also "resulted in widespread soil erosion, chemical pollution, and poor water quality and quantity." 
Effects on Infant Mortality Rates.
As the sea dries up the contaminants become exposed on the surface and enter into the soil while also being blown into the air. These environmental impacts have had wide ranging effects on health of local residents. Increases in the occurrence of many diseases and conditions have been noted and linked to the shrinking of the Aral. Facing the highest risk from exposure to contaminants and toxins are infants and children. This has contributed to an increasing infant mortality rate in the area. According to Newbold the infant mortality rate is defined as "the number of deaths of infants younger than one year of age per one thousand births." 
Infant Mortality rates have been increasing in this region since the 70's, while elsewhere in the world it has generally been going down. For residents of the Aral sea region living there has led to high "exposure to industrial pollutants such as polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) compounds and heavy metals but also to pesticides." This phenomenon leading to increased infant mortality rates has been reported as high as 70 in Kazakhstan as of 1993. Toxins can come from all sources including breathing them in from the air, drinking water, and food. However, a new baby does not have much choice about what to eat or drink. It has been found that these contaminants can be passed down through breast feeding and "in a number of areas the physicians recommend against breast feeding babies, as the nursing mothers milk is toxic." 
As seen in Table 1, other surrounding countries and areas have also experienced an increase in infant mortality rates. Although there are many other factors that contribute to infant mortality rates, the environmental state in the area has a definite influence on increasing rates. When compared with developed countries these rates can illustrate differences in health care and access to health care between the areas.
List of Adverse Health Effects.
In Turkmenistan alone, 50% of all reported illnesses in children are related to respiratory system difficulties. The effects of this situation are far reaching and affect people in a wide range of ailments. Following is a list of health problems contributing to high infant mortality, death, and lower standard of living in the Aral Sea area:
Solutions.
A large concern of remediation of the area is the reduction of the blowing salt and minerals from the exposed sea bed. Some solutions include constructing dikes to control water flows and restricting the water amounts diverted for irrigation. However, the health effects have already been felt and will continue to be present for a long time even if the situation is turned around in the very near future.

</doc>
<doc id="21416284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416284" title="Goudiry">
Goudiry

Goudiry is a town in eastern Senegal.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the national railway system.

</doc>
<doc id="21416306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416306" title="Jochū Tengin">
Jochū Tengin

Jochū Tengin (如仲天誾, also 恕仲天誾; 1363-1437) was a Sōtō Zen monk. He received dharma transmission from Baisan Monpon and is considered a patriarch by the Sōtō school.
By the time of Jochū, the institution and organization of the Keizan line of Sōtō Zen was complete. His disciples, Kisan Shōsan and Shingan Dōkū, started separate dharma lineages that are honored in different temples within the school.

</doc>
<doc id="21416386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416386" title="IIHF European Cup 1974">
IIHF European Cup 1974

The 1973-1974 European Cup was the ninth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 13, 1973 and finished on September 2, 1975.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who beat Tesla Pardubice in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="21416415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416415" title="Top of the Stairs">
Top of the Stairs

Top of the Stairs (popularly known as TOTS and for a period of time in the mid-1980s and early 1990s was called The Balcony) is a bar and restaurant in Blacksburg, Virginia, near the Virginia Tech campus. Established in 1978 and located at 217 West College Ave, TOTS is popular among Virginia Tech students and alumni due to its history, proximity to campus, signature mixed drink known as the Rail, and Tuesday night karaoke.
The establishment's name comes from the large staircase leading from the street to the front entrance. The side and back feature a large balcony overlooking a lower, ground-level area with a stage and secondary bar.
Sudflood.
Each April since 1995, the Virginia Tech chapter of Pi Kappa Phi has hosted an all-day music festival at Top of the Stairs called Sudflood.
In 2007, Sudflood was used as a benefit concert in the wake of the shootings at Virginia Tech. The bands, including Carbon Leaf and Jimmie's Chicken Shack, played for free, and Pi Kappa Phi donated the proceeds to the Hokie Spirit Memorial Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="21416449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416449" title="Mary Biddinger">
Mary Biddinger

Mary Biddinger (born May 14, 1974 in Fremont, California) is an American poet, editor, and academic.
Mary Biddinger is the author of the poetry collection "Prairie Fever" (Steel Toe Books, 2007). Her poems have appeared in numerous literary magazines, including "Copper Nickel", "Crazyhorse", "Gulf Coast", "The Iowa Review", "32 poems", "Ninth Letter", "North American Review", "Ploughshares", "Weave Magazine", and "Third Coast". Her chapbook "Saint Monica" was published by Black Lawrence Press in May 2011, and her poem "Population: 41,685," originally published in "Memorious", was featured in the Dzanc Books "Best of the Web 2010". Her second full-length collection of poems, "O Holy Insurgency", was published by Black Lawrence Press in 2013, and her third full-length collection of poems, "A Sunny Place with Adequate Water" is forthcoming in 2014, also from Black Lawrence Press. 
She is an Associate Professor in the Department of English at the University of Akron, and was Director of the NEOMFA: Northeast Ohio Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing program from 2009-2012. Biddinger teaches courses in poetry writing, craft and theory of poetry, and literature.
Biddinger is the Editor of the Akron Series in Poetry, which sponsors the annual Akron Poetry Prize and publishes three poetry collections every year. She is also on the Cleveland State University Poetry Center Open Book Competition editorial jury. Biddinger also serves as co-editor, with John Gallaher, of the Akron Series in Contemporary Poetics at the University of Akron Press. The first volume, titled "The Monkey and the Wrench: Essays into Contemporary Poetics", was published in January, 2011.
In 2007, Biddinger founded "Barn Owl Review", an independent literary magazine published in Akron, Ohio.
Education.
Mary Biddinger received an Honors B.A. in English with a Creative Writing Subconcentration from the University of Michigan. She also holds an MFA in Poetry from Bowling Green State University, and a Ph.D. in English with Creative Dissertation from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Awards.
Two Ohio Arts Council Individual Creativity Excellence Awards
Illinois Arts Council Literary Award (2005)
Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences Service Award (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="21416575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416575" title="Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union">
Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union

The Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union is one of Australia's oldest rugby union organisations, with a history dating back to the mid 19th century. The union is based in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Rugby Union was established in Newcastle on 5 June 1869, when the Volunteer Artillery team (8 players) challenged United Cricket Club (11 Players). The match was played in Centennial Park (currently Lowlands Bowling Club).
On 1 May 1877, a meeting at `Ship Inn` saw the foundation of Newcastle Football Club. 1887 also saw the formation of the Wallsend and Maitland Clubs.
In 1888, a meeting of Newcastle, Advance, West Maitland, Union and Ferndale Clubs saw a branch of the Southern Rugby Football (later NSWRU in 1892) established, this was known as the Northern Branch. This was the formation of the Newcastle Rugby Union.
Early clubs in the competition included Advance (1880); West Maitland (1885); Oriental (1885); Union (1885); Ferndale (1885); Waratah (1885); Raymond Terrace (1886); Carlton (1887); Centennial (1887); Lambton (1888); Wickham Albion (1888) and Greta (1890).
In 1911, the Northern Branch disbanded but was reformed in 1912 to be known as the Newcastle Branch. During 1915 - 1924, little rugby was played due to World War I and its aftermath. After a match between GPS Old Boys (Wanderers) and Novocastrians at Empire Park in 1925 a decision was made to reform the Newcastle Rugby Union; this was beginning of the current First Grade Competition.
During the period, the Hunter Valley Rugby Union was formed which consisted of clubs like Singleton, Muswellbrook and Scone but in 1996, the Hunter Valley Zone amalgamated with Newcastle to form the current Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union.
Current Clubs.
The Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union now consists of 20 clubs across 3 Divisions plus a women's competition. There is a junior competition (Hunter Junior Rugby Union) accommodating age groups 7 through to 18.
Clubs competing in the lower First & Second Division competitions include:
Australian Test Representatives.
The following players have played a Rugby Union Test for Australia.What about those who played Rugby League for Australai.
See the 1959 Teachers' College 2nd Grade Team.
The first player from the Newcastle region to represent Australia was C.J.B. White from the Maitland Club in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="21416589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416589" title="Play with Me (album)">
Play with Me (album)

Play with Me is the debut and only studio album by Scandinavia singer Lene. The album was released on 21 September 2003. The album was released when her band Aqua split in 2001. It marked a change in her musical style, from the bubblegum sound of Aqua to a more R&B-influenced style.
Chart performance.
The album charted at #30 in Denmark and #74 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="21416590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416590" title="Magnificent Fiend">
Magnificent Fiend

Magnificent Fiend is the second album by Howlin' Rain. It was released in 2008 on the Birdman Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="21416592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416592" title="Gibeau Orange Julep">
Gibeau Orange Julep

The Gibeau Orange Julep restaurant (also known colloquially as OJ or The Big Orange) is a roadside attraction and fast food restaurant in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The building is in the shape of an orange, three storeys high, with a diameter of forty feet.
History.
The restaurant was started by Hermas Gibeau in 1932 to serve his trademark orange drink, Gibeau Orange Julep, similar but not identical to that of Orange Julius. In 1945, Gibeau built an orange concrete sphere two storeys high to house his restaurant. It is believed Gibeau intended to live in there with his wife and children.
The restaurant and its orange sphere were rebuilt larger and further back from the roadway when it was widened as the Décarie Expressway in 1966. Its shell consists of plastic segments that were ordered from a local pool manufacturer, and the whole building now lights up.
For a time, the Julep was noted for rollerskating waitresses, but customers today order food in the more conventional fashion of a fast food restaurant. Rollerblading waiters and waitresses were available as recently as the 2000s. Food can then be taken away or eaten at one of a number of provided picnic tables. The restaurant operates 24 hours a day during summer and reduced hours in winter.
Today, it also hosts classic car and motorbike enthusiasts on Wednesday nights from May–August.
Drink and company.
The drink, Gibeau Orange Julep, is now also sold via retail stores. The Big Orange was once one of several Gibeau Orange Julep restaurants in the Montreal area, many shaped like a giant orange, but now is the only one remaining. The original restaurant, established in 1928 and located on Sherbrooke street, was closed and torn down in 2009. It was not shaped like a giant orange.

</doc>
<doc id="21416596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416596" title="Boston Civic Symphony">
Boston Civic Symphony

The Boston Civic Symphony is the second oldest orchestra in Boston, Massachusetts.
History.
The Boston Civic Symphony was founded in 1924 by Joseph Wagner.

</doc>
<doc id="21416606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416606" title="Cultural analytics">
Cultural analytics

Cultural Analytics is the exploration and research of massive cultural data sets of visual material - both digitized visual artifacts and contemporary visual and interactive media. Taking on the challenge of how to best explore large collections of rich cultural content, Cultural Analytics researchers developed new methods and intuitive visual techniques which rely on high-resolution visualization and digital image processing. These methods are used to address both the existing research questions in humanities, to explore new questions, and to develop new theoretical concepts which fit the mega-scale of digital culture in the early 21st century.
History.
The term "cultural analytics" was coined by Lev Manovich in 2007. Cultural Analytics shares many ideas and approaches with visual analytics ("the science of analytical reasoning facilitated by visual interactive interfaces") and visual data analysis:
Visual data analysis blends highly advanced computational methods with sophisticated graphics engines to tap the extraordinary ability of humans to see patterns and structure in even the most complex visual presentations. Currently applied to massive, heterogeneous, and dynamic datasets, such as those generated in studies of astrophysical, fluidic, biological, and other complex processes, the techniques have become sophisticated enough to allow the interactive manipulation of variables in real time. Ultra high-resolution displays allow teams of researchers to zoom in to examine specific aspects of the renderings, or to navigate along interesting visual pathways, following their intuitions and even hunches to see where they may lead. New research is now beginning to apply these sorts of tools to the social sciences and humanities as well, and the techniques offer considerable promise in helping us understand complex social processes like learning, political and organizational change, and the diffusion of knowledge. 
While increased computing power and technical developments allowing for interaction visualization have made the exploration of large data sets using visual presentations possible, the intellectual drive to understand cultural and social processes and production pre-dates many of these computational advances. Charles Joseph Minard's famous dense graphic showing Napoleon's March on Moscow (1869) offers a 19th-century example. More recently, Pierre Bourdieu's historical survey of the cultural consumption practices of mid-century Parisians, documented in La Distinction, foregrounds the study of culture and aesthetics through the lens of large data sets. Most recently, Franco Moretti's "Graphs, maps, trees: abstract models for a literary history." along with many projects in the Digital Humanities reveal the benefit of large scale analysis of cultural material.
Current Research.
To date, cultural analytics techniques have been applied to films, animations, video games, comics, magazines, books, and other print publications, artworks, photos, and a variety of other media content. The technology used ranges from open-source programs downloadable on any personal computer to supercomputer processing and large-scale displays such as the HIPerSpace (42,000 x 8000 pixels).
Methodologies.
The methodologies which fall under the umbrella of cultural analytics includes the data mining of large sets of culturally-relevant data (such as studies of library catalogs, image collections, and social networking databases.) Image processing of still and moving video, with feature recognition as well as image data extraction is used to support research into cultural and historical change. Cultural analytical methodologies are deployed to study and interpret videogames and other software forms, both at the phenomonological level (human-computer interface, feature extraction) or at the object level (the analysis of source code.)
Cultural analytics relies heavily on software-based tools, and the field is related to the nascent discipline of software studies. While the objects of a cultural analytical approach are often digitized representations of the work, rather than the work in its original material form, the objects of study need not be digital works in themselves.
Related Methodologies.
Related Methodologies include:

</doc>
<doc id="21416636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416636" title="Sound (Roscoe Mitchell album)">
Sound (Roscoe Mitchell album)

Sound is the debut album by free jazz saxophononist Roscoe Mitchell, recorded in 1966 and released on the Delmark label. It features performances by Mitchell, Lester Bowie, Malachi Favors, Maurice McIntyre, Lester Lashley and Alvin Fielder. The CD reissue includes two takes of "Sound", which were edited together to form the original LP version, and an alternative take of "Ornette".
Reception.
"The Penguin Guide to Jazz" selected the album as part of its suggested Core Collection.
The Allmusic review by Steve Huey awarded the album 5 stars, stating, "Structurally, "Sound" heralded a whole new approach to free improvisation; where most previous free jazz prized an unrelenting fever pitch of emotion, Sound was full of wide-open spaces between instruments, an agreeably rambling pace in between the high-energy climaxes, and a more abstract quality to its solos. Steady rhythmic pulses were mostly discarded in favor of collective, spontaneous dialogues and novel textures (especially with the less orthodox instruments, which had tremendous potential for flat-out weird noises). Simply put, it's an exploration of pure sound." 
The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
Influence.
The album's influence on other improvisers was considerable: ""Sound"'s concepts of texture, space, and interaction would shortly be expanded upon in classic recordings by Anthony Braxton, Muhal Richard Abrams, the Art Ensemble of Chicago, and others; the repercussions from its expansion of free jazz's tonal and emotional palettes are still being felt".
Track listing.
Original LP.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="21416647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416647" title="Court of Chancery (disambiguation)">
Court of Chancery (disambiguation)

The Court of Chancery was a court of equity in England and Wales.
The Chancery Court of York, also known as the Chancery Court, an ecclesiastical court in the United Kingdom.
The terms Court of Chancery or Chancery Court may also refer to the following civil courts:
The terms may also refer to the following former civil courts:

</doc>
<doc id="21416688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416688" title="Tahir Albakaa">
Tahir Albakaa

Tahir Albakaa (born 1950 in Takir, Iraq) is an Iraqi historian who received his Master's degree and Ph.D in Modern History from Baghdad University. 
Albakaa worked at Al-Mustansiriya University from 1983 to 2003 and is the former President of the University. In June 2004 he was chosen as a Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research for the Iraqi Interim Government. Albakaa was a member of the Iraqi National Assembly in 2005, and a member of the Iraqi Constitution Writing Committee.
In October 2005 he went to Harvard University as a visiting scholar, and then moved to Suffolk University in 2006.
He has published six books and sixty-five papers.

</doc>
<doc id="21416696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416696" title="1932 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1932 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1932 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their third in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 2–12, winning three games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="21416717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416717" title="Project Vulcan">
Project Vulcan

Project Vulcan is a NASA/DOE funded effort under the North American Carbon Program (NACP) to quantify North American fossil fuel carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions at space/time scales much finer than has been achieved in the past. The initial purpose of the Vulcan Project was to aid in quantification of the North American carbon budget, to support inverse estimation of carbon sources and sinks, and to support the demands posed by higher resolution CO2 observations. The detail and scope of the Vulcan CO2 inventory has now made it a valuable tool for policymakers, demographers, social scientists and the public at large. 
Project Vulcan has achieved U.S. fossil fuel CO2 emissions at <10 km spatial scales and an hourly time scale, based on datasets such as air quality emissions reporting, census data, highway statistics, energy statistics, and econometric data. Furthermore, Vulcan includes significant process-level detail, dividing the emissions into economic sectors and sub-sectors in addition to 23 fuel types. It has been produced for the year 2002, and an annual product spanning 1980-2006 will be available by late-2009.
The first Vulcan inventory (v1.0) was released to the public in early April 2008. Version 1.1 was released in February 2009 and Version 1.2 is due out in early August 2009. In addition to the data release, establishment of the Vulcan website and a press release, a video of various aspects of atmospheric transport was released on Purdue University’s YouTube website and portions of the Vulcan inventory are available on Google Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="21416745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416745" title="Stray light">
Stray light

Stray light is light in an optical system, which was not intended in the design. The light may be from the intended source, but follow paths other than intended, or it may be from a source other than the intended source. This light will often set a working limit on the dynamic range of the system; it limits the signal-to-noise ratio or contrast ratio, by limiting how dark the system can be. Ocular straylight is stray light in the human eye.
Optical systems.
Monochromatic light.
Optical measuring instruments that work with monochromatic light, such as spectrophotometers, define stray light as light in the system at wavelengths (colors) other than the one intended. The stray light level is one of the most critical specifications of an instrument. For instance, intense, narrow absorption bands can easily appear to have a peak absorption less than the true absorption of the sample because the instrument is limited by the stray light level.
One method to reduce stray light is the use of double monochromators. The stray light is reduced to the product of the stray light of each monochromator, roughly from 10−3 to 10−6.
Methods have also been invented to measure and compensate for stray light in spectrophotometers. ASTM standard E387 describes methods of estimating stray light in spectrophotometers. The terms they use for this are "stray radiant power" (SRP) and "stray radiant power ratio" (SRPR).
There are also commercial sources of reference materials to help in testing the stray light level in spectrophotometers.
Astronomy.
In optical astronomy, stray light from sky glow can limit the ability to detect faint objects. In this sense stray light is light from other sources that is focused to the same place as the faint object.
Stray light is a major issue in the design of a coronagraph, used for observing the Sun's corona.
Sources.
There are many sources of stray light. For example:
Design tools.
A number of optical design programs feature the capability of modeling stray light in an optical system, for instance:
A designer can use such a model to predict and minimize stray light in the final system.

</doc>
<doc id="21416764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416764" title="Nutritional anemia">
Nutritional anemia

Nutritional anemia refers to types of anemia that can be directly attributed to nutritional disorders.
Examples include Iron deficiency anemia and pernicious anemia.
It is often discussed in a pediatric context.

</doc>
<doc id="21416796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416796" title="Khan al-Tujjar">
Khan al-Tujjar

Khan al-Tujjar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21416799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416799" title="Araneta MRT Station">
Araneta MRT Station

Araneta MRT Station is a proposed station on the MRT-7. The station would be the first MRT station outside Metro Manila, being located in City of San Jose del Monte in Bulacan.
The station would be located near the area of what is known as the site of the Colinas Verdes a premiere subdivision in San Jose del Monte, Bulacan. The area formally known as Ciudad Real is split between Tungkong Mangga & San Manuel.
The proposed terminus will be in the proposed "Super City" Real Estate Development which will be constructed by SM Prime Holdings and Palafox Associates. The 22-km, 6-lane asphalt road, to be named as Tala Access Road will connect the station to the North Luzon Expressway.

</doc>
<doc id="21416821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416821" title="List of New Orleans Saints starting quarterbacks">
List of New Orleans Saints starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's New Orleans Saints. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Saints.
Starting quarterbacks.
List of all New Orleans Saints starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:
Most games as starting quarterback.
These quarterbacks have the most starts for the Saints in regular season games (as of Week 17 of 2013 season).
Team career passing records.
"(As of Week 17 of 2013 season)"

</doc>
<doc id="21416835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416835" title="Sandai sōron">
Sandai sōron

The sandai sōron (三代相論), or third-generation differentiation, was a putative dispute over the orthodoxy and succession of Sōtō Zen Buddhism. The major figures involved were Jakuen, Gikai, Gien, and Giin, all of whom claimed the right to serve as abbot of Eihei-ji. The story of the "sandai sōron" does not appear until 150 years after it supposedly occurred, suggesting its authenticity is dubious. It seems to have been used as a just-so story to explain how Jakuen's line eventually wound up in control of Eihei-ji. The obscure term "sōron" (相論, a translation of the Sanskrit "laksana") may have been a euphemism for a third-generation schism.
Historical context.
Sōtō's founder Dōgen named Koun Ejō as his successor, but Ejō did not name a definite successor. The four monks who received dharma transmission from Ejō all made claims of friendship with Dōgen and Ejō, with various levels of honesty, and adherence to the principles of Sōtō, which were interpreted in varying ways.
It is clear that Jakuen voluntarily left Eihei-ji by himself. His monks at first remained behind, possibly contributing to the fragmentation of Jakuen's line.
Giin and Gikai also left Eihei-ji under unclear circumstances, but with more followers than Jakuen or Gien. Gikai's successor Keizan became the most famous figure of Sōtō after Dōgen, and by the early modern era, Keizan's version of Sōtō had become the only one practiced in Japan.
Gien (義演) was eventually decided to be the rightful third abbot of Eihei-ji, but he failed to make any other impact on history. In fact, by the time monastic histories were compiled, nobody remembered anything about Gien other than his role in the power struggle. The power of Eihei-ji quickly dwindled, eventually being taken over by Jakuen's disciple Giun. The Jakuen line continued to control Eihei-ji until 1468.
Jakuen school account.
Kenkō, a monk from Jakuen's line, wrote a history of Sōtō in the 15th century, in which he claimed that Jakuen was posthumously made Eihei-ji's third abbot due to the ""sandai sōron"". His disciple Kenzei elaborated on the claim, saying that after the death of Ejō, Gien occupied the abbacy by "fiat" while Gikai was in the city of Kamakura. When Gikai returned Gien had died, but he disputed the title with Gien's supporters. Unable to resolve it, the monks took the issue to the local shogun, who ruled both Gikai and Gien "former abbot"—making Jakuen, the next in line, the true abbot although he had already left Eihei-ji.
Rinzai sect accounts.
The Rinzai monk Taikyokyu, also writing in the 15th century, gave an alternate account. According to his source, when Gikai returned from Kamakura, Gien and Ejō were both alive and Gien offered him the abbacy, but Gikai refused because Gien was below him in rank. Ejō then served a second abbacy to allow Gikai to receive it from a higher ranking monk, but Gikai continued to dispute that Gien ever rightfully held the title of abbot. This account concludes by saying that Gikai left Eihei-ji voluntarily because he had enough supporters to strike out on his own.
Two other contemporary Rinzai monks related that Gikai and Gien disputed which of them was senior monk, Gikai saying that he had studied longer, and Gien saying that he was older.
Giin school account.
The final primary source comes from the Giin school and is dated a century later. This source claims that Giin voluntarily relinquished his (historically absurd) rightful claim to the abbacy, and that Ejō designated Gikai as his disciple, but that Gien challenged this investiture, claiming that he should come first because Dōgen gave him direct dharma transmission. It incorrectly says that the monks drew lots and chose Jakuen.

</doc>
<doc id="21416836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416836" title="A Man Lay Dead">
A Man Lay Dead

A Man Lay Dead is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the first novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1934. The plot concerns a murder committed during a detective game of murder at a weekend party in a country house. Although there is a side-plot focused on Russians, ancient weapons, and secret societies, the murder itself concerns a small group of guests at Sir Hubert Handesley's estate. The guests include Sir Hubert's niece (Angela North), Charles Rankin (a 46 or 47 year old man about town), Nigel Bathgate (Charles's cousin and a gossip reporter), Rosamund Grant, and Mr and Mrs Arthur Wilde. Also in attendance are an art expert and a Russian butler. Unlike later novels, this novel is more focused on Nigel Bathgate and less so on Alleyn.
During the detective game of murder, one of the guests is secretly selected to be the murderer, with a victim of his own choosing. At the time of the murderer's choice, he taps the victim on the shoulder, indicating that "You're the corpse". At that point, the lights go out, a gong rings, and then everyone assesmbles to determine who did it. It is all intended to be light-hearted fun, except that the corpse is for real.
This novel was adapted for the television series "The Inspector Alleyn Mysteries", with the most notable change being that the Angela North character was replaced by Agatha Troy, who appears in later novels as Alleyn's romantic interest.

</doc>
<doc id="21416843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416843" title="Enter a Murderer">
Enter a Murderer

Enter a Murderer is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the second novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1935. The novel is the first of the theatrical novels for which Marsh was to become famous, taking its title from a line of stage direction in "Macbeth", and the plot concerns a murder committed during the run of a play in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21416857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416857" title="Death in Ecstasy">
Death in Ecstasy

Death in Ecstasy is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1936.
When lovely Cara Quayne dropped dead to the floor after drinking the ritual wine at the House of the Sacred Flame, she was having a religious experience of a sort unsuspected by the other initiates. Discovering how the fatal prussic acid got into the bizarre group's wine is but one of the perplexing riddles that confronts Scotland Yard's Inspector Roderick Alleyn when he's called to discover who sent this wealthy cult member to her death.
Radio adaptation.
A dramatisation by John Tidyman of the novel was broadcast on BBC Radio 4's Saturday Night Theatre in September 1969, with Peter Howell as Alleyn and Gary Watson as Nigel Bathgate.

</doc>
<doc id="21416866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416866" title="Vintage Murder">
Vintage Murder

Vintage Murder is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fifth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1937. The plot centers on a traveling theatrical troupe in New Zealand. One of the cast members was a minor character in "Enter a Murderer", and refers to that case early in the story.
"Vintage Murder" was one of four Alleyn novels adapted for New Zealand television in 1977; Alleyn was played by George Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="21416871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416871" title="Brendan Hay">
Brendan Hay

Brendan Hay is an American TV writer, comic book creator and a headline producer. Hay has worked for "The Daily Show" as a headline producer and was a contributing writer for the "America (The Book)". More recently, he has written for "The Simpsons" (his first credited episode is the season 20 finale "Coming to Homerica"), "Robot Chicken" (Emmy nominated in 2011 ), "The Mighty B!", "Frank TV", and he was the head writer on the animated Star Wars comedy, "Star Wars Detours", for "Lucasfilm Animation".
Personal life.
Hay resides in Los Angeles, California with his wife, Jennifer Chen, who is a magazine editor, freelance writer, and young adult author; they have a pet cat and 2 dogs.
Comic Book Career.
Hay is a lifelong comic book fan. He wrote the full-length graphic novel, "Rascal Raccoon's Raging Revenge", from Oni Press. He writes the digital comic book series "The Dealbreakers" for "Four Star Studios" digital anthology "Double Feature". Previously, Hay wrote and created the mini-series "Scream Queen" for Boom! Studios, and wrote Boom!’s "Eureka" mini-series as well as short stories for BOOM!'s "Cthulhu Tales" and Devil's Due Publishing's "Lovebunny & Mr. Hell" and "Tromatic Tales". He also co-wrote the book "Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit?"

</doc>
<doc id="21416880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416880" title="Leo Steiner">
Leo Steiner

Leo Steiner (c. 1939 – December 31, 1987) was a Jewish American restaurateur who was co-owner of the Carnegie Deli, located next to Carnegie Hall at 55th Street and Seventh Avenue in the New York City borough of Manhattan. While his partner, Milton Parker, mostly worked behind the scenes, Steiner worked the crowd with his Jewish humor in the restaurant, which became a destination for both celebrities and tourists in the theater district.
Steiner was born in Newark, New Jersey. He worked in his parents' grocery store in nearby Elizabeth, New Jersey, where he grew up. The one-time owner of Pastrami & Things, a delicatessen located at Third Avenue and 23rd Street, he joined Milton Parker and Fred Klein in 1976, purchasing the Carnegie Deli from the trio of Bernie Gross, Max Hudas and Thomas North. Klein, whio had not been actively involved in running the business, dropped out shortly thereafter.
Under the management of Parker and Steiner, the deli became known nationwide, attracting celebrities such as Woody Allen, Jackie Mason and Henny Youngman, and opened branch locations in Atlantic City, New Jersey, Secaucus, New Jersey and Tysons Corner, Virginia.
Steiner became the public face of Jewish food, appearing in a television commercial for rye bread. He created a 60-pound "Statue of Liverty" carved from chopped liver, complete with a torch fashioned from a turkey wing, for the United States Bicentennial and was asked to prepare corned beef and pastrami for visiting heads of state attending the G7 economic summit meeting held in 1983 in Williamsburg, Virginia. Portions of Woody Allen's 1984 movie "Broadway Danny Rose" were filmed in the restaurant.
The deli's corned beef and pastrami, celebrated by smoked meat connoisseurs nationwide, were cured in the store's cellar using Steiner's own recipe in a two-week long curing process. The Carnegie Deli used a half-ton of brisket to prepare a week's supply of corned beef by the time of his death. Steiner admitted that "you could eat it after seven days, but if you wait until the 13th you're in heaven".
A resident of Manhattan, Steiner died at age 48 on December 31, 1987 at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center due to complications of a brain tumor and was buried at Gomel Chesed Cemetery in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He was survived by his wife, Irma, and his brother, Sam Steiner, who was a manager at the Carnegie Deli at the time of Leo's death and another brother Robert, a Stock Broker in Lakewood, NJ.
Steiner was eulogized by comedian Henny Youngman as "the deli lama". Many felt that the Carnegie Deli had deteriorated, even just several months after Steiner's death. Corbett Monica, a comedian featured in some of the comedic scenes of "Broadway Danny Rose" filmed at the restaurant, lamented that "It's not the same kind of warm haimish feeling since Leo passed away". Mark Simone, a radio personality at WNEW-FM reminisced that "The Carnegie used to be a party every afternoon, and the reason was Leo Steiner... You could go there any afternoon and sit with celebrities. Now it's just not happening. And a lot of those people are coming to the Stage". Even Steiner's wife, who was then involved in a protracted battle with her husband's former partner over the valuation of the business, had abandoned the Carnegie, stating that "Since Leo died, I don't feel right about going to the Carnegie".

</doc>
<doc id="21416881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416881" title="Artists in Crime">
Artists in Crime

Artists in Crime is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the sixth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1938. The plot concerns the murder of an artists' model; Agatha Troy is introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="21416883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416883" title="Massachusetts Lottery">
Massachusetts Lottery

The Massachusetts Lottery was established in 1971, following the legalization of gambling by the Massachusetts General Court, the legislature of the Commonwealth. The Lottery is administered by a commission of five members, who include the Treasurer and Receiver-General (who serves as chairperson); the Secretary of the Massachusetts Department of Public Safety; and the Comptroller, who serve on an ex officio basis. The Governor appoints the other two members.
The Lottery is unusual in withholding 5 percent on prizes over $600, instead of only over $5,000 (the Federal level.) The withholding on prizes of at least $5,000 is 30 percent.
The Lottery had come under criticism for not offering a cash option for many of its annuitized games. In 2004, then-94-year-old Massachusetts resident Louise Outing sparked controversy after she failed to win a lawsuit to have her $5.4 million Megabucks jackpot prize paid as a lump sum. (Outing died in 2006.) In May 2009, Megabucks was replaced by Megabucks Doubler, which has a cash option; beginning in June 2009, winners of annuity prizes in scratch games, including lifetime payouts, were allowed to receive a lump sum. However, there is no cash option in the New England-wide "Lucky for Life", which is an expanded version of a Connecticut game; its drawings remain in Hartford.
In "Megabucks Doubler", every 10th ticket is eligible for a doubled non-jackpot prize. The payout percentage in this game is 55%.
In-house games.
The Numbers Game.
The Numbers Game is played twice daily.
Payouts are on a pari-mutuel basis.
Keno.
Keno is played at a retailer with a monitor. Drawings are four minutes apart. Prices, prizes, and options vary.
Jackpot Poker.
This is a poker-themed game with a side bet. The basic game costs $1; a player chooses 5 of 52 "cards". If the computer-generated "hand" is a Royal Flush, the player $25,000. A $2 wager is eligible for the Progressive Jackpot option; the minimum jackpot is $100,000.
Mass Cash.
In 2011, Mass Cash expanded to daily drawings. Five numbers 1 to 35 are drawn. Top prize is $100,000 (with a $1 million liability limit.) The game is similar to neighboring Connecticut's Cash 5 basic game (without the "Kicker"). Four numbers wins $250; three numbers, $10.
Megabucks Doubler.
Megabucks Doubler is drawn Wednesdays and Saturdays. Six numbers from 1 to 49 are chosen. The jackpot starts at $500,000; unlike previous versions of the game, there is a cash option. Matching 5 out of 6 wins $2,500 ($5,000 with doubler) Matching 4 out of 6 wins $100 ($200 with doubler) 3 out of 6 wins $2 ($4 with doubler)
Former Games.
The Daily Race Game.
The Daily Game Race was played much same as Keno. It was a horserace-themed Keno-style computer monitor. The Daily Race Game ended in June 11, 2013, due to poor sales and player's preference for poker.
Cash Winfall.
"Cash Winfall" was drawn Mondays and Thursdays. Six numbers 1 to 46 were chosen. The jackpot began at $500,000; it always was paid in lump sum. Lower-tier prizes were $4000, $150, or $5 for matching five, four, or three numbers respectively; two numbers won a free "Cash Winfall" bet. If the jackpot reached $2 million and was not won, the jackpot was "rolled down" with the secondary prizes increased.
The game came under criticism due to surges of ticket sales by large investors when the jackpot reached $2 million.
Cash Winfall ended on January 26, 2012; its free bets (for matching two numbers) can be redeemed for a $2 wager in Megabucks Doubler, over one or two drawings.
Instant Tickets.
The Lottery offers scratch tickets; price points are $1, $2, $5, $10, $20 and $30. Top prizes range from $5,000 to $15 million. "Cash for Life" tickets offer the chance $500 to $10,000 a week for life.
Multi-lottery games.
Mega Millions.
On September 6, 1996, Illinois, Georgia, Virginia, Maryland, Michigan, and Massachusetts began a jackpot game, then called "The Big Game". The current name, Mega Millions, was adopted in 2002, with "The Big Game" name retired soon after. The jackpot starts at $12 million. The Megaplier option became available in Massachusetts in 2011.
Powerball.
Powerball began in 1992; Massachusetts added Powerball on January 31, 2010.
Lucky for Life.
In 2009, the Connecticut Lottery introduced "Lucky4Life", which was modified to Lucky for Life three years later when the game expanded to include Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts.
A similar game, "Cash4Life", became available in New York and New Jersey in June 2014. Other lotteries are expected to join Cash4Life.

</doc>
<doc id="21416906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416906" title="Death in a White Tie">
Death in a White Tie

Death in a White Tie is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the seventh novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1938. The plot concerns the murder of a British lord after a party.
It was adapted for television in a 1993 episode of "The Inspector Alleyn Mysteries", a BBC production. The director was John Woods, the screenwriter Ken Jones, and Alleyn was played by Patrick Malahide.

</doc>
<doc id="21416925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416925" title="KJAS">
KJAS

KJAS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21416930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416930" title="Holy Cross Abbey (disambiguation)">
Holy Cross Abbey (disambiguation)

Holy Cross Abbey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21416937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416937" title="HFE2">
HFE2

HFE2 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21416940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416940" title="Jeremy Ben-Ami">
Jeremy Ben-Ami

Jeremy Ben-Ami, born 1962, is executive director of J Street, a liberal advocacy organization in the United States whose stated aim is to promote American leadership to end the Arab-Israeli and Israel-Palestinian conflicts peacefully and diplomatically. He is also the executive director of JStreetPac, which endorses and raises money for federal candidates.
Ben-Ami was President Bill Clinton's Deputy Domestic Policy Adviser, and later Policy Director on Howard Dean's presidential campaign. He was most recently Senior Vice President at Fenton Communications. Earlier he was the Communications Director for the New Israel Fund and started the Israeli firm "Ben-Or Communications" while living in Israel in the late 1990s. Ben-Ami has worked with Jewish peace groups, including the Center for Middle East Peace and the Geneva Initiative-North America.
Ben-Ami's father, born in Tel Aviv, was a founder of the "American Friends for a Jewish Palestine" and other Zionist organizations. His grandparents were among the first settlers of Tel Aviv, where many relatives continue to live. He graduated from Princeton University and received a law degree from New York University. He married Alisa Biran in 2001. Biran, who was working in fundraising at a music school, happened to be the daughter of a cantor from Ben-Ami's childhood synagogue. Despite a near set-up by their parents, they met on a popular dating website; "We had both tried JDate and we were both disillusioned with it, so we met on Match.com."
Viewpoints.
In March 2011, Ben-Ami commented,
Ben-Ami's 2011 book "A New Voice for Israel" articulates a philosophy and an agenda for pro-Zionist, pro-peace Judaism based on religious and humanist values. He argues for a two-state solution and for U.S. efforts to promote the same. He also analyzes the dynamics and politics of Israel in the U.S. Jewish community. Reviewing the book, Sari Nusseibeh wrote "Ben-Ami provides an arsenal of logistical and moral arguments stressing that not only is Israel's occupation over another people a threat to the Zionist dream and American interests in the region, but that it also runs counter to rabbinic values...". Abraham J. Edelheit found the book's thesis to be 'not original', and that it fails to "explain how J Street will achieve anything but cementing their criticism of Israel. ". A similar view was expressed by Joseph Finlay, reviewing for "Jewish Quarterly", who wrote that Ben-Ami’s critique of contemporary American Jewish leadership is 'entirely unoriginal' and that the book is at its weakest when it attempts to describe potential solutions to the problems.

</doc>
<doc id="21416943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416943" title="Overture to Death">
Overture to Death

Overture to Death is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the eighth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1939. The plot concerns a murder during a village theatrical performance; Sergei Rachmaninoff's "Prelude in C-sharp minor" plays a prominent part in the story. So does a "Venetian Suite" by Ethelbert Nevin. The murder weapon is a pistol hidden in a piano.

</doc>
<doc id="21416947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416947" title="Henry Brown (inventor)">
Henry Brown (inventor)

Henry Brown was an African American inventor, credited with the invention of the first strongbox.
Prior to the invention, people often kept personal and valuable papers in simple wooden boxes in their homes or at local banks. These boxes provided no deterrent against burglars or bank staff reading them.
He developed a lockable, forged-metal container, divided into compartments, and patented his invention (number 352,036) on November 2, 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="21416949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416949" title="Vidović">
Vidović

Vidović or Vidovich is a South Slavic surname, particularly common in Croatia, with 6,838 carriers (2011 census).
In Croatia, it is a common surname in the middle and south Dalmatia, Međimurje, Požega, Zagorje and Banovina.
It is formed by the patronymic suffix "-ić", the possessive infix "-ov-" and the base Vid (given name).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21416955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416955" title="Matt Kramer">
Matt Kramer

Matt Kramer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21416957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416957" title="LIX1L">
LIX1L

Lix1 homolog (mouse)-like also known as LIX1L is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "LIX1L" gene. 

</doc>
<doc id="21416961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416961" title="Joe Brough">
Joe Brough

Joseph "Joe" Brough (9 November 1886 – 5 October 1968) was an English footballer. He was also an accomplished cycler and sprinter, and continued cycling right up until his death at age 81.
Able to play at half-back or as a forward, he began his professional career with Burslem Port Vale in February 1907. He transferred to Stoke later in the year, before finding himself at Tottenham Hotspur. Failing to make an impression in London, he returned to Port Vale in 1909, and scored a club record 43 goals in the 1909–10 season. This won him a move to Liverpool in August 1910, though after falling from the first team picture he moved on to Bristol City in January 1912. He again returned to Port Vale in May 1913, before he saw action in World War I in 1917. He retired from professional football in 1922, having featured in 209 competitive games for Port Vale.
Playing career.
Brough played for Smallthorne, before he joined Burslem Port Vale as an amateur in the autumn of 1906, signing professional forms in February 1907. He scored his first Second Division goal on 13 April 1907, in a 2–1 win over Hull City at the Athletic Ground. This was his only goal in 12 appearances in the 1906–07 season. The club then went into liquidation, and Brough transferred to Stoke. He appeared in just the one game for the "Potters" in 1907–08, and then went on to appear in one league and one cup game for Tottenham Hotspur in 1908.
Brough returned to Port Vale in 1909 in a centre-forward capacity, and scored a club record of 43 league and cup goals in the 1909–10 season, helping the club to the Staffordshire Junior Cup title in the process. He signed for Liverpool in August 1910, and played 11 First Division games in the 1910–11 season. He moved on from playing reserve team football at Anfield, and signed with Second Division side Bristol City in January 1912. He scored 11 goals in 22 league games for the "Robins" in 1911–12.
A third move to Vale followed in May 1913. He bagged 35 goals in the 1913–14 season, but was conscripted to fight in World War I in 1917. He was demobilised in October 1919 and continued playing for the Vale, winning the Staffordshire Senior Cup and North Staffordshire Infirmary Cup titles in 1920. He scored six goals in 25 appearances in the 1919–20 season, hit one goal in 33 appearances in 1920–21, and then scored once in nine games in 1921–22. Brough then left The Old Recreation Ground after feeling that he was too "worn out" to continue to play professional football. In all, he played a total of 209 matches (including 72 in the Football League) for Port Vale, and scored 111 goals (including 6 in the Football League).

</doc>
<doc id="21416966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416966" title="ANKRD35">
ANKRD35

Ankyrin repeat domain 35 also known as ANKRD35 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "ANKRD35" gene. 

</doc>
<doc id="21416969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416969" title="John Manzie">
John Manzie

John Manzie (born 8 December 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
As part of a strong St Kilda outfit, Manzie participated in nine finals, including the losing 1971 VFL Grand Final. He was used mainly as a wingman at St Kilda and retired after the 1975 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21416974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416974" title="ITGA10">
ITGA10

Integrin alpha-10 also known as ITGA10 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ITGA10" gene.
Function.
Integrins are integral membrane proteins composed of an alpha chain and a beta chain, and are known to participate in cell adhesion as well as cell-surface mediated signalling. The I-domain containing alpha 10 combines with the integrin beta 1 chain (ITGB1) to form a novel collagen type II-binding integrin expressed in cartilage tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="21416984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416984" title="Surfeit of Lampreys">
Surfeit of Lampreys

Surfeit of Lampreys is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the tenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1941. The plot concerns the murder of a British peer, a theme to which Marsh would return; the novel was published as "Death of a Peer" in the United States.
Its title is a reference to the manner by which Henry I of England is said to have succumbed to food poisoning, as well as the surname of the first murder victim, and his family, who fall under suspicion.

</doc>
<doc id="21416985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416985" title="POLR3GL">
POLR3GL

Polymerase (RNA) III (DNA directed) polypeptide G (32kD)-like also known as POLR3GL is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "POLR3GL" gene. 

</doc>
<doc id="21416989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416989" title="Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum">
Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum

The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum is a railroad museum located in Lenox, Massachusetts, United States, that offers historical exhibits as well as train rides up to Stockbridge on the Housatonic Railroad right of way. The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum was founded in 1984 as a not-for-profit organization. The same year, the Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum began operating passenger excursions between Lee and Great Barrington, over tracks owned by the Housatonic Railroad. Due to deteriorating track conditions, passenger operations were suspended in 1989. The excursion trains returned in 2003, based out of the restored station in Lenox, with regular schedules to Lee and Stockbridge. Special events are sometimes held in conjunction with railroad operations.
In 2011, the Housatonic Railroad announced they would not be renewing their agreement with the Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum allowing them to operate excursion trains on their tracks. Colin Pease, spokesperson for HRRC, said, "The Housatonic Railroad has determined that the continued operation of the Berkshire Scenic Railway on Housatonic-owned tracks is no longer possible." Pease could not give a reason as to why the relationship suddenly changed, though several unfounded accusations were made towards the volunteer group in the press. The matter remains unresolved as of 2012.
All of the museum's critical functions are staffed entirely by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="21416999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21416999" title="Corioliss">
Corioliss

Corioliss is a company founded in the UK in 2002 that manufactures its own electrical hair products and hair accessories. The Corioliss titanium hair straightener range are manufactured at the company's factory in Korea Corioliss was initially represented in shopping centers throughout the UK with exclusive concession stands in Harrods, Selfridges & Debenhams. In 2009, the company expanded to the United States, and as of August 2013, the Corioliss brand was represented in 46 countries worldwide. Corioliss hair straighteners & hair dryers have won various awards, such as; "Product Innovation of the Year", "Product You Can’t Live Without" in 2007, "Hair Awards Winner", "Best Creative Hot Tool" in 2010, and "Best Hair Buys" in 2011. Corioliss supplied salon styling tools for Celebrity Big Brother 2007 and 2011.
Endorsements.
Michelle Obama’s personal hair stylist Johnny Wright revealed in a 2010 InStyle magazine Q&A, “I’m in love with the Corioliss Flat Iron.” In an article explaining how to get the First Lady’s trademark elegant style. Johnny explained that he rated the Corioliss Flat Iron above all others because, “it’s made with titanium, which is less damaging than other metals”

</doc>
<doc id="21417015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417015" title="Charles Sturt University, New South Wales">
Charles Sturt University, New South Wales

Charles Sturt University is a suburb and location for Charles Sturt University's Wagga Wagga Campus is located approximately 2.5 kilometres from Estella.

</doc>
<doc id="21417017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417017" title="Death and the Dancing Footman">
Death and the Dancing Footman

Death and the Dancing Footman is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the eleventh novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1942. The plot concerns a murder committed at a country house in Dorset.

</doc>
<doc id="21417023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417023" title="Dhamma Jagoda">
Dhamma Jagoda

Dhamma Jagoda was the first Head of the Drama Unit at the National Television channel Rupavahini Corporation in Sri Lanka. He was a pioneer theater and television play director and actor In Sri Lanka. He inaugurated the first theatre school (the Lionel Wendt Kala Kendra Ranga Shilpa Shalika)at Lionel Wendt Art Centre, Colombo 7,
in the 1970s and it was the foundation for many artists who have emerged in Sri Lanka in recent years. Dhamma Jagoda was educated at Mahinda College, Galle.

</doc>
<doc id="21417042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417042" title="Colour Scheme">
Colour Scheme

Colour Scheme is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twelfth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1943. The novel takes place in New Zealand during World War II; the plot involves suspected Nazi activity at a hot springs resort on the New Zealand coast and a gruesome murder whose solution exposes the spies. Alleyn himself is working for military intelligence in their counterespionage division; it is not until the very end of the book that one of its characters is revealed to be Inspector Alleyn in disguise. Marsh's next novel "Died in the Wool" also concerns Alleyn's counterespionage work in New Zealand.
"Colour Scheme" was one of four Alleyn novels adapted for New Zealand television in 1977; Alleyn was played by George Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="21417057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417057" title="Cañon City Downtown Historic District">
Cañon City Downtown Historic District

Cañon City Downtown Historic District is a historic district in Cañon City, Colorado. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
In 1986 its borders were increased to include 602 Macon Avenue, a building with historic or current health care function.

</doc>
<doc id="21417063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417063" title="Stephen Theodore">
Stephen Theodore

Stephen Theodore (born 18 December 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.
Theodore kicked 22 goals in 1970 and was a half forward flanker in St Kilda's losing 1971 VFL Grand Final team. He played a total of ten finals games and kicked nine goals in finals football.
Once his VFL career ended, Theodore joined Tasmanian club Longford in the NTFA.
Theodore returned to Colac to captain coach the newly merged Colac-Coragulac Football Club in the Hampden Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21417064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417064" title="Nikanassin Formation">
Nikanassin Formation

The Nikanassin Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Jurassic (Portlandian) to Early Cretaceous (Barremian) age. It is present along the western edge of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in western Alberta and northeastern British Columbia. It was named by B.R. MacKay in 1929 for the Nikanassin Range of the front-central ranges of the Canadian Rockies ("Nikanassin" means "first range" in Cree). Mackay did not designate a type locality for the formation, although he described outcrops near the hamlet of Brûlé, north of the Yellowhead Highway outside of Jasper National Park.
Depositional history.
The Nikanassin Formation grades from marine sediments at the base to coastal and continental at the top. The sediments were derived from newly uplifted mountains to the west and deposited along the western margin of the Western Interior Seaway, which is represented by the marine shales of the Fernie Formation.
Lithology.
The Nikanassin consists primarily of marine sandstones interbedded with dark grey shales. The sandstones are dark grey, hard, mostly quartzose, and fine- to medium-grained. In the foothills the upper beds are nonmarine and include thin coal beds and carbonaceous shales. There are no commercially significant coal beds.
Thickness and distribution.
The Nikanassin thickens northward from the foothills near the North Saskatchewan River, reaching a maximum of about near Brûlé. From there it thins toward the east and north. It extends into the southernmost part of northeastern British Columbia, where it transitions into the Minnes Group.
Relationship to other units.
The Nikanassin is roughly equivalent to the Kootenay Group of the southern Alberta foothills and the Minnes Group north of northeastern British Columbia. It conformably overlies and interfingers with the "Passage Beds" at the top of the Fernie Formation.
A major period of regional erosion occurred after the deposition of the Nikanassin, removing some of the uppermost Nikanassin strata prior to the deposition of the overlying conglomerates of the Cadomin Formation. The contact between the two formations is thus sharp and unconformable.

</doc>
<doc id="21417068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417068" title="Died in the Wool">
Died in the Wool

Died in the Wool is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1945. The novel concerns the murder of a New Zealand parliamentarian on a remote sheep farm, said to be located near Mount Cook. Like the previous novel in the series ("Colour Scheme") the story takes place during World War II with Alleyn doing counterespionage work. The format of the book is somewhat unusual, in that Alleyn does not arrive at the scene of the murder until fifteen months after it has taken place, and much of his detecting is founded upon stories told him by the chief witnesses in the case.
"Died in the Wool" was one of four Alleyn novels adapted for New Zealand television in 1977; Alleyn was played by George Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="21417071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417071" title="1932 Chicago Cardinals season">
1932 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1932 Chicago Cardinals season was their 13th in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 5–4, winning only two games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21417077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417077" title="Armand Nicolet">
Armand Nicolet

Armand Nicolet is a Swiss luxury watch manufacturer located in Tramelan, a mountain village in the Bernese Jura. Its history dates to its foundation in 1902 by Armand Nicolet.

</doc>
<doc id="21417080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417080" title="RecentChangesCamp">
RecentChangesCamp

RecentChangesCamp was an unconference focused on wikis, held from 2006 to 2012. It was named after the "recent changes" feature that is found in most wikis. RecentChangesCamp followed an Open Space model in having a program that was determined onsite by participants.
History.
RecentChangesCamp was conceived at WikiSym 2005 as a way to replicate online wiki collaboration in the face-to-face world, using Open Space Technology, which enables participants to create the agenda on the fly, guaranteeing that all issues that participants were willing to take responsibility for were worked on to the extent possible.
The first RecentChangesCamp was held February 3–5, 2006 in Portland, Oregon, United States, with 147 people in attendance. Participants included wiki inventor Ward Cunningham. Sponsors of the 2006 event were ICANNWiki, IBESI, OSDL, Socialtext, Atlassian and IBM.
The next RecentChangesCamp was also held in Portland, from February 2–4, 2007. 
A few months later, another RecentChangesCamp was held in Montreal, from 18–20 May 2007. It was also called RoCoCoCamp, for "RencOntres sur la COllaboration, la Créativité et l'autOgestion" ("Meetings on Collaboration, Creativity and Self-Management"); the name was chosen to echo the "RCC" initials in "RecentChangesCamp", with more recognition of Montreal's French-speaking population. The theme of the event was "AccidentalLinking", a wiki pattern about surprising, serendipitous relationships between wiki writers and wiki pages. The event was held at the Société des Arts Technologiques (SAT) in downtown Montreal. 
RecentChangesCamp 2008 took place May 9–11 in Palo Alto, California, United States, at the SocialText offices. The theme of the weekend was "Assume Good Faith", and the sponsors were AboutUs.org, Atlassian, Socialtext, Solseed, Wikia, and wikiHow. 
Subsequent RecentChangesCamp events were:

</doc>
<doc id="21417090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417090" title="Swing Brother Swing">
Swing Brother Swing

Swing Brother Swing is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fifteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1949. The plot concerns the murder of a big band leader in London; the novel was published as "A Wreath for Rivera" in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21417107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417107" title="Opening Night (novel)">
Opening Night (novel)

Opening Night is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the sixteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1951. It was published in the United States as "Night at the Vulcan".
The novel is one of the theatrical ones for which Marsh was best known, and concerns the murder of an actor backstage on opening night of a new play in London. The play is being performed at the Vulcan Theatre; it was formerly known as the Jupiter Theatre, renamed after an infamous murder recounted in the Alleyn short story "I Can Find My Way Out". The old crime is referenced in the text.
Martyn Tarne, a young and inexperienced actress from New Zealand, finds herself involved in a play where her own heredity plays a significant role in a minor part. As the understudy for a minor role, Martyn is caught up when Inspector Roderick Alleyn begins investigating a murder made to appear a suicide.
The book also sees the return of Lord Michael Lamprey. A child witness in "A Surfeit of Lampreys" (American title "Death of a Peer"), he was a civilian eager to join the police force in "I Can Find My Way Out", and he appears in "Opening Night" as a police constable attached to the CID.
"Opening Night" was one of four Alleyn novels adapted for New Zealand television in 1977; Alleyn was played by George Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="21417119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417119" title="Elisabeth of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brzeg-Legnica and Cieszyn">
Elisabeth of Brandenburg, Duchess of Brzeg-Legnica and Cieszyn

Elisabeth of Hohenzollern (; 1 May/29 September 1403 – 31 October 1449), was a German princess member of the House of Hohenzollern and by her two marriages Duchess of Brzeg-Legnica and Cieszyn.
She was the eldest daughter of Frederick I, Elector of Brandenburg by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Frederick, Duke of Bavaria-Landshut.
Life.
Elisabeth married Duke Louis II of Brzeg-Legnica on 9 April 1418 in the city of Konstanz, during the Council where her father, then only Burgrave of Nürnberg, was elevated to the Electoral title from his Margraviate of Brandenburg. The union (who according to contemporary sources was very friendly) produced four children; from all, the eldest, Louis, was the only son and heir of his father. Prince Louis's early death in 1435 changed the political situation of Brzeg-Legnica: the heir apparent was Duke Louis II's only surviving nephew, Louis III of Oława, and apparently the Duke of Brzeg-Legnica didn't want to leave all his domains to him. Because of this, he arranged in his will that Elisabeth succeeded him in all his lands as her "Oprawa wdowia". As one of the wealthiest princes of his time, Duke Louis II also leave to his wife and daughters 30,000 Rhenish guilders and 10,000 Bohemian groschen. Duke Louis II died on 30 May 1436 and Elisabeth assumed the full sovereignty over Brzeg, Legnica and Złotoryja. 
On 17 February 1439 Elisabeth married again the several years younger Wenceslaus I, Duke of Cieszyn. According to the terms of the "Oprawa wdowia", after her remarriage she had lost all his rights over Brzeg-Legnica; however, Elisabeth managed to continue with her rule. She is mentioned as Duchess of Cieszyn for the first time on 5 March. 
In 1443, Elisabeth was forced to give Brzeg to Dukes John I of Lüben and Henry X of Chojnów, sons of Louis III of Oława, who had died in 1441. Both brothers claimed the inheritance of Duke Louis II as his lawful male heirs and because Elisabeth retained both Duchies illegally. In order to make a bond with him, the Duchess gave her youngest daughter Hedwig in marriage to John I. The wedding took place in February 1445.
By the time of her daughter's marriage, Elisabeth and Duke Wenceslaus I became officially separated after six years of unhappy and childless union. Elisabeth settled in Legnica, where she died four years later. Wenceslaus I survived her by twenty-five years; he never remarried.
Shortly after Elisabeth's death, the local nobility rebelled against the Piast government and sought the help of Emperor Sigismund, who placed Legnica under the direct sovereignty of the Kingdom of Bohemia. Only in 1454 could Elisabeth's grandson, Duke Frederick I of Legnica (only child of John I and Hedwig), recover Legnica from Bohemia.

</doc>
<doc id="21417147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417147" title="Petersburg, Wisconsin">
Petersburg, Wisconsin

Petersburg is an unincorporated community located in the town of Haney in Crawford County, Wisconsin, United States. Petersburg is located on the Kickapoo River south of Bell Center and is served by Wisconsin Highway 131.

</doc>
<doc id="21417155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417155" title="KACW">
KACW

KACW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21417165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417165" title="Hecht (submarine)">
Hecht (submarine)

The Hecht (German: "Pike"), also known as Type XXVIIA, was a two-man all-electric German midget submarine created during World War II.
History.
The origin of the "Hecht" began with the salvage of the two British X class submarines and which had been sunk during Operation Source, an attempt to sink the German battleship Tirpitz. "Hauptamt Kriegschiffbau" subsequently produced a design for a two-man submarine based on inspection of the British boats, designated Type XXVIIA and named "Hecht" ("Pike")
Like the British X class boats, the Type XXVIIA was designed to carry explosive charges to be laid beneath enemy ships, but it was markedly smaller and had substantial differences from the X class. It dispensed with a dual diesel/electric propulsion system, relying instead solely on electrical power in the form of a 12 hp AEG torpedo motor, on the basis that since it would operate submerged there was no need for a diesel engine. However, this resulted in a very low endurance of at .
Since the boat would need to be able to pass through anti-submarine nets and similar obstacles, it was designed without hydroplanes or fins, her trim being controlled with adjustable weights within the pressure hull. In practice this proved totally ineffective since the weights could not be moved quickly enough and hydroplanes and fins were subsequently fitted. Submerged control was still poor, since "Hecht" was not fitted with ballast tanks.
Even though "Hecht" had been designed to transport an explosive charge, Karl Dönitz insisted that a torpedo be carried so that attacks could be carried out on vessels in coastal waters and "Hecht" was designed to be armed either with an underslung torpedo or an underslung mine, and a limpet mine in the nose.
Externally, "Hecht" resembled the British Welman submarine. The detachable explosive charge was fitted to the nose of the submarine, while the forward section held the battery and a gyrocompass, the first to be fitted to a German midget submarine and considered essential for navigation if the craft was to operate submerged. Behind this was the control compartment with seats for the two man crew arranged one behind the other on the centerline with the engineer in front and the commander behind him. The commander was provided with a periscope and a clear acrylic dome for navigational purposes.
Since the craft was intended to operate almost exclusively below the surface, it was decided that it needed to be fitted with a Gyrocompass and was the first German midget submarine to be so equipped.
On 18 January 1944, Dönitz discussed the new design with Adolf Hitler who expressed his approval, and on 9 March contracts were placed with Germaniawerft of Kiel for construction of a prototype, followed by a further contract for 52 submarines on 28 March.
Fiftythree "Hechts" were built in total between May and August 1944, but their unsatisfactory performance meant they never saw action, and were mostly used for training "Seehund" crews.
The submarine could also carry a diver in the nose rather than a magnetic mine.

</doc>
<doc id="21417170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417170" title="Spinsters in Jeopardy">
Spinsters in Jeopardy

Spinsters in Jeopardy is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the seventeenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1954. The novel takes place in the countryside of France, where Alleyn is vacationing with Agatha Troy, now his wife, and their son Ricky; it concerns an unusual and sinister plot which is perpetrated against traveling spinsters. The novel was published as "The Bride of Death" in the United States in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21417171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417171" title="John La Touche">
John La Touche

John La Touche is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21417175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417175" title="Ys Strategy">
Ys Strategy

Ys Strategy is a Nintendo DS Real-time strategy game developed by Future Creates and published by Marvelous Interactive (now absorbed into its parent company, Marvelous Entertainment) in Japan and Rising Star Games in Europe, and part of the Ys series. It was released in Japan on March 23, 2006, and in Europe on December 7, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21417181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417181" title="Scales of Justice (novel)">
Scales of Justice (novel)

Scales of Justice is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the eighteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1955. The plot concerns the murder of Colonel Carterette, an enthusiastic fisherman in charge of publishing the controversial memoirs of the local baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="21417195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417195" title="Valerie Henderson">
Valerie Henderson

Valerie Kay "Val" Henderson (born 19 April 1986, in Concord, California) is an American soccer goalkeeper currently playing for the Western New York Flash of the National Women's Soccer League. 
She played four seasons as the starting goalkeeper for the UCLA women's soccer team from 2004 to 2007, and subsequently played at a professional level for Pali Blues, Los Angeles Sol and Philadelphia Independence plus Damallsvenskan side KIF Örebro before signing for the Atlanta Beat in 2012. Henderson was a member of the United States U-23 women's national soccer team. In the 2013 NWSL supplemental draft, Henderson was chosen in the third round, 31st overall, to play for the Western New York Flash in the inaugural NWSL season. 

</doc>
<doc id="21417200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417200" title="Off with His Head">
Off with His Head

Off With His Head is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the nineteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1957. The plot concerns a village festival in the English countryside, and features Morris dancing among other folkloric elements. The novel was published as "Death of a Fool" in the United States, a reference to the fact that the murder victim is playing a Fool in the festival.
The novel is classed as a locked room mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="21417215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417215" title="What Price Porky">
What Price Porky

What Price Porky is a 1938 Looney Tunes cartoon featuring Porky Pig and Daffy Duck.
Plot.
When Porky goes to feed his hens and chickens, a group of ducks steal the corn he sets out. After sending a document filled with insults from "The Ducktators" (Daffy Duck, aka "General Quacko"), war erupts between the chickens and the ducks. Newborn chicks form battalions from the moment they hatch, with the chickens digging trenches. The ducks goose-step in the marsh, saluting "General Quacks", as they use swans and geese as battlecarriers and airplanes. Porky manages to turn the tide with a machine gun improvised from a wringer washer and a bag of corn.
Production notes.
The copyright date in the opening credits reads 1937.
Availability.
What Price Porky is available on the DVD release of "The Dawn Patrol" (1938 film) and the .

</doc>
<doc id="21417239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417239" title="Singing in the Shrouds">
Singing in the Shrouds

Singing in the Shrouds is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twentieth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1959. The plot concerns a serial killer who is on a transatlantic voyage to South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21417246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417246" title="Jack Paff">
Jack Paff

Jack Kelvin Paff (born 11 May 1938) is a former Australian politician. Born in Taree, New South Wales, he served in the Citizens Military Force and rose to the position of sergeant. Before entering politics, he was a stationmaster with New South Wales Railways and then served in the Queensland Police Force. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as a member of Pauline Hanson's One Nation, representing the seat of Ipswich West. He remained in One Nation until December 1999, when he and the other One Nation MPs left the party to form the City Country Alliance under the leadership of Bill Feldman. Paff continued as party whip for the new grouping, and was the spokesperson for Law (Attorney-General), Justice and the Arts, Communication and Information, Local Government and Planning, Regional and Rural Communities, State Development and Trade. He was defeated in 2001 by Labor's Don Livingstone, whom Paff had defeated in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21417259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417259" title="False Scent">
False Scent

False Scent is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-first novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1960. The plot concerns the murder of an aging stage actress, and continues Marsh's fascination with the theater and with acting.

</doc>
<doc id="21417276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417276" title="Hand in Glove (novel)">
Hand in Glove (novel)

Hand in Glove is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-second novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1962. This story finds its way into an upper society party gone astray into the path of precarious murder.

</doc>
<doc id="21417283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417283" title="Nickey Iyambo">
Nickey Iyambo

Nickey Iyambo (born 20 May 1936) is a Namibian politician and physician. A member of SWAPO, Iyambo has been a member of the Cabinet of Namibia since independence in March 1990. He has been the Minister of Agriculture, Water and Forestry since 2005.
Early life and education.
Iyambo was born in Onayena, Oshikoto Region. He earned four separate degrees from University of Helsinki in Finland, beginning with a MSc in 1969. In 1970, he earned a MA in political science, a BA in medicine in 1974 and MD in medicine in 1980.
Career.
Iyambo was Namibia's first Black postmaster from 1962 to 1963 but fled into exile with SWAPO in 1964. He was amongst the earliest SWAPO members to go into exile and helped establish SWAPO's close relationship with Julius Nyerere's Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="21417292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417292" title="Towngas China">
Towngas China

Towngas China Company Limited (Chinese:) (), formerly Panva Gas Holdings Limited (Chinese:), is a leading market player in LPG and natural gas businesses in China. It involves in sales and distribution of LPG and piped gas, pipeline construction and user connection.
In 2006, Hong Kong and China Gas acquired 45% of shares of Panva Gas and became the largest shareholder of Panva Gas. In 2007, the company was renamed, becoming Towngas China Company Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="21417309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417309" title="Dead Water (novel)">
Dead Water (novel)

Dead Water is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-third novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1964.
The plot concerns a murder in a small coastal village, where a local spring believed to have miraculous healing properties is enriching many of the local residents who cater to those seeking healing they can't find elsewhere. Miss Emily Pride, an old teacher of Alleyn's, inherits the place from her sister and comes to inspect her new property with plans to stop what she considers to be the vulgar exploitation of gullible and desperate people. Miss Emily begins receiving anonymous threats, apparently from locals who are upset by the proposed interruption of their new-found prosperity. After Miss Emily is physically attacked, Alleyn arrives to protect his beloved old teacher but soon the situation escalates to murder.

</doc>
<doc id="21417316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417316" title="Christophe Dupouey">
Christophe Dupouey

Christophe Dupouey (8 August 1968 in Tarbes – 4 February 2009 in Tarbes) was a French mountain biker. In 1996 he won the gold medal in the men's cross country section of the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup. In 1998 he won the gold medal in the same section of the UCI Mountain Bike & Trials World Championships. Dupouey also competed in the 1996 and 2000 Olympic Games, placing 4th in Atlanta.
In 2006 he was given a suspended three-month prison sentence for participating in a trafficking network for "pot belge", a mix of cocaine, caffeine, pain killers, sometimes amphetamines and heroin.
In 2009 he committed suicide on 4 February, at the age of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="21417349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417349" title="Peter Prenzler">
Peter Prenzler

Peter Ross Prenzler (born 3 April 1952) is a former Australian politician. Born in Boonah, he served in the Royal Australian Artillery and the Citizens Military Force 1969–1971. He was a veterinary surgeon at Kalbar before entering politics. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as a member of Pauline Hanson's One Nation, representing the seat of Lockyer. He remained in the party until December 1999, when he and the other One Nation MPs left the party to form the City Country Alliance, of which Prenzler became deputy leader. In addition to the deputy leadership, he held the position of spokesperson for Health, Primary Industries, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Policy, Natural Resources, Environment and Heritage, Fair Trading and Women's Policy. He contested the 2001 state election but was defeated by One Nation candidate Bill Flynn.

</doc>
<doc id="21417356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417356" title="1932 Staten Island Stapletons season">
1932 Staten Island Stapletons season

The 1932 Staten Island Stapletons season was their fourth and final in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–6–1, winning only two games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21417358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417358" title="Cadomin Formation">
Cadomin Formation

The Cadomin Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Early Cretaceous (Barremian to Aptian) age in the western part of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It is present in western Alberta and northeastern British Columbia, and it contains significant reservoirs of natural gas. It was named after the mining town of Cadomin, itself an acronym of "Canadian Dominion Mining".
Stragtigraphy.
The Cadomin Formation is of Early Cretaceous (Barremian to Aptian) age. It is the basal unit of the Bullhead Group in northeastern British Columbia and of the Blairmore Group in Alberta. The formation is a distinctive marker horizon, and it was sometimes called the "coal conglomerate" because it was useful as a reference point for locating coal seams in the underlying Kootenay Group and the overlying Gething Formation.
Lithology.
The formation consists primarily of conglomerate, although at some localities there are minor interbeds of coarse-grained sandstone, shale, and coal. The conglomerate is typically massive and consists of well-rounded pebbles, cobbles and boulders of white, grey and green chert, and white and grey quartzite, in a matrix of quartzose sand. In some areas there are also minor pebbles, cobbles and boulders of limestone, dolostone, black argillite and, rarely, greenish volcanics. The conglomerate and sandstone beds are cemented with silica, making them very hard and resistant to erosion, so they tend to form prominent outcrops.
Environment of deposition.
Deposition of the Cadomin Formation marked the renewal of subsidence and sedimentation following a long period of uplift, exposure and erosion of older strata. The Cadomin sediments were derived from sources in the mountains to the west, and were deposited across the pediment surface by systems of alluvial fans and braided streams. It is postulated that the streams flowed generally northeastward, turning northwestward at the Fox Creek Escarpment. 
Distribution.
Outcrops near Cadomin are the type locality. The formation is exposed at the surface in the foothills of the Canadian Rockies, extending from the United States-Canada border in western Alberta to the Peace River region in northeastern British Columbia, a distance of more than . It is also recognizable in the subsurface east of the foothills. It thickens from west to east, with thicknesses ranging from to more than .
Relationship to other units.
The Cadomin Formation overlies a major regional unconformity caused by pre-Cadomin erosion, although little or no evidence of the angular nature of that unconformity is apparent in most outcrops. It rests unconformably on the Fernie Formation, the Nikanassin Formation, the Minnes Group or the Kootenay Group, depending on the location and the extent of the erosion. It is conformably overlain by the Gladstone Formation in Alberta and Gething Formation in northeastern British Columbia, and it is equivalent to the base of the Mannville Group.
Hydrocarbon production.
Natural gas is produced from the Cadomin Formation in the Deep Basin of western Alberta in the Hinton-Grande Cache-Grande Prairie area, as well as in the Cutbank area in northeastern British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21417365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417365" title="Death at the Dolphin">
Death at the Dolphin

Death at the Dolphin is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1967. The plot centers on a glove once owned by Hamnet Shakespeare, on display at a newly renovated theater called the Dolphin; the novel was published as "Killer Dolphin" in the United States. Several characters from the novel return in Marsh's final book, "Light Thickens".

</doc>
<doc id="21417395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417395" title="Clutch of Constables">
Clutch of Constables

Clutch of Constables is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fifth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1968. The plot concerns art forgery, and takes place on a cruise on a fictional river in the Norfolk Broads; the "Constable" referred to in the title is John Constable, whose works are mentioned by several characters.

</doc>
<doc id="21417397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417397" title="Congliptious">
Congliptious

Congliptious is a 1968 album by Roscoe Mitchell's Art Ensemble which later became the Art Ensemble of Chicago. It was released on the Nessa label and features performances by Mitchell, Lester Bowie, Malachi Favors, and Robert Crowder. "Tutankhamen" is a bass solo by Malahi Favors, "Tkhke" is an alto saxophone solo by Roscoe Mitchell and "Jazz Death?" is a trumpet solo by Lester Bowie with the full ensemble performing "Congliptious/Old".
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="21417425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417425" title="Volume overload">
Volume overload

Volume overload refers to the state of one of the chambers of the heart in which too large a volume of blood exists within it for it to function efficiently. Ventricular volume overload is approximately equivalent to an excessively high preload. It is a cause of cardiac failure.
Pathophysiology.
In accordance with the Frank–Starling law of the heart, the myocardium contracts more powerfully as the end-diastolic volume increases. Stretching of the myofibrils in cardiac muscle causes them to contract more powerfully due to a greater number of cross-bridges being formed between the myofibrils within cardiac myocytes. This is true up to a point, however beyond this there is a loss of contractile ability due to loss of connection between myofibrils; see figure.
Various pathologies, listed below, can lead to volume overload. Different mechanisms are involved depending on the cause, however the common theme is that of a high cardiac output with a low or normal afterload. The output may be high due to the inefficiency in valve disease, or it may be high due to shunting of blood in left-to-right shunts and arteriovenous malformations.
Left ventricular volume overload may produce inverted u waves on the electrocardiogram.
Causes.
Causes may be considered according to which chamber is affected.
Left ventricular volume overload
Right ventricular volume overload

</doc>
<doc id="21417426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417426" title="When in Rome (novel)">
When in Rome (novel)

When in Rome is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-sixth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1970. The novel takes place in Rome, and concerns a number of murders among a group of tourists visiting the city; much of the action takes place in the "Basilica di San Tommaso", which bears some resemblance to the Basilica of San Clemente, which the author visited 'when in Rome' on an Italian holiday in Summer 1968.
Marsh made extensive enquiries into forensic details and Italian police procedure, with which she admitted struggling. On receipt of the manuscript in January 1970, her agent Edmund Cork wrote to her that it was her best novel to date, a verdict with which her American agent agreed. The novel was favourably received by reviewers and sold very well.
Apart from the typically unusual and subtle murder mystery, presented within Marsh's characteristic comedy of manners, the novel gives a fine description of Rome's sights, smells and sounds, and of its multi-layered architecture and history, seen from the perspective of an exclusive group of English-speaking tourists. There is also a description of the 1968 student demonstrations, which Marsh herself witnessed briefly in Paris, and maybe this radicalism influenced this book's view of the aristocracy (of whom Marsh has sometimes been accused of a snobbishly uncritical over-fondness). The decadent Lady Sonia Braceley and her nephew The Hon. Kenneth Dorne are depicted with relish and distaste as 'la dolce vita' at its most worthless, and given short shrift by Roderick Alleyn.
Adaptations.
The novel was adapted into a 60 minutes radio play by the BBC starring Jeremy Clyde.
In 1970-1972, Ngaio Marsh worked on a stage adaptation of the novel, but this was never completed or produced.

</doc>
<doc id="21417433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417433" title="Tied Up in Tinsel">
Tied Up in Tinsel

Tied Up in Tinsel is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-seventh novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1972. The novel takes place at a country house in England over the course of a few days during the Christmas season.

</doc>
<doc id="21417461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417461" title="Black as He's Painted">
Black as He's Painted

Black As He's Painted (1974) is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh, the 28th to feature Roderick Alleyn. The plot concerns the newly independent fictional African nation of Ng'ombwana, whose president and Alleyn went to school together, and a series of murders connected to its embassy in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21417475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417475" title="Last Ditch">
Last Ditch

Last Ditch is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-ninth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1977. The plot concerns drug smuggling in the Channel Islands, and features Alleyn's son, Ricky, in a central role.

</doc>
<doc id="21417487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417487" title="Paddy Embry">
Paddy Embry

Patrick "Paddy" Embry (born 19 October 1942) is a former Australian politician. Born in Oundle in the United Kingdom, he arrived in Australia in December 1956 and became a farmer. In 2001, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for South West Region, representing One Nation. On 15 May 2003, he resigned from One Nation to sit as an independent. He co-founded the New Country Party with fellow ex-One Nation independent Frank Hough on 30 November 2004. Embry was defeated in 2005.
Embry ran for the Senate at the 2010 federal election as an independent grouped candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="21417496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417496" title="Grave Mistake">
Grave Mistake

Grave Mistake is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirtieth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1978. The plot concerns the murder of an elderly widow in a nursing home, and involves a rare, and famous, postage stamp.

</doc>
<doc id="21417509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417509" title="Roberto Holsen">
Roberto Holsen

Club career.
Holsen has played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Alianza Lima, Sporting Cristal and Cienciano.
International career.
Holsen made 22 appearances for the senior Peru national football team from 1999 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21417511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417511" title="Photo Finish (novel)">
Photo Finish (novel)

Photo Finish (novel) is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirty-first, and penultimate, novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1980. The novel takes place on a millionaire's private island in New Zealand, and features the world premiere of an opera entitled "The Alien Corn", after the Biblical story of Ruth. The novel's central character bears a striking resemblance to Maria Callas.

</doc>
<doc id="21417532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417532" title="Roger O. Hirson">
Roger O. Hirson

Roger O. Hirson (born 5 May 1926) is an American dramatist and screenwriter best known for his books of the Broadway musicals, "Pippin", for which he was nominated for a Tony Award, and "Walking Happy". He has contributed extensively for original television anthology series episodes since the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="21417543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417543" title="Allen (robot)">
Allen (robot)

Allen was a robot introduced by Rodney Brooks and his team in the late 1980s, and was their first robot based on subsumption architecture. It had sonar distance and odometry on board, and used an offboard lisp machine to simulate subsumption architecture. It resembled a footstool on wheels.
Allen used three layers of control which are implemented in subsumption architecture. ""The lowest layer of control makes sure that the robot does not come into contact with other objects."" Due to this layer it could avoid static and dynamic obstacles, but it could not move. It sat in the middle of the room, waiting for obstruction. When the obstruction came, Allen ran away, avoiding collisions as it went. It used following internal representation, and every sonar return represented a repulsive force with, and inverse square drop off in strength. Direction of its move was obtained by sum of the repulsive forces (suitably thresholded). It possessed an additional reflex which halted it whenever it was moving forward, and something was directly in its path.
""The first level layer of control (second layer), when combined with zeroth, imbues the robot with the ability to wander around aimlessly without hitting obstacles."" Owing to the second layer, Allen could randomly wander about every 10 seconds. It used simple heuristic, which was coupled with the instinct to shun barriers by vector addition. ""The summed vector suppressed the more primitive obstacle avoidance vector, but the obstacle avoidance behaviour still operated, having been subsumed by the new layer, in its account of the lower level's repulsive force. Additionally, the halt reflex of the lower level operated autonomously and unchanged.""
The third layer made the robot try to explore. Allen could look for distant places (with its sonars), then tried to reach them. ""This layer monitored progress through odometry, generating a desired heading which suppressed the direction desired by the wander layer. The desired heading was then fed into a vector addition with the instinctive obstacle avoidance layer. The physical robot did not therefore remain true to the desires of the upper layer. The upper layer had to watch what happened in the world, through odometry, in order to understand what was really happening in the lower control layers, and send down correction signals.""

</doc>
<doc id="21417549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417549" title="Light Thickens">
Light Thickens

Light Thickens is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirty-second, and final, novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1982. The plot concerns the murder of the lead actor in a production of "Macbeth" in London, and the novel takes its title from a line in the play. A number of characters in the book appeared previously in Marsh's novel "Death at the Dolphin". The novel is dedicated to the actors James Laurenson and Helen Thomas who had played Macbeth and Lady Macbeth respectively in the author's 1962 production of the play, which she had previously directed, also for The Canterbury University Players, in 1946.
The subject was close to the author's heart. In 1981 she wrote to her close friends Maureen (née Rhodes) and John Balfour that the novel had been in her mind for a long time, was 'hell' to write and would, she thought, appeal to theatre people rather than to her usual fans. Her characteristic modesty proved her wrong, as the novel sold extremely well, receiving especially favourable reviews in the USA. Her biographer describes the novel as effectively Ngaio Marsh's third production of the play.
Like Shakespeare's play, 'Light Thickens' is gory and dramatic, but apart from the traditional murder mystery at its centre, and its clever use of the theatrical superstitions surrounding 'The Scots Play' (a title her publishers favoured at one point), the book describes in absorbing detail the rehearsal, production and run of a 'flawless' production, with the backstage tensions and theatrical detail conveyed with all the author's style, verve and experience. Especially intriguing, among her usual dramatis personae of suspects, including the grandly arrogant leading man and gracious leading lady, are the characters of two actors - Rangi, the young Maori who plays one of the witches, and Gaston Sears, the obsessive fight director who also plays Seyton. Marsh fans enjoy meeting again director Peregrine Jay and his wife Emily (now parents), Jeremy Jones and the management of the Dolphin Theatre from her 1966 'Death at the Dolphin', and observing how the theatre world she describes has changed from her earlier backstage novels of the 1930s-1950s. In 'Light Thickens' she shows management dealing with chaperonage of young performers, union rules and Equity reps, a left-wing, agit-prop politico within the cast, and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="21417565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417565" title="John Fischer (politician)">
John Fischer (politician)

John Fischer (born 1947) is a former Australian politician. 
Biography.
Early life.
John Duncombe Fischer was born on June 3, 1947 in Fremantle, Western Australia.
Career.
He worked as a business owner before entering politics. 
In 2001, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for Mining and Pastoral, representing One Nation. In his inaugural speech, he criticised the privatisation of the Commonwealth Bank , suggesting it encouraged its Board Directors to close down local branches in small towns across Western Australia to increase profit, leading to the dismantling of those towns. He also criticised the privatisation of Telstra (), suggesting its Board Directors would decrease its coverage in rural Western Australia and thus making life in small towns more difficult. Additionally, he criticised the United Nations and the High Court of Australia for implementing international treaties and covenants with no say from the Western Australian population. He added that even though he was opposed to multiculturalism, he was not a xenophobe or a racist.
He served as the Vice President of One Nation until 2002, when he served as its President.
After the resignation of Paddy Embry, he and Frank Hough were the party's only MPs in Western Australia. In June 2004, he and Hough both resigned from the party to sit as independents. Fischer, unlike Embry and Hough, did not join the New Country Party and was defeated as an independent in 2005. He has subsequently contested elections affiliated with Graeme Campbell, a former Labor MP and founder of the Australia First Party.

</doc>
<doc id="21417567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417567" title="Marie Mason">
Marie Mason

Marie Mason (born January 26, 1962) is an environmental activist from Cincinnati, Ohio, who in 2009 was sentenced to 22 years in prison after admitting 13 counts of arson and property damage amounting to US$4 million. Mason, a member of the Earth Liberation Front, was prosecuted for a 1999 attack on a building at Michigan State University, East Lansing, Michigan, that caused more than US$1 million in damages, undertaken as a protest against research into genetically modified crops. A further US$3 million in damages included attacks on homes under construction, and on boats owned by a mink farmer.
Supporters claim that this case represents a form of political persecution, as part of the Green Scare phenomenon, when an overly long sentence is given to an individual who committed crimes against property.
Background.
Mason has worked as a gardener, musician, writer, Earth First! organizer and a volunteer for a free herbal-healthcare collective. She is 51 years old and a mother of two children. Mason and her husband at the time, Frank Ambrose, ignited an office that held records related to research on genetically modified, moth-resistant potatoes, funded by USAID and biotech giant Monsanto. The next day, Mason and Ambrose set fire to commercial logging equipment in Mesick, Michigan. Both arsons were claimed by the Earth Liberation Front as actions against genetic engineering, deforestation, and other environmentally destructive acts. Subsequently, Ambrose was caught and agreed to become a government informant, giving information that led to the arrest of Marie Mason. She was arrested on March 10, 2008 by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
Trial.
According to Assistant U.S. Attorney Hagen Frank, about the prosecution seeking a 20-year sentence, this would be "the most onerous sentence imposed in a case of this sort".
At the trial, the prosecution argued that "A good cause does not justify the worst means. That's not how society works."
During the three-hour hearing, Mason said, "I am genuinely sorry to those who were personally frightened by my actions. ... I meant to inspire thought and compassion, not fear." After the sentence, defense lawyer John Minock stated that he would appeal, commenting, "I'm shocked. It's grossly out of proportion to other cases."
During the sentencing, the FBI sent out a press release to the local media warning about the possibility of protests being carried out by members of the Animal Liberation Front and the Earth Liberation Front. This warning was denounced by supporters as an attempt to scare people into showing at the event to express support, as these forms of protest are not used by these sort of groups.
After sentencing, Mason was sent to segregation at the Federal Corrections Unit in Waseca, Minnesota. A month later, she was reclassified and transferred to the female Communication Management Unit in Carswell, Texas, where she was denied mail and visitors, except immediate family, for several months.

</doc>
<doc id="21417597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417597" title="Peter La Touche (died 1830)">
Peter La Touche (died 1830)

Peter La Touche (c. 1775 – 11 February 1830) was an landowner and Irish politician.
The La Touche family were originally from France and settled in Ireland after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes.
He was the son of David La Touche, MP of Marley, County Dublin and educated at Harrow School (1786–1791) and Trinity College, Dublin He succeeded his uncle Peter Latouche, MP, to Bellevue House, County Wicklow in 1828.
He became a Member of Parliament for County Leitrim 1802–1806.
He married the Hon. Charlotte Maude, daughter of Cornwallis, 1st Viscount Hawarden, with whom he had nine sons and five daughters. He was succeeded in turn by his sons Peter David and William Robert.
Peter and his brother John were governors of the Female Orphanage Kirwan House on Dublin’s North Circular Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21417606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417606" title="ŽFK LASK">
ŽFK LASK

ŽFK LASK (Serbian Cyrillic: ЖФK ЛACK) was a women's football club based in Lazarevac, Serbia. The club played in Serbia's top level league, the Prva zenska liga.
The team began playing in 2003 and had their first season in the top league in 2006/07 reaching a 9th place of 10 teams. After that the team always finished above a 6th place with the best result being a third place in 2007/08.
In 2011 LASK was absorbed by SD Crvena Zvezda, which turned it into its women's football team.
External links.
2011/12 Serbian League Runners Up
2012 Serbian Cup Runners Up

</doc>
<doc id="21417650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417650" title="Frank Hough">
Frank Hough

Francis Carson "Frank" Hough (born 12 April 1944) is a former Australian politician. Born in Subiaco, Western Australia, he was a self-employed business proprietor before entering politics. In 2001, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for Agricultural Region as a member of One Nation. After the resignation from the party of Paddy Embry in 2003, he and John Fischer were One Nation's only MPs in Western Australia. On 1 June 2004, he and Fischer both resigned from the party to sit as independents. On 30 November 2004, Hough and Embry co-founded the New Country Party, and contested the 2005 state election as such. Both were defeated. He ran as the Palmer United Party candidate for the Division of Pearce at the 2013 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="21417658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417658" title="Grant Cornwell">
Grant Cornwell

Grant Cornwell is the eleventh President of The College of Wooster, in Wooster, Ohio, USA. Previously, he was vice president and professor of Philosophy at St. Lawrence University, in Canton, New York. Founded in 1866, Wooster is a four-year liberal arts college, known for its Independent Study program which pairs every senior with a faculty advisor in the creation of a unique scholarly product.
Cornwell assumed office on July 1, 2007, succeeding R. Stanton Hales, who retired. Cornwell received his B.A. in Philosophy and Biology from St. Lawrence University. He received his Masters and Ph. D., also in Philosophy, from the University of Chicago.
Prior to coming to Wooster, Cornwell served as vice president of the university and dean of academic affairs at St. Lawrence University from 2002 to 2007. As chief academic officer, he had management responsibility for the university’s 46 academic departments and interdisciplinary programs, the university libraries and gallery, intercollegiate athletics, and information technology. 
Cornwell joined the St. Lawrence faculty as an instructor in philosophy in 1986. He served as associate dean of the first year from 1992 to 1997, and chair of the philosophy department from 1998 to 2002. 
http://postimg.org/image/3sccsdboz/
Hard at work, Cornwell can regularly be seen scooting around campuses throughout the Midwest.
Cornwell served on the national advisory board of Liberal Education and Global Citizenship: The Arts of Democracy, a three-year faculty and curriculum development initiative of the Association of American Colleges and Universities, from 2001 to 2004. He also served as a fellow of the National Learning Communities Project, a leadership group convened by the Washington Center for Improving the Quality of Undergraduate Education, from 2000 to 2004. Currently, Cornwell serves on the advisory board for the National Institute for Technology and Liberal Education and is a member of the SAGE Group, formed as a collective of national educational leaders by the Association of American Colleges and Universities to work with institutions to realign practices toward more intentional undergraduate education.
Cornwell’s scholarship and teaching lie in the areas of human rights, globalization, and critical race theory. Cornwell is co-editor of two books: "Global Multiculturalism: Comparative Perspectives on Ethnicity, Race, and Nation" and "Democratic Education in an Age of Difference: Redefining Citizenship in Higher Education". He has authored more than two dozen scholarly articles or chapters in edited volumes, as well as a CD-ROM on the history of slavery and the sugar industry in St. Kitts.

</doc>
<doc id="21417716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417716" title="Leon B. Poullada">
Leon B. Poullada

Leon B. Poullada (13 April 1913 - 17 July 1987) was an American diplomat, the son of a Mexican immigrant doctor, and served as an Ambassador to Togo under the Kennedy Administration. He died of prostate cancer in 1987.
Poullada was a career Foreign Service officer who served as the United States Ambassador to Togo during the Kennedy Administration and specialized in Afghan history. He died of cancer at his home in St. Paul, Minnesota at age 74. In his 17-year diplomatic career, Poullada served in Ceylon, Pakistan and Afghanistan before President Kennedy nominated him as Ambassador to the nation of Togo in 1961. In 1963, during Poullada's posting, Togo's President, Sylvanus Olympio, was assassinated at the United States Embassy gates. 
After retiring in 1965 from the Foreign Service, Poullada began studies at Princeton University for a doctorate in political science. His dissertation, titled "Reform and Rebellion in Afghanistan, 1919-1929", a study of Afghan history between 1919 and 1929, was published in 1972 by Cornell University Press. The book is a case history analysis of King Amanullah of Afghanistan's failure to modernize a Tribal Society.
At the end of World War Two, Major Poullada participated as Legal Counsel at the Nuremberg Trials.
Poullada taught political science at the Northern Arizona University at Flagstaff and lectured around the country on Afghanistan and United States diplomacy. After the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, he helped organize efforts to aid the Afghan guerrillas.
He married his wife, Leila Jackson Poullada, and had two sons, Peter Poullada of Istanbul, Turkey, and Philip Poullada of Port Washington, New York, as well as a daughter, Sofia Poullada of Saratoga, California, a granddaughter, Roxana Safipour, and a grandson, Noveed Safipour.

</doc>
<doc id="21417743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417743" title="Thomas Lyons">
Thomas Lyons

Thomas Lyons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21417757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417757" title="Primus Capital">
Primus Capital

Primus Capital is a private equity firm focused on growth capital, leveraged buyout and leveraged recapitalization investments in middle-market companies. The firm invests primarily in companies in the business services, healthcare and for-profit education sectors.
The firm, which is based in Cleveland, Ohio, was founded in 1983 as Primus Ventures. Primus' founders, Loyal Wilson and Bill Mulligan, worked together in the private equity group of First Chicago Corporation. The firm has raised approximately $900 million since inception across six funds. Primus completed fundraising for its sixth fund, with $275 million of investor commitments, in 2008, roughly the same size as its predecessor fund, raised in 2000.
Primus has completed dozens of investments since inception. Among the most notable companies, in which Primus has invested include: Three Eagles Communications, MetroPCS (), Athersys () and Marlin Business Services ().

</doc>
<doc id="21417758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417758" title="Iberoamerican Trilogy">
Iberoamerican Trilogy

The Iberoamerican Trilogy is a short film trilogy directed by Uruguayan media artist Martin Sastre between the years 2002 and 2004. The films are about a future period of human civilization defined as the Iberoamerican Era when Latin America becomes the central cultural power of the World after Hollywood collapsed, till the rising of Bolivia as a Confederation taking the all American Continent as its own territory. 
The three films of this Trilogy are ', ' and "", all extensively shown worldwide in Museums and other art spaces from countries like Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Cuba, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Switzerland, Spain, United Kingdom, United States or Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="21417796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417796" title="2/2nd Commando Squadron (Australia)">
2/2nd Commando Squadron (Australia)

The 2/2nd Commando Squadron was one of 12 independent companies or commando squadrons raised by the Australian Army for service during World War II. The 2/2nd served in Timor, New Guinea and New Britain during World War II, taking part in the Battle of Timor in June 1942 as part of Sparrow Force. Following the capture of the island, the company was withdrawn in December 1942 and returned to Australia, later taking part in operations in New Guinea in 1943–44 and then on New Britain in 1945.
History.
Formation.
Initially formed as the "2nd Independent Company", the unit was raised in 1941. With an authorised strength of 17 officers, 256 other ranks, it undertook training at the Guerrilla Warfare Camp at Foster, on Wilsons Promontory, Victoria. After training the company was transported north to Katherine, Northern Territory, where they were stationed until Japan entered the war following the attacks on Pearl Harbor and Malaya.
Timor campaign.
Amid fears of a Japanese advance towards mainland Australia, the 2nd Independent Company was sent to Timor, as part of Sparrow Force, along with the 2/40th Battalion and a small force of artillery. Upon arriving at Dili on 17 December 1941, most of the 2nd Independent Company moved to protect Dili airfield in east Timor, whilst other elements took up positions in the nearby mountains. The Japanese invaded Timor on 20 February 1942, attacking both east and west Timor at the same time, quickly overwhelming the small force of Australian and Dutch defenders. Hopelessly outnumbered the 2nd Independent Company was unable to hold the airfield and was forced retreat into to the mountains, from where they would wage a guerrilla campaign against the Japanese for over a year.
After the fall of the island, it was believed that the 2nd Independent Company had been captured along with the 2/40th Battalion, and for almost three months the unit was officially listed as missing by the Australian Army. On 19/20 April 1942, however, members of the unit were able to make contact with Darwin, using a wireless transmitter nicknamed "Winnie the War Winner". "Winnie", reputedly named after Winston Churchill was cobbled together by Signaller Max (Joe) Loveless, a Tasmanian member of the unit who had a background as an Amateur Radio Station Operator. The set was built on the back of a 4 gallon kerosene tin, using parts from several failed radio sets. Some parts were obtained via night raids into occupied enemy territory. After this, at great risk the Royal Australian Navy was able to bring in supplies for the company on the south coast of east Timor in late May, allowing the guerilla campaign to continue. During August, the Japanese launched a major offensive against the guerrillas and carried out a series of reprisals against the civilian population of east Timor in order to reduce their support for the Australians.
This campaign was ultimately unsuccessful, although the local Timorese paid a high price for the assistance they provided the Australians and it is estimated that between 40,000 and 60,000 Timorese perished during the Japanese occupation. In September, in an effort to maintain the pressure on the Japanese, the 2nd Independent Company was reinforced with the landing of the 2/4th Australian Independent Company. By late-November 1942 however, it was clear that the Australians could not sustain their campaign due to extreme ill-health amongst all the men, and the ever-increasing number of Japanese reinforcements as well as reduced food supplies. Furthermore, the Japanese used increasing numbers of Dutch Timorese to wreak havoc among the Portuguese Timorese who then found it impossible to keep helping the Australians. As a result, both the 2/2 and 2/4 were withdrawn from Timor between mid-December 1942 and January 1943, along with Portuguese civilians, some Dutch troops and Timorese who would later serve with Z Special Unit.
New Guinea and New Britain campaigns.
Upon return to Australia, the company, now renamed the "2/2nd Independent Company", reformed at the training centre at the Jungle Warfare School at Canungra, Queensland, where it was reinforced and re-equipped. The 2/2nd was relocated to the Atherton Tableland Camp, Atherton Tableland, where it briefly became part of the 2/6th Cavalry (Commando) Regiment, although this was short lived as it became an independent unit once again not long afterwards. As a part of this re-organisation, the company would eventually be renamed the "2/2nd Commando Squadron".
In June 1943, the 2/2nd sailed from Townsville to Port Moresby and was subsequently flown to Bena Bena, in the Bismarck Ranges in New Guinea. Here, the 2/2nd supported the 2/7th Independent Company in patrolling the Ramu River area. In mid-July, the 2/2nd moved into position in Bena Bena and by the end of the month their patrols were skirmishing with the Japanese. They continued to conduct operations in New Guinea until October 1944 when, after being away from Australia for more than a year, the 2/2nd were withdrawn from the fighting for a period of leave in Australia. After three months leave, the 2/2nd Commando Squadron reformed at Strathpine, Queensland and began a period of training and re-organisation in preparation for their next campaign. In April 1945, the unit embarked for New Britain, where they landed at Jacquinot Bay on 17 April and subsequently moved to Wide Bay, in order to support the 13th Brigade, attached to the 5th Division that was based at Lamarien.
Following the end of hostilities in the Pacific in August 1945, the 2/2nd Commando Squadron was deemed to be surplus to the post-war requirements of the Australian Army and as such it was steadily reduced in strength as men were discharged or transferred to other units. The remainder returned to Australia and in early 1946 the 2/2nd Commando Squadron was disbanded. During its service during the war, the 2/2nd lost 22 men killed in action or died on active service. Member's of the squadron received the following decorations: two DSOs, three MCs, one DCM, one MM, 35 MIDs and two foreign awards.
Legacy.
After the war, some of the unit's members became advocates for the rights of the Timorese people, recognising the contribution that they had made to Australia's war effort. One member, John Patrick "Paddy" Kenneally, who died in March 2009 at the age of 93, said that the Australians would "...not have lasted a week had the Timorese not protected them". Kenneally visited East Timor four times after World War II; once in 1990 and a further three times after independence from Indonesia was achieved in 1999. In 2005, he appeared in TV advertisements promoting a fair deal for the people of East Timor in negotiations over Timor Sea gas and oil and was instrumental in securing a fair share of the gas field for the Timorese people. On 25 April 2008 Kenneally, two of his sons and one of his grandsons attended an ANZAC Day service in East Timor, at a memorial overlooking Dili and built by veterans from the 2/2nd.
Commanding officers.
The following officers commanded the 2/2nd during the war:

</doc>
<doc id="21417807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417807" title="Creu de Sant Jordi">
Creu de Sant Jordi

The Creu de Sant Jordi (, in English 'St George's Cross') is one of the highest civil distinctions awarded in Catalonia (Spain), surpassed only in protocol by the Gold Medal of the Generalitat de Catalunya. It was established by the Generalitat de Catalunya autonomous government by virtue of the "Decret 457/1981 de 18 de desembre" in 1981. The medal was designed by goldsmith Joaquim Capdevila.

</doc>
<doc id="21417820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417820" title="Correlation clustering">
Correlation clustering

Clustering is the problem of partitioning data points into groups based on their similarity. Correlation clustering provides a method for clustering a set of objects into the optimum number of clusters without specifying that number in advance.
Description of the problem.
In machine learning, correlation clustering or cluster editing operates in a scenario where the relationships between the objects are known instead of the actual representations of the objects. For example, given a signed graph formula_1 where the edge label indicates whether two nodes are similar (+) or different (−), the task is to cluster the vertices so that similar objects are grouped together. Unlike other clustering algorithms this does not require choosing the number of clusters formula_2 in advance because the objective, to minimize the disagreements, is independent of the number of clusters.
It may not be possible to find a perfect clustering, where all similar items are in a cluster while all dissimilar ones are in different clusters. If the graph indeed admits a perfect clustering, then simply deleting all the negative edges and finding the connected components in the remaining graph will return the required clusters.
But, in general a graph may not have a perfect clustering. For example, given nodes "a,b,c" such that "a,b" and "a,c" are similar while "b,c" are dissimilar, a perfect clustering is not possible. In such cases, the task is to find a clustering that maximizes the number of agreements (number of + edges inside clusters minus the number of - edges between clusters) or minimizes the number of disagreements (the number of - edges inside clusters minus the number of + edges between clusters). This problem of maximizing the agreements is NP-complete (multiway cut problem reduces to maximizing weighted agreements and the problem of partitioning into triangles can be reduced to the unweighted version)
Algorithms.
Bansal et al. discuss the NP-completeness proof and also present both a constant factor approximation algorithm and polynomial-time approximation scheme to find the clusters in this setting. Ailon et al. propose a randomized 3-approximation algorithm for the same problem.
codice_1
The authors show that the above algorithm is a 3-approximation algorithm for correlation clustering.
Optimal number of clusters.
In 2011, it was shown by Bagon and Galun
that the optimization of the correlation clustering functional is closely related to well known discrete optimization methods.
In their work they proposed a probabilistic analysis of the underlying implicit model that allows the correlation clustering functional to estimate the underlying number of clusters.
This analysis suggests the functional assumes a uniform prior over all possible partitions regardless of their number of clusters.
Thus, a non-uniform prior over the number of clusters emerges.
Several discrete optimization algorithms are proposed in this work that scales gracefully with the number of elements (experiments show results with more than 100,000 variables).
The work of Bagon and Galun also evaluated the effectiveness of the recovery of the underlying number of clusters in several applications.
Correlation clustering (data mining).
Correlation clustering also relates to a different task, where correlations among attributes of feature vectors in a high-dimensional space are assumed to exist guiding the clustering process. These correlations may be different in different clusters, thus a global decorrelation cannot reduce this to traditional (uncorrelated) clustering.
Correlations among subsets of attributes result in different spatial shapes of clusters. Hence, the similarity between cluster objects is defined by taking into account the local correlation patterns. With this notion, the term has been introduced in simultaneously with the notion discussed above.
Different methods for correlation clustering of this type are discussed in, the relationship to different types of clustering is discussed in, see also Clustering high-dimensional data.
Correlation clustering (according to this definition) can be shown to be closely related to biclustering. As in biclustering, the goal is to identify groups of objects that share a correlation in some of their attributes; where the correlation is usually typical for the individual clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="21417833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417833" title="Tutankhamun (album)">
Tutankhamun (album)

Tutankhamun is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded for the Freedom label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut. It is subsequently viewed as one of AEOC's lesser works, as incorporated in an Allmusic review by Scott Yanow who states "Due to the weak opener and the LP-length playing time, this is one of the Art Ensemble's lesser efforts despite "The Ninth Room".

</doc>
<doc id="21417849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417849" title="CARIACO Ocean Time Series Program">
CARIACO Ocean Time Series Program

In 1995, the Ocean Time Series Program called CARIACO (Carbon Retention in a Colored Ocean) was initiated. This time series consists of field observations using ship, mooring, and satellite platforms in the eastern Cariaco Basin at 10°30’N, 64°40’W. The program seeks to understand the relationship between surface primary production, physical forcing variables like the wind, and the settling flux of particles in this unique location.
"Ship observations"
Monthly oceanographic cruises are conducted on board the R/V Hermano Ginés of the Fundación La Salle de Ciencias Naturales de Venezuela. The cruises serve to collect hydrographic, nutrient and carbon concentration, primary productivity and other biogeochemical observations throughout the entire water column (surface to 1300m) (Astor et al., 2003; Astor et al., 2005; Muller-Karger et al., 2001; Muller-Karger et al., 2009). Additionally, seasonal cruises to the CARIACO station are conducted to examine chemical and microbial processes (Scranton et al., 2006; Taylor et al., 2006). 
"Moorings"
A sediment trap mooring, consisting of five sediment traps (located at depths of 150, 275, 400, 800, and 1200 m), is also deployed near the study site. This mooring collects the downward flux of particulate material (Thunell et al. 2000; Thunell et al., 2007), derived both from the primary production at the surface and the terrestrial material from the mainland.
"Satellite observations"
The remote sensing component of the CARIACO Oceanographic Time Series Program is based on real-time and historical satellite measurements (Muller-Karger et al., 2005). The satellite data helps observe surface variations in sea surface temperature (SST) and ocean color, which include chlorophyll and river plumes. 
Since it was initiated, this program has been supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF). It has also been supported by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Fondo Nacional de Investigaciones Cientificas y Tecnologicas (FONACIT, Venezuela).
All data generated by the CARIACO program are available via the project web page ([http://www.imars.usf.edu/CAR/]).

</doc>
<doc id="21417853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417853" title="Criminal speech">
Criminal speech

Criminal speech is a legal concept that identifies certain kinds of speech as a crime. The concept is somewhat at odds with freedom of speech in its broadest sense, within the broader freedom of expression, and asserts certain limitations on such freedom.
Concepts like criticism of government and criticism of royalty are controversial. Other concepts limiting certain kinds of speech are not, such as that which prohibits shouting fire in a crowded theater (as a practical joke, and not as a warning), as such speech has the potential to cause harm.
Laws vary by country according with the legal principles that such country adheres to. Most speech is unregulated, and does not violate law. In reference to authoritarian governments which assert serious controls, such controls are commonly called suppression of dissent. In democracies, the concept of hate speech has emerged in recent years, to counteract the political and social influence of hate groups.

</doc>
<doc id="21417857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417857" title="Databank format">
Databank format

A file format is a procedure to encode information for storage in a computer file.
The databank format is an ASCII file format for time series econometric analysis. The format was popularized by micro Tsp.
The databank format is used for data of a fixed annual sample frequency (annual, quarterly, monthly) and for undated data. It is supported by TSP, E Views, and many other econometric applications. Traditionally the name of the file ends with extension .db.
By inspection, the databank file is seen to be an ASCII text file containing a single data series. A databank file is formatted in a linewise structure. Initial comment lines begin with a quote. For dated series, the next three lines specify the frequency, start date, and end date. (For undated series, the next two lines specify the start index and end index.) The remaining lines are data: one observation per line, or NA if missing.
Closely related is the open databank format: a modest extension and more detailed 
specification of the traditional databank format. A conforming reader and writer is provided by Economy.
References.
Bergen, Daniel and Jeff Miran, "NEBR Macro history Database", NEBR, 2001.
[http://www.nber.org/databases/macrohistory/contents/index.html]
Hall, Robert E., and Li lien, David, "micro Tsp Version 6.5 User's Manual", Quantitative Micro Software, 1989.
Isaac, Alan G., "Open-Databank Format", [http://www.american.edu/econ/pytrix/opendatabank.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="21417880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417880" title="Fajã de Entre Poios">
Fajã de Entre Poios

The Fajã of Entre Poios (), literally meaning the "Fajã between Hills/Knolls" is a permanent debris field, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Velas, in the municipality of Velas, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
There were several families from this district with their own woodlots at Entre Poios, where they would collect wood for their ovens. This fajã served the purpose of raising wild goats and for the collection of timber, which was transported uphill to the community of Beira (in the centre of the island).
There are three small ravines, one of which is a permanent course, that cross the fajã.

</doc>
<doc id="21417907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417907" title="Salvia nemorosa">
Salvia nemorosa

Salvia nemorosa (woodland sage, Balkan clary) is a hardy herbaceous perennial plant native to a wide area of central Europe and Western Asia.
It is an attractive plant that is easy to grow and propagate, with the result that it has been passed around by gardeners for many years. Its wide distribution, long history, and the ease with which it hybridizes have resulted in many cultivars and hybrids—along with problems in clearly identifying the hybrids and their relationship with "S. nemorosa". It was named and described by Carl Linnaeus in 1762, with "nemorosa" ("of woods") referring to its typical habitat in groves and woods.
In northern Britain, "Salvia nemorosa" and "Salvia pratensis" are both in danger of disappearing due to depredation from slugs.
Description.
The many inflorescences have closely spaced whorls of small flowers with brightly colored calyces.
Cultivation.
There are numerous cultivars widely grown in horticulture. Many of them are hardy to –18 °C., with flowers ranging in color from violet, to violet-blue, rosy pink, and even white. All are perennial, with numerous leafy stems growing from the base at the beginning of summer. The plant prefers full sun, good drainage, and moderate weekly watering. The plant is hardy to USDA Hardiness Zones Zones 4-8.
The following cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-
Phytochemistry.
Leaves of "Salvia nemorosa" have been used in Turkish medicine to stop bleeding by applying externally. Diterpenes and triterpenes have been isolated from aerial parts of "S. nemorosa": nemorone, nemorosin, horminone, 7-acetylhorminone, salvinemorol, megastigmane glycosides (salvionosides A, B and C), pachystazone, salvipisone, α-amyrin, ursolic and oleanolic acids, stigmast-7-en-3-one, 24-methylenecycloartanol, stigmast-4-en-3-one, β-sitosterol, stigmast-7-enol, as well as flavonoids salvigenin, eupatilin, apigenin and luteolin.

</doc>
<doc id="21417915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21417915" title="Electoral results for the Division of Reid">
Electoral results for the Division of Reid

This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Reid in Australian federal elections from the electorate's creation in 1922 until the present.

</doc>
<doc id="21418004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418004" title="International rankings of Afghanistan">
International rankings of Afghanistan

The following are international rankings of Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21418009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418009" title="St. Joseph's Hospital (Memphis, Tennessee)">
St. Joseph's Hospital (Memphis, Tennessee)

Saint Joseph Hospital was a Catholic operated hospital located at 220 Overton Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee where Martin Luther King Jr. was pronounced dead at 7:05pm on Thursday, April 4, 1968.
Erected in 1885 and operated by the Sisters of St. Francis St. Joseph's would eventually grow into a 1,212 bed Medical Center.[http://www.baptistonline.org/aboutus/medical_center/milestones.asp In 1997 the hospital began a merger with Baptist Memorial Health Care.The property and buildings were sold to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.[http://www.baptistonline.org/aboutus/medical_center/milestones.asp The buildings, except for a recently built Emergency Room annex which St. Jude converted into a Translational Trials Unit, were subsequently demolished to make room for an expansion. The merger between St. Joseph's and Baptist Memorial Health Care was completed in 1998 and the last patients were transferred to Baptist on November 17, 2000.[http://www.baptistonline.org/aboutus/medical_center/milestones.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="21418071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418071" title="Tom Brumley">
Tom Brumley

Tom Brumley (December 11, 1935 – February 3, 2009) was an American steel guitarist who played with Buck Owens and the Buckaroos in the 1960s, contributing to the group's "Bakersfield sound", and later spent a decade with Ricky Nelson.
Biography.
Brumley was born on December 11, 1935, in Stella, Missouri, to gospel singer, composer and music publisher Albert E. Brumley, whose songs included "I'll Fly Away", "I'll Meet You in the Morning" and "Turn Your Radio On". He started playing the bass as a teenager with his brothers Al, Bill, Bob and Jackson, in a band that performed on area radio and television stations and at local music festivals. He started on the steel guitar in 1954. He served two years in the United States Army, and worked at his father's music publishing company after completing his military service.
His brother Al had been signed by Capitol Records and Tom was asked to play steel guitar at a 1962 recording session. Buck Owens happened to be at the session and heard Brumley play, saying that he would hire him to play if he ever had the chance. Brumley lived in North Hollywood, played at clubs in the area, and moved to Kingsland, Texas, to work at his father-in-law's construction firm. There he got a call to play with Owens, and his reluctance to be back on the night scene and bars was overcome by his father in law, who told him, "You know, if you don't do this, you'll wish you had. So I want you to try it. You can always come back to Kingsland, but at least you'll know what you want to do and won't be sorry".
With Owens from 1963 until 1969, Brumley was featured on recordings including "Act Naturally", "I've Got a Tiger By the Tail" and "Together Again". His performance on "Together Again" has been considered "one of the finest steel guitar solos in the history of country music", as described in an obituary by Country Music Television. His unique steel guitar sound was known as "The Brumley Touch" and he was recognized by the Academy of Country Music as the top steel guitarist.
Rick Nelson lured Brumley to play on his album "In Concert at the Troubadour, 1969", accepting on a commitment that he would only do four shows with Nelson, but ended up performing with him for a decade. In a 2005 interview, Brumley called it "a godsend being asked to join Rick's band, and I still think "Garden Party" was a highlight of my recording career". 
During a short hiatus from working with Ricky Nelson, Brumley graciously accepted an invitation to play his outstanding pedal steel style on Singer-Songwriter, Guthrie Thomas' Capitol Records LP, Lies and Alibis, along with other extremely talented artists, Ringo Starr, John Hartford, David Foster, Jim Keltner, and Mark Dawson, that also joined Thomas on this LP in 1976 in Studio B at Capitol Records in Hollywood.
He spent three years with Chris Hillman and The Desert Rose Band during the early 1990s, and performed at the Brumley Family Music Show in Branson, Missouri from 1989 to 2003, with his sons Todd and Tommy. He also performed or recorded with artists including Glen Campbell, Guthrie Thomas, Merle Haggard, Chris Isaak, Waylon Jennings, Martina McBride, Reba McEntire, Ray Price and Rod Stewart, and was inducted into both the Texas Steel Guitar Hall of Fame and the International Steel Guitar Hall of Fame.
In 1999, he was asked to record with the Light Crust Doughboys by invitation of Doughboys Grammy Award-Winning artist-producer Art Greenhaw, a lifelong fan of Brumley. Resulting recordings took place over a several-year period in Branson, Missouri, and Dallas, Texas, and spanned several musical genres including gospel, country, country-rock and patriotic.
Brumley died at age 73 on February 3, 2009, at Northeast Baptist Hospital in San Antonio, Texas, a little more than a week after experiencing a heart attack. He was survived by his wife of 48 years, Rolene, two sons, a daughter, six grandchildren and a great-grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="21418077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418077" title="1931 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1931 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1931 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their second in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 7–4–1, winning only two games. They were shut out in eight of their fourteen games and finished ninth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21418097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418097" title="Montreal Pool Room">
Montreal Pool Room

The Montreal Pool Room is a well-known and well-regarded greasy spoon (French: "casse-croûte") restaurant, located in the city's former red-light district on Saint Laurent Boulevard, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The restaurant has been open since 1912 (registered 1921) and is known for its "underground allure", described by some as being a "seedy goodness”. Though called a "pool room" by name, it does not anymore have a pool table.
Offerings.
The restaurants primary offerings are:
History.
Opened in 1912, it is reputed to serve some of the best steamed hot dogs and "patates frites" in the city. Despite its name, it is no longer a functioning pool room, with the restaurant's pool tables 
The Montreal Pool Room was burned down by a fire in 1989, which according to some destroyed its original interior and had to be rebuilt.
The establishment was one of several businesses on the strip resisting attempts to redevelop and gentrify the area, which is located within the new Quartier des Spectacles.
In March 2010, the restaurant announced that it was moving nearby to make room for new developments in the district. Since then, it has moved across the street.

</doc>
<doc id="21418102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418102" title="The Gin Club">
The Gin Club

The Gin Club are an Australian folk rock musical collective from Brisbane. The band formed when the various members met while frequenting an open mic night at Brisbane pub "O'Malley's". The Gin Club have won three Q Song awards and have toured in Canada. and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21418110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418110" title="Alberto Botía">
Alberto Botía

Alberto Tomás Botía Rabasco (; born 27 January 1989 in Alquerías, Region of Murcia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF on loan from Sevilla FC as a central defender.
Club career.
Aged just eight years old, Botía began playing for CD Beniel, soon joining neighbours Real Murcia and remaining there for three years. In 2003 he moved to FC Barcelona, being inserted into its B-team after a further three seasons. On 30 May 2009 he made his official debut with the main squad, coming on as a second-half substitute for Gerard Piqué in the side's final game of the season, a 1–1 away draw against Deportivo de La Coruña.
On 14 July 2009 Botía was sent to fellow La Liga club Sporting de Gijón, on a season-long loan. An undisputed starter throughout his first year in the top-tier, he decided to extend his stay with the Asturians in a four-year deal, with Barcelona keeping a buy-back clause for the first three.
International career.
On 7 February 2007 Botía was summoned for the Spanish under-19 team, for the "XXXIII International Atlantic Cup". Almost exactly two years later he received his first under-21 callup, for a friendly with Norway.
On 25 August 2011, Botía was selected for the first time to the full side by manager Vicente del Bosque, for games against Chile and Liechtenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="21418164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418164" title="Longest rivers of the United Kingdom">
Longest rivers of the United Kingdom

There seems to be little consensus as to the lengths of rivers in published sources, nor much agreement as to what constitutes a river. Thus the River Ure / River Ouse can be counted as one river system or two rivers. If it is counted as one, the River Aire / Yorkshire Ouse / Humber system would come fourth in the list, with a combined length of and indeed, the River Trent / Humber system would top the list with their combined length of 222 mi (357 km). Also, the Thames tributary, the River Churn, sourced at "Seven Springs" adds 14 miles to the length of the Thames (from its traditional source at Thames head). The Churn/Thames' length at 229 mi (369 km) is therefore greater than the Severn’s length - 220 mi (354 km). Thus, the combined "Churn/Thames" river would top the list. Sue Owen et al. in their book on Rivers generally restrict the length to the parts that bear the correct name. Thus the River Nene is quoted at , but would be around more if the variously named sources were included. Many of the above lengths are considerably different from Steve Owen's list, some longer and some shorter.
References.
http://copranet.projects.eucc-d.de/files/000165_EUROSION_Humber_Estuary.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="21418186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418186" title="Jettenbach">
Jettenbach

Jettenbach is a municipality in the district of Mühldorf in Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21418196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418196" title="Ash Dargan">
Ash Dargan

Ash Dargan is an indigenous Australian didgeridoo player. He is a member of the Larrakia people but did not find out about his aboriginality until he was 21. He teaches and performs all over the world. He is a former member of Coloured Stone, appearing on their 1999 album "Rhythm of Nature".
Discography.
With Don Emilio Fernandez De La Vega
With Nigel Pegrum
With Coloured Stone
With David Hudson
With Oscar Serrallach

</doc>
<doc id="21418201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418201" title="Megasus (album)">
Megasus (album)

Megasus is the debut album for Megasus. 
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="21418216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418216" title="Sacco and Vanzetti (film)">
Sacco and Vanzetti (film)

Sacco and Vanzetti is a 2006 documentary film directed by Peter Miller. Produced by Peter Miller and Editor Amy Linton, the film presents interviews with researchers and historians of the lives of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti, and their trial. It also presents forensic evidence that refutes that used by the prosecution during the trial. Prison letters written by the defendants are read by voice actors with Tony Shalhoub as Sacco and John Turturro as Vanzetti. Interviewees include Howard Zinn, Studs Terkel and Arlo Guthrie.
"Sacco and Vanzetti" won the 2007 John E. O'Connor Film Award, the annual prize for the best historical film awarded by the American Historical Association. It was released nationally in theaters in March 2007 and later on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="21418224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418224" title="1988 Stanley Cup playoffs">
1988 Stanley Cup playoffs

The 1988 Stanley Cup playoffs, the championship of the National Hockey League (NHL), began with sixteen teams on April 6, 1988. It concluded on May 26, with the Edmonton Oilers defeating the Boston Bruins to win the Stanley Cup.
Series.
"Note: all dates in 1988"
The playoffs started on April 6, and ended on May 26. The Presidents' Trophy winning Calgary Flames had home ice during the playoffs thanks in part to Edmonton's struggles without Gretzky. The Oilers, who had won the Cup in three of the previous four seasons, were still thought to have a good chance at repeating with Gretzky's return. The clash between the Flames and Oilers in the Smythe Division Final was highly anticipated.
Adams Division semi-finals.
Buffalo Sabres vs. Boston Bruins
The Boston Bruins were led by team co-captains Ray Bourque, Rick Middleton and the goaltending duo of Reggie Lemelin and the newly acquired Andy Moog. The Buffalo Sabres returned to the playoffs thanks to added depth provided by rookie Ray Sheppard.
"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–2."
Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens
The Habs almost squandered a 3–0 series lead. The deep Habs roster was the best team in the Wales Conference during the season, consisting of six 20-goal scorers and another six with between 10 and 20 goals. Their best assets were goaltenders Patrick Roy and backup Brian Hayward who won 23 and 22 games respectively. The Ron Francis-led Whalers went 2–4–2 against the Canadiens during the season, twice losing by just one goal.
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4–2."
Patrick Division semi-finals.
Philadelphia Flyers vs. Washington Capitals
The Flyers needed to beat Washington at home in their season finale to gain home ice advantage, but only managed to tie them 2–2. The Flyers were led by Vezina Trophy winner Ron Hextall who was playoff MVP the previous season. In a very physical series, Washington overcame a 3–1 deficit to advance to the second round for the first time in two years. Game 7 was a classic ending with Dale Hunter beating Hextall on a breakaway in overtime.
"Washington wins best-of-seven series 4–3"
New Jersey Devils vs. New York Islanders
This was the last hurrah for both the Islanders and Denis Potvin, whose departure signaled dark days for the Isles, just as his arrival had brought them to prominence. The Isles were upset by the Devils, who finished 7–0–1, including two wins over Pittsburgh in which they stifled Lemieux, and a 7–2 win over the Rangers, whom they edged out for the final Patrick Division playoff spot. The physical Devils kept former MVP Bryan Trottier pointless as they won in six.
"New Jersey wins best-of-seven series 4–2"
Norris Division semi-finals.
Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues
The Chicago Blackhawks were led by their three 40-goal scorers Denis Savard, Rick Vaive, and Steve Larmer. They were poor defensively, and were matched up against a similar St. Louis Blues squad that was better defensively if not in goal. Vaive had eight points, while Larmer and Savard had seven each.
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Detroit Red Wings
The storied rivalry continued as the Detroit Red Wings met the Toronto Maple Leafs. While the seemingly lame-duck Leafs finished 1–8, the one win was 5–3 over Detroit in the season finale that pushed them into the playoffs, even though they had the second-worst record in the league. Luckily for them, the worst record belonged to Minnesota, who was also in the Norris division. However, the Norris Division was very weak that year; only the Red Wings had a winning record.
Game six in Maple Leaf Gardens was future Hall of Famer Borje Salming's final playoff game in the NHL. Toronto lost all three home games.
"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4–2"
Smythe Division semi-finals.
Winnipeg Jets vs. Edmonton Oilers
The high-flying offence of the Edmonton Oilers played exactly as they were expected to, averaging five goals a game. Despite their best efforts, the franchise that Oilers captain Wayne Gretzky would one day own and coach just could not keep pace with his Oilers.
"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–1"
Los Angeles Kings vs. Calgary Flames
The Kings fourth place finish in the Smythe Division tied their best finish in their history, since being moved to the Smythe. Their defence was the worst in the league, and they relied on offence. The Kings met Calgary twice in the week before the playoffs and triumphed 9–7 at home and 6–3 in Calgary. The Flames would make a mockery of the Kings' defence and would light the lamp 26 times, even more than the Oilers scored against the Jets. Four months after this series mercifully ended, the only NHL franchise in California would undergo a massive makeover, thanks to new uniforms and a savior from the north.
"Calgary wins best-of-seven series 4–1"
Divisional finals.
Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens
The Wales Conference's two best teams, and the NHL's two best defensive teams, met in this series with equal rest time. The Habs had beaten Boston in the Adams Division Semi-Finals four years in a row, sweeping the Bruins in three of the past four seasons, and beating them 3–2 in a best-of-five the other year. This time, the Bruins' defence would wear down Montreal, as Ken Linseman, Ray Bourque and Cam Neely provided the offence to finally conquer the Canadiens. It was the first Bruins' playoff series win over the Habs in 44 seasons.
"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–1"
New Jersey Devils vs. Washington Capitals
After upsetting the Islanders, whose defence was second in the division, the Devils were now matched up with the number one defence in the division. Patrik Sundstrom and Kirk Muller led the Devils to a series win in seven games in a surprisingly high-scoring series. Sundstrom's eight-point effort in Game 3 (3 goals, 5 assists) set a new Stanley Cup playoff record.
"New Jersey wins best-of-seven series 4–3"
St. Louis Blues vs. Detroit Red Wings
In another case of a team down 2–0 rallying to win game three, the Red Wings got aggressive, unafraid of the Blues' offence and won in five.
"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4–1"
Edmonton Oilers vs. Calgary Flames
In the "Battle of Alberta" the Oilers would claim the first sweep of the playoffs. In Game 2, Wayne Gretzky scored a short-handed overtime goal on a brilliant slapshot while streaking down the left wing. 
"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–0"
Conference finals.
New Jersey Devils vs. Boston Bruins
The Devils would take Boston to the limit, but their offence could not compete with the Bruins, who would make their first appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals since consecutive appearances in 1976–77 and 1977–78.
This series also featured the infamous confrontation between Devils coach Jim Schoenfeld and referee Don Koharski after Game 3, when, during an argument in the tunnel after the game, Koharski tripped and fell, accusing Schoenfield of pushing him. Schoenfield famously responded, "You tripped and fell you fat pig!" Then, he yelled "Have another doughnut! Have another doughnut!" The incident was played repeatedly on ESPN and has since become part of NHL lore.
Schoenfeld was suspended by NHL president John Ziegler for Game 4, but the Devils received an injunction from a New Jersey court, allowing Schoenfeld to coach the fourth game. In protest, the officials scheduled to work that game in the Meadlowands refused to take the ice, forcing the NHL to scramble for amateur officials to call the contest. The injunction was lifted and Schoenfeld served his suspension during Game 5 in the Boston Garden.
"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4–3"
Detroit Red Wings vs. Edmonton Oilers
Steve Yzerman and the Wings were no match for the Oilers again, and were edged out in five games.
"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–1"
Final.
The series pitted the Oilers' offensive juggernaut against the Bruins' more balanced team. The Oilers showed their defensive prowess, surrendering just 9 goals in the four completed games. Game 4 is well known for fog that interfered with the game and a power outage that caused its cancellation before a faceoff. This would allow the Oilers to win the Cup at home in the Northlands Coliseum and complete the "sweep" in a rescheduled Game 4.
Ray Bourque was physical in defending against Gretzky, but that wouldn't ground the Great One on his way to claiming his second Conn Smythe Trophy and setting playoff records with 31 assists in just 18 games, and 13 points in the Finals series.
Boston Bruins vs. Edmonton Oilers
"Edmonton wins best-of-seven series 4–0"

</doc>
<doc id="21418231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418231" title="St Bede's College">
St Bede's College

There are several schools named St Bede's College, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21418250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418250" title="Les Taylor (singer)">
Les Taylor (singer)

Leslie Christopher "Les" Taylor (born December 27, 1948 in Oneida, Kentucky) is an American country music artist. Taylor has released two studio albums on Epic Records. His highest charting single, "I Gotta Mind to Go Crazy," peaked at No. 44 in 1991.
In 1980, Taylor became the contributing lead singer and rhythm guitarist of country-pop band Exile. He performed with the group until 1989, when he left to pursue a solo career. After parting ways with Epic, Taylor reunited with Exile in 1995. He continued to perform with the band until 2006.
As a songwriter, Taylor has had his songs recorded by Travis Tritt and Shelby Lynne. He also co-wrote Janie Fricke's Number One single, "It Ain't Easy Bein' Easy."

</doc>
<doc id="21418254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418254" title="Airtight Games">
Airtight Games

Airtight Games was an independent video game developer founded in 2004 that was made up of several former members of FASA Studio, Will Vinton Studios and Microsoft, as well as several other studios. The key members included president and creative director Jim Deal, art director Matt Brunner, and co-founder Ed Fries. Their first title was "Dark Void" for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It was also going to be released earlier, but the date was rescheduled. They have recently released a first-person puzzle game with Square Enix as publisher entitled "Quantum Conundrum".
Airtight Games closed in July 2014 one month after releasing "".
Company overview.
Airtight Games was formed in 2004 by a group of industry veterans and the core team that shipped the award-winning Xbox title, "". Airtight Games has been working with publishers and industry leaders on contracts and publishing deals. With backgrounds in the game, film, television and comic book industries, Airtight Games' team claims ship credit on over fifty different titles and decades of combined industry experience.

</doc>
<doc id="21418255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418255" title="Monte Vista Historic District">
Monte Vista Historic District

The Monte Vista Historic District is an affluent neighborhood of about 3,000 people located in Midtown San Antonio, Texas, USA. The district stretches from the southern area near San Antonio College (Ashby Place) to its most northern point along Hildebrand Avenue (near the city of Olmos Park). It was officially registered in the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. Because of this, homeowners must adhere to rules and regulations set by the Monte Vista Historical Association (a group of homeowners who organized in the 1970s to benefit the area).
Monte Vista began development in 1889 when real estate developers took an interest in a goat pasture about 5 miles north of Downtown San Antonio. Homes were built street by street, with different developers owning blocks at a time. Building was completed by the 1930s.
Government and infrastructure.
The San Antonio Police Department (SAPD) serves Monte Vista from the Central Substation.
The United States Postal Service Laurel Heights Post Office is adjacent to and outside of Monte Vista.
Education.
Primary and secondary schools.
The district is within the San Antonio Independent School District. Most of Monte Vista is zoned to Cotton Elementary School, and Mark Twain Middle School, both outside of the district. Some residents are zoned to Hawthorne K-8 Academy, also outside of the Monte Vista district. Edison High School, outside of the district, serves all of Monte Vista.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio operates the St. Anthony Catholic School (K-8) and the St. Anthony Catholic High School in Monte Vista. Keystone School, a K–12 private school, is in Monte Vista. San Antonio Academy, a private PK-8 school for boys, is in Monte Vista.
Colleges and universities.
The district is adjacent to Trinity University and San Antonio College.
Public libraries.
The Hannah Landa Memorial Library of the San Antonio Public Library is located in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="21418258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418258" title="First French Empire">
First French Empire

The First French Empire (), also known as the Greater French Empire or Napoleonic Empire, was the empire of Napoleon I of France. It was the dominant power of much of continental Europe at the beginning of the 19th century.
Napoleon became Emperor of the French ("L'Empereur des Français", ) on May 18, 1804, and was crowned Emperor on December 2, 1804. His coronation ended the period of the French Consulate. The French Empire won early military victories in the War of the Third Coalition against Austria, Prussia, Russia, Portugal, and allied nations, notably at the Battle of Austerlitz (1805) and the Battle of Friedland (1807). The Treaty of Tilsit in July 1807 ended two years of bloodshed on the European continent.
The subsequent series of wars known collectively as the Napoleonic Wars extended French influence over much of Western Europe and into Poland. At its height in 1812, the French Empire had 130 departments, ruled over 44 million subjects, maintained an extensive military presence in Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Duchy of Warsaw, and could count Prussia and Austria as nominal allies. Early French victories exported many ideological features of the French Revolution throughout Europe. Seigneurial dues and seigneurial justice were abolished, aristocratic privileges were eliminated in all places except Poland, and the introduction of the Napoleonic Code throughout the continent increased legal equality, established jury systems, and legalized divorce. However Napoleon also placed relatives on the thrones of several European countries and granted many noble titles, most of which were not recognized after the empire fell.
Historians have estimated the death toll from the Napoleonic Wars to be 6.5 million people. In particular, French losses in the Peninsular War in Spain severely weakened the Empire; after victory over the Austrian Empire in the War of the Fifth Coalition (1809) Napoleon deployed over 600,000 troops to attack Russia in the catastrophic French invasion of the Russian Empire in 1812. The War of the Sixth Coalition saw the expulsion of French forces from Germany in 1813.
Napoleon abdicated on 11 April 1814. The Empire was briefly restored during the Hundred Days period in 1815 until Napoleon's defeat at the Battle of Waterloo. It was followed by the restored monarchy of the House of Bourbon.
Origin.
In 1799, Napoleon Bonaparte was confronted by Emmanuel-Joseph Sieyès – one of five Directors who constituted the executive branch of the French government—who sought his support for a "coup d'état" to overthrow the French Constitution of 1795. The plot included Bonaparte's brother Lucien, then serving as speaker of the Council of Five Hundred, Roger Ducos, another Director, and Talleyrand. On November 9, 1799 (18 Brumaire, An VIII under the French Republican Calendar), and the following day, troops led by Bonaparte seized control. They dispersed the legislative councils, leaving a rump legislature to name Bonaparte, Sieyès and Ducos as provisional Consuls to administer the government. Although Sieyès expected to dominate the new regime, the Consulate, he was outmanoeuvred by Bonaparte, who drafted the Constitution of the Year VIII and secured his own election as First Consul. This made him the most powerful person in France, a power that was increased by the Constitution of the Year X, which made him First Consul for life.
The Battle of Marengo (14 June 1800) inaugurated the political idea that was to continue its development until Napoleon's Moscow campaign. Napoleon planned only to keep the Duchy of Milan for France, setting aside Austria, and was thought to prepare a new campaign in the East. The Peace of Amiens, which cost him control of Egypt, was a temporary truce. He gradually extended his authority in Italy by annexing the Piedmont and by acquiring Genoa, Parma, Tuscany and Naples and added this Italian territory to his Cisalpine Republic. Then he laid siege to the Roman state and initiated the Concordat of 1801 to control the material claims of the pope. When he recognised his error of raising the authority of the pope from that of a figurehead, Napoleon produced the "Articles Organiques" (1802) wanting, like Charlemagne, to be the legal protector of the papacy. To conceal his plans before their actual execution, he aroused French colonial aspirations against Britain and the memory of the 1763 Treaty of Paris, exacerbating British envy of France, whose borders now extended to the Rhine and beyond, to Hanover, Hamburg and Cuxhaven.
On 12 May 1802, the French Tribunat voted unanimously, with exception of Carnot, in favour of the Life Consulship for the leader of France. This action was confirmed by the Corps Législatif. A general plebiscite followed thereafter resulting in 3,653,600 votes aye and 8,272 votes nay. On 2 August 1802 (14 Thermidor, An X), Napoleon Bonaparte was proclaimed Consul for life.
An overwhelming tide of pro-revolutionary sentiment swept through Germany by the "Recess of 1803", which brought Bavaria, Württemberg and Baden to France's side. William Pitt the Younger, back in power in Britain, appealed once more for an Anglo-Austro-Russian coalition against Napoleon to stop the ideals of revolutionary France from spreading.
On 18 May 1804, Napoleon was given the title of emperor by the Senate; finally, on 2 December 1804, he was solemnly crowned, after receiving the Iron Crown of the Lombard kings, and was consecrated by Pope Pius VII in Notre-Dame de Paris.
After this, in four campaigns, the Emperor transformed his "Carolingian" feudal and federal empire into one modelled on the Roman Empire. The memories of imperial Rome were for a third time, after Julius Caesar and Charlemagne, to modify the historical evolution of France. Though the vague plan for an invasion of Britain was never executed, the Battle of Ulm and the Battle of Austerlitz overshadowed the defeat of Trafalgar, and the camp at Boulogne put at Napoleon's disposal the best military resources he had commanded, in the form of "La Grande Armée".
Early victories.
In the War of the Third Coalition, Napoleon swept away the remnants of the old Holy Roman Empire and created in southern Germany the vassal states of Bavaria, Baden, Württemberg, Hesse-Darmstadt and Saxony, which were reorganized into the Confederation of the Rhine. The Treaty of Pressburg, signed on 26 December 1805, did little other than create a more unified Germany to threaten France . On the other hand, Napoleon's creation of the Kingdom of Italy, the occupation of Ancona, and his annexation of Venetia and its former Adriatic territories marked a new stage in his Empire's progress.
To create satellite states, Napoleon installed his relatives as rulers of many European states. The Bonapartes began to marry into old European monarchies, gaining sovereignty over many nations. Joseph Bonaparte replaced the dispossessed Bourbons in Naples; Louis Bonaparte was installed on the throne of the Kingdom of Holland, formed from the Batavian Republic; Joachim Murat became Grand-Duke of Berg; Jérôme Bonaparte was made son-in-law to the King of Württemberg; and Eugène de Beauharnais was appointed to be the King of Bavaria while Stéphanie de Beauharnais married the son of the Grand Duke of Baden. In addition to the vassal titles, Napoleon's closest relatives were also granted the title of French Prince and formed the Imperial House of France.
Met with opposition, Napoleon would not tolerate any neutral power. On 6 August 1806 the Habsburgs abdicated their title of Holy Roman Emperor in order to prevent Napoleon from becoming the next Emperor, ending a political power which had endured for over a thousand years. Prussia had been offered the territory of Hannover to stay out of the Third Coalition. With the diplomatic situation changing, Napoleon offered Great Britain the province as part of a peace proposal. This, combined with growing tensions in Germany over French hegemony, Prussia responded by forming an alliance with Russia and sending troops into Bavaria on 1 October 1806. In this War of the Fourth Coalition, Napoleon destroyed the armies of Frederick William at Jena-Auerstedt. The Eylau and the Friedland against the Russians finally ruined Frederick the Great's formerly mighty kingdom, obliging Russia and Prussia to make peace at Tilsit.
Height of the Empire.
The Treaties of Tilsit ended war between Imperial Russia and the French Empire and began an alliance between the two empires which held power of much of the rest of Europe. The two empires secretly agreed to aid each other in disputes. France pledged to aid Russia against Ottoman Turkey, while Russia agreed to join the Continental System against the British Empire. Napoleon also convinced Alexander to enter the Anglo-Russian War and to instigate the Finnish War against Sweden in order to force Sweden to join the Continental System.
More specifically, the Tsar agreed to evacuate Wallachia and Moldavia, which had been occupied by Russian forces as part of the Russo-Turkish War, 1806-1812. The Ionian Islands and Cattaro, which had been captured by Russian admirals Ushakov and Senyavin, were to be handed over to the French. In recompense, Napoleon guaranteed the sovereignty of the Duchy of Oldenburg and several other small states ruled by the Tsar's German relatives.
The treaty removed about half of Prussia's territory: Kottbus passed to Saxony, the left bank of the Elbe was awarded to the newly created Kingdom of Westphalia, Białystok was given to Russia, and the rest of Polish lands in the Prussian possession were set up as the Duchy of Warsaw. Prussia was ordered to reduce their army to 40,000 and to pay an indemnity of 100,000,000 francs. Observers in Prussia viewed the treaty as unfair and as a national humiliation.
Talleyrand had advised Napoleon to pursue milder terms; the treaties marked an important stage in his estrangement from the emperor. After the Treaties of Tilsit, instead of trying to reconcile Europe, as Talleyrand had advised, Napoleon wanted to defeat Britain and complete his Italian dominion. It was from Berlin, on 21 November 1806, that he had dated the first decree of a continental blockade, intended to paralyze his rival, but which would contribute to his own fall by its immoderate extension of the Empire. To the coalition of the northern powers, he added the league of the Baltic and Mediterranean ports, and to the bombardment of Copenhagen by a Royal Navy fleet he responded by a second decree of blockade, dated from Milan on 17 December 1807.
The application of the Concordat and the taking of Naples led to the first struggles with the Pope, centered around two issues: Napoleon declaring himself Roman Emperor, and Pius VII renewing the theocratic affirmations of Pope Gregory VII. The Emperor's Roman ambition was made more visible by the occupation of the Kingdom of Naples and of the Marches, and by the entry of Miollis into Rome; while Junot invaded Portugal, Joachim Murat took possession of formerly Roman Spain, whither Joseph Bonaparte transferred afterwards.
Napoleon thought he might succeed in the Iberian Peninsula as he had done in Italy, in Egypt, and in Hesse. However, the exile of the Royal Family to Bayonne, together with the enthroning of Joseph Bonaparte, turned the Spanish against Napoleon. After the Dos de Mayo riots and subsequent reprisals, the Spanish began an effective guerrilla campaign, under the oversight of a Supreme Junta. The Peninsula became the grave of whole armies and saw a war against Spain, Portugal, and Great Britain. Dupont capitulated at Bailen to General Castaños, and Junot at Sintra, Portugal to General Wellesley. To combat the Spanish resistance, Napoleon came to terms with the Tsar Alexander I of Russia at Erfurt, so that, abandoning his designs in the East, he could make the Grand Army return in force to Madrid.
Spain used up the soldiers needed for Napoleon's other fields of battle, and they had to be replaced by conscripts. Spanish resistance affected Austria, and indicated the potential of national resistance. The provocations of Talleyrand and Britain strengthened the idea that Austrians could emulate the Spaniards. On April 10, 1809, Austria invaded France's ally, Bavaria. The campaign of 1809, however, would not be nearly as long and troublesome for France as the Spanish one. After a short and decisive action in Bavaria, Napoleon opened up the road to Vienna for a second time. At Aspern-Essling, Napoleon suffered his first serious tactical defeat, along with the death of Jean Lannes, an able Marshall and dear friend of the Emperor. The victory at Wagram, however, forced Austria to sue for peace. The Treaty of Schönbrunn, 14 December 1809, annexed the Illyrian provinces and recognized past French conquests.
The Pope was deported to Savona, and his domains were incorporated into the Empire. The Senate's decision on 17 February 1810 created the title of King of Rome, and made Rome the capital of Italy. Between 1810 and 1812 Napoleon's divorce of Josephine, and his marriage with Archduchess Marie Louise of Austria, followed by the birth of the king of Rome, shed light upon his future policy. He gradually withdrew power from his siblings and concentrated his affection and ambition on his son, the guarantee of the continuance of his dynasty. This was the apogee of the empire.
Intrigues and unrest.
Undermining forces, however, had already begun to impinge on the faults inherent in Napoleon’s achievements. Britain, protected by the English Channel and her navy, was persistently active, and rebellion of both the governing and of the governed broke out everywhere. Napoleon, though he underrated it, soon felt his failure in coping with the Spanish uprising. Men like Baron von Stein, August von Hardenberg and Johann von Scharnhorst had secretly started preparing Prussia's retaliation.
The alliance arranged at Tilsit was seriously shaken by the Austrian marriage, the threat of Polish restoration to Russia, and the Continental System. The very persons whom he had placed in power were counteracting his plans. With many of his siblings and relations performing unsuccessfully or even betraying him, Napoleon found himself obliged to revoke their power. Caroline Bonaparte conspired against her brother and against her husband Murat; the hypochondriac Louis, now Dutch in his sympathies, found the supervision of the blockade taken from him, and also the defense of the Scheldt, which he had refused to ensure. Jérôme Bonaparte lost control of the blockade on North Sea shores. The very nature of things was against the new dynasties, as it had been against the old.
After national insurrections and family recriminations came treachery from Napoleon's ministers. Talleyrand betrayed his designs to Metternich and suffered dismissal. Joseph Fouché, corresponding with Austria in 1809 and 1810, entered into an understanding with Louis and also with Britain, while Bourrienne was convicted of speculation. By consequence of the spirit of conquest Napoleon had aroused, many of his marshals and officials, having tasted victory, dreamed of sovereign power: Bernadotte, who had helped him to the Consulate, played Napoleon false to win the crown of Sweden. Soult, like Murat, coveted the Spanish throne after that of Portugal, thus anticipating the treason of 1813 and the defection of 1814. Many persons hoped for "an accident", which might resemble the deaths of Alexander the Great and of Julius Caesar.
The country itself, though flattered by conquests, was tired of self-sacrifice. The unpopularity of conscription policies gradually turned many of Napoleon’s subjects against him. Amidst profound silence from the press and the assemblies, a protest was raised against imperial power by the literary world, against the excommunicated sovereign by Catholicism, and against the author of the continental blockade by the discontented bourgeoisie, ruined by the crisis of 1811. Even as he lost his military principles, Napoleon maintained his gift for brilliance. His Six Days Campaign, which took place at the very end of the Sixth Coalition, is often regarded as his greatest display of leadership and military prowess. But by then it was the end (or "the finish"), and it was during the years before when the nations of Europe conspired against France. While the Emperor and his holdings idled and worsened, the rest of Europe agreed to avenge the revolutionary events of 1792.
The Fall.
Napoleon had hardly succeeded in putting down the revolt in Germany when the Tsar of Russia himself headed a European insurrection against Napoleon. To put a stop to this, to ensure his own access to the Mediterranean and exclude his chief rival, Napoleon made an effort in 1812 against Russia. Despite his victorious advance, the taking of Smolensk, the victory on the Moskva, and the entry into Moscow, he was defeated by the country and the climate, and by Alexander's refusal to make terms. After this came the lamentable retreat in the harsh Russian winter, while all Europe was concentrating against him. Pushed back, as he had been in Spain, from bastion to bastion, after the action on the Berezina, Napoleon had to fall back upon the frontiers of 1809, and then—having refused the peace offered to him by Austria at the Congress of Prague (4 June–10 August 1813), from a dread of losing Italy, where each of his victories had marked a stage in the accomplishment of his dream—on those of 1805, despite Lützen and Bautzen, and on those of 1802 after his defeat at Leipzig, when Bernadotte – now Crown Prince of Sweden – turned upon him, General Moreau also joined the Allies, and longstanding allied nations, such as Saxony and Bavaria, forsook him as well.
Following his retreat from Russia, Napoleon continued to retreat, this time from Germany. After the loss of Spain, reconquered by an allied army led by Wellington, the rising in the Netherlands preliminary to the invasion and the manifesto of Frankfort (1 December 1813) which proclaimed it, he had to fall back upon the frontiers of 1795; and then later was driven yet farther back upon those of 1792—despite the campaign of 1814 against the invaders. Paris capitulated on 30 March 1814, and the "Delenda Carthago", pronounced against Britain, was spoken of Napoleon. The Empire fell with Napoleon's abdication at Fontainebleau on 11 April 1814.
After a brief exile at the island of Elba, Napoleon escaped, with a ship, a few men, and four cannon. The King sent Marshal Ney to arrest Napoleon. Upon meeting the army sent to arrest him, Napoleon dismounted and walked into firing range, saying "If one of you wishes to kill his Emperor, here I am!" But instead of firing, they went to join Napoleon's side shouting "Vive l'Empereur!" Napoleon recaptured the throne temporarily in 1815, reviving the Empire in what is known as the Hundred Days. However, he was defeated by the Seventh Coalition at the Battle of Waterloo. He surrendered himself to the Coalition and was exiled to Saint Helena, a remote island in the South Atlantic, where he remained until his death in 1821. After the Hundred Days (just less than a third of a year), the Bourbon monarchy was restored, with Louis XVIII regaining the throne of France, while the rest of Napoleon's conquests were disposed of in the Congress of Vienna.
Nature of Bonaparte's rule.
Napoleon gained support by appealing to some common concerns of French people. These included dislike of the emigrant nobility who had escaped persecution, fear by some of a restoration of the "ancien régime", a dislike and suspicion of foreign countries that had tried to reverse the Revolution – and a wish by Jacobins to extend France's revolutionary ideals.
Napoleon attracted power and imperial status and gathered support for his changes of French institutions, such as the Concordat of 1801 which confirmed the Catholic Church as the majority church of France and restored some of its civil status.
Napoleon by this time however was not a democrat, nor a republican. He was, he liked to think, an enlightened despot, the sort of man Voltaire might have found appealing. He preserved numerous social gains of the Revolution while suppressing political liberty. He admired efficiency and strength and hated feudalism, religious intolerance, and civil inequality. Enlightened despotism meant political stability. He knew his Roman history well, as after 500 years of republicanism, Rome became an empire under Augustus Caesar.
Although a supporter of the radical Jacobins during the early days of the Revolution (more out of pragmatism than any real ideology), Napoleon became increasingly autocratic as his political career progressed and once in power embraced certain aspects of both liberalism and authoritarianism – for example, public education, a generally liberal restructuring of the French legal system, and the emancipation of the Jews – while rejecting electoral democracy and freedom of the press 

</doc>
<doc id="21418268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418268" title="Caspar Wessel">
Caspar Wessel

Caspar Wessel (June 8, 1745, Vestby – March 25, 1818, Copenhagen) was a Norwegian-Danish mathematician and cartographer. In 1799, Wessel was the first person to describe the geometrical interpretation of complex numbers as points in the complex plane. He was the younger brother of poet and playwright Johan Herman Wessel.
Biography.
Wessel was born in Jonsrud, Vestby, Akershus, Norway. In 1763, having completed secondary school at Oslo Cathedral School, he went to Denmark for further studies. He attended the University of Copenhagen and acquired the degree of "candidatus juris" in 1778. From 1794, however, he was employed as a surveyor (from 1798 as Royal inspector of Surveying).
It was the mathematical aspect of surveying that led him to exploring the geometrical significance of complex numbers. His fundamental paper, "Om directionens analytiske betegning," was published in 1799 by the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters. Since it was in Danish, it passed almost unnoticed, and the same results were later independently rediscovered by Argand in 1806 and Gauss in 1831.
One of the more prominent ideas presented in "On the Analytical Representation of Direction" was that of vectors. Even though this was not Wessel's main intention with the publication, he felt that a geometrical concept of numbers, with length and direction, was needed. Wessel's approach on addition was: "Two straight lines are added if we unite them in such a way that the second line begins where the first one ends and then pass a straight line from the first to the last point of the united lines. This line is the sum of the united lines". This is the same idea as used today when summing vectors.
Wessel's priority to the idea of a complex number as a point in the complex plane is today universally recognised. His paper was re-issued in French translation in 1899, and in English in 1999 as "On the analytic representation of direction" (ed. J. Lützen "et al.").
Wessel's elder brother Johan Herman Wessel was a major name in Danish-Norwegian literature.

</doc>
<doc id="21418278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418278" title="French Empire">
French Empire

The term French Empire can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21418286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418286" title="Holt's Wharf">
Holt's Wharf

Holt's Wharf (Chinese:) was a godown terminal in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong in the 20th century. It was set up in 1910 and jointly owned by British Swire Group and Blue Funnel Line. It is located at the southeast seaside of Tsim Sha Tsui and the south of Signal Hill. Since it was next to Tsim Sha Tsui KCR Station, it acted as a railway and freight logistics hub in Hong Kong.
In 1971, Swire Group and Blue Funnel Line sold the wharf site to New World Development. Two years later in 1973, New World Development commenced the construction of New World Centre and The Regent Hong Kong ( the InterContinental Hong Kong) on the site. Construction was completed in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21418288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418288" title="Wyszyna, Greater Poland Voivodeship">
Wyszyna, Greater Poland Voivodeship

Wyszyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Władysławów, north-west of Turek, and east of the regional capital Poznań.
The village has a population of 843.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21418344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418344" title="US F1 Team">
US F1 Team

US F1 Team was a proposed Formula One team that was granted entry to the 2010 season. However, the team stopped work on its car and did not compete in 2010. It informed the FIA that it was not in a position to race and was removed from the official entry list.
The team was fronted by former Haas CNC Racing technical director Ken Anderson and journalist (and former Williams and Ferrari manager) Peter Windsor. US F1 was aiming to be the only F1 team based outside Europe, with their factory located in Charlotte, North Carolina. This was part of Anderson and Windsor's plan to promote American drivers and technology, as was their initial aim to run two American drivers in the 2010 season.
Origins.
On February 24, 2009, Peter Windsor and Ken Anderson appeared on the American cable television network SpeedTV to announce their intent to file an entry of a new Formula 1 team named US F1 for the 2010 Formula One World Championship.
On June 12, 2009, Team US F1 was granted entry to the 2010 Formula One World Championship. Due to the political controversy between the FIA and FOTA during the summer of 2009, US F1 was unable to sign the Concorde Agreement until July 29, 2009. This caused some delays in the planned schedule for production with certain budget caps and technical regulations still under debate at that time that were dropped in the final agreement.
Team US F1 set up a base of operations in Charlotte, North Carolina, in a building that at one time housed NASCAR Joe Gibbs/Toyota Racing operations. The team announced its plans for a secondary base at Motorland Aragón in Spain to allow simplicity of operations during the European portion of the calendar without transport of materials back to North Carolina.
2010 season.
On December 22, 2009, F1 CEO Bernie Ecclestone was one of those to express doubts about the team making it to the grid for 2010. Windsor denied these doubts and on the same day finally unveiled a completed team website. Over the Christmas holiday, Windsor's blog stated that the development team had only taken off 2 days "when European-based teams might break for a few weeks" and that he would not allow "16 valuable days lost in the too-short life of the F1 European winter" to be wasted.
Originally the team planned on running two American drivers. Windsor later altered that goal, stating that the team might employ more experienced, non-American drivers in their first season to help speed up future development. The team denied the possibility of using so-called pay drivers. On November 21, 2009, Argentine driver José María López announced that he had a conditional deal in place with the USF1 team to drive in the 2010 season, providing he secured an eight million-dollar sponsorship package. On January 23, 2010 it was reported that Lopez had completed a deal with USF1 to drive in the 2010 season, and on January 25, 2010 it was officially announced that he would drive for the team. Windsor said that "securing 'Pechito' Lopez for our debut season has been a goal of ours for a long time" in an official release on the team website. At the same time the team signed the former Honda test driver James Rossiter, although this was never officially confirmed. Rossiter was then nearly signed by KV Racing Technology to race in the IndyCar Series.
The team's chassis, to be known as the USF1 Type 1, was to utilize the Cosworth CA2010 engine. In September, the first images of the Type 1 appeared in an interview on SpeedTV's Windtunnel program. A blog entry by senior engineer Scott Bennett revealed that the car would not simply be a design clone of many current cars, but would be very innovative in development. US F1 was to have been the only new team in 2010 to feature their own gearbox, produced by EMCO Gears, Inc.
Windsor's team blog confirmed that one of the team's initial investors was the advertising agency of Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, while millionaire Chad Hurley, co-founder of YouTube, was the team's primary investor.
Team shutdown.
By mid-February, it was widely reported that the team was in imminent danger of collapse due to financial problems, and that Hurley had withdrawn his backing from the project. On February 20, Ken Anderson said that the team were asking the FIA if it could miss the first four races of the season and begin at the . He said the FIA were working with him to evaluate options for the team. Furthermore, Anderson said that Peter Windsor was still in the project, and that Chad Hurley remained with the team. He also weighed up the fact that López could take his money to rival team Campos Meta but he hoped he'd stay with US F1. On February 23, Locstein, a Swiss-based financial services firm and potential sponsors of the team, released a press statement saying "When it was apparent that the team was not able to participate in the entire 2010 season, Locstein elected to withdraw from further involvement with USF1". The withdrawal sparked fresh allegations about the state of the team's finances, forcing the FIA to evaluate the situation further.
In late February, senior team personnel accused Windsor and Anderson of fundamentally mis-managing the team, with any and all decisions having to go through Anderson before they could be approved, creating a hold up in the design and build process. The personnel claim the team had known it was in trouble as early as December, but it was not until February that Windsor and Anderson were made aware of the danger - when all of the staff members unanimously expressed doubts that USF1 would arrive in Bahrain. On February 24, FIA technical delegate Charlie Whiting inspected the team's facilities in order to assess its readiness for the 2010 season. A week later it was revealed the team "was not capable of competing".
On February 26, journalist Adam Cooper reported that Hurley was in discussion with Zoran Stefanović to try and merge US F1 with Stefan Grand Prix - Anderson and Windsor were said to be against the move. Stefanović subsequently acknowledged that negotiations had taken place, but that they had been unsuccessful. Subsequently on February 28, it was revealed that Anderson and Hurley has formally asked the FIA to defer their entry until 2011, offering to post a seven-figure bond as proof of their intentions to race. The FIA subsequently announced, however, that the entry process for 2011 would be fully re-opened.
On March 2, the team personnel were dismissed from duties. Neither Anderson nor Windsor were found to comment on the subject. José María López was freed from his contract with the team the day before the factory shut down. His manager, Felipe McGough, blamed Anderson for the downfall of the team and stated that Anderson had "deceived the FIA". The FIA published an updated 2010 entry list on March 3 which did not include US F1, and included an addendum that the team "have indicated that they will not be in a position to participate in 2010". The same day, Anderson spoke to Autosport, explaining why US F1 would not be on the grid for the 2010 season. On April 1, the Charlotte Business Journal reported that the team had closed permanently, citing "serious economic and funding challenges."
Further with the shutdown it was revealed that the team had bought two trailers for the transportation and support of Formula One cars from Brawn GP. As the team failed to make it to the grid the high court put them for sale on eBay to pay off one of the team's creditors.
On June 24, the FIA World Motor Sport Council conducted a disciplinary hearing into US F1's failure to compete in the 2010 season. The team was fined €309,000 plus the costs of the hearing, and banned from competing in any FIA-sanctioned championship.
Rebirth as Cypher Group.
In early 2010, plans emerged for a prospective American team known as Cypher, which was later confirmed to be formed from the remains of USF1. This re-imagining of the team is not associated with either Ken Anderson or Peter Windsor.
The Cypher Group later withdrew their bid to join F1 for the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21418348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418348" title="Yil Lull">
Yil Lull

"Yil Lull" is a song written and performed by Joe Geia. It originally appeared on his 1988 album of the same name. Yill Lull means sing in Guugu Yimithirr. The colours used in the lyrics are the colours of the Aboriginal flag.
"Yil Lull" is considered an aboriginal anthem. It was performed by The Black Arm Band in their murundak concert. It has been covered by Singers For The Red Black & Gold, Paul Kelly and Marcia Howard (Goanna).
Singers For The Red Black & Gold.
In 1998 "Yil Lull" was released as a single by Singers For The Red Black & Gold. This version was sung by Archie Roach, Paul Kelly, Christine Anu, Judith Durham, Kutcha Edwards, Renee Geyer and Tiddas with the music performed by Stephen Hadley (Paul Kelly Band, Professor Ratbaggy) (bass), Bruce Haymes (Paul Kelly Band, Professor Ratbaggy) (keyboards), Spencer P. Jones (guitar), Peter Luscombe (drums), Shane O'Mara (Paul Kelly Band, Rebecca's Empire, Tim Rogers and the Temperance Union) (guitar). This version also appeared on a compilation for the 2000 Olympics called "Our Island Home" (2000, Festival Mushroom Records).

</doc>
<doc id="21418363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418363" title="Arkansas Act 1">
Arkansas Act 1

Arkansas Proposed Initiative Act No. 1 (2008) is an initiated state statute that was approved on November 4, 2008 election in Arkansas. This measure makes it illegal for any individuals cohabiting outside of a valid marriage to adopt or provide foster care to minors. While the measure was proposed primarily to prohibit same-sex couples from being adoptive or foster parents, this measure also applies to all otherwise qualified couples who are not legally married.
On December 30, 2008, the ACLU filed suit in state court on behalf of 29 adults and children, challenging Act 1 as unconstitutional.
On April 16, 2010, the law was overturned by Circuit Court Judge Chris Piazza. The ruling was upheld unanimously by the Arkansas Supreme Court on April 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21418372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418372" title="Day of Prayer">
Day of Prayer

A Day of Prayer is a day allocated to prayer, either by leaders of religions or the general public, for a specific purpose. Such days are usually ecumenical in nature.
World Day of Prayer for Peace.
Pope John Paul II organized the first World Day of Prayer for Peace in Assisi, Italy, on October 27, 1986. 
In all there were 160 religious leaders spending the day together with fasting and praying to their God or Gods. They represented 32 Christian religious organizations and 11 other non-Christian world religions, including:
In 1993, John Paul II repeated the Day of Prayer to pray for an end to the war in Bosnia, and invited leaders of the Christian, Muslim and Jewish religions. And on January 24, 2002, he organized another World Day of Prayer for Peace, again in Assisi. Some 200 other religious leaders were present, including Roman Catholic cardinals, Muslim clerics, Jewish rabbis, Buddhists, Sikhs, Bahais, Hindus, Jains, Zoroastrians and members of African traditional religions. Following the September 11, 2001, terrorism attacks, the event intended to discourage making religion a motive for conflict in the 21st Century- the Pope had explicitly condemned the attacks when they happened and again a year later at the commemoration, saying there was no possible excuse or justification for such acts.
Pope John Paul II's successor and former aide, Pope Benedict XVI, travelled to Assisi on Thursday, October 27, 2011 for an ecumenical discussion to commemorate the 1986 meeting, but there was no single interdenominational prayer service, reflecting the Pope Benedict XVI's view that, while such gatherings are good, one cannot give the impression- even externally, interpreted by others- that theological differences have been reduced or are not consequential.
Global Day of Prayer.
The Global day of Prayer was founded by South African businessman Graham Power in 2000. Each year, the event spread to more African countries until it spread globally in 2005. It is an ecumenical Christian event and involves 10 days of prayer before the Western Christian observance of Pentecost (beginning with Ascension Day) and 90 days of prayer after Pentecost.
National Day of Prayer.
This is a day designated by the United States Congress as a day when all Americans regardless of faith are asked to come together and pray in their own way. It is held on the first Thursday in May. A 'National Day of Prayer Task Force' was created in order to coordinate the event.
National Day of Prayer and Remembrance.
A day of prayer in the United States to commemorate the victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks.
World Peace and Prayer Day.
[http://wwww.worldpeaceandprayerday2011.org] Chief Arvol Looking Horse, Spiritual Leader, Keeper of the White Buffalo Calf Pipe, was directed to begin a spiritual journey and he committed to organize World Peace and Prayer Day in the Four Directions that would be held annually on the summer solstice, June 21. As leader of the Lakota/Dakota/Nakota (Sioux) Nation, he has invited the people of the world to return to their sacred sites on June 21 to pray to the Creator to heal the Earth and to heal relationships between people. In 1996 Chief Looking Horse led a Unity Ride of Bigfoot Riders from the Wahpeton Dakota Reservation, Saskatchewan to Grey Horn Butte (He Hota Paha) Wyoming, called Devils Tower on current maps. Over the past sixteen years the event has been hosted in Ireland (2001), Durban, South Africa (2002), Australia (2003) and Japan (2004).
In 2005 the WPPD ceremony then returned to Paha Sapa, the Sacred Black Hills for another wopila (thank you).
The Wolakota Youth Council embarked on a large scale project called Prayer Run for World Peace 2005. This project included both First Nation tribes and many non-native youth from all cultures across the nation. Starting in May 2005 groups from the four directions started their run. Los Angeles, CA in the west, Manitoba, Canada in the north, Long Island, New York in the east and the southern group from Mexico and El Paso, TX. The youth concluded their run in the Black Hills to participate in the 10th annual World Peace and Prayer Day. There was also a Prayer Ride for World Peace that started from Cypress Hills Saskatchewan. A Horse Bundle was carried by the riders on a route that brought them across Montana and through many Tribal communities. As many as 15 youth stayed on their horses all the way to the event. It was a beautiful sight to see the horses and runners come in to the beginning of World Peace and Prayer Day. They brought all their prayers in one hoop of unity.
2006: A Prayer Run for World Peace started in Vancouver, British Columbia that spanned 2,262 miles to the site of World Peace and Prayer Day in Eklutna, Alaska, hosted by the Inuit. 
2007: The Wolakota Youth Council also sponsored a Youth Prayer Run for World Peace that started in El Paso, TX and traveled over 1,600 miles to Mexico City, Mexico to the site of Teotihuacan for the ceremony that was hosted by the Mayan.
2008: The ceremony journeyed to New Zealand to Whangarei. The tribal communities of the Whangarei area mainly affiliate to the overarching tribe known as Ngati Wai who were the hosts. (http://www.wppdaotearoa2008.blogspot.com)
2009: The Intertribal Friendship House in Oakland, CA hosted the WPPD ceremony. 
2010: The fifteenth year of World Peace and Prayer Day was held at the Burgandy Brook Farm in Palmer, MA. It was hosted by Blue Star Equiculture and honored the Horse Nation. 
2011 will be held at Bdote, Minnesota USA, which is the American Indian sacred site at the confluence of the Mississippi River and Minnesota River at the border of Minneapolis and Saint Paul Minnesota. The four day event June 18–21 will include speakers and spiritual leaders from previous WPPD events around the world and an attempt at the World's Largest Group Hug on June 19, 2011 (http://www.worldpeaceandprayerday2011.org)
The First Link of Prayer from Jerusalem.
The first globally publicized "link of prayer" for peace from Jerusalem was in June 1993 organized by Dan Mazar and the Jerusalem Christian Review, a Jerusalem-based archaeological journal. The event included more than 100 Christian and political leaders from around the world and was broadcast by satellite and radio live from Jerusalem. 
Parts of the Global Prayer were also shown on the CNN, CBS, and ABC television networks and almost 120 other television stations worldwide. The Prayer Link began from Los Angeles, California with a prayer from the former U.S. President, Ronald Reagan: "I join my friends at the Jerusalem Christian Review... for this very special day. A day dedicated to prayer..." said the former US president and governor of the State of California. The "prayer link" also included prayers of political figures live by satellite from 5 continents. Leaders such as Jack Kemp, Jeane Kirkpatrick and numerous U.S. Senators, as well as former Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke all prayed for the "Peace of Jerusalem". Also included were Christian evangelists Billy Graham, Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell and James Dobson, along with denominational leaders from Europe, Africa, South America and Asia.
Day of Prayer for the Peace of Jerusalem.
A prayer meeting organized by Pentecostal evangelists Jack W. Hayford and Robert Stearns through their organization "Eagles Wings". They annually invite people around the world to pray for Jerusalem on the first Sunday of every October, close to the time of Yom Kippur. Their first prayer meeting occurred in 2004.
Haystack Prayer Meeting.
Held in August 1806 this is viewed by many scholars as the seminal event for the development of Protestant Missions in the subsequent decades and centuries. On a hot summer day, a few Williams College students gathered in a field to discuss the spiritual welfare of the people of Asia. When a thunderstorm developed over the field, the students took refuge in the lee of a large haystack and continued their prayer meeting.
Women's World Day of Prayer.
Held on the first Friday in March each year, the World Day of Prayer is the world's largest ecumenical laywomen’s initiative. It is run under the motto "Informed Prayer and Prayerful Action", and is celebrated annually by Christian women in over 170 countries. The movement aims to bring together women of various races, cultures and traditions in a yearly common day of prayer, as well as in closer fellowship, understanding and action throughout the year.
World Day of Prayer for Priests.
On the feast day of the Sacred Heart (19 days after the Western Christian observance of Pentecost), the Roman Catholic Church holds a day of prayer for the sanctification of priests.

</doc>
<doc id="21418373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418373" title="Interagency Volcanic Event Notification Plan">
Interagency Volcanic Event Notification Plan

The Interagency Volcanic Event Notification Plan (IVENP) is a program in Canada established to outline the notification procedure of some of the main agencies that would be involved in response to a volcanic eruption in Canada, an eruption close to Canada's borders, or significant enough that a volcanic eruption will have an effect on Canada and its people.
Agencies and associations.
Agencies and associations associated with the Interagency Volcanic Event Notification Plan include:

</doc>
<doc id="21418382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418382" title="Reintegration Time">
Reintegration Time

Reintegration Time is the second album from Canadian indie dance band Shout Out Out Out Out, released in Canada on March 3, 2009 and in the United States on May 5, 2009, on Nrmls Wlcm Records.
The album's first single, "In the End It's Your Friends" was released in 2008 on a 12" single split with American electronic artist San Serac.
Tracks from the album were featured in the video game "Mass Effect 3", as background music in Commander Shepard's personal cabin.

</doc>
<doc id="21418402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418402" title="Criticism of government">
Criticism of government

Criticism of government may refer to criticism of particular government, or of the concept of government itself. In certain cases, such as in certain monarchies and authoritarian governments, criticizing the government is considered criminal speech and is punished in accord which the perceived severity of the claimed crime.

</doc>
<doc id="21418420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418420" title="Criticism of monarchy">
Criticism of monarchy

Criticism of monarchy may refer to the criticism of monarchy as a form of government, or to the criticism of particular monarchical governments, as controlled by hereditary royal families. In many cases, criticism of royalty carries serious limits, and beyond those limits critical speech is regarded as criminal speech.
Monarchies were strongly criticized during the Age of Enlightenment, as well as the concepts that substained them, such as the Divine Right of Kings.
This led to the French Revolution and the proclamation of the abolition of the monarchy on 21 September 1792. As well as the American Revolution in 1774, when the Patriots suppressed the Loyalists and expelled all royal officials.
Later in Russia in 1917 with the February Revolution resulting with abdication of Tsar Nicholas II.
In this country and many others the monarchic governments were replaced by Republics, and other countries replaced their absolute monarchy with a Constitutional monarchy.
The reverse is also true with some brief return of the monarchy in France with the Bourbon Restoration, July Monarchy & The Second French Empire. Or with the Monarchy of Spain with the riturn of the monarchy but a constitutional monarchy.
In the twenty-first century, monarchies are present in the world in many forms :
•Absolute monarchy in Brunei, Qatar, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Swaziland, the United Arab Emirates UAE (inside the regional sphere of power) and the Vatican City. 
•Constitutional monarchies in Belgium, Denmark, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Monaco,the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden , Thailand, United kingdom...
Incompatibility of the monarchy with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948.
Monarchy does not comply with several articles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) proclaimed by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 10th December 1948:
Article 1.: 
'" «" All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood. " »
The rules of Succession devolution of the Crown monarchies give rights and privileges to the royal families and their descendants. The populace merit little or no previleges compared to the ruling dynasties.
Article 7.: 
"' «" All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law. All are entitled to equal protection against any discrimination in violation of this Declaration and against any incitement to such discrimination. " »
In Absolute monarchies the monarch has absolute power among his people. the lack of separation of political power and the legislative power makes it impossible to guarantee equality of the law.
Article 21.:
'" «"(1) Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his country, directly or through freely chosen representatives." »
"' «"(2) Everyone has the right of equal access to public service in his country." »
'" «"(3) The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government; this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures." »
The principle of the crown prince that applies to hereditary monarchies prevents others from becoming king. This can create royal dynasties, resulting in some dictatorship monopolizing power.
Critical speech is regarded as criminal speech and abolitionist discour is prohibited, exempl of incompatibility betwin Human Rights Act 1998 and the Treason Felony Act 1848 in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. This law protects the Queen and the Crown. Still on the statute book.
Incompatibility of the monarchy with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).
Article 1 : «All peoples have the right of self-determination. By virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development.»
Article 25 : «Every citizen shall have the right and the opportunity, without any of the distinctions mentioned in article 2 and without unreasonable restrictions:
(a) "To take part in the conduct of public affairs, directly or through freely chosen representatives;" 
(b) "To vote and to be elected at genuine periodic elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret ballot, guaranteeing the free expression of the will of the electors;"
(c) "To have access, on general terms of equality, to public service in his country.»"
The principle of hereditary monarchy is one in which the crown is passed down from one member of the royal family to another, preventing any other person to become king and so to enjoy articles 1 & 25 of International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).
Incompatibility of the monarchy with the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union stipulates
Article 21 – Non-discrimination: «Any discrimination based on any ground such as sex, race, colour, ethnic or social origin, genetic features, language, religion or belief, political or any other opinion, membership of a national minority, property, birth, disability, age or sexual orientation shall be prohibited.»
Article 23: «Equality between women and men must be ensured in all areas, including employment, work and pay.»
Some monarchies still maintain rules like male primogeniture excluding women from succession, is the case for Japan and all Islamic monarchy (Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Morocco, Sultanate of Brunei, Quatar ...)
Legitimacy of the current royal families.
Modes designation of kings do not involve democratic principles, including the election of kings by universal suffrage by the people they govern. For hereditary monarchies royal power transmission is carried from generation to generation.
Several royal families are criticized in the world and their legitimacy challenged for example:
Monarchy family of Belgium.
The Belgian Association Republican Circle (Cercle Républicain CRK (asbl) launched the petition Abolition of the monarchy in Europe to the attention of the European Parliament in March 2008 highlighting the incompatibility of the monarchy with several international declaration: Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) and the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
Monarchy family in Canada.
Debate between monarchists and republicans in Canada has been taking place since before the country's Confederation in 1867.
Republican action has taken the form of protests on Victoria Day the Canadian sovereign's official birthday, lobbying of the federal and provincial governments to eliminate Canadian royal symbols, and legal action against the Crown, specifically in relation to the Oath of Citizenship and the Act of Settlement 1701.
Monarchy family of Maroco.
The legitimacy of the king Mohammed VI is contested in 2011 with the February 20 Movement that attempts to undermine the functioning of the monarchic system for the first time in the history of this country. 
Monarchy family of Bahrain.
The Bahraini protests were initially aimed at achieving greater political freedom and equality for the majority Shia population, and expanded to a call to end the monarchy of Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa following a deadly night raid on 17 February 2011 against protesters at the Pearl Roundabout in Manama, known locally as Bloody Thursday.
Population who are systematically discriminated against by the Sunni minority and Sunni royal family.
Monarchy family of Saudi Arabia.
In August 2012 the Swedish Defense Minister Karin Enström said that Saudi Arabia could be called dictatorship.
Protests against the royal dictatorship of Al Saud family and calling for prisoners held without charge or trial to be released in April and May 2011.In the early 2012 demonstrations, protestors chanted slogans against the House of Saud and Minister of Interior, Nayef, calling Nayef a "terrorist", "criminal" and "butcher". Crackdown on protesters prevents further expression of dissent. 

</doc>
<doc id="21418432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418432" title="Criticism of democracy">
Criticism of democracy

Criticism of democracy has always existed in democratic societies, with much of the criticism claiming that democracy is either economically inefficient, politically idealistic or morally corrupt.
Economic criticisms.
Irrational voters.
Free-market-oriented economists since Milton Friedman have strongly criticized the efficiency of democracy. They base this on the argument that voters are irrational, among other things. Their criticism towards democracy is that voters are highly uninformed about many political issues, especially relating to economics, and have a strong bias about the few issues on which they are fairly knowledgeable.
The masses are not adequately educated to be able to foresee the betterment of the community they belong to, and therefore are unable to cast a vote to that effect. But given the right to vote, an uneducated man would certainly cast a vote which will more likely be wrong as effected by the personality charisma of the candidate or some other superficial reasons. An ordinary voter may also be lured into casting a vote on the basis of financial help or some other petty promises.
Efficiency of the system.
Chicago economist Donald Wittman has written numerous works attempting to counter these common views of his colleagues. He argues democracy is efficient based on the premise of rational voters, competitive elections, and relatively low political transactions costs. Economist Bryan Caplan argues, while Wittman makes strong arguments for the latter two points, he cannot overcome the insurmountable evidence in favor of voter irrationality. It still remains the Achilles heel of democratic government. The problem is not mere lack of information; it is that voters badly interpret and judge the information they do have. Unfortunately, according to Caplan, the problem lies in the fact that the relative cost of learning about a particular issue is very high compared to the cost of not knowing that information. This really becomes an issue when those ignorant people vote, which they will do because of the good feeling it gives them. Other economists, such as Meltzer and Richard, have added that as industrial activity in a democracy increases, so too do the people's demands for welfare. However, because of the median voter theorem, only a few people actually make the decisions in the country, and many may be unhappy with those decisions. In this way, they argue, democracies are inefficient. 
Wealth disparity.
This could result in a wealth disparity in such a country, or even racial discrimination. Fierlbeck (1998) points out that such a result is not necessarily due to a failing in the democratic process, but rather, "because democracy is too responsive to the desires of a large middle class increasingly willing to disregard the muted voices of economically marginalized groups within its own borders." The criticism remains that the will of the democratic majority may not always be in the best interest of all citizens within the country or beneficial to the future of the country itself.
Sociological criticisms.
Lack of political education.
Furthermore, some have argued that voters may not be educated enough to exercise their democratic right. A population with low intellect may not be capable of making beneficial decisions. They argue that the lack of rationality or even education is being taken advantage of by politicians, that compete more in the way of public relations and tactics, than in ideology. While arguments against democracy is often taken by advocates of democracy as an attempt to maintain or revive traditional hierarchy in order to justify autocratic rule, many extensions have been made to develop the argument further. This is interesting given Lipset's 1959 essay about the requirements for forming democracy, where he found that good education was present in almost all emerging democracies. However, education alone cannot sustain a democracy, though Caplan did note in 2005 that as a person's education increases, their thinking tends to be more in line with most economists.
Benefits of a specialised society.
One such argument is that the benefits of a specialised society may be compromised by democracy. As ordinary citizens are encouraged to take part in the political life of the country, they have the power to directly influence the outcome of government policies through the democratic procedures of voting, campaigning and the use of press. The result is that government policies may be more influenced by non-specialist opinions and thereby the effectiveness compromised, especially if a policy is very technically sophisticated and/or the general public inadequately informed. For example, there is no guarantee that those who campaign about the government's economic policies are themselves professional economists or academically competent in this particular discipline, regardless of whether they were well-educated. Essentially this means that a democratic government may not be providing the most good for the most amount of people. However, some have argued that this should not even be the goal of democracies because the minority could be seriously mistreated under that purported goal.
Political criticisms.
Uncontested good.
Additionally, some political scientists question the notion that democracy is an "uncontested good." If we base our critique on the definition of democracy as governance based on the will of the majority, there can be some foreseeable consequences to this form of rule. For example, Fierlbeck (1998: 12) points out that the middle class majority in a country may decide to redistribute wealth and resources into the hands of those that they feel are most capable of investing or increasing them.
Cyclical theory of government.
Machiavelli put forth the idea that democracies will tend to cater to the whims of the people, who then follow false ideas to entertain themselves, squander their reserves, and do not deal with potential threats to their rule until it is too late to oppose them. He put forth a cyclical theory of government where monarchies always decay into aristocracies, that then decay into democracies, which decay into anarchy, then tyranny, then monarchy. An Example is the timeline of France before, during, and after the French Revolution until the last Bourbon Monarch.
Political Coase Theorem.
Some have tried to argue that the Coase Theorem applies to political markets as well. Acemoglu, however, provides evidence to the contrary, claiming that the Coase Theorem is only valid while there are "rules of the game," so to speak, that are being enforced by the government. But when there is nobody there to enforce the rules for the government itself, there is no way to guarantee that low transaction costs will lead to an efficient outcome in democracies. 
Political instability.
More recently, democracy is criticised for not offering enough political stability. As governments are frequently elected on and off there tend to be frequent changes in the policies of democratic countries both domestically and internationally. Even if a political party maintains power, vociferous, headline grabbing protests and harsh criticism from the mass media are often enough to force sudden, unexpected political change. Frequent policy changes with regard to business and immigration are likely to deter investment and so hinder economic growth. For this reason, many people have put forward the idea that democracy is undesirable for a developing country in which economic growth and the reduction of poverty are top priority. However, Downs argued that the political market works much the same way as the economic market, and that there could potentially be an equilibrium in the system because of democratic process. However, he eventually argued that imperfect knowledge in politicians and voters prevented the reaching of that equilibrium. 
Oppression by the majority.
The constitutions of many countries have parts of them that restrict the nature of the types of laws that legislatures
can pass. A fundamental idea behind some of these restrictions, is that the majority of a population and its elected legislature can often be the source of minority persecutions, such as with racial discrimination. Some countries throughout the world have judiciaries where judges can serve for long periods of time, and often serve under appointed posts. This is often balanced, however, by the fact that some trials are decided by juries. While many, like Wittman, have argued that democracies work much the same way as the free market and that there is competition among parties to prevent oppression by the majority, others have argued that there is actually very little competition among political parties in democracies due to the high cost associated with campaigning. 
John T. Wenders, a professor of Economics at the University of Idaho, writes:
There is a difference between democracy and freedom. Freedom is not measured by the ability to vote. It is measured by the breadth of those things on which we do not vote.
US President James Madison devoted the whole of Federalist No. 10 to a scathing critique of democracy and offered that republics are a far better solution, saying: "...democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention; have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property; and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths." Madison offered that republics were superior to democracies because republics safeguarded against tyranny of the majority, stating in Federalist No. 10: "the same advantage which a republic has over a democracy, in controlling the effects of faction, is enjoyed by a large over a small republic".
Philosophical criticisms.
Mob rule.
Plato's "the Republic" presents a critical view of democracy through the narration of Socrates: "Democracy, which is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder, and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequaled alike." In his work, Plato lists 5 forms of government from best to worst. Assuming that "the Republic" was intended to be a serious critique of the political thought in Athens, Plato argues that only Kallipolis, an aristocracy led by the unwilling philosopher-kings (the wisest men) is a just form of government.
Violation of Property Rights.
Some Right-Libertarians criticize democracy because they claim it is impractical or immoral. The criticism for impracticality is essentially that in order to be logically consistent people would need to vote on all action, and that this would lead to the extermination of the human species. Others criticize democracy for being immoral on the grounds that it coercively involves people, i.e. it violates voluntarism and property rights.
Timocracy and oligarchy.
The other forms of government place too much focus on lesser virtues, and degenerate into each other from best to worst, starting with Timocracy, which overvalues honour. Then comes Oligarchy, overvaluing wealth, which is followed by Democracy. In Democracy, the oligarchs, or merchant, are unable to wield their power effectively and the people take over, electing someone who plays on their wishes, by throwing lavish festivals etc. However, the government grants the people too much freedom, and the state degenerates into the fourth form, Tyranny/mob rule.
Role of republicanism.
The Founding Fathers of the United States intended to address this criticism by combining democracy with republicanism. A constitution would limit the powers of what a simple majority can accomplish.
Moral decay.
Some thinkers believe democracy will result in the people's distrust and disrespect of governments or religious sanctity. The distrust and disrespect pervades to all parts of society whenever and wherever there is seniority and juniority, for example between a parent and a child, a teacher and a student. This in turn is suggested to be the cause of frequent divorces, teenage crimes, vandalism, hooliganism and low education attainment in Western societies, all of which are lower in Asian societies. It could be argued that Democracy follows essentially a doctrine of moral relativism, where no particular moral code is privileged by any form of reasonable evidence or argumentation to be true or more worthy; only what a particular group of people (that defines a particular nation) would agree to value, is to be given any value. This intrinsic property of the democratic thesis appears to conflict the very meaning of 'moral values' in a way that still demands serious scholarship and careful academic consideration.
Administrative criticisms.
Short-termism.
Democracy is also criticised for frequent elections due to the instability of coalition governments. Coalitions are frequently formed "after" the elections in many countries (for example India) and the basis of alliance is predominantly to enable a viable majority, not an ideological concurrence.
This opportunist alliance not only has the handicap of having to cater to too many ideologically opposing factions, but it is usually short lived since any perceived or actual imbalance in the treatment of coalition partners, or changes to leadership in the coalition partners themselves, can very easily result in the coalition partner withdrawing its support from the government.
Democratic institutions work on consensus to decide an issue, which usually takes longer than a unilateral decision.
Corruption within democratic governments.
This is a simple form of appealing to the short term interests of the voters. This tactic has been known to be heavily used in north and north-east region of Thailand.
Another form is commonly called Pork barrel where local areas or political sectors are given special benefits but whose costs are spread among all taxpayers.
Mere elections are just one aspect of the democratic process. Other tenets of democracy, like relative equality and freedom, are frequently absent in ostensibly democratic countries.
Moreover, in many countries, democratic participation is less than 50% at times, and it can be argued that election of individual(s) instead of ideas disrupts democracy.
Volatility/unsustainability.
The new establishment of democratic institutions in countries where the associated practices have as yet been uncommon or deemed culturally unacceptable, can result in institutions that are not sustainable in the long term. One circumstance supporting this outcome may be when it is part of the common perception among the populace that the institutions were established as a direct result of foreign pressure.
Sustained regular inspection from democratic countries, however effortfull and well-meaning, are normally not sufficient in preventing the erosion of democratic practices. In the cases of several African countries, corruption still is rife in spite of democratically elected governments, as one of the most severe examples, Zimbabwe is often perceived to have backfired into outright militarianism.

</doc>
<doc id="21418450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418450" title="Zharaskan Abdirash">
Zharaskan Abdirash

Zharaskan Abdirash (; ) was a Soviet-era Kazakh poet. He was banned during the Soviet period. His son, director Rustem Abdrashitov, made a film about his father's life in 2004, "Rebirth Island" (Russian: Остров Возрождения; Kazakh: Каладан келген кыз)

</doc>
<doc id="21418463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418463" title="Danish Sign Language">
Danish Sign Language

Danish Sign Language ("Danske Døves Landsforbund", DDL) is the sign language used in Denmark.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) assigned DSL to the French Sign Language family because of similarities in vocabulary. However, the founder of the first deaf school in Denmark, Peter Atke Castberg (in 1807), was receptive to local sign and so may have introduced FSL signs to the local language rather than FSL itself.
Norwegian Sign Language is generally thought to be a descendant of DSL. However, it may well be a mixture of DSL and indigenous sign, parallel to the situation between Swedish Sign and Finnish Sign. 
Icelandic Sign Language is closer; 37% of a set of analyzed signs (Aldersson 2006) were completely different in structure and a further 16% were similar but not the same. Faeroese and Greenlandic Sign are more clearly dialects of DSL.
External links.
Sign Language Studies | October 1, 2008 | Aldersson, Russell R; McEntee-Atalianis, Lisa J | 700+ words

</doc>
<doc id="21418481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418481" title="Coromandel Watchdog">
Coromandel Watchdog

Coromandel Watchdog is an environmental organisation lobbying in opposition to mining on the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand.
The Coromandel Peninsula is an area of high scenic values due to the presence of the original forest cover and a coastline that is popular for recreation. Goldmining has been carried out since the late 19th century. To the south of the peninsula the Martha Mine at Waihi is still operating. 
Coromandel Watchdog began protests and lobbying in the 1970s against the activities of mining companies. It was instrumental in having conservation land on the Coromandel Peninsula protected under Schedule 4 of the Crown Minerals Act.
In 2009, Watchdog was reactivated after a period of inactivity. The National-led Government is proposing the removal of up to 2,500 hectares of Coromandel land from Schedule 4 and Coromandel Watchdog have publicly come out and stated that they will fight the current proposals.

</doc>
<doc id="21418492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418492" title="OldTown White Coffee">
OldTown White Coffee

The OldTown White Coffee, () is the largest kopi tiam restaurant chain in Malaysia. Its main headquarters is in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia.
Established in 1999, OldTown Berhad ("OldTown") manufactures instant beverage mixes and products, in addition to operating over 237 café outlets throughout Malaysia and the region such as Singapore and China. 
In 2005, OldTown expanded into the food service sector with the opening of a chain of café outlets based on the traditional Ipoh coffee shop setting and ambience under the brand name "OldTown White Coffee".
OldTown now exports its instant beverage mixes to more than 10 countries.
Overseas expansion.
Currently OldTown has 10 outlets in Indonesia in areas such as Java and Bali and plans to triple the number of outlets it has by five years.
OldTown plans to open 44 outlets in Australia starting with outlets in Sydney or Melbourne in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="21418500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418500" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Madison County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21418508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418508" title="Hermann Sauppe">
Hermann Sauppe

Hermann Sauppe (December 9, 1809 – September 15, 1893) was a German classical philologist and epigraphist born in Weesenstein, near Dresden.
In 1832 he earned his doctorate from the University of Leipzig, where he was a student of Gottfried Hermann (1772-1848), who was a profound influence to Sauppe's career. Beginning in 1833, he taught classes at a secondary school in Zurich, where in 1838 he became an associate professor at the university. In 1837 he was appointed upper librarian at the cantonal library at Zurich.
In 1845 he became director of the gymnasium in Weimar, and in 1856 was appointed professor of ancient languages at the University of Göttingen. At Göttingen he was responsible for establishment of the Pedagogical Seminary.
Sauppe specialized in the field of epigraphy, and was also known for his work involving textual criticism. He was an advocate of "Sachphilologie" (philology of objects), believing that philological knowledge could be obtained not only through textual analysis, but also from other disciplines such as archaeology, numismatics, epigraphy, et al.
Among his more important writings were ""Epistola critica ad Godofredum Hermannum"" (Critical epistle to Gottfried Hermann, 1841) and ""Oratores Attici"" (1838-50). The latter work being a collection of fragmentary speeches and tracts by various Attica orators (co-edited with Johann Georg Baiter, 1801-1887).
Sauppe died in Göttingen.

</doc>
<doc id="21418528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418528" title="The Rebirth of Venus">
The Rebirth of Venus

The Rebirth of Venus is the seventh studio album by Australian indie pop musician Ben Lee, released on 10 February 2009 by New West Records.
A portion of the proceedings attained from the record are to be donated to FINCA International's village banking program. A press release said FINCA "offers financial services, not charity, to the world's lowest-income women entrepreneurs. This creates jobs, builds assets and generally improves the standard of living in these destitute communities."
Critical response to the album has been largely negative, with particular mention of the song 'I'm a Woman, Too' (which Andrew P Street of "Time Out Sydney" described as reaching "a conclusion so baffling that it defies any criticism that isn't expressed via a crowbar to the jaw"). 
The album features Missy Higgins, Nic Johns, Cary Brothers, Patience Hodgson, John Alagia ("Ripe" producer) and Lara Meyerratken.

</doc>
<doc id="21418533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418533" title="Margareta of Opole">
Margareta of Opole

Margareta of Opole (; – 15 January 1454), was a Polish princess. She was a member of the Opole branch of House of Piast and by marriage a Duchess of Oława-Lubin-Chojnów.
She was the daughter of Duke Bolko IV of Opole, by his wife Margareta, possibly a member of the House of Görz.
Life.
Around 1423, Margareta (aged eleven) married her kinsman, Duke Louis III of Oława. She bore him two sons: John I and Henry X. On 18 January 1441 Louis III died, leaving the Duchies of Lubin and Chojnów to his sons as co-rulers and the Duchy of Oława to his widow as her "Oprawa wdowia".
Henry X died in 1452 and was succeeded by his brother and co-ruler John I in Chojnów (Lubin was already pledged to the Dukes of Głogów in 1446); however, John I died one year later (1453), leaving from his marriage with Hedwig of Brzeg a son, Frederick I, now the only male representative of the Brzeg-Legnica branch.
Margareta survived her son John I by only two months. Oława was inherited by her grandson Frederick I, who eventually reunited all the family lands in 1488.

</doc>
<doc id="21418535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418535" title="Norwegian Authors' Union">
Norwegian Authors' Union

The Norwegian Authors' Union (, DnF) is an association of Norwegian authors. It was established in 1893 to promote Norwegian literature and protect Norwegian authors' professional and economic interests. DnF also works in solidarity with persecuted writers internationally.
As of 2004 the association had 513 members. The author Anne Oterholm has led the organization since March 2005. 
Organization activities.
The Norwegian Authors' Union Literary Council annually awards a number of government and independently established scholarships to both members and non-members. The Literary Council consists of nine members and provides counsel on all matters of literary art, in addition to decisions on awards. A number of famous Norwegian authors have been members of the Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="21418558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418558" title="David McAllister (disambiguation)">
David McAllister (disambiguation)

David McAllister is a German politician and former Prime Minister of Lower Saxony.
David McAllister may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21418586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418586" title="Amuse, Inc.">
Amuse, Inc.

To raise money for Japan's disaster relief efforts, more than 50 talents from Amuse collaborated to form a singing unit "Team Amuse".

</doc>
<doc id="21418596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418596" title="Ray Vega (singer)">
Ray Vega (singer)

Ray Vega (born July 28, 1961) is an American country and adult contemporary artist.
In the 1980s, Vega performed with his brother, Robert, as The Vega Brothers. The duo were signed by MCA Records and their single "Heartache the Size of Texas" peaked at No. 54 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in 1986.
Vega was signed to BNA Records as a solo artist in 1996. His debut single, "Remember When," peaked at No. 56 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was produced by Josh Leo. After the disappointing response to the single, release of Vega's debut album, also titled "Remember When," was cancelled; however promotional copies did make it into the marketplace. A second single, "Even More," failed to chart in the United States, although it reached No. 57 on the "RPM" Adult Contemporary chart in Canada.
Vega later made a pop album, 1999's "Geography," that was released in Germany by BMG. Dusty Drake cut one of Vega's songs, "And Then," and released it as his debut single in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21418601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418601" title="British Columbia wine">
British Columbia wine

British Columbia wine is Canadian wine produced in the province of British Columbia. Wines made from 100 percent British Columbia grapes can qualify for classification under one of British Columbia's two classification systems, depending on the varietal, the wine-making techniques employed, and various other restrictions.
Originally, the British Columbia Wine Institute handled regulation and marketing of the Vintners Quality Alliance (VQA), which is also an appellation system. More recently, the British Columbia Wine Authority was formed by the provincial government to regulate part of the industry. It created a second classification, "Wines of Distinction", to be also from 100 percent British Columbia grapes, but with less stringent quality control. In practice, it has strengthened the VQA classification.
British Columbia is gaining recognition for its world-class premium VQA wines. Wines which are neither labelled VQA or Wine of Distinction, and from certain producers (given special rights under the 1988 Canada-United States Free Trade Agreement), can use foreign bulk wine to produce a third category of wine which is labelled as Cellared in Canada. Significant parts of the wine industry, and respected wine writers in Canada and abroad, are quite concerned about this practice.
There are several classifications of winery, represented by numerous organizations. The smallest are known as "farmgate" wineries. "Land" wineries are mid-sized operations.
Climate.
Although Canada has a reputation for having a cold climate, much of the British Columbia Interior has a mild or dry climate which is ideal for growing grapes. Within the Interior, the Okanagan Valley in particular is known for both the high quality of its wines, and for its increasing number of respected wineries, smaller pockets such as the Creston Valley have been emerging of late, with very high quality first epoch Vinifera varietals . On the Coast, the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley in the Lower Mainland are also wine-growing regions, though experimentation with vines has happened in various southerly areas of the province.
Varieties.
The most prominent varieties of grapes grown in British Columbia are:
For red wine and rose production:
For white wines:
Growing regions.
Based on their unique terroir, there are five official viticultural areas in the province which are recognized by the VQA. Wines bearing the name of a viticultural area are produced from a minimum of 95 percent of the grapes grown in the designated area.
Association of BC Winegrowers.
The Association of British Columbia Winegrowers (ABCW) is an association of winemakers located in British Columbia. Most of the member wineries are small lot producers (less than 5,000 cases produced each year), family-owned and -operated. Their wines are all made from 100% BC-grown fruit. The ABCW's 57 members account for over 70% of the province's wineries.
In 2007, the ABCW created BC WineCast, an audio podcast exploring hidden wineries of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21418608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418608" title="Halmus chalybeus">
Halmus chalybeus

Halmus chalybeus, commonly known as the steelblue ladybird, is a species of ladybird (the beetle family Coccinellidae). It has an iridescent blue/green colouration and is a predator of other insects. It was introduced to New Zealand from Australia in 1899 and 1905 to control black scale and blue gum scale (see scale insect) on citrus trees, where it is now common in northern regions. It has also been recorded eating San Jose scale. They are about 3-4 mm long.

</doc>
<doc id="21418610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418610" title="Dalhatu United">
Dalhatu United

Dalhatu United Football Club is a Nigerian football club based in Gusau, Zamfara State. They play in the second level of professional football in Nigeria, the Nigeria National League. 

</doc>
<doc id="21418612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418612" title="Atomic Motion">
Atomic Motion

Atomic Motion Games is an independent video game developer based in Budapest, Hungary. Its games are based on a 3D engine licensed from DR Technologies.
Games.
Atomic Motion worked with Evolved Games and SouthPeak Interactive on "" for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360. It was released in the second half of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21418616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418616" title="James D. Moffat">
James D. Moffat

James David Moffat was the 3rd president of Washington & Jefferson College. 
Moffat, a native of New Lisbon, Ohio, was born on March 15, 1846. He spent his youth in St. Clairsville, Ohio and Bellaire, Ohio before working as a teacher and a bookkeeper. He entered Jefferson College in 1865 and graduated from Washington & Jefferson College in 1869. He studied at Princeton Theological Seminary from 1869-1871. Following ordination in 1873, he served as pastor in Wheeling, West Virginia. He received three Doctor of Laws degrees, one from the Western University of Pennsylvania in 1897, another from University of Pennsylvania in 1901, and another from the Missouri Valley College in 1906. Moffat received two honorary Doctor of Divinity degrees, one from Hanover College in 1882 and one from the College of New Jersey in 1883.
He was elected third president of Washington & Jefferson College on November 16, 1881. During his tenure, the college experienced a period of growth, including a threefold increase in number of professors and new campus buildings.
In 1884, the college purchased the land known as the "old fair ground," now used for Cameron Stadium, for the sum of $7,025. The student body agreed to contribute one dollar each term to finance the purchase. The college built a new gymnasium (now the Old Gym) in 1893; Hays Hall was completed in 1903; Thompson Memorial Library opened in 1905; and Thistle Physics Building was completed in 1912. In 1893, the campus installed an electric lighting system. In 1892, the Board of Trustees granted a request from senior class that they be graduated in cap and gown, establishing that tradition at W&J for all future commencements.
He personally paid for the 1912 renovations of McMillan Hall. Moffat resigned on January 1, 1915 after 33 years of service, citing his age of 68 years and the responsibilities of his office as factors in his retirement. At that time, he was one of the oldest college presidents in continuous service the county, and his salary of $7,100 made him one of the highest paid presidents in the county. He died his home in Washington, Pennsylvania on November 4, 1916 after a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="21418632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418632" title="Ariellah Aflalo">
Ariellah Aflalo

Ariellah Aflalo is a contemporary bellydance fusion dancer of Moroccan ancestry.
Ariellah Aflalo is a contemporary Dark Fusion belly dancer, known for her dance technique and powerful stage presence. The signature dark flavor of her style, along with her skill as a dancer, has made her a legend in both the conventional and Gothic belly dance scenes.
Biography.
Ariellah Aflalo grew up in California, raised in the traditions of her Moroccan heritage. She began to study classical ballet with the Royal Academy of Dance of London at the age of three and continued the training for the next 12 years. Upon moving to the San Francisco Bay Area, she took a hiatus from dance to complete her education and travel to Ivory Coast as a member of the Peace Corps.
After returning to the United States, Ariellah began studying folkloric North African belly dance under Janine Ryle. Janine was a student of Magana Baptiste and the renowned belly dance institution Hahbi ‘Ru. Ariellah soon became a member of Janine’s troupe, Dance Maghreb, which performed authentic Algerian and Berber dances. Seeing that the dance form was a natural fit for Ariellah, Janine encouraged her to seek instruction from the now-legendary Rachel Brice. Ariellah began studying Tribal Fusion belly dance with Rachel in 2002 and, a year later, became one of the founding members of Rachel’s troupe, The Indigo Belly Dance Company.
When The Indigo began touring worldwide with the Bellydance Superstars, Ariellah chose to remain home where she could continue her personal dance projects and help nurture a fast-growing following of students. As the only stationary and locally accessible tie to The Indigo, as well as an innovator of Tribal Fusion belly dance in her own right, Ariellah quickly grew in popularity.
Goth scene influence.
Ariellah was drawn into the goth scene in her teenage years. With an exotic background and appearance, she never quite fit in among her conventional peers but was embraced by the goth community. Ariellah began attending Death Guild — the longest-running goth club in San Francisco. There, the dance floor became an incubator for the personal style that she would later incorporate into belly dance. To this day, Ariellah continues to be involved in various artistic projects and events within the goth scene — locally, nationally, and across the world.
“Dark Fusion” belly dance.
Ariellah’s personal adaptation of Tribal Fusion belly dance gave birth to an offshoot style that she refers to as Dark Fusion. It preserves the fundamentals of traditional Middle Eastern belly dance technique, with a strict emphasis on posture and muscle isolations of the hips, stomach, shoulders, and chest. Unique to the style is a distinctive expression of dark emotion, frequently presented in theatrical fashion. The choice of music and costuming is often influenced by trends in the goth scene.
From Ariellah’s website:
…in dark fusion belly dance performances, a deep emotion is invoked in the audience and there is a sense of the audience being brought into the performance. The energy that flows from the dancer is strong and piercing and draws the audience in with its expressiveness.”
In 2007, Ariellah founded Deshret Dance Company (DDC). Under Ariellah’s artistic direction, and with contributions from the troupe members, DDC became a vehicle for further exploration of Dark Fusion belly dance in the arena of group choreography and performance.

</doc>
<doc id="21418635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418635" title="Edwin F. Taylor">
Edwin F. Taylor

Edwin F. Taylor is an American physicist known for his contributions to the teaching of physics. Taylor was editor of the American Journal of Physics, and is author of several introductory books to physics. In 1998 he was awarded the Oersted Medal for his contributions to the teaching of physics. 
Taylor holds a PhD in physics from Harvard University, and spent most of his academic career at the Department of Physics of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="21418700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418700" title="George P. Hays (college president)">
George P. Hays (college president)

George Price Hays was the 2nd president of Washington & Jefferson College. 
Hays was born in Miller's Run, Pennsylvania on February 2, 1838. He studied at Jefferson College, graduating in 1857, and at the Western Theological Seminary (now Pittsburgh Theological Seminary). He was licensed to preach in 1859. Hays continued his education and earned Doctor of Divinity degree from Lafayette College in 1870 and a LL.D. from Hanover College.
He was elected second president of Washington & Jefferson College on August 3, 1870. The inauguration was held on September 21, 1870 in the Town Hall at Washington, Pennsylvania. In 1875, the college began the expanding "Old Main" by adding a third floor and two towers, at a cost of $65,000. By 1877, the costs reached a total of $73,196.51. By 1878, the Board of Trustees was forced to reduce the salaries of the professors and the president. Hays submitted his resignation on December 18, 1878, but the Board of Trustees declined to accept it. On March 26, 1879, President Hays took a leave of absence without pay. On June 20, 1881, the Board of Trustees accepted Hays' resignation and he returned to the ministry full-time, preaching in Denver, Cincinnati, and Kansas City.

</doc>
<doc id="21418701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418701" title="Vernon Nkadimeng">
Vernon Nkadimeng

Vernon Nkadimeng (25 June 1958 in Alexandra - 21 May 1985 in Gaborone, Botswana) was a member of the African National Congress who was killed while in exile in Botswana by the apartheid secret police.
Life.
He fled South Africa following the 1976 Soweto uprising at the age of 18. He entered the Umkhonto We Sizwe (MK) in Angola, the armed wing of the ANC and soon rose up through the military structures of the MK. He traveled to Czechoslovakia with the MK, where he received specialist military training. On 21 May 1985, Nkadimeng was killed by a car bomb placed by the apartheid police.

</doc>
<doc id="21418708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418708" title="Tom Edwards (American football)">
Tom Edwards (American football)

Thomas Leighton "Tom" Edwards (December 12, 1899 – January 28, 1980) was an American football player. He was an All-American tackle for the University of Michigan and played professional football for the New York Yankees and Detroit Panthers in 1926.
Youth.
A native of Traverse City, Edwards was 5 feet, 11 inches tall. He grew up working on the farm of his father, Randolph Thomas Edwards, in Central Lake, Michigan.
University of Michigan.
Edwads attended the University of Michigan where he earned his first letter as a football player in 1924. In 1925, he played guard and tackle for the Michigan Wolverines squad that legendary coach Fielding H. Yost called "the best team I ever coached." Edwards suffered a torn ligament injury in October 1925, and started only five of Michigan's eight games in 1925.
In 1925, Billy Evans wrote: "The consensus is that Edwards of Michigan is the best tackle in the Big Ten. However, the fact that he has been out of the game so much because of injuries caused the experts to relegate him to the second team. At getting down the field, Edwards is a wonder and when he tackles an opponent he stays tackled. But due to the limited amount he has played it would be almost unfair to rate him ahead of men who have been in every game." Evans' omission of Edwards from his All-Western team drew criticism from another writer who opined: "Most sports writers will agree that Edwards is one of the greatest tackles ever to be produced at any school and is justly deserving of All-American selection, let alone All-Conference."
Edwards was named as a first-team All-American at right tackle by Walter Eckersall of the Chicago Tribune. Eckersall said: "Edwards made his presence felt in every Michigan game." Edwards was also selected as a second-team All-American by Grantland Rice for Collier's Weekly and Norman E. Brown. He was also selected to play in the inaugural East-West Shrine Game on December 26, 1925, in San Francisco. The 1925 Michigan team had six All-Americans, including Edwards, Bennie Oosterbaan, Benny Friedman Robert J. Brown, Bo Molenda and Harry Hawkins.
Professional football.
In 1926, Edwards played on the American League New York Yankees football team with Red Grange, Angus Goetz, and Paul G. Goebel. He also played in 12 games for the Panthers in 1926.
Later years.
After his career as a football player ended, Edwards became the athletic director for the Detroit Police Department. He also appraised real estate and lived in Dearborn, Michigan for many years. In the 1960s, he purchased his family's farm and lived there until his death. He wrote a column for the local paper called "The Old Crab."
Edwards died in Clearwater, Florida at age 80 in 1980. He was buried at Lakeview Cemetery in Torch Lake, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21418744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418744" title="Nkurenkuru">
Nkurenkuru

Nkurenkuru (1.093 m above sea level) is a town on the south-western banks of the Kavango River in the Kavango Region, Namibia, 140 km west of Rundu. Nkurenkuru has a population of around 7.650 inhabitants and is homestead of the local Uukwangali kings and until 1936, also was capital for the entire region. Since then, the seat of the regional government was moved to Rundu, due to its strategically more central location. 
On the opposite, north-eastern banks of the river lies Cuangar in Angola and the two towns are linked via a nearby border post. Today, Nkurenkuru is the second town of the Kavango region, after Rundu.
History.
The history of Nkurenkuru (formerly also "Kuring Kuru"), Kwangali language: "„the old place”", is closely linked with the history of the Kwangali people, the westernmost of the five kingdoms of the Kavango people people. 
The currently oldest deliverances date around the middle of the 18th century, when Uukwangali queen ("hompa") Mate I. and her people left their former area of settlement on the Kwando River near Mashi and moved about 500 km to the west into an area near Makuzu , around 20 km to the northwest of Nkurenkuru. Successor of Queen Mate I. became "hompa" Nankali (1750–1775). During her reign tensions arose with neighboring people and the Kwangali moved from Mazuku first to Sihangu near Mukukuta and then further to Karai (nearby today's "Cuangar"). Likely during the reign of hompa Siremo, Nkurenkuru was founded in 1820 and became homestead of the kings under Queen Mpande in 1880. 
On December 30, 1886, Portugal and Germany signed a bilateral agreement, in which the borders between Angola and South-West Africa were defined along the Okavango River. The tribes of the Kavango people, who at this time settled on both sides of the river, were informed about this new territorial setting only afterwards. On the north side of the river, the Portuguese started with the construction of a number of forts; among others "Fort Cuangar", directly opposite of the residence of the Kwangali kings. On the south side, a number of military and missionary expeditions were carried out along the river. On August 17, 1909, Berengar von Zastrow, for the German administration, and King Himarua (1886–1910), for the Uukwangali hompas, signed a protection agreement ("Schutzvertrag") with general authority for the government in Windhuk and land ownership of the kings. In response to those forts on the northern side of the river, the German administration opened a police station in Nkurenkuru on June 17, 1910, which over the following years mainly assumed representative tasks. With the outbreak of World War I and a murdered German delegation at Naulila, the police station was used to launch an attack on Fort Cuangar on October 31, 1914, in which all present 30 Portugugese and Angolan soldiers were killed. With the end of the war the station was closed and first replaced by a temporary British occupation and from April 1921 onwards by a permanent governor for the newly established Kavango district. The new local government resulted in an extended political presence of the new League of Nations mandate government of South-West Africa, but already in 1936 the administration was moved to Rundu, which was also chosen as the new district capital. Consequently, during the following 50 years Nkurenkuru fell into increasing insignificance.
A Finnish mission station.
The Finnish Missionary Society began its work in Kavango at Nkurenkuru from the beginning of 1929. Nkurenkuru had been chosen as the first Finnish mission station by the local mission chief of Ovamboland, Isak Alho, along with Eetu Järvinen, who had visited the place the previous year. The mission station was established near the local government station.
The first missionary in Nkurenkuru was Eetu Järvinen, who arrived there on New Year’s Day, 1929, in order to build the main building of the mission station. The first permanent missionary, Aatu Järvinen (later Järvineva), arrived on the scene on 8 June 1929, together with his wife Alma. In 1931 they were joined by Anna Rautaheimo, who was a nurse, and Kyllikki Alava.
In 1990 the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (ELCIN) founded a secondary school and a high school in Nkurenkuru with the aid of the Finnish Missionary Society. For a number of years the school has had some Finnish teachers teaching e.g. the natural sciences.
During the Angolan Civil War.
During the Angolan Civil War (1975–2002) Nkurenkuru became home for a base of the South African Defence Force.
Since independence.
Since independence of Namibia in 1990 and in particularly since an ongoing decentralisation policy, Nkurenkuru has gained some investments. In 2006 Nkurenkuru was declared a "town" and second urban centre of the Kavango Region.
Economy and traffic.
Compared to many other cities in Namibia, Nkurenkuru is still underdeveloped. Like many towns in Northern Namibia, Nkurenkuru suffered from a bad infrastructure and the political unrest in neighboring Angola. Until then, the economy of Nkurenkuru was characterized by small farmers with only few general services: next to a post office, two schools, a small hospital and a petrol station, Nkurenkuru had only few other shops. 
Since independence in 1990, Nkurenkuru gained only slowly from national infrastructure improvements. Only with an ongoing decentralisation policy of the government, which is to counterbalance rural migration, Nkurenkuru gained more economic prosperity. With the proclamation as a "town", Nkurenkuru receives means for the establishment of a municipal administration and additional means for infrastructure and public services, which also led to more workplaces. Among the largest projects currently under way are the asphaltation of the river road to Rundu as well as an irrigation project for a more efficient agricultural use of the surrounding farmland. Since then, additional private investments have also followed — like the opening of additional shops and banks (e.g. Bank Windhoek) and the opening of lodges and guest houses along the river (e.g. Sunshine River Guest House). 
Nepara Airfield (ICAO Code: FYNP), a former base of the South African Air Force, lies around 20 km southwest of Nkurenkuru and is used as a commercial airport for Nkurenkuru. About 35 km to the northwest lies the Katwitwi border post, from which a road leads further to Menongue in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="21418753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418753" title="Two Faces West">
Two Faces West

Two Faces West is a 39-episode half-hour syndicated television western series set in Gunnison in southwestern Colorado, which aired from October 17, 1960, to July 31, 1961. It stars Scottish native Charles Bateman (born 1930) in the dual roles of twin brothers, Rick January, M.D., and Marshal Ben January. Matthew Rapf produced the series.
Francis De Sales (1912-1988) appeared as Sheriff Maddox; Joyce Meadows portrayed Stacy, and Paul Comi (born 1932) played Deputy Johnny Evans. In the marshal's role, Bateman played a man prone to violent outbursts in his pursuit of law and order; as the physician, he demonstrated calmness and compassion. The series was filmed by Screen Gems at the Iverson's Movie Ranch in Chatsworth in Los Angeles County, California.
Episodes and guest stars.
The series premiere is entitled "Hot Water". Other episodes with notable guest stars include:
The series finale is "The Assassin".

</doc>
<doc id="21418758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418758" title="Jonathan Edwards (Washington &amp; Jefferson College)">
Jonathan Edwards (Washington &amp; Jefferson College)

Jonathan Edwards was the 1st president of Washington & Jefferson College following the union of Washington College and Jefferson College. 
Edwards was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on July 19, 1817. He graduated from Hanover College in 1835 and from Hanover's theological department in 1838. Edwards taught in Kentucky from 1838 to 1842 before becoming ordained clergy in the Presbyterian Church in 1844. He served as pastor at various churches in Ohio, Maryland, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Edwards served as the fifth president of Hanover College from 1855 through 1857.
On April 4, 1866, Edwards was elected as the first president of the newly unified Washington & Jefferson College. By the end of his presidency, the college was considering consolidating the two campuses, a direction Edwards supported. Edwards resigned the presidency of W&J on April 20, 1869 to accept a pastoral charge in Baltimore. He died in Peoria, Illinois on July 13, 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="21418763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418763" title="Air Industries Machining Corp.">
Air Industries Machining Corp.

Air Industries is an ISO9001 and AS9100 certified aerospace company with corporate headquarters located in Bay Shore, New York on the south shore of Long Island. Specializing in the manufacturing of aircraft structural parts and assemblies for most of the prime contractors in the aerospace industry. With annual revenues of approximately 33M (CY 2006), Air Industries is one of several Aerospace Manufacturers serving the Niche Market of 3rd party processors with contracts to larger aerospace firms. The manufacturing plant is a 76,000 sq. ft. Facility subdivided into three buildings for various levels of production. (Engineering, Fabrication & Production, Inspection, Assembly, etc.)
Major manufacturer for companies such as Airbus (landing gear components and assemblies), Sikorsky, Boeing, and Northrop Grumman.

</doc>
<doc id="21418779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418779" title="Juan Velásquez">
Juan Velásquez

Club career.
Velásquez played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Alianza Atlético and Sport Boys in the Peruvian First Division.
International career.
From 1999 to 2000, he also made six appearances for the senior Peru national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="21418797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418797" title="Dahm House">
Dahm House

The Dahm House is a historic townhouse in Mobile, Alabama. The two-story brick structure was built in 1873 for John Dahm. It was designed by Bassett Capps. A two-story frame addition was added in 1929. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5, 1984. In addition to being listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places, it is also a contributing building to the Lower Dauphin Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="21418803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418803" title="Noel Haggard">
Noel Haggard

Noel Lee Haggard (born September 4, 1963 in Bakersfield, California) is an American country music artist.
Haggard is the son of country music legend Merle Haggard. He was signed to a recording deal with Atlantic Records and released his debut album, "One Lifetime", in 1997. The album produced two singles, both of which peaked at No. 75 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
His first single, "Once You Learn," also peaked at No. 72 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada. His second single, "Tell Me Something Bad About Tulsa," was covered by George Strait on his 2003 album "Honkytonkville". Strait's version of the song peaked at No. 11 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Haggard was also featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 film "Maverick" as a member of the "Maverick Choir."

</doc>
<doc id="21418806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418806" title="Gals (satellite)">
Gals (satellite)

Gals is one Russian series of communication satellites. The first launch was on 20 January 1994, for Chinese TV broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="21418844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418844" title="Mauvais noir">
Mauvais noir

Mauvais noir is an alternative name to several wine grape varieties including:

</doc>
<doc id="21418853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418853" title="Meaher-Zoghby House">
Meaher-Zoghby House

The Meaher-Zoghby House is a historic townhouse in Mobile, Alabama. The two-story brick structure was built in 1901 for Augustine Meaher. It retains its original cast iron details and front yard fence. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5, 1984. In addition to being listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places, it is also a contributing building to the Lower Dauphin Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="21418885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418885" title="Mountain Athletic Conference (NCHSAA)">
Mountain Athletic Conference (NCHSAA)

The Mountain Athletic Conference (MAC) is a split 4A/3A North Carolina High School Athletic Association conference which operates in the western region of North Carolina, mostly in Buncombe County with the exception of McDowell High School (Marion, North Carolina) in McDowell County.

</doc>
<doc id="21418914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418914" title="Erik Rotheim">
Erik Rotheim

Erik Andreas Rotheim (19 September 1898 - 18 September 1938) was a Norwegian professional chemical engineer and inventor.
He was born in Kristiania, earned his engineering degree in Switzerland and established his own company at home in Oslo in 1925. He is best known for invention of the aerosol spray can, the patent application for which he submitted in 1926. The Norwegian patent was granted in June 1929. He filed the United States patent application on 30 September 1927 and it was approved on 7 April 1931.
Prior to the issuance of the patent Rotheim had negotiated an agreement with Alf Bjercke's paint factory in 1928, but commercial success was initially limited. The patent was sold to a US company for . Commercial exploitation of the patent was not significant until it was introduced in the United States in the 1940s. Norway Post celebrated the invention by issuing a stamp in 1998. After Rotheim's death the technology made a significant advance with its incorporation into the airbrush. And in the 1940s improvements to the underlying principle of the spray head by the Americans Lyle D. Goodhue and William N. Sullivan allowed the technology to be further adapted, first to insect control, and later in various other applications.

</doc>
<doc id="21418915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418915" title="Numbers 1 &amp; 2">
Numbers 1 &amp; 2

Numbers 1 & 2 is a 1967 album by Lester Bowie featuring a line-up which later became the Art Ensemble of Chicago. It was released on the Nessa label and features performances by Bowie, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors, and Joseph Jarman.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "The pretty spontaneous music often wanders and rambles a bit, reaching some surprising conclusions and showing expert use of space; very advanced for 1967".
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="21418923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418923" title="Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church">
Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church

Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church is a member congregation of the Presbyterian Church in America, located at 2420 Donelson Drive, Hickory Withe, Tennessee. Two churches, Prosperity Presbyterian Church and Mount Pleasant Presbyterian Church, merged in 1907 to form Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church.
History.
Prosperity Presbyterian Church was located near Oakland, Tennessee (between Oakland and Arlington, Tennessee) in western Fayette County, Tennessee. It was named Prosperity because many of the charter members came from Prosperity, South Carolina. Prosperity was organized on the fourth Sunday in December, 1834 by 29 congregants. Later the congregation moved to the southeast corner of the intersection of State Route 196 and Donelson Drive. The Prosperity Church soon became a member congregation of the Presbyterian Church in the United States.
Also in 1834, a Cumberland Presbyterian Church was established in the Hickory Withe community called Mount Pleasant Church. This church was originally located on Ivy Road at the site of the Mount Pleasant Cemetery. The name was later changed to the Hickory Withe Cumberland Presbyterian Church, and it moved to the location on Donelson Drive, where the present day Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church is located.
On May 10, 1907, the congregation of Hickory Withe Cumberland Presbyterian Church at Hickory Withe voted to dissolve and the membership was received into Prosperity Presbyterian Church. The Cumberland congregation had the larger church building and the Prosperity Presbyterian Church had a pastor, so the congregations united. The name of the church was changed to Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church.
For more than 50 years, the Hickory Withe Church shared a minister with the Oakland Presbyterian Church, and would have Sunday School each Sunday but would have worship services only twice a month. 
In 1980 with the recommendation of the session and 100% vote of the congregation, the church withdrew from the Presbyterian Church in the United States and joined the Presbyterian Church in America.
Historic buildings.
The sanctuary of the Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church is a simple Carpenter Gothic structure in the Gablefront house style. It was erected in the 1850s, and today's structure remains faithful to the original architecture. Changes to the original sanctuary include: closing off the original "slave gallery," which was provided during the early American era when slave-owners were expected to bring their slaves to church in order that they may be converted; replacement installation of stained-glass windows; installation of a raked sub-floor; and replacement of the shingled roof with a metal roof. Nearing condemned status in the 1980s, the sanctuary foundation was fully repaired and the building returned to sound condition. 
There was a school located on the west side of the church, and in the 1930s it was determined that there was a need for the old school to be torn down and a new school built by the Works Progress Administration. Will Weber, a Ruling Elder of Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church and chairman of the School Board, is reported to have prayed alone all night asking God's will on where the school should be built. The next morning he announced that the front of the school should be at the edge of the church property. In 1974, Ruling Elders Alfred Hodges (at that time a county commissioner) and Mayes Webb (a member of the school board) helped in an effort for the church to buy the school building for use as the church's fellowship hall.
Also in the 1980s, an education wing was added onto the sanctuary building, adding multiple classrooms, nursery facilities, bathrooms, utility/storage space, and a Pastor's Study. Wheelchair access was also added with the new wing.
Location.
Hickory Withe Presbyterian Church is located at 2420 Donelson Drive in Hickory Withe, Tennessee, in Fayette County, Tennessee.
List of pastors.
Douglas (Doug) Barcroft (February 21, 2010–present)
J.E. Eubanks, Jr. (October 8, 2007–October 16, 2011)
James E. (Jim) Hayes (1997–February 26, 2007)
Cecil Wells (1996–April 27, 1997)
Kenneth Lee (Ken) Camp (November, 1981–October 15, 1996)
Charles Robert Coe, Jr. (October, 1980–October, 1981)
Charles E. (Chuck) Swann (September, 1975–December, 1978)
Ben W. Baker (April, 1972–August, 1975)
C.V. Crabb (February, 1967–February, 1972)
Dr. Samuel Edgar McFadden (October, 1961–November, 1966)
Robert Hyatt (April, 1959–July, 1960)
Algernon Killough (June, 1954–June, 1958)
George H. Totton (July, 1952–October, 1953)
Charles H. Hamilton (June, 1939–June, 1941)
Dr, Walter S. Swetnam (April, 1931–July, 1935)
P.P. Dawson (January, 1927–September, 1928)
Haller Shelton Henderson (February, 1921–March, 1926)
O.W. Wardlaw (November 28, 1915–September 12, 1920)
J.D. Hemming (April 30, 1911–September, 1913)
G.H. Kirken (July 13, 1906–January 10, 1910)
S.S. (Sid) Gill (January 27, 1861–April 9, 1905)
J.H. Waddell (September 8, 1860—served as Moderator at that time)
Robert McCoy (April, 1858–January, 1860)
A.D. Metcalf (February 26, 1854–April 8, 1858)
Louis McNeely (February 26, 1854–April 8, 1858)
Robert McCoy (May 20, 1848–January 22, 1854)
T.L. Newbury (September 6, 1846–December, 1846)
M.T. Alien (October 2, 1841–April 7, 1846)
Peter R. Bland (November 1, 1840–April 4, 1841)
Henry W. Kerr (February 21, 1836–April 4, 1840)
Peter Randolph Bland (December 1834–August 31, 1835)

</doc>
<doc id="21418946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418946" title="Bin He">
Bin He

Bin He (born 1957), is an accomplished American biomedical engineering scientist. He is Distinguished McKnight University Professor of Biomedical Engineering and Medtronic-Bakken Endowed Chair for Engineering in Medicine at the University of Minnesota. He serves as the director of Institute for Engineering in Medicine and the Center for Neuroengineering at the University of Minnesota. He is the Editor in Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering. He was the president of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine & Biology Society (EMBS) from 2009 to 2010.
Biography.
He did his postdoctoral study at Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology in USA. After working as a Research Scientist at MIT, he later joined the faculty of Electrical Engineering and Bioengineering at the University of Illinois at Chicago, where He was named a University Scholar by the university president. 
In January 2004, He became the Professor of Biomedical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Neuroscience at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis. He is also in charge of the Biomedical Functional Imaging and Neuroengineering Laboratory at the university, and has served as the founding director of Center for Neuroengineering at the same university. From 2011, He has served as director of NSF IGERT Training Program on Systems Neuroengineering. In August 2012, He was named director of the Institute for Engineering in Medicine, a campus-wide research institute aimed at advancing innovative engineering solutions for tomorrow's medicine, by fostering collaborations between biomedical colleges and College of Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota. 
From 2002 to 2005, He was the President of the International Society of Bioelectromagnetism. From 2007 to 2008, He was the President of International Society for Functional Source Imaging. From 2005 to 2007, He served as Vice President of IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society. From 2009 to 2010, He was the President of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society. In 2009, He served as the Conference Chair of the 31st Annual International Conference of IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, which attracted a record number of participants from the international biomedical engineering community. In 2010, He served as the Chair of the Steering Committee of IEEE EMBS Forum on Grand Challenges in Neuroengineering. In 2012, He served as the Conference Chair of the IEEE Life Sciences Grand Challenges Conference. From 2010, He has served as chair of Publications Committee of American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineering. From 2011-2013, He served as Co-Chair of Life Sciences Project Team of IEEE. From 2012, He has served as chair of the Membership Committee of International Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering. In 2013, He served as the chair of the IEEE EMBS 6th International Conference on Neural Engineering.
Honors and recognitions.
He is a fellow of International Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering, IEEE, American Institute for Medical & Biological Engineering, and Institute of Physics. He received several awards including the Outstanding Research Award from the International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology, the Established Investigator Award from the American Heart Association, the CAREER Award from the National Science Foundation, Tejima Prize, and Distinguished McKnight University Professorship from the University of Minnesota. His work has been featured by a number of major media and publications, including Nature (journal), New York Times, BBC, CNN, NBC, CBS, ABC News, Washington Post, The Economist, Scientific American, New Scientist, Fox News, US News, among others.
Research expertise.
He has conducted research in EEG based brain-computer interface, EEG source localization, functional source imaging, multimodal functional neuroimaging integrating functional MRI and EEG, three-dimensional cardiac electric imaging, magnetoacoustic tomography with magnetic induction, motor imagination, and binocular rivalry. His work on brain-computer interface has demonstrated the ability for humans to control flight of model helicopter by 'thoughts' using noninvasive EEG sensors.
Publications.
He is editor, associate editor, editorial board member, and guest editor of many international academic journals and book series. He has published more than 190 research articles and edited several books, including the book entitled "Neural Engineering" first published in 2005, and its Second Edition by Springer in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21418961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418961" title="Twister Alley">
Twister Alley

Twister Alley is an American country music group formed in 1987. The band consisted of Shellee Morris, Amy Hitt, Steve Goins, Lance Blythe, Randy Loyd and Kevin King. They released one album on Mercury Nashville in 1993. Their highest charting single, "Nothing in Common But Love," peaked at No. 61 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. Five of the six original members are currently back in the studio working on their next album.

</doc>
<doc id="21418983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418983" title="Gato Dumas">
Gato Dumas

Gato Dumas (July 20, 1938 – May 14, 2004) was a celebrated Argentine chef and restaurateur.
Life and work.
Carlos Alberto Dumas was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1938. An only child, he was given his first lessons in cuisine at age three by his grandfather, sculptor and cooking aficionado Alberto Lagos.
Studying architecture in school, he abandoned his studies in 1959 for a chance to pursue his culinary interests in London, where he was brought on by the "creator of the modern British cuisine," Chef Robert Carrier, as a dishwasher and potato peeler at "The Angel," Carrier's flagship Islington restaurant. Carrier eventually granted the young man an apprenticeship and, returning to Argentina in March 1963, Dumas opened his first establishment, "La Chimère," in 1965. 
Located in Buenos Aires' upscale Recoleta district, La Chimère's success allowed Dumas to open a succession of other restaurants over the next decade: "La Termita," "Hereford," "La Jamonería de Vieytes," "The Drugstore," "Clark's," "La Terraza del Gato Dumas," "La Rotisería de Pilar," "Carpaccio" and one installed in an imported steamboat, "El Delta Queen." Dumas was called on to cater prestigious cultural events in Argentina during the 1960s, notably those hosted by the Torcuato di Tella Institute, a leading promoter of the arts. His restaurants began to advertise the "Executive Lunch Menu" in 1969, an approach based on dining à la carte, with an abbreviated and varying selection. Increasingly in demand outside Argentina, Dumas opened two restaurants in Brazil: "Clark's São Paulo" in 1973 and "La Posada La Chimère" in the seaside resort of Búzios in 1975. This latter restaurant proved specially popular with Argentine tourists in the area.
Expanding his portfolio of restaurants despite a regional economic crisis, Dumas opened "Gato Dumas," "La Bianca" and "El Nuevo Gato" in Buenos Aires in 1982. His fame eared him a number of television contracts beginning in 1983, and his cooking shows appeared on ratings leaders Channel 9 and Channel 13, among others. His frequent newspaper and magazine contributions were complemented by five cookbooks and his renown during the 1980s earned him commissions as head chef for events hosted by international figures such as David Rockefeller and Mikhail Gorbachev. 
Having earned numerous culinary and broadcasting honors, he received the crowning Bocuse d'Or in Lyon, France, in 1993. Dumas opened what would be his last restaurant, "Gato Dumas Cocinero," in 1992 and in 1998, he established a cooking school in Buenos Aires. Operated jointly with two former students, Guillermo Calabrese and Martiniano Molina, the three also started a catering company and, in 2003, a gourmet frozen food line ("Gato Dumas Premium"). He became a regular contributor to Elgourmet.com, the first Argentine cable and internet culinary channel (launched in 2000).
Dumas developed prostate cancer and, hospitalized for a lung ailment, the renowned chef died in a Pilar clinic on May 14, leaving his widow, Mariana Gassó de Dumas, and five sons and daughters (four from a prior marriage). That August, "Mis Historias y Mis Recetas" ("My Stories and Recipes") was published posthumously.
"La Nación" 
"Clarín" 
gatodumas.com 

</doc>
<doc id="21418988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21418988" title="St Joseph's School, Mabiri">
St Joseph's School, Mabiri

St Joseph's School, Mabiri is a Marist School on Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea.
Funding.
The school receives funding from government and non-government organizations like AusAID from Australia and other countries. They have also been helped by Australian Marist students and schools like St. Joseph's College, Hunters Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="21419006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419006" title="Fusion Core">
Fusion Core

Fusion Core is an Open Class, all-age drum and bugle corps based in Morris County, New Jersey and a member of Drum Corps Associates. 
History.
Founded in 2006, Fusion Core is quickly becoming one of the fastest growing group in Drum Corps Associates. In its relatively short history, Fusion Core has won many accolades already. 
Their first competitive year was in 2007 with their show "The Journey Begins". Part of the Class A division, Fusion Core finished in 4th place, just on the outside of making finals for Class A. In 2008, its second competitive year, Fusion Core won second place in the Class A division of DCA with their show "Momentum", winning them numerous caption awards. In 2009, their show "Progress" saw Fusion Core finishing in 5th place, just outside finals again (Class A changed the number of finalists from 3 to 4 in 2008.) Fusion Core won their first, and only, Class A title in 2010 with their show "Changing Perceptions." In 2011, the corps finished in second place for the second time with their show "AfriCORE: Untamed".
In 2012, Fusion Core changed from Class A, who had a limit of 65 members, to Open Class, which allowed for more membership in the corps. Their first show in Open Class, "The Hit", landed Fusion Core in ninth place out of ten corps in Open Class. Fusion Core continued their competition into 2013 with their show "Til We Meet Again", where the corps finished in seventh place.
In 2014, Fusion Core will be competing again in DCA Open Class division with their production "Dreamscapes".

</doc>
<doc id="21419018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419018" title="Wide Bay, Papua New Guinea">
Wide Bay, Papua New Guinea

Wide Bay is a bay located to the south of Rabaul, on the southern coast of Gazelle Peninsula of New Britain. It was the location of the Battle of Wide Bay during World War II in 1945.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21419022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419022" title="Frederick W. Hinitt">
Frederick W. Hinitt

Frederick W. Hinitt was the 4th president of Washington & Jefferson College.
Hinitt was born on November 21, 1866, in Kidderminster, England, and his emigrated to the United States when he was young. In 1889, he graduated with distinction from Westminster College and from McCormick Theological Seminary in 1892. He went on to earn a doctor of philosophy in 1896 and a doctor of divinity in 1902, both from Wooster College.
Following graduation, he served as a pastor in Iowa and Missouri before assuming the presidency of Parsons College in 1900. He assumed the presidency of Centre College in April 1904. Hinitt worked to increase the educational standards of Centre and pushed the state legislature to establish public high schools in every county of the state. He worked to distance the school from the Presbyterian Synod and became associated with the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. In 1913, Centre built a new library funded with a $30,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie. Hinitt also pursued a plan for expansion, to include the remodeling of Breckinridge Hall, and building the Young Science Halland and Boyle-Humphrey Alumni Gymnasium. He resigned the presidency of Centre College on January 1, 1915.
Hinitt was named president of Washington & Jefferson College on September 23, 1914. He assumed the duties of the presidency on January 4, 1915, and was officially inaugurated June 15, 1915. His tenure as president of W&J was dominated by the United States' entry into World War I. Total college enrollment dropped to 180, a decrease of 50%. The commencement of 1918 was held early to accommodate men who were deployed to Europe, but only 24 were able to attend. Hinitt's commencement sermon that year reflected this reality: "To the Class of 1918, divided on this day, with so many of your men absent in service, I have but this word to say: Fear God and serve your country!" 
He resigned the presidency of W&J on June 30, 1918 to accept the pastorate of the First Presbyterian Church of Indiana, Pennsylvania. He took a year's leave of absence to work with the YMCA in army caps in England and to serve as an army field secretary in the American Expeditionary Force.

</doc>
<doc id="21419068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419068" title="Kusilvak Mountains">
Kusilvak Mountains

The Kusilvak Mountains is a mountain range of the Yukon Delta in Wade Hampton Census Area, Alaska. They are adjacent to Nunavakanuk Lake. At their highest point they reach and span over 5 miles across.
The mountains were called "Ingieguk" on Russian maps, probably from the Eskimo language name for mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="21419070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419070" title="Martha Mine">
Martha Mine

The Martha Mine is a gold mine owned by the Newmont Mining Corporation in the New Zealand town of Waihi.
History.
William Nicholl marked out a claim, calling it "Martha" after a family member. Several smaller claims were later merged to form the Martha Company. By 1882 the first battery to break gold-bearing rock was in operation. The Martha Mine eventually grew into one of the world's most important gold and silver mines, after industrial cyanide processes made recovering gold from the low-grade ores easier. Waihi prospered with the mine, by 1908 being the fastest-growing town in the Auckland Province, three times the size of Hamilton. Underground mining ended in 1952, but not because the mine had run out of gold; current operation is evidence of this. Rather, a series of factors led to a decline in production. Chief among those was the international gold price, which was fixed at $US35 an ounce, limiting the revenue the mine could make. Other factors included the need for a substantial capital expenditure to update the machinery. Although the technology was available to do this, the money was not. Manpower issues also factored into the decision to close the underground mine. There had been two World Wars and the Depression of the 1930s, depleting manpower and creating a difficult economic climate.. 
It was not possible, given these factors, to profitably mine the lower grade ore.
In the 1970s and early 1980s the gold price increased. Exploration and prospecting work identified the economic resource that could be profitably exploited through a lower cost open pit approach. The mine was reopened, and continues in production today.
Production.
From the 1880s to 1952 the Martha Mine was an underground mine. The mine became one of the most important gold and silver mines in the world. By 1952, when the mine closed, around 5.6 million ounces (174,160kg) of gold and 38.4 million ounces (1,193,180kg) of silver had been produced from 11,932,000 tonnes of ore. The modern Martha Mine has operated as an open pit since 1987. An average of around 100,000 ounces of gold and 700,000 ounces of silver have been produced annually since 1988.
Issues.
Some environmental protests occurred during the 1987 consenting process for further mine operations. In 2001, subsidence in the area caused a collapse of a house, and the operating company has recently agreed to pay compensation to about 130 households for various negative effects due to noise, blast vibrations and dust.

</doc>
<doc id="21419077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419077" title="Eliezer Schweid">
Eliezer Schweid

Eliezer Schweid (Hebrew: אליעזר שביד) (born September 7, 1929) is an Israeli scholar, writer and Professor of Jewish Philosophy at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 
He is a fellow of the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs.
Awards.
In 1994, Schweid was awarded the Israel Prize, in Jewish thought.

</doc>
<doc id="21419084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419084" title="Shalom Rav">
Shalom Rav

Shalom Rav (; "Abundant Peace") is a blessing that is recited at the end of the evening Amidah in the Ashkenazic tradition. There is a different version of this prayer, Sim Shalom (שִׁים שָׂלוֹם), for the morning Amidah. In the Sefardic, Chasidic-Sefardic, and Nusach Ari rites, Sim Shalom is said at all prayer services.
Versions in Song.
In the denominations of Judaism where many prayers are sung rather than chanted, the most popular melody for Shalom Rav is the one composed by Jeff Klepper and Dan Friedlander in 1974. It is a regular part of Shabbat services in Reform congregations around the world.
Transliterated Text of Shalom Rav.
Shalom rav al yisrael amkha tasim le-olam
Ki atta hu melekh adon le-khol ha-shalom
Ve-tov be-eynekha le-varekh et am-kha yisrael
Be-khol et u-ve-khol sha’a bi-shlomekha
Barukh atta adonai
Ha-mevarekh et amo yisrael ba-shalom
English Translation of Shalom Rav.
Grant abundant peace over Israel, Your people, forever.
For You are the sovereign source of all peace.
So may it be good in Your eyes to bless Your people Israel
in every season and in every hour with Your peace.
Blessed are You, Adonai,
Who blesses His people Israel with peace.
English Transliteration Translation.
Note 1: It is considered blasphemous to utter God's four-letter name. When God's name appears in prayer it is pronounced "Adonai", which literally translates as "Lord". Some people find the word "Adonai" uncomfortable to utter outside of devotional prayer, and substitute "Hashem" (literally "the name") for "Adonai" when not actually praying. The transliteration, above, contains the word "Adonai", but the translation of the transliteration goes the extra step to avoid blasphemy by using the word "Hashem" in place of the word "Adonai".

</doc>
<doc id="21419102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419102" title="Jakhania">
Jakhania

JAKHANIA is a vidhan sabha seat in Ghazipur district.Vijay Kumar is a MLA from this seat. He is a member of BSP.Jakhania (Jakhanian) station is situated at 70 km(nearly) from Varanasi in direction of North.
External links.
results:218 [http://archive.eci.gov.in/May2007/pollupd/ac/states/s24/Aconst218htmresults:218]
[http://www.ghazipur.nic.in]

</doc>
<doc id="21419169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419169" title="Radosław Group">
Radosław Group

Radosław Group () was the codename of a group of Kedyw, a Polish World War II Armia Krajowa organization, units during World War II created shortly before the outbreak of the Warsaw Uprising.
Organization.
The "Radosław Group" took its name from the pseudonym of its leader, Jan Mazurkiewicz, the chief of conspiratorial diversionary units of General Headquarters of Armia Krajowa and Kedyw.
Composition of the group:
During the Warsaw Uprising.
Before W-hour the group was located in the Wola district near the cemeteries and Okopowa, Młynarska and Kercelaka streets. The strategic goal of the group was to take control of the Wola district and protect the Headquarters of the AK, which was stationed nearby on Dzika street.
During the fighting the Zośka Battalion attacked the Gęsiówka concentration camp which was being liquidated at the time, and freed 383 prisoners, including 350 Jews, most of whom joined the unit and fought in its ranks for the remainder of the uprising.
The group also managed to establish contact with the Stare Miasto district of Warsaw, controlled Okopowa street, captured several arms depots and took part in heavy fighting in the areas around Młynarska, Wolska, Żytnia and Karolkowa streets.
In mid August the group took part in an unsuccessful attack on German positions near the Gdańska station, the aim of which was to connect with the insurgent forces in Żoliborz. Due to increasing enemy pressure, units of the group retreated from the area. At the end of August, battalions Czata 49 and Broda 53 began a night operation in an attempt to link with Śródmieście district. Due to the lack of success of the attack an order was issued to evacuate the insurgent members and civilians authorities through the sewers into Śródmieście. The main part of the group evacuated on the night of September 1. On 2 September, members of Radosław Group emerged from the sewers in Warsaw New Town, near the corner of Warecka St.
On the night of 4 September the unit deployed in the Czerniaków district near Książęca and Ludna streets, along Rozbrat street, and along the Vistula river from Łazienkowska Street on. The purpose of the deployment was to support Krysek Group, which had been fighting in Czerniaków from the beginning of the uprising. The task of the groups was to hold positions on the Vistula river, as the insurgents expected incoming help (which never arrived) from the Red Army which was stationed on the other bank of the river in the Praga district.
The defense of Powisle collapsed on 6 September. The Germans began a mass attack on Czerniaków. During the fighting communications with units in the town centre were cut off. The only way to Śródmieście and Mokotów, where the insurgents were still defending themselves, was once again through the sewers. Consequently, due to high combat losses and lack of ammunition, Col. "Radosław" made the decision to evacuate through the canals to Mokotów on the night of September 19. Battalions Czata and Broda held of the Germans while the evacuation took place, and defended their positions until September 22.
The remains of the group took part in further fighting in Mokotów. After plans of an attempt at a break out to the Chojnowski forest were abandoned, on 25 September around 120 soldiers evacuated to Śródmieście through the sewers where they joined up with around 230 soldiers and officers. That is all that was left of a combat group which on September 1 had around 2300 soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="21419180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419180" title="Giuspatronato">
Giuspatronato

The Giuspatronato (in Latin ""jus patronatus"") is a privilege and duty granted to a family regarding the altar of a church. It involves the duty to protect and maintain the altar and has generally been granted to those who are able to make adequate provisions for equipping it. Those who actually manage the altar draw allowances from trust accounts.
Background.
The "jus patronatus" is usually associated with the ""jus praesentandi"", which is the familial privilege to select the presiding clergyman. Generally, the "jus praesentandi" requires approval by the bishop or the community. The giuspatronato began centuries ago, and has usually been granted to the nobility. It may be inheritable by bequest, in which case a commoner might find himself in the position to exercise the right.
The present.
While the privilege is still popular, mainly in areas where it is granted by competition, examinations or free elections, the practice is growing gradually less common. The giuspatronato has served to give the laity influence over the parish priest, rector or chancellor. The privilege also serves to impress communities with the need to maintain a clergyman.
In some communities the nomination of the Bishop must be ratified by local associations rather than elections. Some attempts by the Church to eliminate this institution have not succeeded, as they have been perceived as an attack on the traditions of the community.
The historical antecedents.
As Prof. Frangipane asserts in his thesis: "The giuspatronato , or jus patronato, or simply patronage, had its origins in the Church's gratitude toward its benefactors during the high Middle Ages. The main distinction of the later form of patronage, which serves to distinguish it from past expressions, is that of "presentation" as opposed to "institution" allowing multiple candidates to be nominated and considered for the office in question."
In 1917 there was an effort to limit and decrease the number of giuspatronati. In pursuit of this goal, Canon 1450 of the Canonical Codex Juris forbade the creation of any new privileges, while Canon 1451 recommends that the ordinaries encourage patrons to renounce the privilege in exchange for spiritual favor.

</doc>
<doc id="21419187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419187" title="Furfura Sharif">
Furfura Sharif

Furfura Sharif (also known as Furfura, Phurphura) is a village in Jangipara community development block of Srirampore subdivision in Hooghly District in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a holy place for Muslims.
History.
The mosque built by Muqlish Khan in 1375 is a site for Muslim pilgrimage, especially during the Pir’s "mela" (fair). It attracts a large number of pilgrims during Urs festival.
Muslims in the area are believed to be chiefly Ashrafs and are said to be descendants of Muslims who invaded Bengal in the 14th century. There is a tradition that the Bagdi king who ruled here was defeated by Hazrat Shah Kabir Halibi and Hazrat Karamuddin, both of whom were killed in the battle. Their tombs are revered to this day by both Hindus and Muslims.
Furfura Sharif contains the Mazaar Sharif (Tomb) of Hazrat Abu Bakr Siddique(Rah.) and his five sons, popularly known as the 'Panch Huzur Keblah (Rah.)]'. Thousands of people from all over India come to visit their tombs every day. 
Hazrat Abu Bakr Siddique(Rah.) was born in 1846 in Furfura-Sharif. He was a direct descendant of the first Khalif of Islam, Syedena Hazrat Abu Bakr Siddique(Rad.). Coincidentally he bore the same name. He was a social and religious reformer, so he was also known as 'Mujaddid-e-Zaman'. He founded many charitable institutes, orphanages and free health center. He was also a great educationist who realized that it is through education he can free the society of all evils and so he founded several madrasas, schools and learning centers. In Furfura Sharif he established Madrasa, along with free boarding facilities for the underprivileged students. He encouraged female education by establishing a School for girls in Furfura Sharif named "Siddiqua High School". His contributions were recognized by several historians and literati. A journal, "“The Muslim Digest”", published from Durban in South Africa, acknowledges him as an “illustrious, religious leader- fearless, God intoxicated and selfless as a preacher, he would never attack other religions... and endeared himself to people from other communities and castes”. He was a great patriot and was involved in the freedom struggle of India.
He was the founder of the "Order Of Furfura Sharif" or "Silsila-e-Furfura Sharif". He belonged to the Ahle-Sunnat-Wal-Jamaat school of thoughts. He was also the founder of the religious congregation, which is still observed on the 21st 22nd and 23rd of Falgun Bengali month (Approx 5th, 6th & 7 March) every year by his grandsons. He did not prefer calling this congregation a "Urs" but rather prefer it being called "Isale-Sawab"
In the year 1939 on 17 March he died leaving behind his five sons, millions of mourners all over the globe and a mission-“to serve the people”.
Social Work.
Furfura Sharif Mujaddedia Saadat Mission was founded in 1997 by the Pir of Furfura Sharif, Hafez Maulana Md Sebgatullah Siddique s/o Sultanul Arefeen Hazrat Md Najmus Saadat Siddique (Rh), fourth son of Mujaddid Abu Bakr Siddique (Rh) of Furfura Sharif. The soul aim of the organization is to serve the have-nots of the society, keeping in mind the Fifth Pillar of Islam, i.e. Zakāt, which makes helping the downtrodden people a mandatory duty for all Muslims.
The organization is spread all over West Bengal,India and all over Bangladesh. It has branches in different districts of West Bengal and Bangladesh.
Some of the main works undertaken by our organization
Geography.
Furfura is located at 
Villages in Furfura panchayat are as follows: Furfura, Purba Durgapur, Gopalnagar, Hosenpur, Dakshindihi, Rampara, Toralpur, Chak Barada, Belpara, Ramnagar, Nilarpur, Charpur, Bakcha, Kashipur, Ramchandrapur, Hazipur, and Bhimpur.
Demographics.
Furfura had a population of 6,720 out of which 1,133 belonged to scheduled castes and 195 belonged to scheduled tribes.
Education.
Furfura High Madrasah, established in 1908, is the oldest high madrasah in the district.
The Calcutta Madrasah controls three other “madrasah colleges” in the state — the “colleges” at Batna (in Malda district), Beldanga (in Murshidabad district) and Furfura Sharif. With the introduction of “modern subjects” including computer application, the teachers for these colleges will now be recruited through the Public Service Commission.
Sk Md Rofiqul Islam, Assistant Teacher and Teacher-in-Charge, Furfura Fatehia Senior Madrasah won the National Award for Teachers in 2007. It is because of this efforts that the institution is considered to be one of the best in the state. Amalgamating technology with traditional Islamic education, the madrasah not only offers computer science to its students, but also mobile repairing training to make its students self-reliant.

</doc>
<doc id="21419217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419217" title="Fit for Life">
Fit for Life

Fit for Life (FFL) is a diet and lifestyle book series stemming from the principles of Natural Hygiene. It is promoted mainly by the American writers Harvey and Marilyn Diamond. The "Fit for Life" book series recommends dietary principles including eating only fruit in the morning, eating predominantly "live" and "high-water-content" food, and if eating animal protein to avoid combining it with complex carbohydrates.
While the diet has been praised for encouraging the consumption of raw fruits and vegetables, several other aspects of the diet have been disputed by dietitians and nutritionists, and the American Dietetic Association and the American Academy of Family Physicians list it as a fad diet.
Description.
The diet is based on Diamond's exploration of Herbert M. Shelton theories of food combining. Both authors claimed to be able to bring about weight loss without the need to count calories or undertake anything more than a reasonable exercise program. In the first version of the program, Diamond claimed that if one eats the foods in the wrong combination they "cause fermentation" in the stomach. This in turns gives rise to the destruction of valuable enzymes & nutrients. Diamond categorized foods into two groups : "dead foods" that "clog" the body, and "living foods" that "cleanse" it. According to Fit for Life principles, dead foods are those that have highly refined or highly processed origins; while living foods are raw fruits and vegetables. The basic points of Fit for Life are as follows:
In the 2000s, the Fit for Life system added the Personalized FFL Weight Management Program, which employs proprietary protocols called Biochemical "Analyzation", Metabolic Typing and Genetic Predispositions. The Diamonds claim that these protocols allow the personalization of the diet, which thus customized is effective only for one individual, and can be used for that person's entire life. This version of the diet also puts less emphasis on "live" and "dead" foods, and instead talks of "enzyme deficient foods." The Diamonds posit that enzymes that digest proteins interfere with enzymes that digest carbohydrates, justifying some of the rules above. They also began to sell nutritional supplements, advertised as enzyme supplements, many of which are strongly recommended in the newest version of FFL.
Publications and marketing.
The diet came to public attention in the mid-1980s with the publication of "Fit for Life", a New York Times best seller which sold millions of copies, over 12 million according to Harvey Diamond. Harvey Diamond has also appeared on dozens of television talk shows promoting his theories. In "Fit for Life II" (1989) the Diamonds warned against eating artificial food additives such as hydrogenated vegetable oil, which at the time was being promoted by the food industry as a healthy alternative to saturated fat. Tony Robbins promoted the "Fit for Life" principles and veganism to increase energy levels in his book "Unlimited Power".
Controversy.
Nutrition related.
Harvey Diamond's competence to write about nutrition has been contested because his doctoral degree came from the American College of Life Science, a non-accredited correspondence school founded in 1982 by T.C. Fry, a high-school dropout. FFL's personalized diet program has been criticized for providing a "Clinical Manual" that is heavily infused with alternative medicine claims about how the body works, which are scientifically inaccurate and not accepted by conventional medicine.
Despite the fact that FFL web site mentioned "clinical trials", the principles and benefits of FFL diet are not supported by scholarly research, and some of the claims have actually been directly refuted by scientific research. For example, a dissociated diet as that advertised by FFL is no more effective for weight loss than a calorie-restricted diet.
Financial controversy.
Bradenton, Florida, attorney Andre Perron filed civil suit in July 2009 against Diamond and his son, Beau, complaining that Beau operated a Ponzi scheme based on foreign currency exchanges (Forex), alleging the squandering $38 million of investors' money. Harvey Diamond has contended he has no connection with any wrongdoing, and that he himself has been a victim, having also lost money in this case.

</doc>
<doc id="21419228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419228" title="Under the Southern Cross I Stand">
Under the Southern Cross I Stand

Under The Southern Cross I Stand is the victory song of the Australian cricket team. 
It is typically sung by the players in the style of a raucous chant after every victory and "treated with reverential consideration and respect" within the team. The official lyrics are as follows, though when it is sung by the players, the word "little" in the last line is replaced by "fucking". 
The authorship of this "Under the Southern Cross I Stand" is credited to former wicketkeeper Rod Marsh, who was apparently inspired by Henry Lawson's 1887 poem, "Flag of the Southern Cross". Marsh initially had the role of leading the team in singing it, and on his retirement he passed it on to Allan Border. The other players to have taken on the role are David Boon (when Border took over the captaincy), Ian Healy (on Boon's retirement), Ricky Ponting (on Healy's retirement), Justin Langer (when Ponting took over the captaincy), and Michael Hussey (on Langer's retirement). Hussey has now passed it on to Nathan Lyon upon his retirement in January 2013.
The song is based upon the chorus of the 1890s patriotic song “Australia; or Heart to Heart and Hand to Hand”, written by the Rev. Thomas Hilhouse Taylor (1861-1925).
One source says that "The evidence suggests that this cricketers’ chant began as a patriotic song in the late 1890s, was turned into a military drinking song in the 1940s, and then finally developed into the victory song of the Australian cricket team in the 1970s. From such beginnings has this raucous verse become popular with cricket fans in particular, and with Australians in general."

</doc>
<doc id="21419230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419230" title="Harold Moss">
Harold Moss

Harold Moss (born 1929) is an American politician, whose political career has taken place in Tacoma, Washington. He was the first African American member of that city's city council, its first African American mayor, and the first African American member of the Pierce County Council. Moss's wife, Bil Moss, has also served on the Tacoma City Council.
Originally from Texas by way of Michigan, Ross arrived in Tacoma during the Korean War as a member of the National Guard. He first became politically active in the 1950s as a member of the local branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). He served two terms as branch president, served on Tacoma's first Human Relations Commission (later Human Rights Commission), and in 1968, Moss helped create the Tacoma Urban League and played a key role in securing public funding for its Urban Services Center.
Moss was a dental technician, and ran a business, Northwest Porcelain Studios. He left this business in the hands of his assistants when he was hired by the Tacoma Chamber of Commerce and the Tacoma Area Coalition in the spring of 1968 to run the Central Area Employment Office, soliciting jobs for disadvantaged Tacoma-area residents, including the hardcore unemployed. He entered electoral politics in 1969 as an unsuccessful candidate for the Tacoma City Council. A year later, five council members were recalled, and Moss was appointed to a seat, which he took on October 13, 1970. He was elected to a full term in 1971, remaining also a full-time employee of the Urban League throughout this period. Urban League National Executive Director Vernon Jordan asked Moss to step down from his elected position in 1975 to avoid compromising the League's non-profit status. 
In a September 1978 domestic argument, Moss shot his son in the shoulder with a .38-caliber revolver. "My son was very high at the time," he later said. No charges were ever pressed, and the two later reconciled.
By 1983, Moss was no longer affiliated with the Urban League. That year he ran unsuccessfully for city council. In February 1987 he was appointed to fill a council vacancy, ran that fall for a full term, won, and was reelected in 1991. In January 1994, Tacoma mayor Jack Hyde suffered a fatal heart attack nearly at the start of his term. Moss, serving as deputy mayor at the time, was appointed mayor and served for two years. During his administration, Tacoma adopted a youth curfew law. Because the mayor is considered part of the city council, term limits prevented him from running as an incumbent in the 1995 election. During this period, Moss also worked as a civil-rights manager for the Washington State Department of Transportation, handling the council and mayoralty as a part-time job.
Moss was subsequently elected to the Pierce County Council, serving January 1, 1997 – December 31, 2004, including as council chair from 2002 to 2004, at which time he announced his retirement. He ran unsuccessfully for the Tacoma mayoralty in 2001 and came out of that retirement in 2007 to run again for the Tacoma City Council against incumbent Spiro Manthou. Manthou defeated him at the polls.

</doc>
<doc id="21419243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419243" title="Nunavakanuk Lake">
Nunavakanuk Lake

Nunavakanuk Lake is a lake in the Yukon Delta of Wade Hampton Census Area, Alaska, United States. The lake is long and is bordered to the south east by the Kusilvak Mountains. The lake's name is Eskimo in origin. At an elevation of it is, or near, the lowest point in the state of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="21419374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419374" title="Kangan Giin">
Kangan Giin

Kangan Giin (寒巌義尹, 1217–1300) was a disciple of Dōgen and the founder of the Higo school of Sōtō Zen Buddhism. It has been claimed that his father was Emperor Go-Toba or Emperor Juntoku. He did much evangelization work in Kyūshū, where he founded Daiji-ji (大慈寺) in Kumamoto. This temple has since been destroyed by fire twice, and nothing of Giin's remains there. He probably studied in China, but all extant biographies of him are hagiography so it is impossible to be certain.

</doc>
<doc id="21419385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419385" title="List of Buffalo Sabres broadcasters">
List of Buffalo Sabres broadcasters

The following is a chronological history of all local broadcasters of the Buffalo Sabres. Since 1997, radio and television broadcast production has been largely consolidated into the Sabres Hockey Network unit.

</doc>
<doc id="21419389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419389" title="Intestinal metaplasia">
Intestinal metaplasia

Intestinal metaplasia is the transformation (metaplasia) of epithelium, usually of the stomach or the esophagus, to a type that bears some resemblance to the intestine as seen in Barrett's esophagus. Chronic infection caused by H. pylori infection in the stomach and GERD in the esophagus are seen as the primary instigators of metaplasia and subsequent adenocarcinoma formation. Initially, the transformed eptithelium bears resemblance to the small intestine; in the later stages, the epithelium resembles the colon. It is characterized by the appearance of goblet cells and expression of intestinal cell markers such as Cdx2. 

</doc>
<doc id="21419391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419391" title="Malaika Shenoy">
Malaika Shenoy

Malaika Shenoy is an Indian film actress who appears in Bollywood movies and theater.
She currently hosts the Techtree show on UTVi. Peepli live was a huge success being a small budget film

</doc>
<doc id="21419392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419392" title="Martin Ulvestad">
Martin Ulvestad

Martin Ulvestad (1865 – 19 January 1942) was an American historian and author whose writings focused on Norwegian-American immigration. He was a pioneer in documenting the early history of the first Norwegian settlers in America.
Biography.
Ulestad was born in Volda municipality in Romsdals Amt, Norway and immigrated to the United States in 1886. He published an English-Danish-Norwegian dictionary in 1895. Ulvestad subsequently collected and published extensive information regarding Norwegian-American immigration and settlement in North America. His books provided biographical information, history of the settlements associated with Norwegian immigration and information regarding those who fought in the American Civil War. These books also contained articles about Norwegian music in America, listing of newspapers and magazines, and Norwegian-American educational institutions.
Ulestad was presented with the Knight's Cross, First Class, of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav, for his dedicated work in collecting and publishing these material. Ulvestad was knighted by Haakon VII of Norway with the Order of St. Olav in 1923. He died in Seattle, Washington in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="21419399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419399" title="Soputa">
Soputa

Soputa is a village located inland from Gona, Buna and Sanananda in Papua New Guinea. The village is located at the crossroads of the Kokoda-Sananada Road and Buna-Kokoda Road. Trails lead to Buna and Sananada.
History.
On 5 January 1943, Australian infantry and armour reach Soputa with the US Army's 32nd Division and 41st Division. A drop zone and staging area for Australian troops were located at this area during the battle of Gona. 
The Australian 2/4th Field Ambulance set up a Main Dressing Station (MDS) at Soputa, inland from the fighting at Gona and Sanananda in a rubber plantation. The MDS was attacked by Japanese aircraft inflicting high casualties including 24 killed.
An Australian and United States military cemetery was located at Soputa. At the end of the war, the bodies were exhumed and reinterred elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="21419413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419413" title="KHMO">
KHMO

KHMO (1070 AM) is a radio station in Hannibal, Missouri. The station is owned by Double O Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="21419416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419416" title="Van H. Vu">
Van H. Vu

Van H. Vu () is a Vietnamese mathematician, Percey F. Smith Professor of Mathematics at Yale University, and the 2008 winner of the Pólya Prize of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics for his work on concentration of measure. He is a collaborator of Terence Tao.
Education and career.
Vu graduated at the Eötvös University, Budapest, in 1994, his M.Sc. thesis supervisor was Tamás Szőnyi. He received his Ph.D. at Yale University, in 1998 under the direction of László Lovász (another Polya prize winner). He worked as a postdoc at IAS and Microsoft Research (1998-2001). He joined the University of California, San Diego as an assistant professor in 2001 and was promoted to full professor in 2005. In Fall 2005, he moved to Rutgers University and stayed there until he joined Yale in Fall 2011. Vu was a member at IAS on three occasions (1998, 2005, 2007), the last time (2007) as the leader of the special program Arithmetic Combinatorics 
Contributions.
In 2010, Terence Tao and Vu solved the circular law conjecture.
Awards and honors.
In 2012, Vu was awarded the Fulkerson Prize (jointly with Anders Johansson and Jeff Kahn) for determining the threshold of edge density above which a random graph can be covered by disjoint copies of a given smaller graph. Also in 2012, he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21419439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419439" title="Happy Up Here">
Happy Up Here

"Happy Up Here" is a song by Röyksopp, released as free download from their album "Junior". The one-track digital single was also released in selected stores on January 19, 2009, while the physical single and digital EP with remixes were released on March 16, 2009.
The song sampled Parliament's 1976 single, "Do That Stuff."
Music video.
The music video, directed by Reuben Sutherland, was released on the 25 February 2009 online via the band's official website, as well as on their official YouTube Channel. It features panning shots of a cityscape, with floating boxes lit up by light bulbs. It is eventually made apparent that the boxes are a 3D version of the aliens featured in the old arcade classic Space Invaders and the video is subsequently played out like the game, with cars on the ground serving as the defence. The video ends when the remaining aliens retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="21419451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419451" title="Twilight Dreams">
Twilight Dreams

Twilight Dreams is an album by Lester Bowie recorded for the UK based Venture label and the third album by his "Brass Fantasy" group. It was released in 1987 and features performances by Bowie, Vincent Chancey, Frank Lacy, Steve Turre, Malachi Thompson, Rasul Siddik, Stanton Davis, Bob Stewart, and Phillip Wilson.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "one imagines that this approach works better in concert than on record. There are some strong moments on this hard-to-find LP (such as Bowie's trumpet-drums duet with Phillip Wilson on "Duke's Fantasy") but this is a hit-and-miss affair". 

</doc>
<doc id="21419456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419456" title="Type D submarine">
Type D submarine

The was a type of the 1st class submarine in the Imperial Japanese Navy serving during the Second World War. The was different from the "I-361" class, however since the "I-373" was a development form of the "I-361" class, this article describes both of them.
The IJN called them as follows: 
Construction.
After the Battle of Midway the IJN immediately planned a transport submarine. The type was based on the "U 155 Deutschland". Her duties were transportation of troops (110 men, 10 tons freight and 2 landing crafts) in the areas where the enemy had air superiority. Later the demands for her were changed in sequence. The final demands were 65 tons in the hull and 25 tons on the upper deck (freight only). In the beginning the IJN did not intend to equip these boats with torpedos. Later, after strong demands from the front commanders, it was decided to equip them with torpedoes for self-defense. The "I-372" class was designed as a tanker submarine based on the "I-361" class. They were not allowed to be loaded with torpedoes.
Service.
In 1944, their missions were transport from mainland Japan to remote islands. They had little success and suffered big damages. Of the 13 submarines, only 4 survived war.
Kaiten missions.
In 1945, 7 submarines were converted to be "Kaiten" mother ships and assigned to the suicide attack operations for the . They removed all guns and piled up five "Kaiten"s on upper deck.
Boats in classes.
"I-372" class.
Project number S51B. She was going to become a lead ship of the "Modified Type D" submarines ("I-373" class), at first. However, the IJN wanted a submarine as soon as possible. She was built to tanker submarine by a revised "I-361" drawings.
"I-373" class.
Project number S51C. Improved model of the "I-361" class. Furthermore, the IJN was planned reinforced model of the "I-373" class, also. However all of they were cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="21419473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419473" title="NAST">
NAST

NAST may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21419519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419519" title="Palace Films and Cinemas">
Palace Films and Cinemas

Palace Films and Cinemas is an Australian film production and distribution company that is also a major cinema chain especially in Melbourne. Palace Cinemas currently comprises 20 cinemas with 85 screens. The business employs over 500 staff and the head office is in the Melbourne suburb of Balwyn, connected to the Balwyn Theatre(Also called Balwyn Cinema), which is the oldest theatre/cinema operated by Palace, having opened in 1930. The cinemas specialise in foreign language and art house films.
Palace Films.
Palace has produced and distributed such Australian films as Kokoda and Chopper, and distribute many foreign language films in Australia.
Palace Cinemas.
The Palace Cinema chain operates in most states, except Tasmania and the territories. They exhibit films of both a mainstream and an arthouse type, but the cinemas are usually focused on one film type or the other and rarely both. Notably, Palace operates several cinemas that originally opened as single screen theatres (some of which have received heritage status). All have subsequently been renovated and internally converted to multiplex, sometimes with the original screen, remaining as the largest auditorium/cinema at each venue. The original facades, box office, candy-bar and foyers in these historic venues, have been modernised and restored with care.
In the Melbourne suburb of Brighton, Palace operates 2 Cinemas within 10 minutes drive of each other, making it one of the only operators in Australia to own two indoor cinemas in the same suburb. Dendy Brighton, on Dendy Street, is more centralised in Brighton's main shopping strip, and therefore shows Commercial films. Brighton Bay, is in another smaller shopping strip on Bay Street, in North Brighton, and plays mostly arthouse films. The two cinemas will not show the same films (although this rule has been ignored on a few occasions, due to demand).
Palace does not own the cinemas in Perth on their own, they are in partnership with Luna Cinemas. As such the Perth cinemas, called "Luna Palace Cinemas" have their own independent website and have their own membership program and offers. Palace Cinemas regular nationwide membership, and offers in other states, is therefore not necessarily valid at these cinemas. "Luna Palace" uniquely operates 2 seasonal outdoor cinemas, one in Leederville (opposite their traditional cinema) and one in Mosman Park.
Although Kino Cinemas in Melbourne is also a Partnership operation, they have decided to honor the membership card program and ticket discount offers.
Locations.
Western Australia(Partnership with Luna Cinemas).
The outdoor cinemas run during the summer months only.
Film festivals.
Palace Cinemas host regular minor international film festivals, including the Alliance Française French Film Festival, the Lavazza Italian Film Festival, the Spanish Film Festival, German Film Festival and Israeli Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21419560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419560" title="Judas kiss">
Judas kiss

Judas kiss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21419563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419563" title="List of awards and nominations received by Danny Elfman">
List of awards and nominations received by Danny Elfman

Danny Elfman is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and composer. He led the rock band Oingo Boingo from 1976 until its breakup in 1995, but is most known for composing "The Simpsons Theme" and numerous film scores for director and producer Tim Burton, including "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" (1985), "Beetlejuice" (1988), "Batman" (1989), "Edward Scissorhands" (1990), "Batman Returns" (1992), "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993), "Mars Attacks!" (1996), "Sleepy Hollow" (1999), "Planet of the Apes" (2001), "Big Fish" (2003), "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005), "Corpse Bride" (2005), and 9 (2009). Elfman has composed scores for dozens of additional films, a few of which have charted on the "Billboard" 200 ("Batman" peaked at #30, "Dick Tracy" peaked at #194, and "Batman Returns" peaked at #61).
Elfman's first major recognitions occurred in 1989, when he was nominated by the Emmy Awards for Outstanding Main Title Theme Music for "The Simpsons Theme" and by the Grammy Awards for his film score to "Batman" (Best Instrumental Composition for the "Title Theme" and Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture for the score). From these nominations, he won the Grammy for Best Instrumental Composition. Elfman has been nominated a total of four times by the Academy Awards (including twice for two different scores in 1997), twice by the Emmy Awards and Golden Globe Awards, ten times by the Grammy Awards, five times by the Saturn Awards (from which he won five awards), and once each by the Annie Awards, British Academy Film Awards, and BMI Film & Television Awards. Overall, Elfman has won 33 awards from 74 nominations.
Academy Awards.
The Academy Awards are presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry. Elfman has received four nominations.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Annie Awards.
The Annie Awards is an animation award show created and produced by the Los Angeles, California branch of the International Animated Film Association, ASIFA-Hollywood, since 1972. Originally designed to celebrate lifetime or career contributions to animation in the fields of producing, directing, animation, design, writing, voice acting, sound and sound effects, etc., in 1992 it began to honor animation as a whole, and created the category of Best Animated Feature. New categories were subsequently added for different animation media. Elfman has received one nomination.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
BMI Film & Television Awards.
Established in 1986, the BMI Film & Television Awards "recognize the composers of the top grossing films and the highest-rated prime time television shows of the past year". Elfman has received 24 awards.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
British Academy Film Awards.
The British Academy Film Awards is an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). First awarded in 1947, the awards are often cited as the British equivalent to the Academy Awards. Elfman has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards.
The Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards, commonly called the Critics' Choice Awards, are bestowed annually by the Broadcast Film Critics Association to honor the finest in cinematic achievement. Nominees are selected by written ballots in a week-long voting period, and are announced in December. Elfman has been nominated twice.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Chicago Film Critics Association Awards.
Elfman has been nominated four times.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Emmy Awards.
Administered by three sister organizations who focus on various sectors of television and broadband programming (Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, and the International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences), the Emmy Awards "recognize excellence within various areas of television and emerging media". Elfman has received one award from two nominations.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Golden Globes.
The Golden Globe Awards are presented annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) to recognize outstanding achievements in the entertainment industry, both domestic and foreign, and to focus wide public attention upon the best in film and television. The formal ceremony and dinner at which the awards are presented is a major part of the film industry's awards season, which culminates each year with the Academy Awards. Elfman has been nominated twice.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Often considered the highest music honor, the awards were established in 1958. Elfman has received one award from twelve nominations.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Phoenix Film Critics Society Awards.
The Phoenix Film Critics Society (PFCS) is an organization of film reviewers from Phoenix-based publications. In December of each year, the PFCS meets to vote on their Phoenix Film Critics Society Awards (first given in 2000) for films released in the same calendar year. Elfman has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Satellite Awards.
Originally known as the Golden Satellite Awards, the Satellite Awards are an annual award given by the International Press Academy to acknowledge the year's "outstanding artists, films, television shows, DVDs, and interactive media". Elfman has received one award from six nominations.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Saturn Awards.
The Saturn Award is an award presented annually by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films to honor the top works in science fiction, fantasy, and horror in film, television, and home video. First presented in 1972, the Saturn Awards are voted on by members of the presenting Academy. Elfman has received 5 awards from 12 nominations.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Sierra Awards.
The Las Vegas Film Critics Society (LVFCS) is a non-profit organization composed of selected print, television and film critics in the Las Vegas area. The LVFCS presents its Sierra Awards each year for the best in film. Elfman has received one award from two nominations.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
World Soundtrack Awards.
The World Soundtrack Academy, launched in 2001 by the Flanders International Film Festival to organize and oversee the educational, cultural, and professional aspects of the art of film music, including the preservation of the history of the soundtrack and its worldwide promotion. The World Soundtrack Awards are "distributed annually to mark and celebrate outstanding achievements in scoring music for motion pictures, and to honor other achievements". Elfman has been nominated twice.
!Year
!width="250"|Nominated work
!width="400"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.

</doc>
<doc id="21419642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419642" title="David Huff (baseball)">
David Huff (baseball)

David Gregory Huff (born August 22, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball. A left-handed pitcher, Huff previously played for the Cleveland Indians and San Francisco Giants.
Early life.
Huff attended Edison High School, the University of California, Irvine, Cypress College, and the University of California, Los Angeles before being drafted by the Cleveland Indians.
Professional career.
Minor leagues.
Since 2006, Huff has played minor league baseball with the Mahoning Valley Scrappers, Kinston Indians, Akron Aeros, Buffalo Bisons, and Columbus Clippers. 
In 11 games with the Akron Aeros in 2008, Huff had a career-best ERA of 1.92. He then pitched 80 innings for the Bisons in 2008 and put up a 3.01 ERA. He was named the Indians' 2008 Minor League Player of the Year (receiving the "Lou Boudreau Award").
Huff pitched for the AAA Columbus Clippers in 2009 until his call-up on May 16. He had a 5–1 record with a 4.35 ERA with the Clippers.
Cleveland Indians.
Huff made his Major League debut against the Tampa Bay Rays on May 17, 2009. 
On May 29, 2010, Huff was hit in the head by a comeback line drive off the bat of Alex Rodriguez. Huff was carried off the field by a medical cart several minutes later. Huff did not sustain a concussion, and returned to his regular baseball activities within 48 hours of the incident.
Huff split his time with the Indians and the minor league affiliates during his four-year tenure with the team. Huff was designated for assignment by the Indians organization on May 24, 2013. Overall, Huff went 18–26 with a 5.40 ERA during his career with the Cleveland Indians.
New York Yankees (First Stint).
Huff was claimed off waivers by the Yankees on May 26, 2013. Huff made his Yankees debut the same day he was acquired, recording a strikeout, two walks, and allowing a run in one inning of relief pitched against the Tampa Bay Rays. He was designated for assignment on May 28, 2013 after Joba Chamberlain was activated from the disabled list. Not wanting to join a third organization, and trusting Yankees' pitching coach Larry Rothschild, Huff accepted a minor league assignment to the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders of the Class AAA International League, after receiving instruction from Rothschild on how to improve his delivery. In Scranton, he continued his work with Gil Patterson.
Huff was re-added to the Yankees' 25-man major league roster and recalled from the minors on August 15, 2013. On August 22, Huff got his first win as a Yankee after pitching five innings of one-hit relief against the Toronto Blue Jays. The Yankees primarily used Huff in the long relief role, but gave him a start in place of Phil Hughes on September 7.
San Francisco Giants.
On January 24, 2014, the Yankees traded Huff to the San Francisco Giants for cash considerations. He was designated for assignment on June 6 after posting a disappointing 6.30 ERA with 11 strikeouts and six walks in 20 innings.
New York Yankees (second stint).
On June 11, 2014, Huff was traded back to the New York Yankees for cash considerations. Wade LeBlanc was designated for assignment to make room on the roster. Huff is expected to be used as the Yankees long-reliever, according to manager Joe Girardi.

</doc>
<doc id="21419645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419645" title="Shurugwi District">
Shurugwi District

Shurugwi District is located in Midlands Province, southern Zimbabwe. It is an important centre for gold and chrome mining, but it is perhaps best known as the home district of the former Rhodesian Prime Minister Ian Douglas Smith who owned a farm near Gwenoro Dam. Its principal town is also called Shurugwi.It is located about 30 kilometres from the Midlands Provincial capital Gweru.Shurugwi District encompasses much of the rural areas of Nhema and some parts of Chivi.The district has seen a resurgence of mining activities after the discovery of platinum at Unki which lies a few kilometres just after the Wolfshall Pass(Boterekwa).This has seen the establishment of a large mining complex by Implats(Impala Platinum)and the refurbishing of houses which used to belong to the old Zimasco employees.
Shurugwi district is predominantly occupied by the Karanga ethnic people who form the majority of the population but there are other minorities like Ndebele speaking people in the Rockford small scale purchase farms and the Dlodlo area.Other ethnic people are the few remaining ex-employees of Zimasco who are predominantly of Malawian extraction.
The region is dominated by the Great Dyke which dissects it in the middle.Much of the other areas are made up of poor sandy soils which support subsistence agriculture.
Politically Shurugwi district saw a lot of fighting between Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army fighters and Rhodesian forces which led to significant deaths among the civilian population. It has remained a predominantly ZANUPF stronghold since independence.
Shurugwi has not escaped the scourge of the AIDS pandemic with many of its youthful people succumbing to the deadly virus.
Shurugwi boasts several higher education instistutions like Hanke Mission,Tongogara High School and Pakame Mission which date back many years.It has a significant number of highly educated professionals like lawyers,doctors,accountants and others.

</doc>
<doc id="21419647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419647" title="Ohio State Route 187">
Ohio State Route 187

State Route 187 (SR 187, OH 187) is a north–south state highway in the central portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. The southern terminus of SR 187 is at a T-intersection with SR 56 approximately northwest of London. Its northern terminus is at a T-intersection with SR 29 about to the southeast of Mechanicsburg.
Route description.
OH 187 begins its journey at its junction with OH 56 in Madison County's Somerford Township, approximately to the northwest of the OH 56 interchange off of I-70 (Exit 72). Starting out to the north-northeast, OH 187 is lined with a number of homes as it traverses just to the west of Choctaw Lake. Continuing on, the highway enters into an area dominated by farmland for the remainder of OH 187's trek, with houses appearing every so often. OH 187 intersects Arbuckle Road, curves to the north-northwest, then bends ever so slightly into a more northward direction as it arrives at its intersection with Tradersville-Brighton Road. North of there, OH 187 turns to the northwest, and passes by Lewis Road. Less than northwest of the Lewis Road intersection, OH 187 crosses into Champaign County.
Now traveling through Goshen Township, OH 187 jogs briefly to the west, then resumes a northwesterly trend, arriving at its intersection with Davisson Road. The highway passes by a cluster of homes, meets Wren Road, then curves to the northeast. OH 187 continues in this direction for a stretch, then turns to the northwest, and a short time later, comes to an end as it meets OH 29 at a sharp angle, approximately to the southeast of Mechanicsburg.
History.
OH 187 first appeared on maps in 1931, following the routing that it occupies today. No major changes have taken place to OH 187 since its debut.

</doc>
<doc id="21419664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419664" title="Nils Johan Andersson">
Nils Johan Andersson

Nils Johan Andersson (20 February 1821 Gärdserum, Småland, Sweden - 27 March 1880 Stockholm), was a Swedish botanist and traveller. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation N.J.Andersson when citing a botanical name.
He studied at Uppsala University between 1840-45 obtaining a DSc. On 30 September 1851 he accompanied the Swedish expedition as botanist aboard the frigate """HMS "Eugenie"""", sailing from Karlskrona under the command of Captain Christian Adolf Virgin (1797-1870), on the first Swedish circumnavigation, calling at Honolulu, Tahiti, San Francisco, Sydney and Manila, various South American ports, the Galapagos, Hong Kong and Singapore. On this voyage he collected at the Cape of Good Hope in April 1853. Returning to Sweden, he was appointed Professor of Botany at Lund University. He was also director of the Botanical Department of the Swedish Museum of Natural History and the Hortus Bergianus in Stockholm. His special interests were Salix, Cyperaceae and Gramineae and he published numerous papers on the systematics and morphology of these taxa. 
In 1875, acting on behalf of the Swedish Museum of Natural History, he acquired Sonder's South African collection of some 100 000 specimens.
Andersson was commemorated in the Piperaceae genus "Anderssoniopiper" Trel.. According to Yuncker, Trelease's student who completed Trelease's work after his death, there are grave doubts about the type locality of "Anderssoniopiper panamense" Trel. (presently filed under "Piper latifolium" L.f.), which is not to be found anywhere in Panama. It may well have been collected in Tahiti, Honolulu or Sydney and mislabelled during or after the voyage. 
He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1859.
Family.
Andersson was married to the artist Anna Tigerhielm. Their son Johan Axel Gustaf Andersson (1859-1924) was a well-known painter, sculptor and illustrator.

</doc>
<doc id="21419686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419686" title="Chris Knierim">
Chris Knierim

Christopher "Chris" Knierim (born November 5, 1987) is an American pair skater. With partner Alexa Scimeca, he is the 2014 Four Continents bronze medalist and 2013 U.S. national silver medalist.
Personal life.
Christopher Knierim was born November 5, 1987 in Tucson, Arizona. He lived in San Diego, California before settling in Colorado Springs, Colorado in the summer of 2006. He has worked as an auto mechanic. He became engaged to Alexa Scimeca in April 2014.
Career.
Early career.
Knierim began skating at age 12. He teamed up with Brynn Carman in February 2006. Dalilah Sappenfield coached the pair at the World Ice Arena in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The pair won the junior silver medal at the 2009 U.S. Championships. They announced the end of their partnership on April 9, 2009.
Knierim began skating with Carolyn-Ann Alba in 2009. They won the junior pairs title at the 2010 Midwestern Sectional Championships and the 2010 U.S. junior pewter medal. They split after the 2010 U.S. Championships.
Knierim began a partnership with Andrea Poapst in July 2010. They won the junior title at the 2011 Midwestern Sectional Championships and the junior silver medal at the U.S. Championships. Poapst/Knierim won gold at the 2011 Ice Challenge, their first senior international together. They parted ways at the end of the 2011–12 season.
Partnership with Scimeca.
Knierim teamed up with Alexa Scimeca in April 2012. They train together in Colorado Springs, Colorado under coaches Dalilah Sappenfield and Larry Ibarra. The pair won gold at their first international event, the 2012 Coupe de Nice. After a number of withdrawals, they received a Grand Prix assignment, the 2012 NHK Trophy, where they finished 4th. 
Scimeca/Knierim won the silver medal at the 2013 U.S. Championships. They were assigned to the 2013 Four Continents Championships but withdrew just before the event — Scimeca injured her right foot in practice. Scimeca/Knierim were named to the U.S. team for the 2013 World Championships after Caydee Denney / John Coughlin withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="21419712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419712" title="Steaua Rangers">
Steaua Rangers

Steaua Rangers is a Romanian ice hockey team that currently plays in the Romanian Hockey League. They play their home games at Mihai Flamaropol.
History.
The hockey team was founded in 1951 as CCA București and existed alongside other sections (e.g., football, handball, basketball) in the Steaua București sports club. In 1961, their name was changed to CSA Steaua București. With 40 championship titles and 31 cup victories, Steaua is the most successful ice hockey team in Romania. They last won the Championship in 2006, and the Cup in 2008.
In 2008, Steaua joined the MOL Liga along with CS Progym Gheorgheni in addition to the Romanian Hockey League. They finished in sixth place out of ten participants. Steaua did not return to the league in 2009-10, due to financial issues.
The team played the 2011-12 season.
Known players.
Players known to have joined this team is current forward and San Jose draft pick Cam Severson and former retired NHL goaltender Artūrs Irbe.

</doc>
<doc id="21419715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419715" title="Cand.oecon.">
Cand.oecon.

Candidatus oeconomices (male) or Candidata oeconomices (female), often abbreviated cand.oecon. is an academic degree in economics at Danish, Icelandic and Norwegian universities. It is roughly equivalent to a Master of Economics.
It was introduced in Norway in 1905 as a supplementary academic degree in economics, conferred by the Faculty of Law, University of Oslo and mostly intended for those already holding a cand.jur. degree. The degree cand.oecon. in itself did not qualify for the higher civil servant positions, unlike the cand.jur. degree. The programme usually lasted two years. In 1934, it became an independent 5-year education in economics. The degree was replaced in Norway by the Bachelor/Master's degree (3+2) system in 2003.
It was established in 1964 at the University of Iceland as a 4 year program in Business Administration at the Faculty of Economics and Business Administration and remained in effect until 1996 when the current three year BS (1996) and one year MS program (1997) took over.

</doc>
<doc id="21419734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419734" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Manassas, in Manassas Park, and in Prince William County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Manassas, in Manassas Park, and in Prince William County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Prince William County, Virginia and the two independent cities of Manassas Park and Manassas which it surrounds. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the tables below.
There are four, two, and 44 listings in each of Manassas, Manassas Park, and Prince William County.

</doc>
<doc id="21419772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419772" title="Rajeev Gandhi Memorial Boarding School">
Rajeev Gandhi Memorial Boarding School

Rajeev Gandhi Memorial Boarding School is a self-funding, boarding senior high school located near Jaidu Mandi in Sheopur, Madhya Pradesh, India.
Organisation.
Rajeev Gandhi Memorial is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education. The school has a campus that consists of well-equipped laboratories, a library, classrooms and a playground.
History.
This school was founded in 1999 by Dheerendra Singh Tomar. In the first year school was opened for only up to Class 9 and by the following years it went up to Class 12. By 2000 the school received high school status. It is much hyped but in reality the institute falls way behind other schools.It admits students against CBSE guidelines. The facilities are not so good and the level of competition is less. Most students are from the nearby villages
The first principal of the school was Arvind Tomar. Raghvendra Dron was a later principal, and Shiv Nath Singh Sikarwar is the current principal.
Sports achievements.
Students have competed in Cricket and Badminton at State level.

</doc>
<doc id="21419781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419781" title="Before Vanishing">
Before Vanishing

Before Vanishing is a Syrian documentary film by director Joude Gorani.
The filmmaker travels from the beginning to the end of the Barada river that surrounds the capital city of Damascus. Often deemed iconic of nature's wondrous beauty, the film reveals how the Barada river has suffered from exploitation, neglect, pollution and unplanned urbanization. The film also uncovers the transformation of the river's social life and provides an intelligent measure of the distance between ideology and reality in contemporary Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="21419782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419782" title="Hime Tsukino">
Hime Tsukino

, (born March 25, 1985 in Osaka) is a Japanese trans woman, and award-winning model and former adult video (AV) actress.
Life and career.
Hime Tsukino was born in Osaka, Japan on March 25, 1985. Her stage name "Hime" translates to "princess" and derives from her childhood nickname. Tsukino is a pre-operative male-to-female transsexual, also known as a trans-woman. She has transitioned in all aspects except sex (gender) reassignment surgery. The Japanese slang term for such individuals is "new half" (ニューハーフ) and this term is also used for the Japanese porn genre which features transsexuals. It is equivalent to the English porn term shemale and both are usually considered pejorative.
Although still a niche market, transsexual themed videos have increased in sales and popularity in Japan in recent years. Tsukino has been described as "one of the biggest newhalf superstars in Japan" and along with fellow transsexual actress Miki Mizuasa, she qualifies as a true AV idol
Tsukino made her debut in AVs in 2006 and appeared regularly as a featured performer for over two and a half years. Many of her videos were with other transsexual actresses but she has also worked with mainstream actresses including a December 2006 title with AV superstar Riko Tachibana. In her 2008 video "Hime Tsukino's She-male Nampa! You Wanna Check My Thing?", she "goes to hunt amateur girls" at the beach and shows them her penis. In a 2008 production for Soft On Demand (SOD), "New Half Public Bath", co-starring Miki Mizuasa, the actresses are at a Japanese public bath where they are welcomed in both the male and female sections (and engage in sex with both clienteles). The steamy action is all captured on hidden cameras.
"Lost Male Virginity With New Half", released in 2008 for the new SOD label Ningen Kousatsu (Human Inquiry), is in documentary style and follows five virgin males who must decide to lose their virginity either to a chubby girl, an old woman, or a slim model type (Tsukino). The video records their reactions as they discover Tsukino's being a trans woman. Tsukino also made two uncensored videos - without mosaic pixelation to obscure genitals - with Mizuasa, "J-Girls With Cocks", for Oriental Dream in May 2008, and "Red Hot Jam Vol.68 He/She Transsexual : Miki Miasa, Hime Tsukino" for Sky High Productions in November 2008.
Although Tsukino sometimes played the active (penetrating) role in sex with both male and female actors in AV, she identifies as female (性別：女性) in her blog. In a late 2008 filming of a sex scene for an uncensored online streaming-video production, she insisted on remaining clothed "so she can use the photos to show herself as a girl".
Tsukino has twice received recognition for her role in the AV industry - her video "How to New Half" (produced by Dream Ticket and directed by R40) won the 2nd Place Award in the 2007 AV Open Challenge Stage competition and her ensemble video "Shemale & Celebrity" was nominated as the Alpha International entry in the 2008 AV Grand Prix contest. She was also crowned as the New Half Queen (ニューハーフクイーン) at the 8th annual contest in 2008. At the beginning of 2008, the DMM website, part of the Hokuto Corporation, ranked Tsukino #8 in DVD sales for transsexual actresses on their site.
Tsukino closed her Livedoor blog in November 2008 and announced her retirement from AV work but opened a new blog to keep in touch with her fans. Although retired from AV work, Tsukino did appear in an uncensored shoot in 2009 for SheMaleJapan.com, a US website owned by Grooby Productions.
Also in September 2009, Tsukino was featured in the softcore pink film . The romantic comedy released by Shintōhō centered on the TV business and co-starred Yuria Hidaka and Ami Natsui.

</doc>
<doc id="21419789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419789" title="African Children">
African Children

African Children is a double LP by Lester Bowie recorded for the Italian Horo label and released in 1978. It features performances by Bowie, Arthur Blythe, Amina Claudine Myers, Malachi Favors, and Phillip Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="21419791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419791" title="Huracán Ramírez (film)">
Huracán Ramírez (film)

Huracán Ramírez ("Hurricane Ramirez") is a 1952 black-and-white Mexican Lucha film directed by Joselito Rodríguez and co-written by Joselito Rodríguez, Juan Rodríguez Mas, and Jesús Saucedo. The film follows the story of Fernando Torres, a young man who decides to follow his in his father's footsteps by donning the secret identity of Huracán Ramírez, a masked luchador, despite his father's wishes to the contrary.
Huracán Ramírez was the first of a series of wrestling films to introduce the fictitious title character. Unlike later films of the genre, it's storyline focused on more dramatic subplots and light comedy. Although actor David Silva portrayed the role of Fernando Torres, the wrestling scenes and action sequences were performed by real-life wrestler Eduardo Bonada. Bonada was contracted to wrestle as Huracán Ramírez following the film's release, until he grew tired of the gimmick and was replaced by luchador Daniel García. García, who popularized the character, would continue to wrestle as Huracán Ramírez until his retirement from lucha libre in 1988. The character was originally named 'Huracán López' in the early stages of film production. His surname was later changed to avoid confusion with Tarzán López.
Cast and characters.
The film also featured real-life luchadores Frank "El Carnicero" Bucher, El Médico Asesino, Camilo "Bulldog" Pérez, and Bello Califa.
Plot.
Fernando Torres, in light of his family's poor finances, drops out of college to become a successful lounge singer at a local club. A fact he keeps secret from his father, a washed-up wrestler under the name of Tonina Jackson. Tonino has had some recent popularity in the ring, only due to Fernando bribing other wrestlers to lose. Fernando is also secretly moonlighting as the masked luchador Huracán Ramírez to further help with the household expenses. He is assisted by his somewhat dim-witted friend, Pichí, who doubles as his trainer and his stand-in for any situation in which Fernando and Huracán might have to be seen at the same time. Tonino has a growing resentment against Huracán's popularity and is further aggravated when he refuses to face him in the ring.
After a night of partying, Fernando's father discovers his secret job as a lounge singer. Unimpressed with his new career path and disappointed he ended his schooling, he demands Fernando to leave his household. Tonina is later dissuaded by his younger daughter, who explains Fernando has been helping with finances for some time and without his spare income, the family would have been unable to survive. Meanwhile, the local wrestling promoter discovers Fernando has been setting up his father's matches. The promoter promises not to expose him as long as further bribes do not occur. In a following match against the wrestler Bello Califa, a drunken Pichí is mistaken for Huracán Ramírez. Pichí manages to defeat the flamboyant Bello Califa and after much confusion, both Fernando's sisters discover the true identity of Huracán.
In the next day's match, Fernando wrestles against El Médico Asesino, only to be interrupted by an angry Totina. Despite being unwilling to fight against his father, Fernando relents. After their impromptu match comes to an end, Totina develops a great respect for Huracán Ramírez and decides to form an alliance with him. Meanwhile, Gloria, a fellow lounge singer and Fernando's former flame, feels dejected when her love for Fernando goes on unrequited. She is later enraged to learn that he has a new girlfriend, Laura, Pichí's older sister. A broken-hearted Gloria seeks revenge against her former lover, and after discovering his secret identity of Huracán Ramírez, plots to kill him by enlisting the aid of rival luchadors Frank "El Carnicero" Bucher, El Médico Asesino, Camilo "Bulldog" Pérez.
The plan is to kidnap Fernando's father, who will thereby be unable to attend the night's tag-team match, and be replaced with Bulldog. During the course of the match, Bulldog will turn against Huracán, and the three luchadors will beat him to death. Their plan is foiled however, as Pichí quickly alerts Fernando who arrives just in time as Huracán to free his father, but his leg is badly injured in the process. Totina leaves for the match, only for Huracán to be replaced last minute by Bulldog, a reversal of Gloria's original plan. Fernando manages to rush to the wrestling stadium in time to fend off his father's attackers, but in his wounded state is easily overpowered by them. In an illegal move, one of the luchadors unmasks Fernando, revealing his true identity to his father. At this, both father and son are put in a blind rage, in which they both are able to defeat their attackers at the thunderous applause of fans.

</doc>
<doc id="21419830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419830" title="Joude Gorani">
Joude Gorani

Joude Gorani (born 1980) is a Syrian Cinematographer. She graduated from La Femis (French state film school) in 2005. She has since worked in documentaries such as "Dolls - A Woman from Damascus" directed by Diana El Jeiroudi, premiered at IDFA and Visions du réel documentary film festival in Nyon, Switzerland, "Black Stone" directed by Nidal Dibs and "Black Lines" directed by Danish filmmaker Camilla Magid. Her graduation film was "Before Vanishing" about the decline of Damascus' Barada river.
In fiction, Joude Gorani worked on a few shorts before she filmed feature films by Nidal Dibs, Maher Kaddo and Joud Said.
Gorani is a selector for DOX BOX, the international documentary film festival in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="21419834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419834" title="Dream Satellite TV">
Dream Satellite TV

Dream Satellite TV is the first all-digital Direct-To-Home (DTH) television broadcasting service via satellite in the Philippines.
Broadcasting from the Dream Broadcast Center located at the Clark Special Economic Zone in Pampanga. Content is received from program providers, compressed and broadcast via Koreasat 5 (Mugunghwa 5) in DVB-S and NTSC color format exclusively to its subscribers using the Integrated Receiver-Decoder and the Conax Nagravision 2 Encryption System.
To receive Dream's broadcasting signals, subscribers must acquire a in diameter satellite dish antenna, an Integrated Receiver-Decoder (IRD) and a Dream Conditional Access Card (Smart Card). To provide security and protection, the satellite signals of Dream shall be encrypted using a Conditional Access System. Thus, exclusive use of Dream programs and services will only be available to Dream subscribers.
History.
In April 1997, Dream was incorporated to the Philippine Multi-Media System, Inc. (PMSI). On February 6, 1998, the Philippine Congress passed into law Republic Act No. 8630 which granted PMSI a franchise to construct, install, maintain and operate for commercial purposes and in the public interest, television and radio broadcasting in the Philippines. The franchise term is 25 years. On February 1, 2000, The National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) granted a provisional authority to engage in Direct-To-Home (DTH) satellite services. On February 7, 2001, the PMSI inaugurates its Dream Broadcasting Center at Clark Development Center, and on April 22, 2001, the commercial launch of Dream Broadcasting System, the first DTH system in the Philippines, took place.
In 2011, Antonio Cojuangco, owner of PMSI, has plans to sell the company. In August 2013, it was revealed that SkyCable was in the advanced stages of negotiations of acquisition of PMSI.
Status of competition and controversy.
Dream Satellite TV filed a complaint with the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) against Global Broadcasting and Multimedia, Inc. (G Sat) for offering A DTH service in the Philippines without a franchise and a license from Philippine authorities, namely the Philippine Congress for a broadcast franchise and the NTC for a Certificate of Public Convenience. Aside from Dream, the Lopez-owned Sky Cable Corporation also filed a similar complaint against GBMI. It argued that GBMI's illegal entry into the industry will result in the unnecessary duplication of an existing service that existing cable TV and DTH-TV service providers already adequately provide.

</doc>
<doc id="21419891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419891" title="Lucia Dvorská">
Lucia Dvorská

Lucia Dvorská (born July 14, 1988) is a Slovak model who appeared in the 2009 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. She was born in Bratislava, Slovakia. She grew up in a village in western Slovakia, called Zohor. Despite appearing in a television commercial as a child, she didn’t start modeling until age 16. She was a contestant on the 2007 reality television show, "A Model Life", hosted by Petra Němcová on TLC and as a result she won a $100 000 contract with "Next" Agency. Dvorská was a beauty pageant titleholder as the 2000 Little Miss World.

</doc>
<doc id="21419952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419952" title="Paolo Espino">
Paolo Espino

Paolo Espino (born January 10, 1987), is an Panamanian professional baseball pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization.
Espino attended The Pendelton School in Bradenton, Florida and has played in minor league baseball since 2007.
Espino's cousin Damaso also is a professional baseball player and both were on Panama's roster for the 2009 World Baseball Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="21419955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419955" title="Kiatnakin Bank">
Kiatnakin Bank

Kiatnakin Bank is a full-service bank based in Thailand. The bank was founded in 2005 in Bangkok with 17,000 million baht in funds, and has grown to 52 branches and is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand's SET50 Index. The company headquarters are located in Bangkok. 
History.
Kiatnakin was originally founded in 1971 as a financial services company, and grew steadily until the recession of the late 1990s forced a suspension of operations. In 2005 the bank, which at the time had 22 financial services branches, applied for and received a commercial banking license.
Subsidiaries.
Kiatnakin Securities is a subsidiary company of the bank, and in 2008 the company established a new wholly owned subsidiary, Erawan Law Office. 

</doc>
<doc id="21419993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21419993" title="Damaris Lewis">
Damaris Lewis

Damaris Lewis (born October 10, 1990) is an American model that appeared in the 2009, 2010, and 2011 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issues". Lewis was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York. She studied with a conservatory-style arts concentration in dance at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts.
Lewis was discovered while performing with her childhood dance company Restoration Dance Theater at Chelsea Piers. She decided to wait until her second year of high school before signing a contract with Elite Model Management.
Lewis has appeared in campaigns for Black/Up, Clarins, Tsumori Chisato, and Tsumori Chisato, Victoria's Secret’s Pink line, and Yves Saint Laurent (brand). She has done Editorial shoots for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit 2009, 2010, 2011; Essence (magazine), French Marie Claire, Gala, Pride Magazine London, Trace (magazine), Uptown magazine, and Vibe Magazine. She is known for having a short torso for her height. Ford, Innovative Artists, and Angels & Demons in France currently represent her.
Taking a step into entertainment arenas, Lewis appeared briefly in the 2011 movie Limitless, dancing in a club scene with Bradley Cooper.
She was selected by Nick Jonas and Modelinia to do a 3-day, feature style interview video set. This gave her recognition from a wider audience and sparked an interest in interviewing and hosting.
Lewis hosted a special presentation for The Africa Channel entitled, Prince! Behind The Symbol: Music Special, during his Welcome 2 America - 21 Night Stand at The Los Angeles Forum.
She appeared in the music video for Kanye West's single "Monster". After months of secret rehearsals, in May 2012, she got the chance to showcase some of the dancing talents she trained to do. Famed musician Prince (musician) selected her as his Muse & Dancer during his Welcome 2 Australia Tour 2012 with The New Power Generation. Lewis continuing touring with Prince & NPG for his 2012 Welcome to Chicago Tour, appeared with the band on Jimmy Kimmel live, and served as his muse for his closing show at SXSW 2013 in Austin Texas.
Her love for basketball and the world of fashion motivated her to launch the personal blog, Heels to Hoops. The blog, which she started just before the 2012 NBA Playoffs, featured key NBA game followups, interviews with celebrities and sports figures, and followed her behind the scenes on Australian tour dates.
She accompanied Kate Upton at a Los Angeles Clippers game when Upton was filmed doing a rendition of the Dougie dance that went viral.
Lewis starred in the high impact promo and lead-in video that kicked off the 2013 NBA All-Star Game played in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21420006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420006" title="Peter Hermann Stillmark">
Peter Hermann Stillmark

In 1888 at the University in Dorpat, now Tartu in Estonia under prof. Rudolf Kobert's supervision Peter Hermann Stillmark (1860–1923) completed his doctoral thesis "Über Ricin, ein giftiges Ferment aus den Samen von Ricinus comm. L. und einigen anderen Euphorbiaceen", which is a description of the isolation of ricin, a poisonous protein component from castor beans. That event is internationally recognised as the birth of a new branch of science called lectinology.
Any of a group of proteins, derived from plants, that can bind to specific oligosaccharides on the surface of cells, causing the cells to clump together. Lectins can be used to identify mutant cells in cell cultures and to determine blood groups as they can cause the agglutination of red blood cells. Lectins are found in seeds of legumes and in other tissues, in which they are thought to act as a toxin.
Source.
"This article incorporates language from Herrmann Stillmark, which is released under GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="21420012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420012" title="Range Software">
Range Software

Range Software is finite element analysis software package.
iRaCS – online computing.
iRaCS – internet Range Computational System
iRaCS is a GRID-like network of independent computers which can solve individual problems.
iRaCS consists of three parts:

</doc>
<doc id="21420038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420038" title="WAGR K class">
WAGR K class

The K-class was a class of steam locomotives of the Western Australian Government Railways introduced in 1893/94 to haul heavier loads in particular on the Eastern Goldfields Railway. Their wheel arrangement was 2-8-4T, which was a tank engine.
The locomotives required heavier rails, 39 kg/m in lieu of 23 kg/m.
The K class operated on narrow gauge lines.
Class lists.
The numbers and periods in service of each member of the K class were as follows:
Namesake.
There is also a Co-Co K-class diesel locomotive of the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="21420047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420047" title="International Fateh Academy">
International Fateh Academy

The International Fateh Academy is a Sikh school situated at Jandiala Guru, Amritsar, Punjab, India. 

</doc>
<doc id="21420080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420080" title="Mrzli Log">
Mrzli Log

Mrzli Log () is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21420088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420088" title="Jasmin Gerat">
Jasmin Gerat

Jasmin Gerat (born in Berlin, Germany on December 25, 1978) is a German actress.
Gerat is the daughter of a German mother and Turkish father. In 1994 she won the "Bravo"-Girl competition. The next year, she placed second in The Look of the Year competition for models. In the mid-nineties, she began working in German television, hosting "Heart Attack", "Bravo TV" and "Chartbreaker". 
Gerat began working as an actress in 1997, her first major role being a lead in "Caipiranha" by Felix Dünnemann. In addition to film and television roles, Gerat has performed on stage, in Düsseldorf and Hanover.
Beginning in 2005, she has played the police detective Jale Beck on the crime series "SOKO Köln", a role she helped develop. Beck is, like Gerat, half-Turkish, half-German.

</doc>
<doc id="21420090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420090" title="Experiments in Fluids">
Experiments in Fluids

Experiments in Fluids is a scientific, peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal presents contributions that employ existing experimental techniques to gain an understanding of the underlying flow physics in specific areas. These areas include turbulence, aerodynamics, hydrodynamics, convective heat transfer, combustion, turbomachinery, multi-phase flows, and chemical, biological and geological flows. In addition, papers report on investigations combining experimental and analytical/numerical approaches. The journal also publishes letters and review articles.
Impact factor.
"Experiments in Fluids" had a 2011 impact factor of 1.735 (2010: 1.596).
Editors.
The editors of the journal are E. K. Longmire (University of Minnesota, USA), C. Tropea (Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany) and J. Westerweel (Laboratory for Aero & Hydrodynamics, Delft University of Technology, Netherlands).

</doc>
<doc id="21420092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420092" title="Khon Kaen Sugar">
Khon Kaen Sugar

Khon Kaen Sugar is a sugar-manufacturing company based in Thailand. Its corporate headquarters are located in Bangkok. Principal manufacturing facilities are located in Khon Kaen of northeastern Thailand. 
History.
Khon Kaen was founded as Kwang Soon Lee in 1945 in Bangkok and in 1952 moved to a plant in Thonburi, producing 250 bags of sugar a day. The company spent the next decades merging with and acquiring companies and in 1974 organized itself and its companies as KSL Group. It listed at the Stock Exchange of Thailand in 2005, and is on the SET50 Index, and is currently the only sugar company at the SET.
Subsidiaries.
Other KSL subsidiary companies include Thai Fermentation Industry, which produces Red Spoon brand condiments and is the largest exporter of seasoning products in Thailand; and Chengteh Chinaware Thailand, which produces and trades ceramic giftware. As of 2003 KSL is working to use waste molasses and bagasse for the production of ethanol and gasahol.

</doc>
<doc id="21420101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420101" title="Mrzli Vrh, Idrija">
Mrzli Vrh, Idrija

Mrzli Vrh is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21420111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420111" title="WAGR K class (diesel)">
WAGR K class (diesel)

The K class are a class of diesel locomotives built by English Electric, Rocklea for the Western Australian Government Railways between 1966 and 1969.
History.
Nine K class were delivered in 1966/67 to operate services on the 657 kilometre Eastern Goldfields Railway from Perth to Kalgoorlie that was being converted to standard gauge. After initially working construction trains, in November 1966 they began working wheat trains from Merredin to Fremantle and once the full line was opened began working services to Kalgoorlie and Esperance.
In January 1966, K201 became the first locomotive to travel across Australia. It hauled freight trains from Brisbane to Melbourne, before being hauled for the rest of the journey. It passed through five states, travelled on six railway systems and required a change of bogies at Melbourne, Port Pirie and Kalgoorlie.
Goldsworthy Mining had purchased six similar locomotives, and after having one destroyed in an accident, purchased K202 with K210 ordered as a replacement. In July 1986 Goldsworth Mining purchased K203.
The Western Australian Government Railways also purchased 16 similar R class locomotives mounted on narrow gauge bogies. In 1974 three were fitted with standard gauge bogies and reclassified as the Ka class.
Four have been sold to SCT Logistics and three had gone to South Spur Rail Services by August 2000. The latter three are now owned by Greentrains and have been used as Broken Hill shunters as well as in Western Australia.
The two sold to Goldsworthy Mining were transferred to BHP's Port Kembla operation in November 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21420115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420115" title="John Work Scott">
John Work Scott

John Work Scott was the sixth and last president of Washington College before its merger with Jefferson College to form Washington & Jefferson College.
A native of Wheeling, West Virginia, Scott graduated from Jefferson College in 1827 and worked as a Presbyterian minister. He was elected president of Washington College on November 10, 1852 and was inaugurated in 1853. He earned a salary of $1000 per year and received a raise to $1500 per year in 1859. In 1860, he was elected president of the Maryland Agricultural College, but was unavailable to serve. By 1862, Washington College's enrollment dropped by about two-thirds, as 90 students joined the armed services to fight in the American Civil War. Scott retired from the presidency in August 1865, ostensibly to smooth the merger between Washington College and Jefferrson College. He continued his career in academia by teaching at West Virginia University.

</doc>
<doc id="21420119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420119" title="Pečnik">
Pečnik

Pečnik is a small settlement in the hills above Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21420132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420132" title="1974–75 Toronto Toros season">
1974–75 Toronto Toros season

The 1974–75 Toronto Toros season was the team's second season in Toronto, after spending their inaugural season as the Ottawa Nationals in 1972-73. The Toros moved from Varsity Arena to Maple Leaf Gardens for the start of their second season.
Draft picks.
Toronto's draft picks at the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="21420140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420140" title="My Jerusalem">
My Jerusalem

My Jerusalem is an Indie Rock band that formed in the New Orleans, Louisiana area and now resides in Austin, Texas. The band originally began as a collective featuring Jeff Klein and Dave Rosser of The Twilight Singers, Rick Nelson of Polyphonic Spree, Ashley Dzerigian of Great Northern and Cully Symington of Bishop Allen. Their debut EP was released on March 10 and is titled Without Feathers.
My Jerusalem's connecting thread was Jeff Klein, who had played with each of the band's current members on his solo tour and as a touring and recording member of The Twilight Singers and The Gutter Twins. Klein said that "I didn't actually start out thinking of forming a band. I'd played with all of them at different times, and I was like, 'How great would it be to play will all of these people at the same time?' And then when we did it made perfect sense for that to be what we do. We clicked immediately.". 
Their grand introduction was at SXSW 2009, in what band members considered their "opening night." 
In June 2009, both AOL/Spinner and Apple declared My Jerusalem as buzzworthy and promoted the song Sweet Chariot. In October 2009 My Jerusalem embarked on a US tour with Har Mar Superstar and also played the CMJ Music Festival 
In late 2010, The band released their debut album Gone For Good to much critical acclaim. The band quickly gained support from well respected outlets such as BBC 6Music which hosted a live session on Marc Rileys show and NPR featuring them on All Songs Considered.
Discography.
Without Feathers 
My Jerusalem's debut EP, Without Feathers, was released March 10, 2009. It consisted of five tracks: Sweet Chariot, Under Your Skin, Heroin(e), Turtledove, and Remember Everything.
Gone For Good
My Jerusalem released Gone For Good, their first full-length album, on October 25, 2010. The album contains 12 tracks, including two from their EP (Sweet Chariot and Remember Everything).
Preachers
On October 9, 2012 the band released their second studio album, Preachers. The album received generally favorable reviews, with many noting that the record sounded much darker than the band's previous work. Klein himself stated this darker sound felt more "comfortable" for him. The album contained entirely new material.

</doc>
<doc id="21420142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420142" title="Potok, Idrija">
Potok, Idrija

Potok is a small settlement in the hills east of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of the Slovenian Littoral.

</doc>
<doc id="21420149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420149" title="Tamar Valley Power Station">
Tamar Valley Power Station

Aurora Energy Tamar Valley Power Station is a $230 million gas-fuelled power station located at Tamar Valley. At the time of conception, the Tasmanian Government allowed Aurora Energy to enter into long term energy supply agreement with Alinta. During 2008 the Tasmanian government via Aurora Energy acquired the construction project from the then owner Babcock & Brown Power (who had earlier purchased Alinta Energy generation assets). Aurora set up a fully owned subsidiary company "AETV Power" to complete and operate the power station assets.
The station consists of three pre-existing Pratt & Whitney FT8 Twin Pac gas turbine alternators (Units 101 -103), a Rolls Royce Trent 60WLE gas turbine alternator (Unit 104) commissioned in May 2009 and a Mitsubishi M701DA gas turbine operating in combined cycle mode (Unit 201) which completed commissioning in September 2009.
At the end of May 2013 the State of Tasmania transferred the ownership of AETV Power to HydroTasmania; another state owned enterprise.
The combined cycle capacity of 210MW of base load generation includes 140 MW generated directly by the M 701 gas turbine and a further 70MW generated by the Mitsubishi steam turbine generator set. This is supplemented by 180MW of open-cycle gas turbine acting as peaking plant. 

</doc>
<doc id="21420152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420152" title="Phil Jaye">
Phil Jaye

Philip Joseph Patelmo (January 28, 1926 - December 3, 1998) was a stand up comedian and impressionist known by his stage name Phil Jaye.
Hailing from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Phil Jaye was an entertainment icon from South Philadelphia (dubbed "Home of the Stars"), which produced the likes of Bobby Rydell, Frankie Avalon, Joey Bishop and Sherman Hemsley. Prior to starting his solo career he was part of a comedy and singing duo, The Jaye Brothers, with partner Jerry "Aiena" Jaye, who was not his brother. As a solo entertainer and as part of the Jaye Brothers comedy team, Phil received acclaim both locally, nationally and internationally. However, even though he was known in national circles, it was his native South Philly that remained dear to him.
Early life.
Phil Jaye was born and raised in a predominately Italian community near Columbus Square Playground, 11th and Federal Streets in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Phil, the son of Thomas Patelmo and his wife Philomena did everything from selling papers and delivering milk to fixing shoes to help support his family after his parents divorced. Thomas and Philomena had another son, Andrew. Phil attended South Philadelphia High School.
At 18 years old, Jaye went into the Armed Services and was stationed in Europe during World War II, where he was a machine gunner in an Army pill box. When it was discovered he played the drums, the Special Services Branch (USO) took him out of the pill box and he played the drums for them. It was there that he began doing comedy routines. After the army he returned to Philadelphia and began a career in the shoe repair business in the bottom level of Wanamaker's Department Store; but, entertaining was already in his blood. He met and married Jean Maiorano, his wife of fifty years. They had one daughter, Maria, who is now a Pennsylvania state representative.
The Jaye Brothers.
By the 1950s, Phil teamed up with Jerry Aiena, a local singer and piano player, creating The Jaye Brothers, a comedy, dancing and singing duo. The Jaye Brothers were well known for their recording of "Rag Mop" (Supreme Records); (Album on Strand Label). The Jaye Brothers performed at some of the hottest area nightclubs like Palumbo's, Sciolla's, and The 500 Club in Atlantic City and the summer circuit in Wildwood, New Jersey. They branched out to New York City's Latin Quarters, Las Vegas' Thunderbird and then tours of Mexico, Canada and Europe.
Phil Jaye.
Jerry "Jaye" grew tired of the traveling and by the late sixties decided to get out of show business. Having become a seasoned entertainer, Phil Jaye made the decision to go solo.
His material was always fresh and topical, but still retained a balance of flavoring from the old neighborhood of South Philadelphia. Phil not only did comedy, but he sang, danced, and did impersonations - he was a well rounded entertainer. Some of his best musical impersonations were of people such as Dean Martin (he was said to look and sound more like Dean Martin than Dean Martin), Anthony Newley, Louie Armstrong, Louis Prima and even Boris Karloff.
Phil Jaye was not only a humorist, he was a humanitarian with a big heart who always pitched in at charitable functions. He was always a part of the Variety Club's "Old News Boys Day" charity event. He also hosted the Annual Phil Jaye Celebrity Golf Tournament to aid the American Cancer Society. Phil has been honored by many organizations for entertaining at worthy benefits.
Phil "Jaye" Patelmo died on December 3, 1998 of colon cancer.
Recordings.
"Rag Mop"..."The Old Two Beat"..."Ain't Nobody Here but us Chicckens".."Pizza" (Wynne Records) Album: The Singing Comedians"...Strand Records
Movies.
"The BLock" (Myers & Benson Production); "Straw to an Inside straight (Saber Productions); "Disk-O-Tek Holiday" (Allied Artist)
Sources.
"PARADE MAGAZINE" in Boston Sunday Globe, "Variety", "Philadelphia Daily News", Philadelphia Inquirer", "Philadelphia Bulletin", Philadelphia Review"

</doc>
<doc id="21420168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420168" title="Brazilian sculpture">
Brazilian sculpture

The roots of Brazilian sculpture have been traced back to the late 16th century, emerging soon after the first settlements in the newly discovered land. Through the following century, most of the sculpture in Brazil was brought from Portugal and displayed Baroque features. The Baroque style would flourish within the religious culture of the country and would remain predominant until the first decades of the 19th century. In the 19th century, sculptural activity decreased, but it later revived when both the government and the public took a new interest in the art. Modernism fomented a period of intense research into a new language of sculpture, with great achievements, and the contemporary sculpture of Brazil enjoys worldwide respect.
Baroque.
The mid 17th century saw the emergence of the first national school of sculpture with the works of Domingos da Conceição, Agostinho da Piedade and Agostinho de Jesus, now seen as the founders of Brazilian sculpture. Through the 17th and 18th centuries, there were major centers of sculpture production in Salvador and Olinda and in some cities in Minas Gerais and São Paulo. Although Portuguese pieces continued to be imported in great numbers, native masters proliferated. They took refined European models as a source for their inspiration, adapting their general lines toward a folk interpretation of the Baroque style. Decorative woodcarving would also be largely dependent on Portuguese influence, but it flourished with great splendor, as can be seen inside the many churches erected during this period. 
Most surviving pieces from the Baroque era do not record authorship, and only a few names are known: Francisco das Chagas, Manuel Inácio da Costa, Francisco Xavier de Brito and Francisco Vieira Servas. Above them all stands Aleijadinho. He was active in Minas Gerais where he left his greatest works, considered the glory of Brazilian Baroque sculpture: six groups of wooden carved statues known as the "Via Sacra cycle" and the "12 Prophets" carved in soapstone, all at Bom Jesus de Matosinhos Sanctuary in Congonhas do Campo, now a World Heritage Site. The Baroque tradition survived until the beginning of the 20th century, albeit more and more sparsely and mainly in Bahia, despite the introduction of Neoclassicism in the 1820s.
Two special genres of sculpture deserve mention in the Baroque period: the missionary sculpture and the so-called "de roca" statues. The first flourished in the Reductions and was produced by Indians, often helped by Jesuit missionaries, as part of the Jesuits' method of teaching religion to the Indians, who were deeply impressed with and moved by European art. Its style is a highly original synthesis of European influences with the native vision. These creations are of great interest because of their plastic quality and their unique flavor. Although most of them have disappeared, either sold abroad, reshaped, or destroyed, many pieces do remain, preserved mainly by the Missions Museum in Rio Grande do Sul, and they are Brazilian National Heritage. The second special genre, the "de roca" statues, were also sacred in nature and shared a common purpose with the missionary art, as both were didactic. Manipulated by puppeteers in plays of a sacred character, they were instrumental in exciting piety in the people, enhancing the dramatic effect of the play. They were also commonly carried by chariots or other movable devices as part of a procession.
19th century.
After the arrival of King John VI of Portugal and his court in 1808, a group of French refugees known as the French Artistic Mission proposed, in 1816, the creation of an Academy of Arts on the model of the Académie de peinture et de sculpture in Paris. The Brazilian Academy, called the Royal School of Sciences, Arts and Crafts, later restructured as the Imperial Academy of Fine Arts, dominated Brazilian art for more than 100 years. The Academy merged, following further restructuring, with the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro in 1931.
During the 19th century, Brazilian sculpture declined severely. Religious tradition, until then the greatest source of inspiration, was displaced by secular concerns, and only a few important artists were active, all of them working within the academic circle, displaying a mixed blend of styles: Neoclassical, Romantic, and Realist. The only great name in this impoverished period was Rodolpho Bernardelli, but others deserve mention: Marc Ferrez, Honorato Manoel de Lima, Francisco Elídio Pânfiro and Francisco Manuel Chaves Pinheiro. Cândido Caetano de Almeida Reis and Décio Villares, both noteworthy talents, left some fine pieces.
Modern and Contemporary.
The last years of the 19th century witnessed increasing diversity of styles. In the beginning of the 20th century, Brazilian sculpture regained strength and was evolving across Neogothic, Art Nouveau, Symbolism, and Art Deco. Funerary sculpture opened up as a major market, and official art produced some important monuments. Eclectic pieces crowded on many facades, sacred sculptors were active, and a renewed interest in the art became evident. Modestino Kanto, Celso Antônio Silveira de Menezes, Ettore Ximenes, Amadeu Zani, Elio de Giusto, Adolfo Rollo, and Francisco Leopoldo e Silva produced fine pieces in this phase.
Victor Brecheret was the leading name for introducing Modernist taste into Brazilian sculpture, seconded by Quirino da Silva, Lasar Segall, Antônio Gomide, Elisabeth Nobiling, Bruno Giorgi, Julio Guerra, Ernesto de Fiori and Alfredo Ceschiatti. A landmark in this development was the 1951 São Paulo Art Biennial, which lent abstract sculpture official support by granting first prize to a piece by Swiss artist Max Bill.
Thereafter, abstract art flourished, displaying several interpretations of the style, but figurative tendencies did not vanish, combining with, or sometimes not, various grades of abstraction. The Pop Art and Neoexpressionism of the 1960s contributed variety, and in the 1970s, Conceptualism broadened ideas about artistic creation and the significance of art, and the range of materials used for sculpting opened wide. Since the 1980s, Brazilian sculpture has been consistently taught in many universities, and in the beginning of the 21st century, many Brazilian artists enjoy international approval, such as Francisco Brennand, Franz Weissmann, Amílcar de Castro, Lígia Clark, Sergio de Camargo, Sérvulo Esmeraldo, Frans Krajcberg, Sonia Ebling, Iole de Freitas, Willys de Castro, and Waltércio Caldas.

</doc>
<doc id="21420190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420190" title="Predgriže">
Predgriže

Predgriže is a settlement northeast of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
Mass grave.
Predgriže is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Crow Peak Shaft 2 Mass Grave () is located about 2.5 km north of Predgriž and about 2.5 km west of Godovič. It contains the remains of unidentified victims.

</doc>
<doc id="21420199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420199" title="TC Ooi">
TC Ooi

TC Ooi, full name (Ooi Tong Chien) (黄同权) is the Executive Director of DTC Group Asia. DTC Group is a regional conglomerate operating in Asia with major businesses present in South Korea and Malaysia. DTC Group is the holding company for multiple companies that focuses on property development, green technology advancement and has various investment interest in retail, food & beverage and telecommnications. Prior to starting up DTC Group, TC was the founding Director for Enterprise Asia, a regional NGO for Entrepreneurship based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and has strong presence throughout the Asia Pacific, namely Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, South Korea, Hong Kong, China and Vietnam. 
Career.
Ooi holds a Bachelor of Science degree double majoring in Electronics and Management of Science and Technology from Universiti Malaya, the oldest and most reputable institution in Malaysia. Throughout his university life, he was prominent in leading AIESEC, the largest student youth organization in Malaysia as their National President for 2 consecutive terms. Through his leadership, AIESEC in Malaysia was awarded the Global Excellence Award, the most prestigious Award for AIESEC chapters awarded by UBS AG company.
Prior to joining Enterprise Asia and DTC Group, Ooi was the Manager of Human Resources for Procter & Gamble (P&G). He was responsible for the Prestige Skincare division for ASEAN (South East Asia) business unit.

</doc>
<doc id="21420207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420207" title="(182294) 2001 KU76">
(182294) 2001 KU76

, provisionally known as 2001 KU76, is a trans-Neptunian object (TNO) that has a 6:11 resonance with Neptune. This is the same resonance that dwarf planet Makemake is either near or in.
It will come to perihelion in 2021.
Assuming a generic TNO albedo of 0.09, it is about 211 km in diameter. The assumed diameter of this object makes it a possible dwarf planet.
Resonance.
Simulations by Lykawka in 2007 show that is librating in the 11:6 resonance with Neptune. This is the same resonance that dwarf planet Makemake is either near or in. Both objects have a semi-major axis of 45 AU and an orbital period of about 302 years.
It has been observed 29 times over 6 years and has an orbit quality code of 4.

</doc>
<doc id="21420208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420208" title="Mila Islam">
Mila Islam

Tasbiha Binte Shahid Mila (, better known by her stage name Mila Islam) is a Bangladeshi singer. She sings songs in the fusion and folk genres.
Earlier life.
Mila completed her HSC from "Chittagong Grammar School and College". After her first marriage, Mila started her music career by singing in local weddings and gae-holuds. At that time she used to live in Chittagong with her then husband, Raj Ahmed, but later she moved to Dhaka to work on her first album.
Career.
Mila got her break with "Fele Asha" of her first solo album which was released in 2006. This album was composed by a number of music directors. In 2008,her second solo album, Fuad featuring Mila "Chapter-2" was released. This album was composed by music director Fuad. In 2009, Fuad featuring Mila "Re-defined" was released as Mila's 3rd album which also was composed by Fuad.
Discography.
"Tracks"
"Tracks"
Concert.
Mila performed at Bangladesh China Friendship Conference Centre on November 19 2008 in "Fuad Live", a music event featuring live performances of songs composed, re-arranged and mixed by Fuad.

</doc>
<doc id="21420209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420209" title="Integrally closed domain">
Integrally closed domain

In commutative algebra, an integrally closed domain "A" is an integral domain whose integral closure in its field of fractions is "A" itself. Many well-studied domains are integrally closed: Fields, the ring of integers Z, unique factorization domains and regular local rings are all integrally closed.
To give a non-example, let formula_1 ("k" a field). "A" and "B" have the same field of fractions, and "B" is the integral closure of "A" (since "B" is a UFD.) In other words, "A" is not integrally closed. This is related to the fact that the plane curve formula_2 has a singularity at the origin.
Let "A" be an integrally closed domain with field of fractions "K" and let "L" be a finite extension of "K". Then "x" in "L" is integral over "A" if and only if its minimal polynomial over "K" has coefficients in "A". This implies in particular that an integral element over an integrally closed domain "A" has a minimal polynomial over "A". This is stronger than the statement that any integral element satisfies some monic polynomial. In fact, the statement is false without "integrally closed" (consider formula_3)
Integrally closed domains also play a role in the hypothesis of the Going-down theorem. The theorem states that if "A"⊆"B" is an integral extension of domains and "A" is an integrally closed domain, then the going-down property holds for the extension "A"⊆"B".
Note that integrally closed domain appear in the following chain of class inclusions:
Examples.
The following are integrally closed domains.
Noetherian integrally closed domain.
For a noetherian local domain "A" of dimension one, the following are equivalent.
Let "A" be a noetherian integral domain. Then "A" is integrally closed if and only if (i) "A" is the intersection of all localizations formula_4 over prime ideals formula_5 of height 1 and (ii) the localization formula_4 at a prime ideal formula_5 of height 1 is a discrete valuation ring.
A noetherian ring is a Krull domain if and only if it is an integrally closed domain.
In the non-noetherian setting, one has the following: an integral domain is integrally closed if and only if it is the intersection of all valuation rings containing it.
Normal rings.
Authors including Serre, Grothendieck, and Matsumura define a normal ring to be a ring whose localizations at prime ideals are integrally closed domains. Such a ring is necessarily a reduced ring, and this is sometimes included in the definition. In general, if "A" is a Noetherian ring whose localizations at maximal ideals are all domains, then "A" is a finite product of domains. In particular if "A" is a Noetherian, normal ring, then the domains in the product are integrally closed domains. Conversely, any finite product of integrally closed domains is normal. In particular, if formula_8 is noetherian, normal and connected, then "A" is an integrally closed domain. (cf. smooth variety)
Let "A" be a noetherian ring. Then "A" is normal if and only if it satisfies the following: for any prime ideal formula_5,
Item (i) is often phrased as "regular in codimension 1". Note (i) implies that the set of associated primes formula_18 has no embedded primes, and, when (i) is the case, (ii) means that formula_19 has no embedded prime for any nonzero zero-divisor "f". In particular, a Cohen-Macaulay ring satisfies (ii). Geometrically, we have the following: if "X" is a local complete intersection in a nonsingular variety; e.g., "X" itself is nonsingular, then "X" is Cohen-Macaulay; i.e., the stalks formula_20 of the structure sheaf are Cohen-Macaulay for all prime ideals p. Then we can say: "X" is normal (i.e., the stalks of its structure sheaf are all normal) if and only if it is regular in codimension "1".
Completely integrally closed domains.
Let "A" be a domain and "K" its field of fractions. "x" in "K" is said to be almost integral over "A" if there is a formula_21 such that formula_22 for all formula_23. Then "A" is said to be completely integrally closed if every almost integral element of "K" is contained in "A". A completely integrally closed domain is integrally closed. Conversely, a noetherian integrally closed domain is completely integrally closed.
Assume "A" is completely integrally closed. Then the formal power series ring formula_24 is completely integrally closed. This is significant since the analog is false for an integrally closed domain: let "R" be a valuation domain of height at least 2 (which is integrally closed.) Then formula_25 is not integrally closed. Let "L" be a field extension of "K". Then the integral closure of "A" in "L" is completely integrally closed.
An integral domain is completely integrally closed if and only if the monoid of divisors of "A" is a group.
See also: Krull domain.
"Integrally closed" under constructions.
The following conditions are equivalent for an integral domain "A":
1 → 2 results immediately from the preservation of integral closure under localization; 2 → 3 is trivial; 3 → 1 results from the preservation of integral closure under localization, the exactness of localization, and the property that an "A"-module "M" is zero if and only if its localization with respect to every maximal ideal is zero.
In contrast, the "integrally closed" does not pass over quotient, for Z/(t2+4) is not integrally closed.
The localization of a completely integrally closed need not be completely integrally closed.
A direct limit of integrally closed domains is an integrally closed domain.
Modules over an integrally closed domain.
Let "P" denotes the set of all prime ideals in a Noetherian integrally closed domain "A" of height one. If "T" is a finitely generated torsion module, one puts:
which makes sense as a formal sum; i.e., a divisor. We write formula_27 for the divisor class of "d". If formula_28 are maximal submodules of "M", then formula_29 and formula_30 is denoted (in Bourbaki) by formula_31.

</doc>
<doc id="21420221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420221" title="2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 50 kilometres walk">
2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 50 kilometres walk

The Men's 50 km Walk event at the 2003 World Championships in Paris, France was held on Wednesday August 27, 2003, with the start at 07:50h local time.

</doc>
<doc id="21420223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420223" title="Peter Tillemans">
Peter Tillemans

Peter Tillemans ( 1684 – 5 December 1734) was a Flemish painter, best known for his works on sporting and topographical subjects. Alongside John Wootton and James Seymour, he was one of the founders of the English school of sporting painting.
From 1708 until his death he lived and worked in England.
Life.
Tillemans was born in Antwerp in 1684, the son of a diamond-cutter, and studied painting there under various masters. As he was the brother-in-law of another Flemish painter, Pieter Casteels, it is assumed that he married before leaving Antwerp. Like other artists from the Low Countries such as Dirk Maas, Jan Wyck and Willem van de Velde the Younger, Tillemans moved to England. In Tillemans's case he moved in 1708, induced to do so by a picture-dealer called Turner: he spent the rest of his life working there.
In his "Sportsmen in a Landscape" (1971), Aubrey Noakes offers this description of Tillemans: 
A chronic sufferer of asthma, Tillemans retired to Richmond "on account of his ill state of health". He died at the house of Dr Cox Macro (1683–1767, later chaplain to George II) in Little Haugh Hall, in Suffolk, on 5 December 1734 (the previous day he "had been busy on a horse portrait") and was buried on 7 December at Stowlangtoft. His collection of paintings had been sold in an auction conducted by Dr Macro on 19 and 20 April 1733 and included paintings by James Tillemans, probably a son or other relation, and by Arthur Devis, who, like Joseph Francis Nollekens, was one of Tillemans's pupils. Dr Macro had a bust of Tillemans made by John Michael Rysbrack, placing it "in a niche at the top of a staircase in Little Haugh Hall". A portrait of the artist, engraved by T. Chambers, from a painting by Hissings, is given in Fuseli's 1805 revised edition of Rev. Matthew Pilkington's "A Dictionary of Painters".
Painting.
Early works.
Tillemans was brought to England in 1708 by "Turner, a picture dealer"; his first works were copies of battle scenes made for Turner, particularly of the works of Jacques Courtois, as well as small genre pictures. He enjoyed much success imitating the style and execution of David Teniers.
Tillemans worked in many different styles and rarely dated his work. After at first working as a copyist, he quickly made his name, and among his first important commissions in England were two paintings of the interior of the Palace of Westminster, one of Queen Anne in the House of Lords (1708–14), the other of the House of Commons in session ("c." 1710). By 1711 Tillemans joined Godfrey Kneller's Academy of Painting and Drawing in Great Queen Street, London, stating his speciality as "landskip".
His main residence was in Westminster but he travelled extensively on commission. Dr Cox Macro, his most faithful patron and the one for whom his work is best documented, gave him commissions, including battle and hunting scenes, landscapes, renovation work, and portraits from 1715. In 1716 Tillemans repainted part of a portrait of Dr Macro by Frans van Mieris from around 1703, making alterations to his face. That year he also painted Dr Macro in the background of "The Artist's Studio" ("c." 1716), a self-portrait, with a pupil and Dr Cox Macro, surrounded in the studio by paintings. (He also painted Dr Macro's children in "Master Edward and Miss Mary Macro" in "c." 1733). In 1717, his conversation piece of the royal family making music was shown at the Bartholomew fair. He was commissioned in 1719 by the antiquary John Bridges to "make about 500 drawings for a projected history of Northamptonshire", and some of these were later published in Peter Whalley's "History and Antiquities of the County of Northamptonshire" (1791). His other patrons included the Duke of Devonshire, the 4th Baron Byron (to whom he was also drawing instructor), and the Duke of Kingston.
His "highly accurate" eponymous painting of the Battle of Glen Shiel in the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, painted in the same year as the battle, was originally catalogued as "The Battle of Killiecrankie 1689".
Sporting and topographical works.
The greater part of Tillemans's oeuvre was painted from approximately 1720 onwards, and it is from the works painted over these years that he chiefly derives his fame. the early 1720s, Tillemans moved successfully into the field of painting dogs, horses and racing scenes and was one of the earliest painters of sporting scenes in England; four of these works, "engraved by Claude du Bosc and published in 1723, are among the most spectacular early sporting prints in England". 
The development of painting on sporting themes was centred on the Newmarket Racecourse in the market town of Newmarket in Suffolk. Together with his friend John Wootton (a pupil of Jan Wyck) and James Seymour, Tillemans was one of the three founders of the English sporting school; their paintings "show the first marriage of the topographical tradition of landscape with a sporting element". Because both Wootton and Tillemans omitted to sign many of their works, some of them are difficult to tell apart. Tillemans's "Newmarket: the Long Course" (1723) is in the Government Art Collection. Another Newmarket scene, "The Newmarket Watering Course" and a sporting scene, "Three Hounds with Horsemen, a Hunt to the Left", both in Norwich Castle Museum and Art Gallery, were originally part of John Patteson's collection. Patteson had inherited many of Tillemans's paintings by his marriage into Dr Macro's family, and these now form part of the Patteson Collection at Norwich Castle Museum. Tilleman painted numerous portraits of racehorses for his patrons, among whom were the Dukes of Somerset, Rutland, and Bolton, and the Earl of Portmore.
According to Sir Walter Gilbey in his "Animal Painters of England From the Year 1650: A brief history of their lives and works":
In 1724, Tillemans worked with Joseph Goupy on scenery for the Haymarket opera house.
Tillemans was also a member of the Rose and Crown Club, and in 1725 was recorded by George Vertue as steward to the Society of the Virtuosi of St Luke. Vertue noted that Tillemans was acquainted with "people of Fashion & persons of Quality" and was in demand as a painter of country-house and estate views. 
His country house paintings include Chatsworth House (1720s), Holker Hall, and Chirk Castle in Denbighshire (1725). In such work the houses often stand in landscapes brought to life by animals and hunting scenes.
Tillemans painted several topographical works of views in Richmond and Twickenham, to the west of London, including "A View of Richmond from Twickenham Park" (later engraved by P. Benazech), "A View from Richmond Hill" and "The Thames at Twickenham" (known also as "A Prospect of Twickenham"). This last painting, the "earliest complete topographical view of the river frontage in the 18th century", was commissioned either by the poet Alexander Pope (his villa by the Thames is shown in the painting) or John Robartes, later 4th Earl of Radnor. His panorama of "The Thames from Richmond Hill" ("c." 1723) was one of three paintings done for the Earl of Radnor.

</doc>
<doc id="21420270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420270" title="Sardar Muhammad Aslam">
Sardar Muhammad Aslam

Sardar Muhammad Aslam () is a former Justice of Lahore High Court, jurist and professional lawyer from Pakistan. He also was justice in Supreme Court of Pakistan, a former Chief Justice of Islamabad High Court. However, as result of Constitution Petition No. 09 Of 2009 and Constitution Petition No. 08 Of 2009 in the Supreme Court of Pakistan, on 31 July 2009, the court held his elevation to Supreme Court as unconstitutional,
void ab initio and of no legal effect. In addition in the same decision, the institute of Islamabad High Court as held as un-constitutional and of no legal effect.
Education.
Aslam has a Masters in Arts (M.A) and Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.).
Career.
Aslam was appointed as Additional Judge of Lahore High Court on 3 September 2003 and confirmed as a judge in 2004. He remained on bench of Lahore High Court till 6 February 2008. He was then made the fist Chief Justice of a newly created Islamabad High Court. He took oath of that office on 7 February 2008 from President of Islamic Republic of Pakistan General Pervez Musharaf. On 7 March 2008, he was appointed to Supreme Court of President of Islamic Republic of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari. Islamabad High Court proved to be modern and efficient institution for the Islamabad Capital Territory, commonly cherished for its transparency.
On 31 July 2009, the Supreme Court of Pakistan while hearing Constitution Petition No. 09 and 08 Of 2009 held that any appointment made in higher judiciary (Supreme Court or High Courts) between 3 November 2007 up to 22 March 2009 as unconstitutional, void ab initio and of no legal effect. The court held that all such elevation will revert to position of 2 November 2007, subject to their age of superannuation. As the result of the decision, Aslam was deemed to have retired as a judge of Lahore High Court.
In the 31 July 2009 judgement, the court also declared the creation of Islamabad High Court as unconstitutional, and of no legal effect.
Controversies.
PCO Oath.
On 3 November 2007 Chief of Army Staff in Pakistan declared emergency and issued a Provisional Constitutional Order. A seven panel supreme court issued an order that declared the declaration of emergency as illegal and prohibited all judges to take oath on any PCO. Justice Aslam was a sitting judge in Lahore High Court choose to take the oath on PCO on 4 November 2007. Along with him Abdul Shakoor Paracha, Sardar Muhammad Aslam, Sheikh Hakim Ali and Syed Sajjad Hussain Shah also took oath on PCO at the same time. As on 31 March 2009, the PCO has not been given protection by any constitutional amendment. In the past all PCO were at a later point given constitutional protection.
On 31 July 2009 the supreme court of Pakistan held that any oath taken in contravention to the decision of the seven-panel supreme court has not legal effect. Aslam was reverted to this position of 2 November 2007 and since he had reached the age of retirement, was considered to have retired from Lahore High Court.
Reassessment of Farah Dogar papers.
Farah Dogar, daughter of then Chief Justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan, Abdul Hameed Dogar had appeared in an examination. She was not able to secure enough to be eligible to apply to any medical college. The board of examination re-evaluated her papers contrary to its own rules and regulation and she was awarded sufficient additional marks to be eligible for medical college. On 5 December 2008 this act was challenged in Islamabad High Court. On 16 January 2009, Aslam ruled re-assessment of papers as legal. He further in a 14 page order also asked the secretary of the ministry of education, the controlling authority of the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, to consider the possibility of bringing an amendment to the board rules to provide a procedure for re-evaluation of paper.

</doc>
<doc id="21420297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420297" title="Sam Campagna">
Sam Campagna

Sam Patrick Philip Campagna (born 19 November 1980) is an English former professional football defender.
Career.
Born in Worcester, Campagna began his career as a trainee with Swindon Town, turning professional in August 1998. He made his debut on 14 November 1998, as a late substitute for Mark Walters, in Swindon's 3–0 defeat to Bradford City, having been an unused substitute the previous week. His only other game that season came on the final day when he came on for Brian Borrows late in Swindon's 3–1 defeat at home to Barnsley. He made three further appearances the following season before joining Bath City on loan in March 2000, playing in the final ten games of the season. 
He was released by Swindon in May 2001 and joined Bromsgrove Rovers, moving on to Evesham United and then to Malvern Town in March 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21420307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420307" title="Live and Loud (Sevendust album)">
Live and Loud (Sevendust album)

TVT presents this program featuring six songs from a live concert performance by alternative metal rockers Sevendust. Shot at Metro in Chicago on September 16, 1998. "Live and Loud" was directed by Mark Haefali. The DVD was copying 5,000 at the first week of release.

</doc>
<doc id="21420323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420323" title="Spodnja Idrija">
Spodnja Idrija

Spodnja Idrija is a settlement on the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Koper Diocese. It is locally known as the Church of Mary on the Rock (). A chapel is mentioned on the site in written sources from 1132. The church was built in the 15th century and rebuilt around 1674 in the Baroque style.

</doc>
<doc id="21420330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420330" title="Georg Hurdelbrink">
Georg Hurdelbrink

Georg Hurdelbrink (6 October 1919 — 26 August 2002) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Georg Hurdelbrink was born on the 16 October 1919 in Altenmelle near Niedersachsen. During World War II he volunteered to join the Waffen SS and was commissioned in April 1942. was the commander of the 1st Battery, 12th SS Panzerjäger Battalion, 12th SS Panzer Division "Hitlerjugend". he was awarded the Knight's Cross for his bravery and leadership of the 1st Battery during the allied defeat in Operation Totalise and around Hill 111 against the 10th Polish Armoured Brigade, the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade and the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division.
Hurdlebrink survived the war and died on the 26 August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21420348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420348" title="Ibiza International Film Festival">
Ibiza International Film Festival

Ibiza International Film Festival (Ibiza IFF) is an independent cinema event which takes place every spring on the Island of Ibiza, the Balearics, Spain. The first edition of Ibiza IFF was held in 2007 with Xavier Benlloch as Festival Director, assisted by Gail Fear and with Daniel Benlloch and Jorge Benlloch as Cofounders and acting as Sponsors were John Hurt, Terry Gilliam, Sir Alan Parker, Bigas Luna and Ángela Molina. At the 2nd edition of the Festival, Nacho Cano and Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi joined as Sponsors and José Manuel Lorenzo assumed the role of President of the Consulting Committee.
With the slogan "The independent spirit", suggested by the Producer Jonathan Debin, this Festival promotes independent productions worldwide.
Its award and symbol is the Falcó d'Or, representing an Eleonora's Falcon, a species which nests freely on the cliffs of Ibiza and Formentera and which recalls "The Maltese Falcon", by John Huston.
2011 edition.
V edition takes place from 4 to 8 May 2011 with Val Kilmer as the president of the Jury.
List of winners
Competitive section
2010 edition.
At its IV edition, the Festival Jury comprised Jacqueline Bisset as president, Carlos Bardem and Antonio Isasi.
List of winners.
Competitive section
Honorary awards
Balearic Spirit section
2009 edition.
At its IIIrd edition, the Festival Jury comprised Cuba Gooding Jr. as president, Scottish filmmaker Bill Forsyth and Spanish critic José Eduardo Arenas.
List of winners.
Competitive section
Honorary awards
Special awards
Balearic Spirit section
The jury of this section comprised Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and Carles Fabregat
Videoclips section
The jury of this section comprised Michael Hoenig and Anjula Acharia-Bath
2008 edition.
At its IInd edition, the Festival Jury comprised Michael Radford, Armand Assante, Margarita Chapatte, Michael Nyman, Richard Kwietnioski, Ray Loriga and Uri Fruchtmann.
List of winners.
Competitive section
Honorary awards
2007 edition.
At the Ibiza IFF Ist edition the Jury comprised Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi as President, Jonathan Debin, Michael Hoenig, Ronnie Taylor, Igor Fioravanti, Demián Bichir, Steve Norman, Anwen Rees Hurt, Timothy Burrill, Elfie A. Donnelly and Paul Arató.
List of winners.
Competitive section
Honorary awards

</doc>
<doc id="21420350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420350" title="Sir Robert Wigram, 1st Baronet">
Sir Robert Wigram, 1st Baronet

Sir Robert Wigram, 1st Baronet (30 January 1744 – 6 November 1830) was a British merchant shipbuilder and Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom between 1802 and 1807.
Background.
Wigram was born at Wexford, the only son of John Wigram, merchant, of Bristol, and his wife Mary Clifford daughter of Robert Clifford of Wexford and granddaughter of Highgate Boyd.
Public life.
In 1762 Wigram took up an apprenticeship with Dr Allen of Dulwich London, and two years later he was a fully qualified surgeon. He and sailed to India on the East Indiaman 'Admiral Watson' as ship's surgeon, but retired from this position in 1772 because of failing health and became a successful merchant. He developed the family's mercantile activities and made several voyages to India in the service of the Company. He was the sole, or at least principal owner, of several vessels trading to Bengal, Madras, and Bombay and was one of the greatest importers of drugs in England.
Wigram was returned to Parliament in 1802 as Member of Parliament for Fowey and was a strong supporter of William Pitt. He was Chairman of the meeting of the merchants and bankers during the French Revolution and was instrumental in raising the Regiment of the Sixth Royal London Volunteers, becoming their Lieutenant-Colonel in September 1803. Also in July 1803, he led a group of shipowners in securing an Act "for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other works at Blackwall for the Accommodation of the East India shipping in the said Port", and established the East India Dock Company. He was created a baronet on 20 October 1805. At the general election in 1806, he was chosen for the Wexford Borough but after the dissolution in 1807 he retired from public life. Sir Robert was a Vice-President of the Pitt Club. He had partnerships in the Blackwall Yard, Reid’s Brewery and Huddart’s Rope Works. In 1805 he bought a large share of Deptford shipbuilders formerly 'Perry, Wells & Green' and the firm became 'Wigram, Wells & Green'. By 1813 Wigram had taken over all the Wells interest and it became 'Wigram & Green'. He owned half the business, his sons Money and Loftus Wigram a quarter, and Green the remaining quarter. Wigram retired in 1819 and sold his half to the other partners. He was appointed High Sheriff of Essex for 1812–13.
Wigram died at Walthamstow House, his home at Walthamstow, Essex, at the age of 86.
Family.
Wigram was twice married and had a large family of twenty-three children. His first wife was Catherine Broadhurst, by whom be had six children. Following Catherine’s death, in 1787 he married Eleanor, widow of Captain Agnew and daughter of John Watts, secretary to the victualling office of Southampton. They had thirteen sons and four daughters. His children included Sir Robert Fitzwygram, 2nd Baronet, James Wigram, Octavius Wigram, Joseph Cotton Wigram, Loftus Wigram and George Wigram. His ninth and youngest son Reverend William Pitt Wigram was the grandfather of Clive Wigram, 1st Baron Wigram. Another descendant was Ralph Wigram, grandson of Joseph Cotton Wigram.

</doc>
<doc id="21420356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420356" title="Spodnja Kanomlja">
Spodnja Kanomlja

Spodnja Kanomlja is a settlement immediately west of Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies in the valley of Kanomljica Creek, a small tributary of the Idrijca River.

</doc>
<doc id="21420363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420363" title="Stationers' Company's School">
Stationers' Company's School

The Stationers' Company's School was a former boys' grammar school, then comprehensive in Hornsey.
History.
It started as the Stationers' Company's Foundation School. In 1861 it was established at Bolt Court near Fleet Street. In 1891 it moved to "Mayfield Road" in Hornsey, north-east from Crouch End.
Grammar school.
The speech night was sometimes held at the Stationer's Hall. The analogous girls' was Hornsey High School, which became Hornsey Secondary School for Girls. It was a voluntary aided school, becoming voluntary controlled in 1966. In 1933 the school was extended and a new assembly hall, gymnasium, dining hall and workshops were accommodated in a new brick extension on Mayfield Road.
Comprehensive.
It became a comprehensive boys' school in 1967, closing in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21420385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420385" title="Isiokolo">
Isiokolo

Isiokolo is a town in the Ethiope East local government area of Delta State in Nigeria. It is also the headquarters of the Ethiope East local government area of Delta State.

</doc>
<doc id="21420396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420396" title="Hanvoice">
Hanvoice

HanVoice is a Canadian-based human rights organization established in 2007 to assist North Korean refugees. The organization's name is derived from the word "han(한)", which in the Korean language means both "one" and "a sense of deploring, grief, lamentation or heart-burning". HanVoice's mission statement notes that the organization promotes "mobilizing Canadians on behalf of the North Korean people".
History.
Famine.
The current refugee crisis stems in large part from the periods of famine that the country experienced in the mid 1990s. Approximately 1 to 3 million people perished in the mid 1990s in North Korea due to famine. The North Korean people rely on a central food distribution system for much of their needs. Due to floods and government mismanagement during this period, the famine became one of the worst humanitarian crises the world has ever witnessed. It is under these circumstances that many North Koreans decided to flee or seek food and water from neighbouring China, and it is at this juncture that the North Korean refugee crisis began.
Refugee Crisis.
China unfortunately does not consider North Koreans found in their territory to be refugees. Out of political expediency toward the government of North Korea, its Chinese counterpart labels North Korean refugees as "illegal economic migrants", despite meeting all criteria as refugees under international law. As a result, North Korean refugees found in China are repatriated back to North Korea where they face torture, imprisonment in gulag-type camps, forced labour, and sometimes public executions. To avoid repatriation, most North Koreans in China remain in hiding and are at the mercy of smugglers, bounty hunters, and human traffickers. 
Despite these risks and difficulties, there are anywhere between 30,000 and 400,000 North Korean refugees within China. A small number of these refugees are fortunate enough to make the journey to refugee-friendly nations with the assistance of a few non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and private citizens who have set up a small "underground railroad". Through these secret networks, refugees have reached sanctuary in places such as South Korea, Europe, the United States, and even Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21420420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420420" title="Philibert Berthelier (Son of Geneva patriot)">
Philibert Berthelier (Son of Geneva patriot)

Philibert Berthelier was a Geneva citizen who opposed the ecclesiastical rule of John Calvin.
Children of Geneva.
Philibert Berthelier was a son of a Geneva patriot who had led Geneva in keeping its independence from Charles III, Duke of Savoy. As a member of a well-known family and part of the clan of Ami Perrin, a syndic or civil magistrate of Geneva, he and his brother François-Daniel became part of a group that opposed the ecclesiastical rule of John Calvin. The group called themselves, "les enfants de Genève" (children of Geneva), signifying the patriotic origins of the group.
In February 1552 this group (called the libertines by John Calvin) came to power through the election of Ami Perrin as first syndic. Berthelier became an auditor or an assistant judge. He and two other members of the group tried to cause trouble by insulting a minister Raymond Chauvet as he walked to St. Pierre Cathedral. The three were arrested and excommunicated. The city council under Perrin’s control absolved them, but the ecclesiastical court, the Genevan Consistory, opposed the council’s decision that they were free to communicate. The three were told by the Consistory to show signs of repentance.
Calvin was determined to assert the authority of the Consistory in ecclesiastical matters. Fearing a potential disturbance, someone warned Berthelier not to appear at church to take communion on 3 September 1553. On that day, Calvin preached a sermon in which he stated that he would not yield to the council’s decision. Surprisingly, the council then reversed itself and a majority voted that excommunication was in the jurisdiction of the Consistory.
On 3 November, Berthelier applied to another Genevan assembly, the "Deux Cents", for permission to take communion. The assembly decided that the authorised body to take that decision lay in the council. However, Berthelier was still refused communion by the ministers throughout the spring and summer of 1554. When he applied again for permission in November, the council decided that the Consistory had the final say in the matter.
Following the election of February 1555, the followers of Perrin were ousted. Perrin tried to stir trouble by attempting to set fire to another man’s house. Suspected of subversion, Perrin and Berthelier were forced to flee Geneva. They were tried and condemned to death "in absentia".

</doc>
<doc id="21420425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21420425" title="Srednja Kanomlja">
Srednja Kanomlja

Srednja Kanomlja (literally. 'middle Kanomlja'; cf. "Spodnja Kanomlja" 'lower Kanomlja') is a dispersed settlement in the Kanomljica Valley (along Kanomljica Creek, a small tributary of the Idrijca River named after Kanomlja) west of Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija, Slovenia. The village includes the hamlet of Kanomeljsko Razpotje (literally, 'Kanomlja crossroads').

</doc>
