<doc id="21467879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467879" title="Blackburn Turcock">
Blackburn Turcock

The Blackburn F.1 Turcock was a British single-seat single-engine biplane fighter built in 1927. Designed to be produced in several variants, only one was completed.
Development.
In 1926 Blackburn partially deviated from their practice of building Naval aircraft to design an interceptor fighter, intended to meet Air Ministry specifications F.9/26 (day and night fighter) and N.21/26 (fleet fighter). The first fighter from Blackburn under their new numbering system, it became the F.1; the name Blackcock was applied to the design, but it was intended that each variant, powered by a different engine, should have its own name. Blackburn intended to produce variants with the 446 hp (332 kW) Armstrong Siddeley Jaguar VI radial engine, the 585 hp (436 kW) Bristol Mercury radial and the 510 hp (380 kW) Rolls-Royce Kestrel water-cooled inline engine, though in the event, only the Jaguar powered aircraft was completed.
The F.1 emerged as a clean biplane with swept and staggered single-bay wings of unequal span, the upper wing having both greater span and chord. Apart from the front fuselage, the aircraft was fabric covered over a steel frame for the fuselage and a mixture of steel spars and duralumin ribs in the wings. The fuselage narrowed to the rear, carrying a braced tailplane and a low, wide-chord fin and rudder with a flat top. Underneath, a faired skid provided more fin area; the rudder also projected beneath the fuselage. The main undercarriage was a standard fixed-axle design. The pilot's open cockpit was at the trailing edge of the wing, where a small cut-out enhanced his forwards and upward view.
In the only F.1 built, the Jupiter engine was uncowled. The intended armament of two 0.030 in (7.7 mm) machine guns on either side of the fuselage and firing through the two-blade propeller was never fitted.
Operational history.
Blackburn won no Air Ministry orders for the F.1 and indeed no manufacturer received an order under either of the above Ministry contracts, but there was one Jupiter-engined F.1 built for the Turkish government. This aircraft was therefore named the Turcock. It was flown to Turkey under the British registration "G-EBVP" in January 1928 but was lost in an accident on 13 February. 

</doc>
<doc id="21467883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467883" title="Jasur Hasanov">
Jasur Hasanov

Jasur Orziqulovich Hasanov (born 2 August 1983 in Jizzakh, Uzbekistan) is a footballer from Uzbekistan currently playing for Lokomotiv Tashkent. He usually plays as left midfielder.
Hasanov is a regular starter for the Uzbekistan national football team.
Club career.
Hasanov started his footballing career in Sogdiana Jizzakh, a football club based in his hometown of Jizzakh, at the age of 16.
Bunyodkor.
Hasanov was signed by eventual Uzbek League champions Bunyodkor in 2007. He soon became a core member of the team, leading Bunyodkor to their first ever Uzbek League championship in 2008, and again in 2009 and 2010.
In 2009, he was awarded third place in the Uzbekistan Footballer of the Year award, losing out to teammate Rivaldo, and Odil Ahmedov.
Lekhwiya.
In 2010, Hasanov was loaned to Qatari club Lekhwiya. Hasanov helped them win their first ever championship in Qatar Stars League within the first year of the club's promotion to the 1st league.
On 7 July 2011, it was announced that Hasanov moved back to Bunyodkor after his loan with Lekhwiya expired.
Qatar SC.
On 24 August 2011, it was once again confirmed to the media that Hasanov was loaned to another Qatari club, Qatar SC, on a 1-year contract. He is set to replace Iraqi national Qusay Munir. Qatar SC chairman Nasser Al Thani expressed happiness with the deal. "We're very happy to sign Hasanov, who put up a series of fine, consistent performances during last season with Lekhwiya. He's a top performer with the Uzbek national team as well. We're sure he'll be a great success at Qatar SC," said the official. He left the club after failing to claim a consistent starting eleven spot in the team.

</doc>
<doc id="21467976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467976" title="ITV News West Country">
ITV News West Country

ITV News West Country is a regional news service covering Bristol, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Gloucestershire, Somerset and Wiltshire, produced by ITV West Country.
Overview.
The nightly regional news programme was launched on 16 February 2009 as "The West Country Tonight", following the merger of two regional news services - "The West Tonight" (ITV West) and "Westcountry Live" (ITV Westcountry).
"ITV News West Country" is broadcast from the ITV West Country studios in Bristol with reporters and camera crews also based in newsrooms at Plymouth, Exeter, Truro, Taunton, and Gloucester.
When the programme first launched, it was presented by ITV West presenters Lisa Aziz and Steve Scott (formerly of "The West Tonight"). However, Aziz was suspended in June 2009 from her position and officially left ITV West in February 2010 with former "Westcountry Live" freelancer Vanessa Cuddeford taking over. Scott left his position to become Sports Editor for ITV News in May 2010, and was replaced by former "Meridian Tonight" presenter Ian Axton.
Bristol-based district correspondent Cordelia Lynch became a stand-in main presenter for Cuddeford from May 2012 when she went on maternity leave. Both Cuddeford and Lynch announced their departures from ITV West Country a year later. Kylie Pentelow of "BBC East Midlands Today" replaced Cuddeford from July 2013.
In January 2014, Sarah Norman replaced Terry Brennan as Head of News. Sarah previously worked for BBC South West and Westcountry Live.
Broadcast times.
"ITV News West Country" airs on ITV West and ITV Westcountry seven days a week. On weekdays, a four-minute lunchtime bulletin airs at 1.55pm, followed by the main half-hour programme at 6pm and an eight-minute late bulletin at 10.30pm following "ITV News at Ten". At weekends, two 5-minute editions of "ITV News West Country" are broadcast - one later on Saturday afternoons and another on Sunday evenings.
On weekday mornings, "Good Morning West Country" airs short bulletins within "Good Morning Britain" at approximately 6.25am, 6.55am, 7.25am and 7.55am. 
Sub-regional service.
As part of "The West Country Tonight"'s launch in February 2009, two opt-out services for the ITV West and ITV Westcountry regions were retained, incorporating the first half of the main evening programme on weeknights at 6pm, the full late bulletins after "News at Ten" on weeknights and sports news on Mondays and Fridays. These are known as East and West respectively.
On Monday 5 September 2011, separate weekday daytime bulletins for the two regions (at breakfast and lunchtime) were reintroduced. On 23 July 2013, proposals for a more localised Channel 3 news service were approved - "ITV News West Country" extended the East and West opt-out services to at least 20 minutes of the 6pm programme, in addition to separate weekend bulletins for the two sub-regions, effectively restoring full services for the two areas. The changes came into effect from Monday 16 September 2013. Both sub-regional services utilise the same presenter(s) and studio/set in Bristol, therefore one of the two opt-outs - depending on the day's news - is pre-recorded 'as live' shortly before transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="21468000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468000" title="Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 1)">
Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 1)

Austria's Next Topmodel, Cycle 1 was the first Cycle of the Austrian reality documentary based on Tyra Banks "America's Next Top Model".<br>
The host of the show was Lena Gercke, the first winner of "GNTM" who is also the first winner of a Top Model franchise that later becomes a host of another Top Model show. The jury consisted of the head of Vienna-based agency "Wiener Models" Andrea Weidler and Dutch-born runway coach Alamande Belfor.<br>
The show caused some controversy, as it was discovered that Tamara Puljarevic, one of the contestants, applied under her father's surname to hide her identity of being the daughter of Svetlana Puljarevic, who is the executive chief of "Miss" magazine, on whose cover the winner would eventually be featured. She eventually made it to the 2nd runner-up-position but was ultimately surpassed by 16-year-old Larissa Marolt, who was named the first "Austria's Next Topmodel" and went on to compete on the fourth Cycle of "Germany's Next Topmodel" hosted by Heidi Klum.
Cycle 1 Episode Summaries.
I am from Austria.
100000000 selected girls arrived at Vienna's Hofburg Imperial Palace to find out if they had what it takes to be Austria's Next Topmodel. After an introduction of Lena Gercke and the judges, the girls had their first challenge: To prepare an outfit consisting of an Austrian flag only. At the audition round, Piroschka burst into tears after the judges criticized her for giving an interview to the press about her participation while Larissa made a lasting impression with impersonation of her father's speaking habits. At the end of the day, thirty girls were left and taken to their future model loft. They soon found it only had ten beds, meaning that twenty more girls would soon be eliminated.
The second day started with the very first runway training with judge Judy and make-up artist Neko Paccione, with the latter being a judge from Germany's Next Topmodel. Entrup gave the girls advice on how to improve their looks on their first job: a fashion show for Thang de Hoo at -10 degrees at the Cobenzl.
Some of the girls struggled, including Christiane, who lost her shoes on her way up to the runway. However, the consensus was that they all did a very good job considering they were total newbies to the fashion industry.
At the end of the day, the top twelve were revealed one after another. Before Gercke revealed the final girl, she called twin sisters Patricia and Bianca, and Nasthryka up. In the end, Nasthryka was the last model to make it.
Küss die Hand, schöne Frau.
The girls were taken to a beauty salon for make-overs, including some intense changes. While Larissa, Tamara and Birgit were emotional about the makeovers, Julia was rather impressed by the new look she received.
After their first casting for an Haute Couture award show, the ten finalists arrived on the set for their photoshoot, photographed by well-known Austrian photographer, Sepp Gallauer. While Larissa, Julia, Kordula and Kim impressed Gallauer on first sight and were asked to get photographed at first, the rest of the group expressed their views about Larissa. Tamara accused Larissa of wearing the same clothes as her to directly compete with her, which resulted in a heated debate between the two girls on the set. The situation stole everyone's attention and was deemed was unprofessional by Andrea Weidler.
At the next runway session, Kim struggled the most and was the only competitor not chosen to walk at the awards show.
In the reward challenge the girls received the chance to collect as many clothes as possible in a fashion store within five minutes to create a suitable outfit to their new looks. Larissa and Victoria were declared the winners and as Lena revealed that the reward would be a coach ride through Vienna. The other models then said how they really didn't need the prize, but Lena then announced the two winners have actually won a one-day trip to New York and will be immune from the first elimination, quickly changing the minds of many girls. While Larissa and Victoria were on their way to New York, Tamara, Constanzia and Birgit once again talked about Larissa.
At the judging panel, Kordula was the only girl that impressed the judges in the last week while the rest of the finalists was heavily criticized. Birgit found herself in the bottom two for her arrogant attitude next to Piroschka who was told to be almost invisible during the last week. In the end, a teary Piroschka was sent home for not showing any signs of improvement.
Es lebe der Sport.
Before the girls went to their first trip they had had to do two out of three photoshoots for the week. First got photographed for the promotions published by Puls 4 where Larissa and Tamara once more got in trouble. Then it was time for haute couture as the remaining nine learned they would be the models for the 2009 edition of the Style Bible that is published next to the annual Life Ball, Austria's biggest charity event. They wore dresses combined with shrimps, water lilies and jellyfishes as the theme of this year's ball would be "Water".<br>
Arrived in Bregenz, Boris Entrup and two stuntmen told them about this weeks challenge: To become the female James Bond and reshoot at sequence from the latest Bond movie "Quantum of Solace", which was shot there as well. While Kim once more was pointed out as the weakest among the girls, Constanzia was delighted to learn that she has won the challenge and had to choose three girls who would attend a Kid Rock concert with her including a Meet & Greet afterward. She chose Tamara, Kordula and Birgit. However, Birgit gave her ticket to Kim after feeling her disappointment about doing the worst in the challenge and Kordula decided to give Julia the reward.<br>
The girls then travelled to Ischgl were they met their partner for the newest photoshoot: Nine Huskies with whom they have to pose upon skis in snow. At the casting for sports company "Hervis" the marketing director made a surprising decision in eliminating both Larissa and her nemesis Tamara in the pre-round already. The eventual winner was Julia who would become the new face of their spring campaign.<br>
Back in Vienna SK Rapid Wien footballer Stefan Maierhofer welcomed the contestants and gave them some sport instructions to get their bodies in better shape as most of the girls did not train enough before which resulted in some fancying behaviour by the remaining nine and especially Tamara admitted that she would "not kick him out of my bed".<br>
At the judging panel the flirt between Maierhofer and Tamara continued while some girls got heavily criticised and all the girls thinking that Christiane and Kim would be in danger of elimination as they did the worst in the last week according to their opinion.<br>
The elimination ceremony was cut from the episode which ended with a cliffhanger.
Out of the dark.
Last weeks elimination was shown in the beginning of the episode. Birgit once again finds herself in the bottom two for lacking of passion and not showing any significant improvements. Next to her Kim was in danger of elimination for her weak walk. Birgit was eliminated.<br>
After that Lena told the girls that their next photoshoot would be done naked while they would only wear color as the theme was Bodypainting. All the girls had to portray one animal as follows:
While Tamara and Constanzia struggled at the shoot Victoria and Kim were praised for delivering great photos in a very short time.<br>
For reaching the place for the next challenge the girls had to go down in a channel which was immensely stressful for Christiane as she suffered from claustrophobia. After they finally arrive in a pelvic they met Boris and one of Austria's few male international top models Domenique Melchior. Divided in two groups of four the girls had to do poses as in the legendary "Third Man" film which was set in Vienna too. The group of Tamara, Constanzia, Kordula and Victoria were declared the lucky winners who would make a trip to Dubai where they were enjoying a day in a spa, with 36 degrees and made photoshoot in swimsuit.<br>
At the judging panel the girls got surprised as the family and friends came and visit them while a lot of them were fascinated by their new given looks.<br>
The task this week was to do a walk with one garment of their loved ones and doing one action combined with a certain emotion randomly chosen by Lena. As she was given the order of singing sexy Kordula burst out in tears because she felt uncomfortable with singing while Christiane struggled as she had to flirt with guest judge Domenique Melchior. Both girls were send home in a double elimination at the end of the episode while Constanzia, who was put in the bottom three for taking 45 minutes to deliver a good photo at the latest shoot, was saved.
Schickeria.
The girls were travelled to international VIP-destination Kitzbühel where they had to fill two shop windows of an exclusive fashion story with themselves as the store dummies. Not only did they had to choose a suitable outfit it was also up to who would stand still the longest. As Constanzia did the best in both of it she was declared the winner of the challenge for the third time in a row. She then had to choose out of different robes one for each of the girls for a high-society event the top 6 would attend in the evening. Some of the girls were rather unimpressed by the choices Constanzia made for them.<br>
The contestants had to walk the red-carpet for the first time in their lives and at an interview several of them struggled with giving smart but entertaining answers to the press. What they did not know was that this was their next challenge in which Julia did the best and won the reward to spend the night and next day in a luxurious Hotel. She shared the reward with Kim while the other four girls had to sleep in hay in the hotel's stable. While three of them enjoyed this experience Victoria suffered from a supposedly allergy and was criticised by the other girls for her princess-like behaviour and fake personality behind her back.<br>
On the location for their newest photoshoot at Swarovski Chrystall Worlds the remaining six learned that the photos would be made by themselves and the two best shoots from each of them would end up in a charity calendar for which the girls have to decide the subject. They chose to donate the incoming money for abused women in Africa.<br>
Back in Vienna the girls got mails from their families and friends and Tamara admitted to be the daughter of "Miss"' executive director and auditioned under another name to not get disqualified for that. After all, "Miss" is the magazine the winner would land a cover on.<br>
After another runway lesson the girls were introduced to the editor of fashion magazine "Haute" Eva Dichand who was asking them about names from the industry and it became obvious that the girls did not really had a clue about most of them.<br>
At the panel of judges Tamara was put in the bottom two for struggling lately and not belonging to the best competitors anymore. Also in the bottom two was Julia who had problems during the photoshoot and at the live runway walk in front of the judges. However, the final verdict of the week remained unknown and the episode once again ended with a cliffhanger.
Engel fliegen einsam.
The episode began with the elimination of Julia because she was not able to take control over her facial expressions during the photoshoots and walk.<br>
The remaining girls then went on to fashion metropolis Milan where they met a casting director of fashion agency "Beatrice Models" who was choosing different castings they had to attend for each of them but Tamara who did not have the required measurements for the industry in the city.<br>
For not arriving too late for the other castings, both Constanzia and Victoria decided to not attend their first appointment while Kim only made it to one agency as she completely lost orientation in the foreign city. Only Larissa was able to pick up all the appointments the agency made for her and therefore won the reward challenge and the right to attend acting lessons at the prestigious Lee Strasberg Institute in New York. However, at one casting where Victoria arrived earlier than her, Larissa snubbed her and still went into the casting room before her competitor which resulted in an outcry from the others girls accusing her for cheating and being self-absorbed.<br>
After some arguments between the girls both Lena and judge Andrea Weidler spoke privately to some of the girls on the set of their newest photoshoot which would be used for the winner's "Miss" cover. Lena learned that Victoria is isolated from the group and Andrea told Tamara and Kim that they would be the weakest links as of now.<br>
All of them got the chance to keep themselves in the competitor as they were responsible for their next photoshoot whose theme was "Made in Austria". Each of the five girls was put together with a team of stylists, decorator and photographer and while most of the girls got impressive results Constanzia did not impress as her outcome was according to Lena "Rather some Discoqueen from the 70s or something like that".<br>
When Kim noticed that her supposedly best friend Larissa was saying she would be slow in minds to the camera she confronted her with the help of Tamara but as the argument was declared as fixed both promised that they would be honest to each other from now on in the contest.<br>
At the panel of judges all of the five girls got asked who they think should be Austria's Next Topmodel and who should be eliminated next. Each of them named themselves as who should be the winner and four of them refused to answer the other question. Only Victoria, still angry of the casting incident, named Larissa as the weakest competitor for being too egoistic. For that Victoria got in fight with Larissa who was even defended by her former arch-rival Tamara.<br>
However at the runway walk Victoria scored high with the judges who noticed that her aggressive mood worked well for her charisma. Both her and Tamara were immediately given their photographes which indicated they passed onto the next round other than Kim, who was sent home for still not being able to do a proper walk and being completely lost in Milan when she was on her own. As Larissa received the last photograph from Lena Constanzia was let to believe that she would also be eliminated but in a GNTM-like announcement she received her photo by Andrea Weidler and was sent into the next round where she would face not more than only three other competitors.
Dies Bildnis ist bezaubernd schön.
On their final trip the remaining four girls were taken with a helicopter to Graz where they met Lena at the airport who told them that she would soon take the "Austria's Next Topmodel" from where they are standing to Los Angeles to meet Heidi Klum.<br>
When they received their last Lena-Mail in a luxurious hotel suite they learned that only three of them would be able to spent the next night there, as one of them would be eliminated before.<br>
At the panel of judges the girls were judged based upon their "Made in Austria"-photos from the last week as well as on their entire performance throughout the competition. Victoria got emotional for the very first time during the competition as her personality was criticised by the judges but the decision remained between school-friends Constanzia and Tamara who were both described as ""It-girls rather than models"" by Lena. In the end Constanzia was denied a place among the top 3 for her unimpressive performance as Lena stated that is was not enough that she could save her anymore.<br>
Directly after the latest departure the remaining three were taken to the photoshoot for the "Swarovsky Chrystallized" campaign the winner would be the face of. At the final runway training judge Alamande let the girls walk upon soap which resulted in several fall overs. In the evening Tamara, Larissa and Victoria took the opportunity to speak to each other and made up with the arguments they had the last couple of weeks and gave each other advices in how they could do better in the business.<br>
When the final day arrived the final 3 had breakfast with Lena and Andrea who told them that it was time for the very last photoshoot of the show. In beliefs of getting photographed with wild animals the girls were full of joy as a cage was released in which their mothers were waiting for them. In traditional Dirndl-dresses the mother-daughter couples were photographed together and ironically, of the three of them it were Tamara and her mother, the executive chief of "Miss"-magazine, struggled the most with it and they were ultimately eliminated at the panel of judges and Victoria and Larissa learned that they were the final 2 of Austria's Next Topmodel.<br>
The final ceremony consisted of three different walks which was also a reunion with the entire top 10. After a round of wearing casual clothes and swimsuits the girls presented the line of Judge Guest Atila Kutoglu who was so impressed by the unique look of Victoria and the positive charisma of Larissa that he invited the eventual winner to take part on his next show in New York.<br>
Then it was time to make the final verdict of the show and when the judges came to a decision Lena took the surprised final two away from the crowd directly to the airport for the ultimate announcement.<br>
In the end Lena released a "Miss" cover that featured a happy Larissa meaning she was the just declared "Austria's Next Topmodel" and carried directly to Los Angeles to take part on the fourth Cycle of "Germany's Next Topmodel" where her journey would continue on another show.
Best Of.
This was the recap Episode.

</doc>
<doc id="21468012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468012" title="1989 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Race 2">
1989 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Race 2

Results from the 1989 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on December 17, 1989, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.

</doc>
<doc id="21468023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468023" title="Handy Bus">
Handy Bus

A handy bus is a smaller bus designed to carry 23 people to events, to schools or for a day care. Some handy buses have a wheelchair-accessible lift for special needs students. Some handy buses have luggage compartments.
History of the handy bus.
The first Blue Bird Micro Bird bus was launched in 1966 by Blue Bird Midwest Corporation. The Micro Bird is aimed at small children transporting to daycare and some schools. The Micro Bird comes with a Ford or GMC chassis.

</doc>
<doc id="21468067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468067" title="Thor DSV-2U">
Thor DSV-2U

The Thor DSV-2U or Thor LV-2F Star-37XE Star-37S-ISS was an American expendable launch system used to launch five DMSP weather satellites between 1976 and 1980. It was a member of the Thor family of rockets, and a derivative of the Thor DSV-2.
The first stage was a Thor missile in the DM-19 configuration. A Star-37XE was used as the second stage, and the third stage was a Star-37S-ISS. All five launches were conducted from Space Launch Complex 10W at the Vandenberg Air Force Base. The final launch failed due to a malfunction during separation of the second and third stages which led to the spacecraft's wiring being ripped out.

</doc>
<doc id="21468102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468102" title="Edmund Chishull">
Edmund Chishull

Edmund Chishull (1671–1733) was an English clergyman and antiquary.
Life.
He was son of Paul Chishull, and was born at Eyworth, Bedfordshire, 22 March 1670-1.
He was a scholar of Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1687, where he graduated B.A. in 1690, M.A. in 1693, and became a Fellow in 1696. 
He was appointed chaplain to the factory of the Turkey Company at Smyrna. Sailing from England in the frigate "Neptune" on 10 February 1698, he arrived at Smyrna on 12 November 1698. While resident there he made a tour to Ephesus, setting out on 21 April 1699 and returning on 3 May. In 1701, he visited Constantinople. He resumed his chaplaincy the next year, and left Smyrna on 10 February 1701-2, taking his homeward journey by Gallipoli and Adrianople where he joined Lord Paget, who was returning from an embassy to the Sublime Porte.
Travelling as a member of the ambassador's household, Chishull passed through Bulgaria, Transylvania, Hungary, and Germany to Holland. At Leyden, he took leave of Lord Paget and returned to England alone.
Chishull soon afterwards became lecturer of St. Olave's, Hart Street; he married and resigned his fellowship. He was then instituted to the living of Walthamstow, Essex. In 1711, he was appointed chaplain to the queen. On 1 September 1708, he was provided with a living as vicar of Walthamstow, Essex, in 1708. He settled there for the rest of his life.
Chishull died at Walthamstow on 18 May 1733.
Works.
Chishull kept a journal, eventually published with help from Richard Mead. He published copiously as a scholar, particularly Latin verses, numismatical works, notes from his travels, and his "Antiquitates Asiaticae" (1728). The "Antiquitates" was a collaborative work involving William Sherard, Antonio Picenini, Joseph de Tournefort among others. 
As a theologian Chishull engaged in the debate on mortalism, attacking Henry Dodwell. Dodwell replied to Chishull and Samuel Clarke, in "Expostulation, relating to the late insults of Mr Clark and Mr Chishull" (1708).

</doc>
<doc id="21468119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468119" title="June 2012 lunar eclipse">
June 2012 lunar eclipse

A partial lunar eclipse took place on June 4, 2012. It was the first of two lunar eclipses occurring in 2012, the second eclipse set to happen on November 28. The moon was about one third covered by the Earth's northern umbral shadow at maximum eclipse. The portion of the moon inside the umbral shadow was illuminated by sunlight refracted through the Earth's atmosphere, thus much dimmer, and having a reddish hue. 
Visibility.
This lunar eclipse, occurring during June's "Strawberry" full moon was completely visible over Australia, rising over eastern Asia and setting over western North America. New England and eastern Canada missed the entire eclipse since the event began after moonset in those regions. The eclipse was visible in the central United States.
Amongst those in North America, observers in western Canada and the USA had the best views with moonset occurring sometime after mid-eclipse.
Related eclipses.
Lunar year (354 days).
This eclipse was one of five lunar eclipses in a short-lived series. The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21468138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468138" title="November 2012 lunar eclipse">
November 2012 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse occurred on November 28, 2012, the second of two lunar eclipses in 2012. 
Visibility.
<BR>A simulated view of the earth from the center of the moon at maximal eclipse
Related eclipses.
Lunar year (354 days).
This eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series. The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21468157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468157" title="Scanning SQUID microscope">
Scanning SQUID microscope

A Scanning SQUID Microscope is a sensitive near-field imaging system for the measurement of weak magnetic fields by moving a Superconducting Quantum Interference Device (SQUID) across an area. The microscope can map out buried current-carrying wires by measuring the magnetic fields produced by the currents, or can be used to image fields produced by magnetic materials. By mapping out the current in an integrated circuit or a package, short circuits can be localized and chip designs can be verified to see that current is flowing where expected.
High temperature scanning SQUID microscope.
A high temperature Scanning SQUID Microscope using a YBCO SQUID is capable of measuring magnetic fields as small as 20 pT (about 2 million times weaker than the earth’s magnetic field). The SQUID sensor is sensitive enough that it can detect a wire even if it is carrying only 10 nA of current at a distance of 100 µm from the SQUID sensor with 1 second averaging. The microscope uses a patented design to allow the sample under investigation to be at room temperature and in air while the SQUID sensor is under vacuum and cooled to less than 80 K using a cryo cooler. No Liquid Nitrogen is used. During non-contact, non-destructive imaging of room temperature samples in air, the system achieves a raw, unprocessed spatial resolution equal to the distance separating the sensor from the current or the effective size of the sensor, whichever is larger. To best locate a wire short in a buried layer, however, a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) back-evolution technique can be used to transform the magnetic field image into an equivalent map of the current in an integrated circuit or printed wiring board. The resulting current map can then be compared to a circuit diagram to determine the fault location. With this post-processing of a magnetic image and the low noise present in SQUID images, it is possible to enhance the spatial resolution by factors of 5 or more over the near-field limited magnetic image. The system’s output is displayed as a false-color image of magnetic field strength or current magnitude (after processing) versus position on the sample. After processing to obtain current magnitude, this microscope has been successful at locating shorts in conductors to within ±16 µm at a sensor-current distance of 150 µm.
SQUID operation.
As the name implies, SQUIDs are made from superconducting material. As a result, they need to be cooled to cryogenic temperatures of less than 90 K (liquid nitrogen temperatures) for high temperature SQUIDs and less than 9 K (liquid helium temperatures) for low temperature SQUIDs. For magnetic current imaging systems, a small (about 30 µm wide) high temperature SQUID is used. This system has been designed to keep a high temperature SQUID, made from YBa2Cu3O7, cooled below 80K and in vacuum while the device under test is at room temperature and in air. A SQUID consists of two Josephson tunnel junctions that are connected together in a superconducting loop (see Figure 1). A Josephson junction is formed by two superconducting regions that are separated by a thin insulating barrier. Current exists in the junction without any voltage drop, up to a maximum value, called the critical current, Io. When the SQUID is biased with a constant current that exceeds the critical current of the junction, then changes in the magnetic flux, Φ, threading the SQUID loop produce changes in the voltage drop across the SQUID (see Figure 1). Figure 2(a) shows the I-V characteristic of a SQUID where ∆V is the modulation depth of the SQUID due to external magnetic fields. The voltage across a SQUID is a nonlinear periodic function of the applied magnetic field, with a periodicity of one flux quantum, Φ0=2.07×10−15 Tm2 (see Figure 2(b)). In order to convert this nonlinear response to a linear response, a negative feedback circuit is used to apply a feedback flux to the SQUID so as to keep the total flux through the SQUID constant. In such a flux locked loop, the magnitude of this feedback flux is proportional to the external magnetic field applied to the SQUID. Further description of the physics of SQUIDs and SQUID microscopy can be found elsewhere.
Magnetic field detection using SQUID.
Magnetic current imaging uses the magnetic fields produced by currents in electronic devices to obtain images of those currents. This is accomplished though the fundamental physics relationship between magnetic fields and current, the Biot-Savart Law:
As a result, the current can be directly calculated from the magnetic field knowing only the separation between the current and the magnetic field sensor. The details of this mathematical calculation can be found elsewhere, but what is important to know here is that this is a direct calculation that is not influenced by other materials or effects, and that through the use of Fast Fourier Transforms these calculations can be performed very quickly. A magnetic field image can be converted to a current density image in about 1 or 2 seconds.
Applications using a Scanning SQUID Microscope.
Scanning SQUID Microscope can detect all types of shorts and conductive paths including Resistive Opens (RO) defects such as cracked or voided bumps, Delaminated Vias, Cracked traces/mouse bites and Cracked Plated Through Holes (PTH). It can map power distributions in packages as well as in 3D Integrated Circuits (IC) with Through-Silicon Via (TSV), System in package (SiP), Multi-Chip Module (MCM) and stacked die. SQUID scanning can also isolate defective components in assembled devices or Printed Circuit Board (PCB).
Short Localization in Advanced Wirebond Semiconductor Package.
Advanced wire-bond packages, unlike traditional Ball Grid Array (BGA) packages, have multiple pad rows on the die and multiple tiers on the substrate. This package technology has brought new challenges to failure analysis. To date, Scanning Acoustic Microscopy (SAM), Time Domain Reflectometry (TDR) analysis, and Real-Time X-ray (RTX) inspection were the non-destructive tools used to detect short faults. Unfortunately, these techniques do not work very well in advanced wire-bond packages. Because of the high density wire bonding in advanced wire-bond packages, it is extremely hard to localize the short with conventional RTX inspection. Without detailed information as to where the short might occur, attempting destructive decapsualtion to expose both die surface and bond wires is full of risk. Wet chemical etching to remove mold compound in a large area often results in over-etching. Furthermore, even if the package is successfully decapped, visual inspection of the multi-tiered bond wires is a blind search.
The Scanning SQUID Microscopy (SSM) data are current density images and current peak images. The current density images give the magnitude of the current, while the current peak images reveal the current path with a ± 3 μm resolution. Obtaining the SSM data from scanning advanced wire-bond packages is only half the task; fault localization is still necessary. The critical step is to overlay the SSM current images or current path images with CAD files such as bonding diagrams or RTX images to pinpoint the fault
location. To make alignment of overlaying possible, an optical two-point reference alignment is made. The package edge and
package fiducial are the most convenient package markings to align to. Based on the data analysis, fault localization by SSM should
isolate the short in the die, bond wires or package substrate. After all non-destructive approaches are exhausted, the final
step is destructive deprocessing to verify SSM data. Depending on fault isolation, the deprocessing techniques include decapsulation, parallel lapping or cross-section.
Short in multi-stacked packages.
Figure 1a shows the schematic of our first case study consisting of a triple-stacked die package. The x-ray image of figure 1b is intended to illustrate the challenge of finding the potential short locations represented for failure analysts. In particular, this is one of a set of units that were inconsistently failing and recovering under reliability tests. Time domain reflectometry and X-ray analysis were performed on these units with no success in isolating the defects. Also there was no clear indication of defects that could potentially produce the observed electrical short failure mode. Two of those units were analyzed with SSM.
Electrically connecting the failing pin to a ground pin produced the electrical current path shown in figure 2. This electrical path strongly suggests that the current is somehow flowing through all the ground nets though a conductive path located very close to the wirebond pads from the top down view of the package. Based on electrical and layout analysis of the package, it can be inferred that current is either flowing through the wirebond pads or that the wirebonds are somehow touching a conductive structure at the specified location. After obtaining similar SSM results on the two units under test, further destructive analysis focused around the small potential short region, and it showed that the failing pin wirebond is touching the bottom of one of the stacked dice at the specific XY position highlighted by SSM analysis. The cross section view of one of those units is shown in figure 3.
A similar defect was found in the second unit.
Short between pins in molding compound package.
The failure in this example was characterized as an eight-ohm short between two adjacent pins. The bond wires to the pins of interest were cut with no effect on the short as measured at the external pins, indicating that the short was present in the package. Initial attempts to identify the failure with conventional radiographic analysis were unsuccessful. Arguably the most difficult part of the procedure is identifying the physical location of the short with a high enough degree of confidence to permit destructive techniques to be used to reveal the shorting material. Fortunately, two analytical techniques are now available that can significantly increase the effectiveness of the fault localization process.
Superconducting Quantum Interference Device (SQUID) Detection.
One characteristic that all shorts have in common is the movement of electrons from a high potential to a lower one. This physical movement of the electrical charge creates a small magnetic field around the electron. With enough electrons moving, the aggregate magnetic field can be detected by superconducting sensors. Instruments equipped with such sensors can follow the path of a short circuit along its course through a part. The SQUID detector has been used in failure analysis for many years, and is now commercially available for use at the package level. The ability of SQUID to track the flow of current provides a virtual roadmap of the short, including the location in plan view of the shorting material in a package. We used the SQUID facilities at Neocera to investigate the failure in the package of interest, with pins carrying 1.47 milliamps at 2 volts. SQUID analysis of the part revealed a clear current path between the two pins of interest, including the location of the conductive material that bridged the two pins. The SQUID scan of the part is shown in Figure 1.
Low-power radiography.
The second fault location technique will be taken somewhat out of turn, as it was used to characterize this failure after the SQUID analysis, as an evaluation sample for an equipment vendor. The ability to focus and resolve low-power x-rays and detect their presence or absence has improved to the point that radiography can now be used to identify features heretofore impossible to detect. The equipment at Xradia was used to inspect the failure of interest in this analysis. An example of their findings is shown in Figure 2. The feature shown (which is also the material responsible for the failure) is a copper filament approximately three micrometres wide in cross-section, which was impossible to resolve in our in-house radiography equipment.
The principal drawback of this technique is that the depth of field is extremely short, requiring many ‘cuts’ on a given specimen to detect very small particles or filaments. At the high magnification required to resolve micrometre-sized features, the technique can become prohibitively expensive in both time and money to perform. In effect, to get the most out of it, the analyst really needs to know already where the failure is located. This makes low-power radiography a useful supplement to SQUID, but not a generally effective replacement for it. It would likely best be used immediately after SQUID to characterize morphology and depth of the shorting material once SQUID had pinpointed its location.
Short in a 3D Package.
Initial Failure Analysis
Examination of the module shown in Figure 1 in the Failure Analysis Laboratory found no external evidence of the failure. Coordinate axes of the device were chosen as shown in Figure 1. Radiography was performed on the module in three orthogonal views: side, end, and top-down; as shown in Figure 2. For purposes of this paper the top-down x-ray view shows the x-y plane of the module. The side view shows the x-z plane, and the end view shows the y-z plane. No anomalies were noted in the radiographic images. Excellent alignment of components on the mini-boards permitted an uncluttered top-down view of the mini-circuit boards. The internal construction of the module was seen to consist of eight, stacked mini-boards, each with a single microcircuit and capacitor. The mini-boards connected with the external module pins using the gold-plated exterior of the package. External inspection showed that laser-cut trenches created an external circuit on the device, which is used to enable, read, or write to any of the eight EEPROM devices in the encapsulated vertical stack. Regarding nomenclature, the laser-trenched gold panels on the exterior walls of the package were labeled with the pin numbers. The eight miniboards were labeled TSOP01 through TSOP08, beginning at the bottom of the package near the device pins.
Pin-to-pin electrical testing confirmed that Vcc Pins 12, 13, 14, and 15 were electrically common, presumably through the common exterior gold panel on the package wall. Likewise, Vss Pins 24, 25, 26, and 27 were common. Comparison to the xray images showed that these four pins funneled into a single wide trace on the mini-boards. All of the Vss pins were shorted to the Vcc pins with a
resistance determined by the I-V slope at approximately 1.74 ohms, the low resistance indicating something other than an ESD defect.
Similarly electrical overstress was considered an unlikely cause of failure as the part had not been under power since the time it was qualified at the factory. The three-dimensional geometry of the EEPROM module suggested the use of magnetic current imaging (MCI) on three, or more flat sides in order to construct the current path of the short within the module. As noted, the coordinate axes selected for this analysis are shown in Figure 1.
Magnetic Current Imaging
SQUIDs are the most sensitive magnetic sensors known. This allows one to scan currents of 500 nA at a working distance of about 400 micrometres. As for all near field situations, the resolution is limited by the scanning distance or, ultimately, by the sensor size (typical SQUIDs are about 30 μm wide), although software and data acquisition improvements allow locating currents within 3 micrometres. To operate, the SQUID sensor must be kept cool (about 77 K) and in vacuum, while the sample, at room temperature, is raster-scanned under the sensor at some working distance z, separated from the SQUID enclosure by a thin, transparent diamond window. This allows one to reduce the scanning distance to tens of micrometres from the sensor itself, improving the resolution of the tool.
The typical MCI sensor configuration is sensitive to magnetic fields in the perpendicular z direction (i.e., sensitive to the in-plane xy current distribution in the DUT). This does not mean that we are missing vertical information; in the simplest situation, if a current path jumps from one plane to another, getting closer to the sensor in the process, this will be revealed as stronger magnetic field intensity for the section closer to the sensor and also as higher intensity in the current density map. This way, vertical information can be extracted from the current density images. Further details about MCI can be found elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="21468164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468164" title="May 2013 lunar eclipse">
May 2013 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on May 24–25, 2013, the second of three lunar eclipses in 2013. It was visually imperceptible due to the small entry into the penumbral shadow. 
This event marked the beginning of Saros series 150.
Visibility.
<BR>A simulated view of the Earth from the center of the moon at maximal eclipse.
Related eclipses.
Lunar year (354 days).
This eclipse is the one of five lunar eclipses in a short-lived series. The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.
Saros series.
This is the first lunar eclipse of Saros series 150. The next occurrence will also be a penumbral eclipse on June 5, 2031.
Partial eclipses in series 150 will occur between August 20, 2157 and past the year 3000. Total eclipses will occur between April 29, 2572 and August 28, 2770.

</doc>
<doc id="21468168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468168" title="Salime Reservoir">
Salime Reservoir

Salime Reservoir is a reservoir in Asturias, Spain across the Navia River. It is the third reservoir built in this river after Arbón and Doiras.
It is formed by a 128 meters high Gravity dam and its located at the confluence of the municipalities of Pesoz, Grandas de Salime and Allande. The road AS-14 runs over the dam. The occupied area by the reservoir is 685 ha between Grandas de Salime and Ibias in Asturias and Negueira de Muñiz in Lugo.
The dam serves mainly to generate hydroelectric power, but it is also used for recreational uses.
History.
Planning.
The idea of building a power station in the zone started in 1940 in the location where Narciso Hernández Vaquero planned originally.
Immediately after the World War II, the project, made by the architect Joaquin Vaquero Palacios, and the construction started. For paying the works, the companies Hidroeléctrica del Cantábrico and Electra de Viesgo created the company "Saltos del Navia en Comunidad", endorsed by Banco Urquijo, whose office prepared the technical reports.
Previous works.
The works started in 1946, being necessary to divert the river. For that purpose, a tunnel of 30,725 m3 was dug. 11,789 m3 of concrete were used to coat it.
The supply of materials was made by a 36 km cable car that reached the port of Navia. Four villages were also built to host more than 3,500 workers.
The dam.
The dam was built between 1948 and 1953 with 630,000 m3 of concrete with slopes of 5% upstream and 72% downstream. The height above the foundation was 132 meters, so that once stood as the largest dam of Spain and second in Europe.
It is located 22 km upstream of the Doiras reservoir, and to build it there were enormous difficulties. Spain was plunged into misery and suffering the embargo of the victorious powers in World War II. This project was a dream almost impossible and yet was completed in 1954 despite the lack of resources. Although the United Nations had declared the embargo to the Franco regime, the United Kingdom secretly supplied the turbines and the generators.
During the works, died between 100 and 300 workers due to poor working conditions.
Environmental impact.
For the construction of the reservoir, it was necessary to flood 685 ha. 1,955 fincas with about 40,000 trees composed this surface. Also, several roads were closed, like the old AS-34, which was replaced by the new AS-14. This new road passes above the dam.
In some places there were created routes with boats to cross the reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="21468174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468174" title="April 2013 lunar eclipse">
April 2013 lunar eclipse

A partial lunar eclipse took place on April 25, 2013, the first of three lunar eclipses in 2013. Only a tiny sliver (about 1%) of the Moon was covered by the Earth's umbral shadow at maximum eclipse, but the entire northern half of the Moon was darkened from being inside the penumbral shadow. This was one of the shortest partial eclipses of the Moon for the 21st century, lasting 27 minutes.
Visibility.
It was visible over Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia. 
Related eclipses.
This eclipse was one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the ascending node of the Moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days, shifting back by about 10 days in consecutive years. Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21468178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468178" title="Colwyn Rural District">
Colwyn Rural District

Colwyn was, from 1894 to 1974, a rural district in the administrative county of Radnorshire, Wales.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1894, when the existing Builth Rural Sanitary District was divided into two: the section in Breconshire was reconstituted as Builth Rural District and that in Radnorshire as Colwyn Rural District. The new district took its name from the ancient hundred of Colwyn. The council continued to be based in Builth Wells in Breconshire.
The rural district comprised ten civil parishes: 
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, which completely reorganised local administration in England and Wales. Its area became part of the District of Radnor in the new county of Powys.

</doc>
<doc id="21468179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468179" title="October 2013 lunar eclipse">
October 2013 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on October 18–19, 2013, the last of three lunar eclipses in 2013. 
Visibility.
It was visible from the Americas (for the end), Europe, Africa, and most of Asia (the beginning of the eclipse was visible in east Asia). The western part of the Philippines (including western Luzon and Palawan) could see the penumbral eclipse at moonset. 
Related eclipses.
This eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the descending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21468195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468195" title="April 2014 lunar eclipse">
April 2014 lunar eclipse

A total lunar eclipse took place on April 15, 2014. It is the first of two total lunar eclipses in 2014, and the first in a tetrad (four total lunar eclipses in series). Subsequent eclipses in the tetrad are those of October 8, 2014, April 4, 2015, and September 28, 2015.
The eclipse was visible in the Pacific Ocean region, including Australia and New Zealand, as well as the Americas. The moon passed south of the center of the Earth's shadow. As a result, the northern part of the moon was noticeably darker than the southern part. It occurred during the ascending phase of the moon's orbit, part of lunar saros 122.
Background.
A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes within Earth's umbra (shadow). As the eclipse begins, the Earth's shadow first darkens the moon slightly. Then, the shadow begins to "cover" part of the moon, turning it a dark red-brown color (typically - the color can vary based on atmospheric conditions). The moon appears to be reddish because of Rayleigh scattering (the same effect that causes sunsets to appear reddish) and the refraction of that light by the Earth's atmosphere into its umbra.
The following simulation shows the approximate appearance of the moon passing through the earth's shadow. The moon's brightness is exaggerated within the umbral shadow. The northern portion of the moon was closest to the center of the shadow, making it darkest, and most red in appearance.
Description.
On April 15, 2014, the moon passed through the southern part of the Earth's umbral shadow. It was visible over most of the Western Hemisphere, including east Australia, New Zealand, the Pacific ocean, and the Americas. In the western Pacific, the first half of the eclipse occurred before moonrise. In Europe and Africa, the eclipse began just before moonset. Mars, which had just passed its opposition, appeared at magnitude -1.5 about 9.5° northwest of the moon. Spica was 2° to the west, while Arcturus was 32° north. Saturn was 26° east and Antares 44° southeast.
The moon entered Earth's penumbral shadow at 4:54 UTC and the umbral shadow at 5:58. Totality lasted for 1 hour 18 minutes, from 7:07 to 8:25. The moment of greatest eclipse occurred at 7:47. At that point, the Moon's zenith was approximately southwest of the Galápagos Islands. The moon left the umbra shadow at 9:33 and the penumbra shadow at 10:38.
The peak umbral magnitude was 1.2907, at which moment the northern part of the moon was 1.7 arc-minutes south of the center of Earth's shadow, while the southern part was 40.0 arc-minutes from center. The gamma of the eclipse was -0.3017.
The eclipse was a member of Lunar Saros 122. It was the 56th such eclipse.
† Moon not visible during this part of eclipse in this time zone
Viewing events.
Many museums and observatories planned special events for the eclipse. The United States National Park Service sponsored events at Great Basin National Park and Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore. The University of Hawaii's Institute for Astronomy held events at two locations on the islands. The Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, California streamed the eclipse live on the Internet.
NASA hosted two live question-and-answer sessions online. The first happened roughly 12 hours before the eclipse via Reddit's Ask Me Anything. The second was a web chat hosted on their site just before the eclipse began. NASA also streamed the eclipse live on their website. NASA TV provided 3 hours of live coverage beginning at 2 a.m. EDT.
Related eclipses.
The April 15 eclipse is the first eclipse in a tetrad; that is, four consecutive total eclipses with no partial eclipses in between. There will be one eclipse every six lunar cycles during the tetrad – on October 8, 2014, April 4, 2015, and September 28, 2015. The lunar year series repeats after 12 cycles, or 354 days, causing a date shift when compared to the solar calendar. This shift means the Earth's shadow will move about 11 degrees west in each subsequent eclipse.
This tetrad started during the ascending node of the Moon's orbit. It is the first tetrad since the 2003–04 series, which started in May. The next series will be from 2032 to 2033, starting in April.
Relation to prophecy.
Starting in 2008, Christian pastors John Hagee and Mark Biltz began teaching "blood moon prophecies": Biltz said the Second Coming of Jesus would occur at the end of the tetrad that began with the April 2014 eclipse, while Hagee said only that the tetrad is a sign of something significant. The idea gained popular media attention in the United States, and prompted a response from the scientific radio show "Earth & Sky". According to "Christian Today", only a "small group of Christians" saw the eclipse as having religious significance, despite the attention.

</doc>
<doc id="21468200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468200" title="October 2014 lunar eclipse">
October 2014 lunar eclipse

A total lunar eclipse will take place on 8 October 2014. It is the latter of two total lunar eclipses in 2014, and the second in a "tetrad" (four total lunar eclipses in series). Other eclipses in the tetrad are those of April 15, 2014, April 4, 2015, and September 28, 2015.
Visibility.
The eclipse will be visible over North America, the Pacific, Australia, and east Asia. 
Map.
The planet Uranus will be near opposition (Opposition on October 7) during the eclipse, just over a degrees south of the eclipsed moon, and at magnitude 5.7 bright enough to identify in binoculars.
Related eclipses.
The eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the descending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations, or 354 days (shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21468202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468202" title="Lars-Göran Arwidson">
Lars-Göran Arwidson

Lars-Göran Arwidson (born 4 April 1946 in Malung) is a Swedish biathlete. He competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Winter Olympics.
At the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, he won a bronze medal with the Swedish relay team, in "4 x 7.5 km relay", and finished 17th in the "20 km". At the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, he won a bronze medal in the "20 km", and finished 5th in the relay.

</doc>
<doc id="21468265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468265" title="Huangpu Bridge">
Huangpu Bridge

The Huangpu Bridge carries expressway traffic over two branches of the Pearl River in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. The bridge is a combined suspension and cable-stayed bridge. The suspension bridge portion crosses the south western channel and has a main span of . the suspension bridge span is one of the ten longest in China and among the 20 longest in the world. The cable stayed portion spans over the north east channel. At high the pylon on the cable-stayed section is one of the tallest bridge pylons in the world. 
The total length of the bridge is . Construction of the bridge began in December 2003 and it was opened for traffic in December 2008. The bridge carries traffic on the G4W Guangzhou–Macau Expressway.

</doc>
<doc id="21468289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468289" title="Braddock Dunn &amp; McDonald">
Braddock Dunn &amp; McDonald

Braddock, Dunn & McDonald, later known as BDM, then BDM International, was a technical services firm founded in 1959 in New York City. Its founders were Dr. Joseph V. Braddock, Dr. Bernard J. Dunn, and Dr. Daniel F. McDonald, who each received a PhD from Fordham University in the Bronx, New York. In 1997, TRW purchased BDM, and in 2002 Northrop Grumman bought TRW.
Move to Texas.
Within a year of its founding, the company moved to El Paso, Texas, to be close to the U.S. Army's Air Defense Center at Fort Bliss, Texas, the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, and Holloman Air Force Base, also in New Mexico. The founders offered their experience in missile guidance, applied optics, electronic instrumentation, and radiation physics to the U.S. Defense Department, primarily to the U.S. Army.
Williams hired.
A few years later the three founders hired Earle Williams, an engineer with a degree from Auburn University in Alabama, who eventually became President and CEO. He led the company through a time of rapid growth and expansion. Among Williams's most significant decisions was to move BDM to the Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C., a few miles west of the Pentagon. That location offered the company a better opportunity to compete for defense contracts than it could from El Paso. The corporation broadened its client base to include other military services, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and other U.S. government organizations.
For the rest of its existence as a company it occupied a series of ever-larger office spaces in an unincorporated area known as Tysons Corner, Virginia, formed by the interchange of the newly completed Capital Beltway and Virginia Routes 7 and 123. Along with Western Union and Honeywell, BDM was one of the first firms to locate in the Westpark section of Tysons Corner, occupying buildings on Jones Branch Drive (ca. 1978) and Westbranch Drive (ca. 1980).
Rapid growth.
The company grew rapidly, along with Tysons Corner. In the early 1960s Tysons Corner was a sleepy crossroads, but has since grown into a classic "edge city", and a home of many government and military contractors. Williams promoted the area as a suitable place for technology-oriented firms. Tysons Corner and the surrounding towns became the home of many of BDM's competitors, including Planning Research Corporation, DynCorp International, and CACI. Although all competed with BDM, in the buildup of defense budgets in the late 20th Century, nearly all prospered. For a time, the press referred to these companies as "Beltway Bandits," because of their location near (mostly Virginia) interchanges of the Washington, D.C. circumferential freeway. Employees of those companies, including BDM President Earle Williams, took offense to that term. As the Virginia-based defense contractors lost their independence and were absorbed by large aerospace giants, the term fell from use.
Although the location of the headquarters of these defense contractors was part of an overall trend of movement to the suburbs beginning in the 1960s, BDM played a leading role in the specifics of this movement into the Virginia suburbs of Washington.
Community work.
BDM's executives were also active in the local community. President Earle Williams served as Director of Wolftrap Foundation for the Performing Arts. BDM's Executive Vice President Stanley E. Harrison worked to strengthen the academic programs of George Mason University in Fairfax, VA. He later became the Provost of Shenandoah University in Winchester, VA.
Change in ownership.
In 1997 BDM was purchased by TRW, an aerospace systems and technical services company, which in turn was acquired by Northrop Grumman in 2002. Northrop Grumman maintains a major corporate facility in Tysons Corner to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="21468291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468291" title="The Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies">
The Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies

The Institute for Architecture & Urban Studies is a non-profit Architecture Studio & think-tank located in Manhattan, New York, USA.
IAUS (1967-1984).
The Institute of Architecture and Urban Studies was founded in 1967 as a non-profit independent agency concerned with research, education, and development in architecture and urbanism. It began as a core group of young architects seeking alternatives to traditional forms of education and practice. 
The IAUS developed its curriculum in collaboration with a group of liberal arts colleges and universities and began its undergraduate education program in 1973. The program was open to students from a consortium of distinguished liberal arts colleges and provided an architectural component as a supplement to traditional liberal arts studies. Five schools (Oberlin, Wesleyan, Hampshire, Smith, Sarah Lawrence) and twelve students participated in the Institute’s first academic year (1974-75), rising to sixteen colleges and 35 students in 1978.
The program was organized around a rigorous sequence in the history and theory of architecture and an intensive design tutorial taught by the Institute’s fellows. Like Princeton University, Columbia University, and Yale University, where architecture is taught at the undergraduate level as a concentration, the Institute is not accredited.
In 1977 began the design/study options to give students enrolled in a six-year professional degree program the opportunity to participate in the academic program. Since the Institute was not a degree-granting institution, credit for the program was provided by the student’s own institution.
Peter Eisenman was appointed as the Institute’s first Executive Director followed by Anthony Vidler (1982), Mario Gandelsonas (1983) and Stephen Peterson (1984). In 1985 the Institute ceased to exist.
The Institute (2003-present).
The Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies re-opened after being closed for nearly 20 years in 2003 due in a large part in the 9/11 renewal awareness in the critical impact of built form—how it is experienced, mediated, remembered and imaged—on our daily lives. The New Institute purports that this new awakening in the power and role of architecture exposed a need for an independent, multidisciplinary think-tank, or pedagogical “free speech zone”, in which to question, provoke, debate, experiment, explore and rethink the future of the metropolis at all scales. 
Mission Statement.
The new Institute’s goal is to keep alive the improvisational spirit that made the old Institute at its apogee a mecca for young architects and critics like Peter Eisenman, Rem Koolhaas, Aldo Rossi, Charles Gwarthmey, Frank Gehry, Diana Agrest, Mario Gandelsonas, Rafael Moneo, Robert Stern, Bernard Tschumi, Michael Graves, Richard Meier, Kenneth Frampton, Manfredo Tafuri and Anthony Vidler, among others. While the original Institute helped shape much of the autonomous theoretical discourse that dominated architectural culture in the last 30 years of the 20th century, the new Institute concentrates more on applied theory and research utilizing new technology, cross-disciplines, materials and methods. 
While there are other architecture organizations in New York like the Architecture League, and the Van Alen Institute, they are primarily places for exhibitions and lectures. They provided little in the way of debate, criticism, multidisciplinary experimentation, progressive education, improvisation and applied theory. While schools of architecture like Columbia University, Cooper Union, and Pratt Institute have better success at creating greater intellectual friction and stimulation than the above mentioned private organizations, they are to a great degree hampered by the requirements of professional accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="21468304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468304" title="Calamopleurus">
Calamopleurus

Calamopleurus is an extinct genus of bowfins, comprising three species: "C. cylindricus" and "C. mawsoni" from Brazil and "C. africanus" from Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21468307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468307" title="July 1999 lunar eclipse">
July 1999 lunar eclipse

A partial lunar eclipse took place on July 28, 1999, the second of two lunar eclipses in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21468314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468314" title="Frauen dieser Welt">
Frauen dieser Welt

"Frauen dieser Welt" ("Women of this world") is a song written and performed by Funny van Dannen, from the album "Groooveman" (2002). The song is a tribute to women all around the world.
Die Toten Hosen cover.
The song was famously covered by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen for their 2002 compilation album "", from which it was released as a single.
The song was first covered in a concert in Rottweil, where only ladies could get in. Due to a popular demand, they decided to release it on an album.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/veroeffentlichungen_discographie_frauen.php]
For the single, a cooperation with Funny van Dannen resulted in a new song, "Junge Menschen, alte Menschen" and also another van Dannen song was recorded with the author himself.
On the single, which features a shot of the Rottweil concert as the cover, the name of the band is stylised as Die Toten H♀sen.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Olaf Heine.
In the video, different men "talk" about women. The band drives on the beach of Saint Peter Sued in a car with a loudspeaker on the roof, gathering male followers, till they see a woman on the road in front of them. The band members then get out of the car and go with the mass apparently to say "hello" to her.

</doc>
<doc id="21468321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468321" title="Air on the G String">
Air on the G String

Air on the G String is August Wilhelmj's arrangement of the second movement in Johann Sebastian Bach's Orchestral Suite No. 3 in D major, BWV 1068.
History.
The original orchestral suite was written by Bach for his patron Prince Leopold of Anhalt some time between the years 1717 and 1723.
The title comes from violinist August Wilhelmj's late 19th century arrangement of the piece for violin and piano. By transposing the key of the piece from its original D major to C major and transposing the melody down an octave, Wilhelm was able to play the piece on only one string of his violin, the G string.
Later, a spurious story was put about that the melody was always intended to be played on the G string alone.
Recording.
The "Air on the G String" was one of the first works by Bach ever to be recorded. This was by the Russian cellist Aleksandr Verzhbilovich and an unknown pianist, in 1902 (as the Air from the Overture No. 3 in D major, BWV 1068).

</doc>
<doc id="21468322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468322" title="Guðbjartur Hannesson">
Guðbjartur Hannesson

Guðbjartur Hannesson (born 3 June 1950) is an Icelandic politician and was welfare minister. He is affiliated with the Social Democratic Alliance ("Samfylkingin").
He won a seat in parliament for the Social Democratic Alliance in 2007. In September 2010 he was appointed Minister for Social Affairs and Health and was charged with merging his department with the Ministry of Labour and create a new Ministry for Welfare from January 2011.
After the parliamentary election 27 April 2013 there was a change of government and on 23 May Eygló Harðardóttir became the new welfare minister, while Kristjáni Þór Júlíussyni became minister of Health.

</doc>
<doc id="21468326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468326" title="January 1999 lunar eclipse">
January 1999 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on January 31, 1999, the first of two lunar eclipses in 1999.
This was a relatively rare total penumbral lunar eclipse with the moon passing entirely within the penumbral shadow without entering the darker umbral shadow. 
Images.
<BR>This simulated view compares this penumbral eclipse (left) to the full moon (right) as it appeared an hour before the eclipse.

</doc>
<doc id="21468330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468330" title="Rossgarten Gate">
Rossgarten Gate

The Rossgarten Gate (, tr.: "Rosgartenskie vorota"; ) is one of seven surviving city gates of Kaliningrad, Russia, formerly the German city of Königsberg. It is located at the intersection of Chernyakhovskogo street and Alexander Nevsky street, near the Vasilevskiy square and the Kaliningrad Amber Museum.
History.
Named after the district Rossgarten, the current gate replaced a previous version of the gate from the beginning of the 17th century. It was constructed between 1852-1855 under the supervision of Wilhelm Ludwig Stürmer. The gate was damaged after the war, but restored afterwards and currently houses a café-restaurant called Solnetsnyy Kamen ("Solar Stone").
Architecture.
The gate consists of only one passage of about four meters wide. On both sides of the passage three casemates are located, so the gate in total has seven openings. On top of the facade of the gate can be found a series of merlons, divided into two parts by the central elevated part of the gate. The gate itself has two high octagonal turrets. Above the main arch of the gate a lookout area is situated, again equipped with merlons. Reliefs of the Prussian generals Gerhard von Scharnhorst and August Neidhardt von Gneisenau decorate the main arch. While the city side of the gate is a highly decorated, the outer side does not have any decorative ornaments.

</doc>
<doc id="21468332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468332" title="Saint Memmius">
Saint Memmius

Saint Memmius () is venerated as the first bishop of Châlons-sur-Marne (now "Châlons-en-Champagne"), and founder of the diocese. 
According to tradition, Memmius was a Roman citizen who was consecrated by Saint Peter and sent to Gaul to convert the people there to Christianity.
However, according to Flodoard, he was a contemporary of Saint Sixtus, bishop of Reims. Memmius' sister, Poma, is also venerated as a saint.
Veneration.
Saint Gregory of Tours writes that while traveling through Châlons, his servant fell sick from fever. Gregory prayed at Memmius' tomb and by the next morning Gregory’s servant had been cured. Memmius' immediate successors, Donatian and Domitian, were also venerated as saints.

</doc>
<doc id="21468334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468334" title="Cyprian Godebski (sculptor)">
Cyprian Godebski (sculptor)

Cyprian Godebski (30 October 1835 – 25 November 1909) was a Polish sculptor and from 1870 a professor at the Imperial Academy of Arts in St. Petersburg. He was the grandson of Polish poet and novelist Cyprian Godebski, creator of the "Legions poetry" genre, who had served in Napoleon's Polish Legions.
Cyprian Godebski is remembered for having won the contest for the Adam Mickiewicz Monument in Kraków, but also for having lost that commission to a newcomer, Teodor Rygier, whose more popular design was ultimately adopted by the city in 1889. Godebski, however, created an equally revered Mickiewicz monument in Warsaw, erected 10 years later on "Krakowskie Przedmieście", for which he was awarded 50,000 rubles by the Committee to Erect the Adam Mickiewicz Monument ("Społeczny Komitet Budowy Pomnika").
The Warsaw statue was destroyed by the Nazis during World War II, in 1942, and was recreated in 1955 using the head and a fragment of the torso recovered in Hamburg.
Biography.
Godebski received his art education at the Paris studio of sculptor François Jouffroy. He lived and worked in Lwow from 1858 and in 1861 moved to Vienna where he worked on commissions from the Imperial court of Austro-Hungary. In 1863 Godebski moved to Paris again, and lived alternately in France and in Belgium. In 1870 he accepted the nomination for the professorship at the Russian Academy of Arts and moved to St. Petersburg for several years. He was in Warsaw in 1870 and 1875.
Cyprian married the half-Belgian, half-Russian Zofia Servais, and became the father of Maria Zofia Godebska, later known as pianist Misia Sert who later had considerable influence within Parisian artistic circles. Her mother, a daughter to a noted musician Adrien-François Servais, had died giving birth to her on 30 March 1872 while in Tsarskoye Selo, where Godebski was engaged in reconstruction of the tsarist palace. He married again, to sculptor Matylda Rosen, and while in Warsaw in 1875 ran an artistic salon with her for the local elite. Following his return to Paris, Godebski organized a new popular artistic and literary salon. In 1877, he was nominated as member of the French National Academy, and in 1889 received the medal and title of the Chevalier of the Legion of Honour. From 1897 he was the first president of the Artistic and Literary Club of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21468349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468349" title="August 1998 lunar eclipse">
August 1998 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on August 8, 1998, the second of three lunar eclipses that year.
Saros series.
This lunar eclipse is the second to last member of Saros series 109. The next event is on August 18, 2016. The previous occurrence was on July 27, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21468351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468351" title="Jeff Langton">
Jeff Langton

Jeff Langton (born December 11, 1956) is an American actor and martial arts performer and practitioner. He is also a professional boxing trainer, cornerman, and cutman. 
Early life.
Jeff was born in Pasadena, California and raised between San Jose, California and Brooklyn, New York. His father was a member of the Marine Corp Boxing Team and later trained young Langton in the "sweet science." When Langton was 13, he joined the Police Athletic League and trained as an amateur boxer with Gus Spencer. He also trained at Garden City Boxing Club and Bath Beach Health Club in Brooklyn New York. As a young man he also trained in martial arts as well as boxing. He trained in Tae Kwon Do with Dan Kyu Choi. He became the captain of Choi's Institute of Tae Kwon Do Championship Team and then went on to be California State Tae Kwon Do Champion. He also received a black belt in Tae Kwon Do from Master Byung Yu. He was also the first and original member of the world famous Ernie Reyes West Coast Demo Team and introduced gymnastics and acrobatics to martial arts demonstration. This legacy continues on, as the format Langton introduced is still used today by West Coast Demo Team in shows all around the world.
After making his way through the competitive world of martial arts, he moved on to film and television. He moved to Los Angeles to pursue acting. In L.A. he training extensively with six-time World Champion Kickboxer Benny Urquidez. He was also a trainer at Benny's school, The Jet Center. During this time he also did live action stunts for Universal Studios.
Career.
He began doing stunts for Sylvester Stallone and then acting in movies such as "Lionheart", fighting on screen with stars like Jean-Claude Van Damme.
After this he starred in films such as "Final Impact" and "Maximum Force", and continued to work on films and television shows like "Price of Glory", "Matlock", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and "Las Vegas". His background in boxing came in handy as he was asked to train and coach Tommy Morrison in "Rocky V". Langton also appears in the movie itself as one of the fighters Tommy Gunn knocks out. In fact, his name appears in the marquee in a montage depicting Tommy Gunn rising through the ranks. Although in the video game, "Rocky Legends" his character looks nothing like him and his name is changed to Kofi Langton. His most recent role is in the movie "Mind Polish: Master Hubbard's Special Reserve", where he plays a scientology spiritual counselor who suffers from tourette's syndrome.
Boxing.
Jeff has worked the corner in over 40 world championship title bouts including Ricardo Mayorga (WBC, IBF), Freddie Pendleton (IBF, WBA), Tony Tucker (NABF, WBC, WBA, WBO), Byron Mitchell (IBF, WBA), Uriah Grant (IBF), Kingsley Ikeke (NABA, WBC), William Abelyan (NABO), and Will Grigsby (IBF).
Jeff Langton has trained world champions of his own such as Terry Davis (NBA, IBA Champ) and Young Dick Tiger (Nigerian Commonwealth Champ). Langton has also trained Hector Pena (6 time world kickboxing champion) and Danny "Hard As" Steel (6 time world kickboxing champion). He learned how to be a cutman from his uncle Al Bonanni who has trained many world champions for Don King. He is a licensed trainer by the State of California and by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. He also owns a private gym for professional boxers and celebrities.
Martial Arts.
Jeff Langton is a practitioner of several martial art disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="21468357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468357" title="1983 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
1983 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 1983 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament was the third year of the NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship. It began with 28 teams and ended on December 19 when Hawaii defeated UCLA 3 games to 0 in the NCAA championship match. Hawaii won their second straight title.
In the consolation match, Stanford defeated Pacific to claim third place.
The Final Four was held in Lexington, Kentucky at the Memorial Coliseum. The championship match attendance of 1,812 remains the lowest attendance ever for a NCAA national championship match.
Final Four - Memorial Coliseum, Lexington, Kentucky.
<noinclude>
NCAA Tournament records.
There are four NCAA tournament records that were set during the 1983 NCAA tournament that have not yet been broken.

</doc>
<doc id="21468358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468358" title="September 1998 lunar eclipse">
September 1998 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on September 6, 1998, the last of three lunar eclipses in 1998.
Related eclipses.
Lunar year series.
This is the last of four lunar year eclipses at the ascending node of the moon's orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21468368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468368" title="Santa Cruz AIDS Project">
Santa Cruz AIDS Project

Santa Cruz AIDS Project (SCAP) is a non-profit organization based in Santa Cruz California which offers free client services for those who are HIV positive, as well as a variety of services for HIV prevention, including education and HIV testing.
SCAP also has created some programs around the harm reduction model, seeking ways to reduce or make more safe harmful behaviors amongst populations that are at high risk for contracting HIV such as the homeless and sex workers.
Mission statement.
"The Santa Cruz AIDS Project was founded in 1985 by a group of dedicated volunteers with the mission to lead a community response to the ever-changing HIV/AIDS pandemic, to enhance the quality of life through powerful support programs, to advocate effectively for the health and dignity of those living with HIV, and to reduce the spreads of HIV through results-oriented and measured education and prevention programs that are tailored to specific at-risk community groups and focused on the health of Santa Cruz County."

</doc>
<doc id="21468374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468374" title="March 1998 lunar eclipse">
March 1998 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on March 13, 1998, the first of three lunar eclipses in 1998.
Related eclipses.
Lunar year series.
This is the last of four lunar year eclipses at the descending node of the moon's orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21468377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468377" title="Oriental Orthodoxy">
Oriental Orthodoxy

Oriental Orthodoxy is the faith of those Orthodox Eastern Christian churches which recognize only the first three ecumenical councils—the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the First Council of Ephesus. They rejected the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon held in AD 451 in Chalcedon. Hence, these "Oriental Orthodox" churches are also called "Old Oriental" churches, Miaphysite churches, or the Non-Chalcedonian churches, known to Western Christianity and much of Eastern Orthodoxy as Monophysite churches (although the Oriental Orthodox themselves reject this description as inaccurate, having rejected the teachings of both Nestorius and Eutyches). These churches are in full communion with each other but not with the Eastern Orthodox churches. Slow dialogue towards restoring communion began in the mid-20th century.
Despite the potentially confusing nomenclature (the word "Oriental" being synonymous with "Eastern"), Oriental Orthodox churches are distinct from those that are collectively referred to as the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Oriental Orthodox communion comprises six churches: Coptic, Ethiopian, Eritrean, Syriac, Malankara Syrian (Indian Orthodox Church) and Armenian Apostolic churches. These churches, while being in communion with one another, are hierarchically independent.
The Oriental Orthodox Churches and the rest of the Church split over differences in Christological terminology. The First Council of Nicaea (325) declared that Jesus Christ is God, that is to say, "consubstantial" with the Father; and the First Council of Ephesus (431) that Jesus, though divine as well as human, is only one being, or person (hypostasis). Twenty years after Ephesus, the Council of Chalcedon declared that Jesus is one person in two complete natures, one human and one divine. Those who opposed Chalcedon likened its doctrine to the Nestorian heresy, condemned at Ephesus, that Christ was two distinct beings, one divine (the Logos) and one human (Jesus).
History.
Post Council of Chalcedon (451 AD).
The schism between the Oriental Orthodox and the rest of Christendom occurred in the 5th century. The separation resulted in part from the refusal of Pope Dioscorus, Patriarch of Alexandria and the other 13 Egyptian Bishops, to accept the Christological dogmas promulgated by the Council of Chalcedon, which held that Jesus is in two natures: one divine and one human. They would accept only "of or from two natures" but not "in two natures".
To the hierarchs who would lead the Oriental Orthodox, the latter phrase was tantamount to accepting Nestorianism, which expressed itself in a terminology incompatible with their understanding of Christology. Nestorianism was understood as seeing Christ in two separate natures, human and divine, each with different actions and experiences; in contrast Cyril of Alexandria advocated the formula "one nature of the Incarnate Word of God", stressing the unity of the incarnation over all other considerations. It is not entirely clear that Nestorius himself was a Nestorian.
The Oriental Orthodox churches were therefore often called Monophysite, although they reject this label, as it is associated with Eutychian Monophysitism; they prefer the term "Miaphysite" churches. Oriental Orthodox churches reject what they consider to be the heretical Monophysite teachings of Apollinaris of Laodicea and Eutyches, the Dyophysite definition of the Council of Chalcedon and the Antiochene christology of Theodore of Mopsuestia, Nestorius of Constantinople, Theodoret of Cyrus, and Ibas of Edessa.
Christology, although important, was not the only reason for the Alexandrian Church's refusal to accept the declarations of the Council of Chalcedon; political, ecclesiastical and imperial issues were hotly debated during that period.
In the years following Chalcedon the patriarchs of Constantinople intermittently remained in communion with the non-Chalcedonian patriarchs of Alexandria, Antioch, Jerusalem (see Henotikon), while Rome remained out of communion with the latter and in unstable communion with Constantinople. It was not until 518 that the new Byzantine Emperor, Justin I (who accepted Chalcedon), demanded that the Church in the Roman Empire accept the Council's decisions.
Justin ordered the replacement of all non-Chalcedonian bishops, including the patriarchs of Antioch and Alexandria. The extent of the influence of the Bishop of Rome in this demand has been a matter of debate. Justinian I also attempted to bring those monks who still rejected the decision of the Council of Chalcedon into communion with the greater church. The exact time of this event is unknown, but it is believed to have been between 535 and 548.
St Abraham of Farshut was summoned to Constantinople and he chose to bring with him four monks. Upon arrival, Justinian summoned them and informed them that they would either accept the decision of the Council or lose their positions. Abraham refused to entertain the idea. Theodora tried to persuade Justinian to change his mind, seemingly to no avail. Abraham himself stated in a letter to his monks that he preferred to remain in exile rather than subscribe to a faith contrary to that of Athanasius.
20th century.
By the 20th century the Chalcedonian schism was not seen with the same importance, and from several meetings between the authorities of the Holy See and the Oriental Orthodoxy, reconciling declarations emerged in the common statement of the Syriac Patriarch (Mar Ignatius Zakka I Iwas) and the Roman Pope (John Paul II) in 1984.
According to the canons of the Oriental Orthodox Churches, the four bishops of Rome, Alexandria, Ephesus and Antioch were all given status as Patriarchs; in other words, the ancient apostolic centres of Christianity, by the First Council of Nicaea (predating the schism)—each of the four patriarchs was responsible for those bishops and churches within his own area of the Universal Church (with the exception of the Patriarch of Jerusalem, who was independent of the rest). Thus, the Bishop of Rome has always been held by the others to be fully sovereign within his own area, as well as "First-Among-Equals", due to the traditional belief that the Apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul were martyred in Rome.
The technical reason for the schism was that the bishops of Rome and Constantinople excommunicated the non-Chalcedonian bishops in 451 for refusing to accept the "in two natures" teaching, thus declaring them to be out of communion. Recent declarations indicate that the Holy See now regards itself as being in a state of partial communion with the other patriarchates.
The highest office in Oriental Orthodoxy is that of Patriarch. There are Patriarchs within the local Oriental Orthodox communities of the Armenian, Coptic, Eritrean, Ethiopian, and Syrian Orthodox Churches. The title of Pope, as used by Pope Theodoros II of Alexandria (current Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church) has the meaning of "Father" and is not a jurisdictional title. However, the Coptic Pope holds the honor of being "first among equals", as the Ecumenical Patriarch does among the Eastern Orthodox, and as such he functions as the president of pan-jurisdictional gatherings of the Oriental Orthodox.
Geographical distribution.
Oriental Orthodoxy is a dominant religion in Armenia (94%), the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (95%), and in Ethiopia (43%, the total Christian population being 62%), especially in two regions in Ethiopia: Amhara (82%) and Tigray (96%), as well as the chartered city of Addis Ababa (75%). It is also one of two dominant religions in Eritrea (50%).
It is a minority in Egypt (9%), Sudan (3–5% out of the 15% of total Christians), Syria (2–3% out of the 10% of total Christians), Lebanon (10% of the 40% of Christians in Lebanon) and Kerala, India (7% out of the 20% of total Christians in Kerala). In terms of total number of members, the Ethiopian Church is the largest of all Oriental Orthodox Churches, and is second among all Orthodox Churches among Eastern and Oriental Churches (exceeded in number only by the Russian Orthodox Church).
Also of particular importance of Oriental orthodoxy churchs are the Armenian Patriarchate of Constantinople in Turkey and the Armenian Apostolic Church of Iran. These oriental Orthodoxy churches represent the largest Christian minority in both of these predominantly Muslim countries, Turkey and Iran.
Oriental Orthodox communion.
The Oriental Orthodox communion is a group of churches within Oriental Orthodoxy which are all in full communion with each other. The communion comprises:
Internal disputes.
There are numerous ongoing internal disputes within the Oriental Orthodox Churches. These disputes result in lesser or greater degrees of impaired communion.
Armenian Apostolic.
The least divisive of these disputes is within the Armenian Apostolic Church, between the Catholicosate of Etchmiadzin and the Catholicosate of the Great House of Cilicia. The division of the two Catholicosates stemmed from frequent relocations of Church headquarters due to political and military upheavals.
The division between the two Sees intensified during the Soviet period. By some Western Bishops and clergy the Holy See of Etchmiadzin was seen as a captive Communist puppet. Sympathizers of this established congregations independent of Etchmiadzin, declaring loyalty instead to the See based in Antelias in Lebanon. The division was formalized in 1956 when the Antelias (Cilician) See broke away from the Echmiadzin See. Though recognising the supremacy of the Catholicos of All Armenians, the Catholicos of Cilicia administers the clergy and dioceses independently. The dispute, however, has not at all caused a breach in communion between the two churches.
India.
Indians who follow the Oriental Orthodox faith belong to two churches, the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church and the Jacobite Syrian Christian Church.
The Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church is an independent autocephalous church under the spiritual and secular jurisdiction of the Catholicos of the East on the Apostolic Throne of St. Thomas with an ambiguous subordination to the Patriarchate of Antioch at least legally.
The latter is an autonomous body of the Syriac Orthodox Church in India. It experiences a certain degree of autonomy with a separate Episcopal synod, and a Catholicos of India. This Catholicos is a subordinate of the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch who has direct authority over the church here.
The first group is called the "Metran Kakshi" (bishop's faction) and the latter is called the "Bava Kakshi" (Patriarch's faction). The former is also referred to as the Indian Orthodox church to signify its nationalist sentiments and independence. The two churches were united before 1912 and for a brief period from 1958 to 1975.
Occasional confusions.
The Assyrian Church of the East is sometimes incorrectly described as an Oriental Orthodox church, though its origins lie in disputes that predated the Council of Chalcedon and it follows a different Christology from Oriental Orthodoxy. The historical Church of the East was the church of Greater Iran and declared itself separate from the state church of the Roman Empire in 424–27, years before Chalcedon. Theologically, the Church of the East was affiliated with the dyophysite doctrine of Nestorianism, and thus rejected the Council of Ephesus, which declared Nestorianism heretical in 431. The Christology of the Oriental Orthodox churches in fact developed as a reaction to Nestorian Christology, which emphasizes the distinctness of the human and divine natures of Christ.
There are many overlapping ecclesiastical jurisdictions in India, mostly with a Syriac liturgical heritage centered in the state of Kerala. The autonomous (Malankara) Jacobite Syrian Christian Church, which comes under the Syriac Orthodox Church, is quite often confused with the autocephalous Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church as the latter uses a similar name.

</doc>
<doc id="21468388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468388" title="Stenka Razin (Glazunov)">
Stenka Razin (Glazunov)

Stenka Razin, Op. 13, is a symphonic poem composed by Alexander Glazunov in 1885. Dedicated to the memory of Alexander Borodin, it is one of the few compositions written by Glazunov on a nationalist subject and is composed in a style reminiscent of Borodin and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Glazunov's composition dramatizes and romanticizes the career of the Cossack Stenka Razin. After leading raids against the Tsarist regime, Razin was captured and given amnesty in exchange of an oath of allegiance. He broke his promise, leading an army of several hundred thousand in an attempt to overthrow the government. Captured again, he was executed in 1672.
The score focuses on a dramatic moment immediately preceding Razin's recapture. Razin and his mistress, a captured Persian princess, are afloat on a richly caparisoned boat on the River Volga. There, in one version of the story, the princess relates an ominous dream, warning of imminent disaster and her own death in the river. They are suddenly surrounded by tsarist soldiers. Razin casts the princess into the water, declaring, "Never in all my thirty years have I offered a sacrifice to the Volga. Today I will give it what is for me the most precious of all the world's treasures." The Cossacks then descend desperately upon the Russian troops. Another version of the story has Razin's men claiming that his love of the princess has dulled his lust for fighting—a charge Razin counters by drowning the princess before leading his followers once again into battle.
The slow introduction evokes the River Volga, quoting "The Song of the Volga Boatmen," with the song's solemnity coloring not only the B minor introduction but also the outer sections of the main Allegro con brio in the same musical key. These outer sections depict Razin's raids on villages along the river. A gentler central section (Allegro moderato) features a contrasting clarinet melody in the major a semitone lower and was claimed to be of Persian origin; this theme, sensual and undulating in Russian orientalist fashion, portrays the princess. The two themes, singly and in conjunction, provide the substance for the central development section, culminating in the graphic depiction of the princess's death. "The Song of the Volga Boatmen" is reprised in the brass to bring the work to a rousing conclusion.
The work was premiered in St. Petersburg on November 23, 1885 in a concert, arranged at Mitrofan Belyayev's expense, conducted by the Rimsky-Korsakov pupil Georgi Ottonovich Dutsch.

</doc>
<doc id="21468389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468389" title="Abdisho IV Maron">
Abdisho IV Maron

Mar Abdisho IV Maron () was the second Patriarch of the Chaldean Catholic Church, from 1555 to 1570.
Life.
Abdisho, whose name is spelled in many different ways ("Abdisu", "Abd-Jesu", "Hebed-Jesu", "Abdissi", "Audishu") meaning "Servant of Jesus", was born in Gazarta on the River Tigris, son of Yohannan of the house of Mari. He entered in the monasteries of Saint Antony and of Mar Ahha and Yohannan, and in 1554 was consecrated metropolitan bishop of Gazarta by Shimun VIII Yohannan Sulaqa. 
After Sulaqa's death in 1555, Abdisho was elected patriarch of the Chaldean Church. He could travel to Rome only in 1561. On 7 March 1562 Abdisho made a profession of faith in front of pope Pius IV and on 17 April 1562 he received from the pope the pallium, the sign of the confirmation of his election.
In a letter of him dated 1562 to the pope he listed thirty-eight dioceses under his rule, ranging from the Ottoman Empire to the Persia and India. Modern scholars suggest that the actual dioceses could be only about fourteen, and the error in the list was due to a probable mistake in translation from Syriac to Latin. 
He preferred to return to his church without waiting for attending the next session of the Council of Trent, where, on 17 Sept 1562 (XXII session), was given a detailed account of what he narrated about his Church and his faith. The Portuguese bishops excepted when it was narrated that Abdisho considered the jurisdiction of the Church of the East wide-ranging up to South India.
About his reign, we know that in 1565 the pope confirmed the use of the traditional Chaldean uses and rites, and that he moved the See from Amid to the monastery of Mar Yaqub Khbhisha near Siirt.
Among the different possible dates of Abdisho's death, Murre suggests the 11 September 1570.
Works.
Abdisho left a poem in which he narrated the events of Yohannan Sulaqa's life. He should not be confused with Abdisho bar Berika who lived in the 13th - 14th century and was a prolific writer.
Mentions in literature and art.
Abdisho is a character in Hans Pfitzner's opera "Palestrina", in which he is one of the prelates attending the Council of Trent.

</doc>
<doc id="21468412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468412" title="Magdalena Peninsula">
Magdalena Peninsula

The Magdalena Peninsula is a 69 acre (28 hectare)
peninsula located near the entrance to the Bay of Santander in the city of Santander, Cantabria along the north coast of Spain.
The peninsula is a popular recreational destination for both tourists and locals. The historic Palacio de la Magdalena is located on the peninsula, which along with its surrounding gardens, is designated as a cultural heritage site. Also located on the peninsula are a small zoo, three galleons of the Cantabrian mariner Vital Alsar Ramírez, and two beaches. 

</doc>
<doc id="21468426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468426" title="Mapping controversies">
Mapping controversies

Mapping controversies (MC) is an academic course taught in science studies, stemming from the writings of the French sociologist and philosopher Bruno Latour. MC focuses exclusively on the controversies surrounding scientific knowledge rather than the established scientific facts or outcomes. Thus, it helps sociologists, anthropologists and other social scientists get insights not into scientific knowledge "per se", but rather into "the process of gaining knowledge". Thus, MC sheds light on those intermediate stages corresponding to the actual research process and pinpoints the connections between scientific work and other types of activities.
History.
The term "mapping controversies" was first suggested in relation to analysis of scientific and technological controversies, and then lately re-affirmed as a widely applicable methodological approach going beyond the boundaries of Science Studies. It is usually used for the methodology that identifies and tracks down the polemics or debate surrounding a scientific fact, and utilises various visualisation tools to present the problem in its complexity. 
Recently Latour initiated the project "Mapping Controversies on Science for Politics (MACOSPOL)". The showcase website is mappingcontroversies.net 
In 2008-2009 several universities in Europe and USA started teaching "Mapping Controversies" courses for students in political sciences, engineering, and architecture. 
An earlier attempt to stage controversies in museum settings took place at the Gallery of Research in Vienna in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21468428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468428" title="Echmatocrinus">
Echmatocrinus

Echmatocrinus is a problematic Cambrian animal which resembles a crinoid or an octocoral. It is known only from the Burgess shale. 
The creature was a little like an inverted cone, with a crown of seven to nine tentacles. Each tentacle was covered with small extensions. The cone itself was covered with irregularly arranged mineralised plates. The organisms lived a solitary lifestyle, although juveniles are sometimes attached to (or budding from) adults.
Further reading.
Ausich, W. I. 1998a. Early phylogeny and subclass division of the Crinoidea (phylum Echinodermata). Journal of Paleontology 72 (3): 499-510.
Ausich, W. I. 1998b. Origin of the Crinoidea. In Echinoderms: San Francisco (R. Mooi & M. Telford, eds.) pp. 127-132. A. A. Balkema: Rotterdam.
Ausich, W. I. 1999. Origin of crinoids. In Echinoderm Research 1998 (M. D. Candia Carnevali & F. Bonasoro, eds.) pp. 237-242. A. A. Balkema: Rotterdam.
Sprinkle, J., & R. C. Moore. 1978. Echmatocrinea. In Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology pt. T. Echinodermata 2. Crinoidea (R. C. Moore & C. Teichert, eds.) vol. 2, pp. T405-T407. The Geological Society of America, Inc.: Boulder (Colorado), and The University of Kansas: Lawrence (Kansas). 

</doc>
<doc id="21468429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468429" title="Puppet">
Puppet

A puppet is an inanimate object or representational figure animated or manipulated by a puppeteer. It is used in puppetry, which is a very ancient form of theatre.
There are many different varieties of puppets, and they are made of a wide range of materials, depending on their form and intended use. They can be extremely complex or very simple in their construction.
Origins.
Puppetry was practised in Ancient Greece and the oldest written records of puppetry can be found in the works of Herodotus and Xenophon, dating from the 5th century BC. The Greek word translated as "puppet" is "νευρόσπαστος" ("nevrospastos"), which literally means "drawn by strings, string-pulling", from "νεῦρον" ("nevron"), meaning either "sinew, tendon, muscle, string", or "wire", and "σπάω" ("spaō"), meaning "draw, pull".
Aristotle (384–322 BC) discusses puppets in his work "On the Motion of Animals".
The movements of animals may be compared with those of automatic puppets, which are set going on the occasion of a tiny movement; the levers are released, and strike the twisted strings against one another.
In India puppetry was practised from ancient times and is known by different names in different parts of the country. Excavation of clay dolls from Indus valley sites serve as an indication. The art of puppetry called Bommalattam is mentioned in Tamil literature Silappadikaram, which is written around 2nd century B.C.
Types of puppetry.
Puppetry by its nature is a flexible and inventive medium, and many puppet companies work with combinations of puppet forms, and incorporate real objects into their performances. They might, for example, incorporate "performing objects" such as torn paper for snow, or a sign board with words as narrative devices within a production. The following are, alphabetically, the basic and conventional forms of puppet:
Black light puppet.
The black light puppet is a form of puppetry where the puppets are operated on a stage lit only with ultraviolet lighting, which both hides the puppeteer and accentuates the colours of the puppet. The puppeteers perform dressed in black against a black background, with the background and costume normally made of black velvet. The puppeteers manipulate the puppets under the light, while they position themselves unseen against the black unlit background. Controlling what the audience sees is a major responsibility of any puppeteer, and blacklight lighting provides a new way of accomplishing this. Puppets of many sizes and types may be used, and glow brightly. The original concept of this form of puppetry can be traced to Bunraku puppetry.
Bunraku puppet.
The bunraku puppets are a type of wood-carved puppet originally made to stand out through torch illumination. Developed in Japan over a thousand years ago and formalised and combined with shamisen music at the end of the 16th century, the puppeteers dress to remain neutral against a black background, although their presence as kind of 'shadow' figures adds a mysterious power to the puppet. Bunraku traditionally uses three puppeteers to operate a puppet that varies from 1/3 to 1/2 life size.
Carnival or body puppet.
Carnival puppets (AKA body puppets) are usually designed to be part of a large spectacle. These are often used in parades (such as the Mayday parade in Minneapolis, United States) and demonstrations, and are at least the size of a human and often much larger. One or more performers are required to move the body and limbs. In parades, the appearance and personality of the person inside is not relevant to the spectator. These puppets are particularly associated with large scale entertainment, such as the nightly parades at various Disney complexes around the world. Similar puppets were designed by Julie Taymor for "The Lion King.
The Jim Henson Company also has their version of these puppets called Full-Bodied Puppets.
Finger puppet.
The finger puppet is an extremely simple puppet variant which fits onto a single finger. Finger puppets normally have no moving parts, and consist primarily of a hollow cylinder shape to cover the finger. This form of puppet has limited application, and is used mainly in pre-schools or kindergartens for storytelling with young children. 
Sock puppet.
The sock puppet is a puppet formed from a sock and operated by inserting one's hand inside the sock. One then moves his hand up and down to give the impression of speaking. Sometimes eyes and other factors are added to the sock in order to make the puppet more realistic. Sock puppets are also popular in many puppet performances, as they are simple to make and easy to use. They are mostly used in satirical or children's works, as they are not very professional.
Hand puppet or glove puppet.
The hand puppet (AKA glove puppet) are puppets controlled by one hand which occupies the interior of the puppet. The Punch and Judy puppets are familiar examples of hand puppets. Larger varieties of hand puppets place the puppeteer's hand in just the puppet's head, controlling the mouth and head, and the puppet's body then hangs over the entire arm. Other parts of the puppet (mainly arms, but special variants exist with eyelids which can be manipulated; the mouth may also open and close) are usually not much larger than the hand itself. A sock puppet is a particularly simple type of hand puppet made from a sock.
Human-arm puppet.
Also called a "two-man puppet" or a "live-hand puppet", the human-arm puppet it is similar to a hand puppet but is larger and requires two puppeteers. One puppeteer places a hand inside the puppet's head and operates its head and mouth while putting their other arm into a glove and special sleeve attached to the puppet (the right arm if they are left handed and left arm if they are right handed). The second puppeteer puts their arm into the glove and special sleeve attached to the puppet in order to operate the other puppet's arms. This way, the puppet can perform arbitrary hand gestures. This is a form of glove or hand puppetry and rod puppetry.
Light curtain puppet.
The light curtain puppet presentations use specifically focused light to highlight small areas of a performance, allowing the puppet to be seen while the manipulators remain invisible. The puppets stand on a stage divided into an unlit background and a well-lit foreground, meeting to form a "curtain" of light. The puppeteer dresses in black and remains hidden in the unlit background of the stage while the puppet is held across the light curtain in the lit foreground of the stage. "Light curtain puppet" is an umbrella term, and any puppet which is extended into a well-lit area where its handler remains separated from the puppet by a division of light may be called a light curtain puppet.
Marionette.
Marionettes, or "string puppets," are suspended and controlled by a number of strings, plus sometimes a central rod attached to a control bar held from above by the puppeteer. The control bar can be either a horizontal or vertical one. Basic strings for operation are usually attached to the head, back, hands (to control the arms) and just above the knee (to control the legs). This form of puppetry is complex and sophisticated to operate, requiring greater manipulative control than a finger, glove or rod puppet. The puppet play performed by the Von Trapp children with Maria in The Sound of Music is a marionette show.
Marotte.
The marotte is a simplified rod puppet that is just a head and/or body on a stick. In a "marotte à main prenante", the puppeteer's other arm emerges from the body (which is just a cloth drape) to act as the puppet's arm. Some marottes have a small string running through the stick attached to a handle at the bottom. When the handle is squeezed, the mouth opens.
Pull string puppet.
A pull string puppet is a puppet consisting of a cloth body where in the puppeteer puts his/her arm into a slot in the back and pulls rings on strings that do certain tasks such as waving or moving the mouth.
Push puppet.
A push puppet consists of a segmented character on a base which is kept under tension until the button on the bottom is pressed. The puppet wiggles, slumps and then collapses, and is usually used as a novelty toy.
Toy theatre.
The toy theatre is a puppet cut out of paper and stuck onto card. It is fixed at its base to a stick and operated by pushing it in from the side of the puppet theatre. Sheets were produced for puppets and scenery from the 19th century for children's use.
Rod puppet.
A rod puppet is a puppet constructed around a central rod secured to the head. A large glove covers the rod and is attached to the neck of the puppet. A rod puppet is controlled by the puppeteer moving the metal rods attached to the hands of the puppet, any other limbs and by turning the central rod secured to the head.
Shadow puppet.
A shadow puppet is a cut-out figure held between a source of light and a translucent screen. Shadow puppets can form solid silhouettes or be decorated with various amounts of cut-out details. Colour can be introduced into the cut-out shapes to provide a different dimension and different effects can be achieved by moving the puppet (or light source) out of focus. Javanese shadow puppets known as Wayang Kulit are the classic example of this. In China, it became popular from Song Dynasty.
Supermarionation.
Supermarionation is a method invented by Gerry Anderson which assisted in his television series Thunderbirds in electronically moving the mouths of marionettes to allow for lip-synchronised speech. The marionettes were still controlled by human manipulators with strings.
Ticklebug.
A Ticklebug is a type of hand puppet created from a human hand to have four legs, where the puppet features are drawn on the hand itself. The middle finger is lifted as a head, and the thumb and forefinger serve as a first set of two legs on one side, while the ring finger and little finger serve as a second set of two legs on the opposite side.
Table top puppet.
A table top puppet is a puppet usually operated by rod or direct contact from behind, on a surface similar to a table top (hence the name). Shares many characteristics with Bunraku.
Ventriloquism dummy.
The Ventriloquist's Dummy is a puppet operated by a ventriloquist performer to focus the audience's attention from the performer's activities and heighten the illusions. They are called dummies because they do not speak on their own. The ventriloquist dummy is controlled by the one hand of the ventriloquist. Such acts aren't always performed with a traditional dummy, occasionally using other forms of puppetry.
Water puppet.
A water puppet is a Vietnamese puppet form, the "Múa rối nước". Múa rối nước literally means "puppets that dance on water", an ancient tradition that dates back to the 10th century. The puppets are built out of wood and the shows are performed in a waist-deep pool. A large rod supports the puppet under the water and is used by the puppeteers to control them. The appearance is of the puppets moving over the water. When the rice fields would flood, the villagers would entertain each other using this puppet form.
The water also provides the best setting for the puppeteers' theme: day-to-day village life. Water puppets bring wry humor to scenes of farming, fishing, festival events such as buffalo fights, and children's games of marbles and coin-toss. Fishing turns into a game of wits between the fisherman and his prey, with the fisherman getting the short end (often capturing his surprised neighbor by mistake). Besides village life, scenes include legends and national history. Lion dogs romp like puppies while dragons exhale smoke and shoot sprays of water at the audience. Performances of up to 18 short scenes are usually introduced by a pig-tailed bumpkin known as Teu, and accompanied by a small folk orchestra.
Object Puppet.
Not all forms of puppetry need specially created items to puppet. Object Puppets can be created with found everyday objects either assembled in advance or during performance. Señor Wences was a Spanish ventriloquist who became popular through his appearances on the American program "The Ed Sullivan Show". His characters included Johnny (a face drawn on his hand) and Pedro (a gruff head in a box) who would talk when Wences opened the box. Similarly, chinface puppetry involves puppet features drawn or attached onto an upside-down chin.
Motekar Puppet.
Motekar Puppet or Wayang Motekar is a kind of shadow puppet theater, or in Sundanese, Javanese, and Indonesia in general known as 'wayang (kulit),' (leather) puppet.
However, the difference, if the shadow puppets or like all forms of shadow puppet in general show performances in the form of a shadow (silhouette) of the black color, while Motekar Puppet have discovered a new technique so that the shadow of puppets can be performed with full color. That is because the basic principle Motekar Puppet using plastic materials, dyes transparent and special light system and a special screen.
The show of Motekar Puppet uses a form of puppet and light highlighted as wayang kulit. The play is performed by one or several puppeteers, features music, singer, and a series of dances.
Non-puppetry related usages of the word.
The word "puppet" can mean a political leader installed, supported and controlled by more powerful forces, without legitimacy in the country itself. In modern times, this usually implies no democratic mandate from the country's electorate; in earlier times, it could have meant a monarch imposed from outside, who was not a member of a country's established ruling dynasty, and/or unrecognised by its nobility. "Puppet government", "puppet regime" and "puppet state" are derogatory terms for a government which is in charge of a region or country, but only through being installed, supported and controlled by a more powerful outside government (see Quisling).
In a more general sense, a puppet is any person who is controlled by another by reasons of (for instance) undue influence, intellectual deficiency, or lack of character or charisma. Science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein's novel "The Puppet Masters" depicts alien parasites who attach themselves to human beings and control their actions.
Poppet, a word that sounds similar, is sometimes a term of endearment, similar to "love", "pet", "doll" or "dear". It alludes to folk-magic and witchcraft, where a poppet is a special doll created to represent a person for the purpose of casting healing, fertility, or binding spells.

</doc>
<doc id="21468482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468482" title="UmJammer Lammy">
UmJammer Lammy

Plot.
The game revolves around a shy lamb named Lammy, a left-handed guitarist of a rock band named MilkCan, alongside bassist and vocalist Katy Kat and drummer Ma-san. Although normally a nervous wreck, Lammy becomes much more confident once she has a guitar in hand. On the night before MilkCan is due for their first concert, Lammy has a dream of performing alongside Chop Chop Master Onion, only to realise she had been playing a vacuum cleaner the entire time. As Lammy laments how she is nothing without her guitar, Chop Chop tells her about how he lost his dojo, but it remains in his mind, complete with a casino, leaving behind the words "Dojo, Casino, It's all in the mind."
Lammy wakes up and realises she only has 15 minutes to get to her concert, she is blocked off by a fire. As the Chief Puddle attempts to get Lammy to help put out the fire since she's in a hurry, Lammy notices a billboard for a casino. Recalling Chop Chop's words, Lammy pictures her fire hose as a guitar and gains the confidence she usually has whilst playing. After putting out the fire, Lammy is rewarded with some pizza but eats too much that she is mistaken as a pregnant lady by Nurse Cathy Piller. Upon realising she wasn't actually pregnant, Cathy forces Lammy to help put all the newborns to sleep. It isn't long before Lammy has to help the schizophrenic Captain Fussenpepper pilot a plane to safety. Accidentally leaving her guitar on the plane upon leaving, Lammy goes to build a new one from scratch with the help from a beaver named Paul Chuck. Upon leaving with the guitar however, Lammy slips on a banana peel and dies, winding up in hell. After being dragged into performing in a concert for idol Teriyaki Yoko, Lammy manages to earn the right to be brought back to life, but not before running into her evil twin, Rammy. Lammy finally arrives at the concert at the same time as Katy and Ma-san, who had their own set of circumstances causing them to run late. With the band together, MilkCan go ahead and perform their concert before their adoring fans.
In Parappa's side-story, Katy asks Parappa, PJ Berri and Sunny Funny to help prepare for her live concert. This inspires Parappa and PJ to start up their own rock and roll band, which kind of falls short due to PJ's idea of what's considered 'rock and roll'.
Gameplay.
"UmJammer Lammy" follows on from the gameplay of "PaRappa the Rapper", albeit with a stronger focus on guitar playing. Each of the levels sees Lammy playing alongside a teacher, with play alternating between the teacher and Lammy. Symbols appear on a scrolling score at the top of the screen, with an icon depicting whose turn it is. After the teacher sings a line and the player's controller vibrates, the player must hit the corresponding buttons to make Lammy play a response. The player can either follow the symbols exactly, or attempt to freestyle to earn some extra points. Successfully performing freestyle lines will allow the player to advance from the normal Good rank to Cool, in which the teacher leaves the screen and the player can freestyle however they feel until the end of the song, or if their freestyling isn't good enough, they return to Good. If the player successfully inputs a code displayed on the loading screen whilst in Cool Mode, they will enter Fever Mode where massive points can be earned. However, if the player performs badly, they will drop to Bad and subsequently Awful rank, and will need to perform well to climb back up to Good. The song is failed if the player drops below Awful, or if the player is in Bad or Awful rank when the level ends. The player progresses by reaching the end of the song in either Good or Cool rank.
There are two levels of difficulty: Normal is the default level, as pictured, with specific buttons to press and saving after each level. Easy is a practice level for stages 1–6, where any button can be pressed on the line, but there is no option to save.
In Lammy's storyline, starting stages 3 onward unlocks various sound morphers (Flanger, Harmonizer, Wah-Wah, Distortion, and Reverb) that can be selected with the Select button whilst playing as Lammy or Rammy. These morphers affect the sound of the guitar playing, while the Harmonizer can be further modified by using an analogue controller. The player may also use the back shoulder buttons (L2 and R2) to use the guitar's wammy bar. These modifiers are completely optional as they have no impact on points gained.
At the beginning of the game, the only mode available is Lammy's Solo mode. After clearing a level with Lammy (except Stage 1), the player unlocks Co-op and Vs. modes for Lammy and Rammy. These modes can be played with a second player, or one player with a computer partner (with the option to use one controller for both available after completing all Co-op levels), controlling Lammy (purple line) and Rammy (black line) with play alternating between the two. In Co-op mode, the two players must play harmoniously to progress, with points and rank changes determined by how well they both performed (e.g. if Player 1 performs slightly well on a line but Player 2 performs really badly on the next, the result will be a negative score and a rank drop.) Conversely in Vs. mode, players must try to outperform each other, with points earned or depleted depending on the differences between each player's scores for each set of lines. Completing Lammy's solo mode also unlocks Parappa's Solo mode, in which players control Parappa as he uses rap skills in his own interpretations of each of the stages. Clearing his mode unlocks more two player modes in which Player 1 plays as Lammy whilst Player 2 plays as Parappa.
Clearing all of the levels in all the modes unlocks a bonus mode where players can listen to the various songs, without the riffs or raps, and the characters on screen can perform actions with the face buttons.
Release.
Arcade version.
The arcade version of the game, entitled Um Jammer Lammy: NOW! is played using a unique guitar controller. The buttons for Triangle, Circle, X and Square are represented by strummers in the middle of the guitar, the L button is represented by a slider at the top of the guitar, and a scratch disc at the bottom represents the R button. The gameplay is identical to the console version, albeit some of the game's lines are changed to make it easier to play with the guitar controller. Also, unlike the console version, Stage 1 can be played as Parappa.
North American version.
Several changes were made for the game's North American release, which are not found in the Japanese and PAL versions of the game. The most notable change revolves around Stage 6, where Lammy no longer dies and goes to Hell, but instead snags her pants on a door handle and winds up on a volcanic island. This results in some different graphics for Lammy during this stage, as well as the following cutscene, as well as a slight change in lyrics in Stage 1 for continuity. Lyrics were also changed in various stages, such as references to the devil and chopping trees down for fun.
Music.
A single release of one of the game's songs, "Got to Move! (Millenium Girl)", was released in Japan on April 21, 1999. Three soundtracks inspired by the game have been released in Japan by SPE Visual Works. The game's original soundtrack was released on November 20, 1999. An album, "MilkCan, Make It Sweet" was released on June 19, 1999, which features variations on the original songs, the majority of which feature vocals by Michelle Burks as Katy Kat. Finally, "Parappa & PJ: I Scream!", which features remixed versions of the game's songs with original lyrics performed by Dred Foxx as Parappa, was released on September 22, 1999.
Reception.
The game was given generally favorable reviews, receiving around an 82.68% on GameRankings. GameSpot's Jeff Gerstmann commented on the game's sound, graphics and originality and gave it an 8.4, stating, "While the game isn't a strict sequel, it does take place in the same universe, with the same graphics style and nearly identical gameplay. ... additional levels, the two-player option, and the inclusion of the Parappa remixes in Um Jammer Lammy add a value that Parappa the Rapper simply can't touch. But keep in mind that the game doesn't stray far from the formula, and the game's difficulty will put off those who never mastered Parappa. So, to put it another way, if you didn't play Parappa to death and love every minute of it, you might as well skip out on Um Jammer Lammy." Similarly, IGN gave it an 8.6 and commented on the gameplay, story, graphics and sound, stating, "If you can look past all the crazy effects and wild animations, the plot isn't as funny, or as cute, as Parappa the Rapper's. In fact, it was kind of bland. ... But the rest of the game is sweet. ... Um Jammer Lammy is a great addition to the Parappa cosmos... [and has so much more that Parappa didn't have." Game Revolution also gave it a B, calling it "a cool game, if for no other reason than to entertain sufficiently inebriated party guests. It's easily the most insane mish-mash of psychadelia yet seen on a console, and at least deserves a shot (or the whole bottle, even)", but criticized the story, calling it "the most obtuse, disjointed, drug-induced mess of a story that has ever been conceived, period." (The site even went so far as to rate the game as #40 on the list of the Top 50 Worst Game Names Ever.)
The alternate U.S. version of Lammy's Stage 6, however, drew mixed praise and criticism. IGN called it "a far off island has that Japan-idol-talk influence... So if you were expecting to see one of the levels being in hell, well, it's not in there." Similarly, GameSpot's Gerstmann made a later update on his March 26, 1999, review by commenting on the U.S. alterations to Stage 6, exclaiming, "It doesn't really affect the game too much, since much of the game doesn't make a lot of sense to begin with." Game Vortex, however, criticized the alteration, calling it "the only unfortunate thing" and stating "Did I miss some logical leap? I think our kids can handle such a basic concept as Hell."
The game won E3 1999 Game Critics Awards in the categories "Best Puzzle/Trivia/Parlor Game" and "Outstanding Achievement in Sound".

</doc>
<doc id="21468489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468489" title="Agglomeration community of Annemasse – Les Voirons">
Agglomeration community of Annemasse – Les Voirons

The agglomeration community Annemasse - Les Voirons is an intercommunal structure located in Haute-Savoie, France. It consists of the town Annemasse and 11 neighbouring communes. It is located at the Swiss border, east of Geneva, between the mountains Salève and Voirons.
History.
In 1966, the communes of Ambilly, Annemasse, Etrembières, Gaillard, Ville-la-Grand and Vétraz-Monthoux formed the "syndicat intercommunal à vocations multiples" of the Annemasse agglomeration. This cooperation became a communauté de communes on January 1, 2002. The "communauté de communes" of the Annemasse agglomeration and the "communauté de communes" of the Voirons merged to form the present agglomeration community in 2007.
Politics.
Communitary council.
The conseil is composed of 79 delegates of municipal councils of member communes.

</doc>
<doc id="21468496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468496" title="National Trust Party (Iran)">
National Trust Party (Iran)

National Trust Party (), also translated as National Confidence Party, is an Iranian political party based on reformist and populist message. NTP was established in 2005 by former Parliament speaker Mehdi Karroubi following his controversial defeat in 2005 presidential election. The party also publishes a newspaper of the same name ("Etemad-e Melli"), which was banned by the Iranian judiciary on August 16, 2009 after the newspaper reported Karroubi's claims that some election protesters were raped while in custody.

</doc>
<doc id="21468502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468502" title="The alt.sessions">
The alt.sessions

the alt.sessions is a Canadian television series, capturing bands playing alternative versions of their songs in a unique and meaningful setting. It was launched on aux.tv, a Canadian music website, and BiteTV, a digital cable channel, in late 2008 and currently airs on both.
The show aims to profile new and emerging artists in alternative rock, hip hop, indie rock, alternative country and other genres.

</doc>
<doc id="21468511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468511" title="PaRappa the Rapper">
PaRappa the Rapper

The game spawned a merchandising campaign in Japan, a spinoff in 1999, a TV series in 2001, and a direct sequel for PlayStation 2 in the same year. A PlayStation Portable port of the original game was released in Japan and Korea in December 2006 and in North America and Europe in July 2007.
Gameplay.
"PaRappa the Rapper" is a music game in which the main character, Parappa, must make his way through each of the game's six stages by rapping. Each stage constantly alternates between the stage's teacher and Parappa. As the teacher raps, a bar at the top of the screen will appear, showing symbols that match up to the teacher's lyrics. The player must then make Parappa rap in response to the teacher by pressing the buttons with the correct timing to match the teacher's line.
During gameplay, a "U Rappin'" meter determines the player's performance, ranking it as Awful, Bad, Good and Cool. By consistently staying on beat, players will stay in the Good ranking. If the player performs a bad line, a lower ranking will flash, and if the players performs badly twice in a row, he will drop to Bad, followed by Awful. To retain a higher ranking, the player must play well twice in a row to move up a rank. To clear a stage, the player must have a Good ranking by the end of the song. If the player ends the song on a Bad or Awful ranking, or if he drops below Awful ranking at any point in the song, they will fail the song and have to start over. After the game has been cleared once, the player can attempt to achieve a Cool ranking. This is achieved by freestyling in a manner different to the predetermined lyric. If the player performs a successfully impressive freestyle when the Cool rank is flashing, they will enter Cool mode. In this mode, the teacher will leave the stage, allowing the player to rap freely and earn some large points. If the freestyling fails to impress twice in a row, the teacher will return and gameplay will resume in the Good ranking. Ending the stage with a Cool rank often results in a special level ending, and clearing all stages on Cool Mode unlocks a bonus mode featuring Katy Kat and Sunny Funny.
Rank-changing aspects of a level are only apparent during the first of every two lines. If the player successfully times the first line of a pair, but fails on the second, the rank meter will not blink Bad or Awful. Likewise, once the game has been cleared, a Good play is only necessary on the first of every two lines to get a shot at Cool mode on the second line..
Plot.
The player takes on the role of Parappa, a paper-thin rapping dog, who is trying to win the heart of a flower-like girl named Sunny Funny. However, he is intimidated by the presence of Joe Chin, a rich, narcissistic dog who goes overboard with his attempts to impress Sunny. To impress Sunny Funny, PaRappa learns to fight at a kung-fu dojo, and takes a driver's education course to get his license. However, when he crashes his dad's car, he has to earn money at a flea market to pay for it. When Sunny's birthday comes up, Parappa has to get cake, but ends up ruining it after an encounter with Joe. He makes a new one by watching a cooking show and proceeds to eat a lot of it on the day. When spending some time alone with Sunny, he is suddenly overcome with the need to go to the bathroom and has to rap against his former teachers to get to the front of the queue. Then one night, Parappa is invited to Club Fun, and asks Sunny to go with him, to which she agrees. Parappa then raps on stage with everybody, rapping solo at the end of the song and expressing his feelings for Sunny.
Development.
The unique visual style is that of Rodney Greenblat, an American graphic artist who is popular in Japan. Similar to the Paper Mario series by Nintendo, all of the characters appear to be two-dimensional beings cut from paper while the surroundings are primarily three-dimensional. On his website, Greenblat remembers that the idea to make the characters flat was Matsurra's idea, after creating a mock-up with characters from Greenblat's Dazzeloids CD-ROM. While the setting is a bright interpretation of an urban city, the characters range from anthropomorphic animals such as frogs, spiders, and dogs, to lively versions of normally inanimate objects including onions, hammers, and flowers.
PSP version.
"PaRappa the Rapper" was released for PlayStation Portable in Japan in December 2006 and in North America and Europe in July 2007 for the game's tenth anniversary. It is a port of the original game with an added ad hoc multiplayer mode for up to four players and an ability to download remixed versions of the existing songs. However, it does not fix some of the faults of the previous game, such as missync in lipsync or the rank meter. In conjunction with the PSP release, Sony, for a limited time, freely released the soundtrack for the game through the PSP Fanboy website.
In a 2008 Famitsu interview, Masaya Matsuura revealed that a bonus song created for the PSP release, "Believe in Yourself," was cut due to development time constraints. The song featured Parappa training with Chop Chop Master Onion at a Buddhist temple on top of a mountain.
Reception and legacy.
"PaRappa the Rapper" sold 761,621 copies in Japan by 1997, making it the 7th best-selling game of the year in that region. As of 26 December 2004, the original version of the game has sold 937,976 copies in Japan, while its PlayStation the Best re-release has sold 306,261 copies meaning it has sold nearly 1.4 Million copies total.
At the first annual Interactive Achievement Awards in 1998, "PaRappa the Rapper" won the awards for "Outstanding Achievement in Interactive Design" and "Outstanding Achievement in Sound and Music", and was nominated for "Interactive Title of the Year". In the final issue of the Official UK PlayStation Magazine, the game was chosen as the 3rd best game of all time.
The game was featured as a challenge on the videogame show "GamesMaster" in 1998, where the contestants, a team of two people, were given an extra-large controller to make the game harder. The size of the buttons was that of the palm of a hand. A sketch based on the game was featured in the Adult Swim show "Robot Chicken".
Sequels and spin-offs.
"PaRappa the Rapper" is regarded as the first "modern" popular rhythm game. It was followed by a spin-off titled "UmJammer Lammy", which was released on 18 March 1999 in Japan. The game featured a new cast of characters, multiplayer modes and focused on guitar play, but very similar game play. A bonus mode was included in which the entire game could be replayed with Parappa as the protagonist, complete with his own versions of the game's stages. An arcade version of the game produced by Namco was also released.
A direct sequel, "PaRappa the Rapper 2", was released on 30 August 2001 for the PlayStation 2. The franchise has spawned a large range of merchandising and a children's anime TV series of the same name, which aired on Fuji TV in Japan between April and September 2001.
Parappa also appears as a playable character in "PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale". His play style revolves around using his Karate taught to him by Master Onion as well as moves inspired by his love of music and skateboarding.
Rodney Greenblat, the man responsible for PaRappa's art style, was asked about PaRappa being a playable fighter in PlayStation All-Stars Brawl. Greenblat was happy to see Parappa return to video games, but he was not happy to see him in a violent game. "I’m very happy that Parappa is making a bit of a comeback, but not so happy about him being in a weapon filled battle game. Actually the Battle Royal game is fun, and I have to do what I can to get Parappa back in the game scene. My hope is that Sony realizes the golden true potential of Parappa and asks me to design some new games. I’ve learned a lot, and I think Parappa could be great again," said Greenblat.
In November of 2013, it was reported that a Sony insider leaked details about PaRappa the Rapper 3 for the PlayStation 4 and the PlayStation Vita.
Dred Foxx (the voice actor of the titular character) created a Facebook campaign which intended to convince Sony to create a new entry for the "PaRappa the Rapper" series.

</doc>
<doc id="21468515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468515" title="Red House Painters">
Red House Painters

Red House Painters was an alternative rock group formed in 1989 in San Francisco, California by singer-songwriter Mark Kozelek.
History.
While in Atlanta, Georgia, Ohio-born Kozelek became friends with Anthony Koutsos, a drummer. He then moved to San Francisco, California, adding guitarist Gorden Mack and bassist Jerry Vessel to complete the line-up for Red House Painters. After forming, the group played the San Francisco scene extensively, and recorded demos from 1989 to 1992. The band were signed to 4AD in 1992, on the strength of a demo tape passed to 4AD boss Ivo Watts-Russell by American Music Club frontman Mark Eitzel.
Between September 1992 and March 1995, the band released three LPs, one double LP, and one EP. Their first 4AD release was an album made up of demos entitled "Down Colorful Hill". In 1993, the group came out with two self-titled records (now commonly referred to as "Rollercoaster" and "Bridge" because of their cover artwork).
In early 1994, they released an EP entitled "Shock Me", featuring two cover versions of an Ace Frehley-written KISS song. The introspective "Ocean Beach" followed in spring 1995. Founding guitarist Gorden Mack left shortly after the album's release, and he was replaced shortly thereafter by Phil Carney.
While Kozelek was beginning work on a solo project, he parted ways with 4AD after a tumultuous relationship, so "Songs for a Blue Guitar" was eventually released on Island Records subsidiary Supreme Recordings/Polygram in summer 1996. The album featured lengthy guitar jams and cover songs, and was the band's biggest seller in the U.S. By early 1998, their sixth album was completed. However, the band was beginning to dissolve, and major label mergers during the late 1990s would leave the record in limbo; it was not until 2001 that "Old Ramon" was issued on the Sub Pop label.
Dissolution and post-breakup.
Prior to the release of "Old Ramon", Kozelek released a solo seven-song EP entitled "Rock 'n' Roll Singer" in 2000. The record consisted of three original acoustic compositions with minor full-band arrangements and four covers (three from Bon Scott-era AC/DC, and John Denver's "Around and Around") that further revealed Kozelek's fascination with 1970s classic rock. Six months later, Kozelek released his first solo album, "What's Next to the Moon", which was made up entirely of acoustic covers of even more Bon Scott-era AC/DC songs, including re-recorded versions of the tracks that had appeared on the previous EP. The record was uncharacteristic of Kozelek (though he was prone to covering songs by his favorite artists) in that it is one of the shortest full-length albums of his to date, clocking in at just over thirty minutes. Both the EP and album were released by Badman Recordings.
4AD would release the best-of package, "Retrospective", in July 1999. Kozelek subsequently contributed to the AIDS benefit album "The Shanti Project Collection", and organized and appeared on "Take Me Home: A Tribute to John Denver", a John Denver tribute album (along with like-minded artists like Bonnie 'Prince' Billy, Low, and The Innocence Mission). He also dabbled in acting, playing small parts in the Cameron Crowe films "Almost Famous" and "Vanilla Sky", as well as appearing more prominently as a rock musician alongside Jason Schwartzman in the 2005 Steve Martin vehicle "Shopgirl".
Phil Carney occasionally accompanies Kozelek on tour dates, playing second guitar. Drummer Anthony Koutsos is also a real estate agent in San Francisco.
Sun Kil Moon.
In 2003, Kozelek and Koutsos, along with Geoff Stanfield and Tim Mooney, reformed as Sun Kil Moon, releasing the acclaimed album "Ghosts of the Great Highway" on Jetset Records. In a 2005 interview with "The Onion"'s AV Club, Kozelek confirmed that he considered Sun Kil Moon essentially a continuation of Red House Painters, but that he changed the band name to grab the interest of critics who had got bored with, or stopped paying attention to, his previous band. The move was successful, as "Ghosts of the Great Highway" would be his best-selling album yet.

</doc>
<doc id="21468529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468529" title="Choice model simulation">
Choice model simulation

Although the concept choice models is widely understood and practiced these days, it is often difficult to acquire hands-on knowledge in simulating choice models. While many stat packages provide useful tools to simulate, researchers attempting to test and simulate new choice models with data often encounter problems from as simple as scaling parameter to misspecification. This article goes beyond simply defining discrete choice models. Rather, it aims at providing a comprehensive overview of how to simulate such models in computer.
Defining choice set.
When a researcher has some consumer choice data in his/her hand and tries to construct a choice model and simulate it against the data, he/she needs to first define a choice set. A Choice Set in discrete choice models is defined to be finite, exhaustive, and mutually exclusive.
For instance, consider households' choice of how many laptops to own. The researcher can define the choice set depending on the nature of the data and the interpretation they wish to draw, as long as it satisfies three properties mentioned above. Some examples of choice sets that meet the categories are the following:
Defining consumer utility.
Suppose a student is trying to decide which pub he/she should go for a beer after his/her last final exam. Suppose there are two pubs in the town of the college: an Irish pub and an American pub. The researcher wishes to predict which pub he/she will choose based on the price (P) of beer and the distance (D) to each pub, assuming they are known to the researcher. Then, the consumer utilities for choosing the Irish pub and the American pub can be defined:
where formula_3 captures unobserved variables that affect consumer utilities.
Defining choice probabilities.
Once the consumer utilities have been specified, the researcher can derive choice probabilities. Namely, the probability of the student choosing the Irish pub over the American pub is 
Denoting the observed portion of the utility function as V,
In the end, discrete choice modeling comes down to specifying the distribution of formula_3 (or formula_7) and solving the integral over the range of formula_3 to calculate formula_9. Extending this to more general situations with
The choice probability of consumer "n" choosing "j" can be written as
for all "i" other than "j"
Identification.
1. What's irrelevant
From equation (4), it's obvious that formula_11 does not change as long as the inequality in the probability argument on the right side stays the same. In other words, adding or multiplying by a constant to all formula_12 does not change the choice probably, thus no change in interpretation.
2. Alternative-specific constants
Unlike adding a constant to all the utilities, adding alternative-specific constants does alter the choice probabilities. Suppose alternative-specific constants "C""i" and "C""a"
are added to (1) and (2):
Then, depending on the value of the estimated alternative-specific constants, the choice probability may change. Also if we write the choice probability in the format of (3),
only the difference between formula_16 affects the choice probability (i.e. our estimation can only identify the difference). So it's convenient to normalize all the alternative-specific constants to one of the alternatives. If we normalize to formula_17, then we estimate the following model:
When there are more than 2 choices in the choice set, we can pick any choice i and normalize the alternative-specific constants to that choice by subtracting formula_20 from all other alternative-specific constants.
3. Sociodemographic variables
In deciding between the Irish pub and the American pub, if the researcher has access to additional sociodemographic variables such as income, they can enter the consumer utility equation in various ways. Denote the student's income as "Y". If the researcher believes that the income affects the utility linearly, then
If the researcher believes that the sociodemographic variable interacts with other variable such as price, then the utility can be written as
General models.
As mentioned earlier, calculation and justification of choice probabilities rely on the properties of the error (i.e. the unobservables) distribution function the researcher specifies. Here is the quick overview of frequently used models that each differs in specification 
1. Logit:
2. GEV (Generalized extreme value distribution)
3. Probit
4. Mixed logit

</doc>
<doc id="21468541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468541" title="Gottlieb Taschler">
Gottlieb Taschler

Gottlieb Taschler (born 21 August 1961 in Rasen-Antholz) is an Italian biathlete. He competed at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Winter Olympics.
At the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, he finished 5th in the 4 x 7.5 km relay with the Italian team. At the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, he won a bronze medal in the relay, and finished 11th in the 20 km individual. 

</doc>
<doc id="21468582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468582" title="Maurice Harvey">
Maurice Harvey

Maurice N. Harvey (born January 14, 1956 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the Denver Broncos, the Green Bay Packers, the Detroit Lions, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="21468585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468585" title="Hans Try">
Hans Try

Hans Try (1934 – 1990) was a Norwegian archivist and historian.
He hailed from Søgne. He started as an ethnologist, but later took the cand.philol. degree in history. He worked in the National Archival Services branch in Kristiansand from 1975. His main work was "To kulturer - en stat. 1851-1884", volume eleven of the overview of Norwegian history, "Norges historie", published by Cappelen and edited by Knut Mykland.
He was a deputy board member of the Norwegian Institute of Local History from 1986 to 1989 and of the Staet Museum Council from 1987 to 1990.
He died in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21468602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468602" title="Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon">
Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon

The Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon (English: Royal Cabinet of Mathematical and Physical Instruments) in Dresden, Germany, is a museum of historic clocks and scientific instruments. Its holdings include terrestrial and celestial globes, astronomical, optical and geodetic devices dating back to the 16th century, as well as historic instruments for calculating and drawing length, mass, temperature and air pressure.
The Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon is part of the Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden (State Art Collections). It is located in the Zwinger.
History.
The roots of the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon go back to the 15th century. Albert III, Duke of Saxony, established the Herzoglische Harnischkammer (ducal armour chamber) at the Duke’s residence in Dresden. Later it became the Kurfürstliche Rüst- und Harnischkammer (electoral munition and armour chamber). It was used for storing the personal, tournament and parade weapons and associated equipment of the court. 
Elector August of Saxony purposefully started to collect objects of art and for a time stored them in the munition and armour chamber. Already in the 16th century the collection had reached a similar size to that of the imperial armoury in Vienna. The elector combined the Kurfürstliche Rüst- und Harnischkammer and the Jagdkammer (hunting chamber) to the Kurfürstliche Rüstkammer (armory or electorial munition chamber). 
In 1724 the mathematical and physical instruments were separated from the armory and other collections of the elector and stored in the newly established “Königliches Cabinet der mathematischen und physikalischen Instrumente” (royal cabinet of mathematical and physical instruments). Until 1746 this was the official name of the collection which concentrated on instruments for measuring length, temperature, weight, volume and time. Since 1728 the royal cabinet can be found in the Zwinger. The first residence of the cabinet was the pavilion of the carillon in the Dresden Zwinger. In 1746 the collection was removed to a part of the building which is today called pavilion F, and is still housed there. Since that time it is called the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon. 
In 1784, an observatory was founded at the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon. For the next 150 years, the museum established the official time and was the “Greenwich” of Saxony.
Library of the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon.
The electoral library (later the regional library of Saxony) was founded in 1556. In connection to the foundation of the Königliches Cabinet der mathematischen und physikalischen Instrumente, at first, special documents corresponding to the objects in the collection were stored. Additionally, some standard works to the topics of the collection and similar topics were bought. In connection with the foundation of the observatory at the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon in 1784 the history of astronomy and their corresponding scientific instruments were the main focus for the further improvement of the library. During the middle part of the 19th century, purposeful purchase of literature led to a continuous enlargement of the library. Also, the collection was increased by the addition of books on the topics of history of time measurement, calculation machines and optical and physical instruments. Additionally, a lot of donations were made which add to the amount of literature included today. 
World War II affected the collection and the library of the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon. Many objects and texts were removed to castles and manors of the Third Reich. Precious prints from the older inventory of the library were lost. After the reconstruction of the Zwinger at the beginning of the 1950s, the library went back to its previous home there. 
Currently, the inventory of the library contains 896 monographs of which 25 are from the 17th century. 91 monographs are from the 18th century and 779 from the 19th century.
Collection.
The Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon accommodates one of the most significant collections of around 3,000 clocks and fine mechanical instruments. Some of the collection’s highlights are the Arabic celestial globe of 1279, a calculating machine of around 1650 once belonging to Blaise Pascal and the orbit clock manufactured in the 1560s by order of the court of Dresden.
Today's presentation.
After a general reconstruction of the Zwinger, the museum has been reopened April 14, 2013. The new exhibition presents about 500 historical scientific instruments. They are shown in four chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="21468639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468639" title="Shurrab family">
Shurrab family

The Shurrab family is a family in Khan Younis and Gaza in the Palestinian territories, which had 2 members killed by the Israel Defense Forces on 16 January 2009 during the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict. A son, Amer Shurrab, attended Middlebury College in Vermont, United States and is a member of Seeds of Peace, an international conflict resolution organization based in the United States. Muhammad Shurrab (64) was injured and his two of his sons, Kassab Shurrab (27) and Ibrahim Shurrab (17) were killed during a "lull" in the fighting. A service was held at Middlebury on 29 January for the Shurrab family. The family's story was told on the floor of the United States Senate by Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy.

</doc>
<doc id="21468651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468651" title="Qiao Ya">
Qiao Ya

Qiao Ya (; born January 10, 1977) is a retired Chinese artistic gymnast. She was the 1994 Asian Games All-Around Champion, a finalist on balance beam at the 1994 and 1995 World Gymnastics Championships, and competed at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta - where she placed 11th in the individual All-Around and 4th with the team during Team Finals.
Despite a disappointing showing at the 1994 American Cup, Qiao began her international career on a high: beating her more widely known teammate, Mo Huilan, to the individual All-Around title at the 1994 Asian Games. At these championships Qiao also placed first with her team and finished with a bronze medal on balance beam.
At the 1994 World Championships Qiao had moderate success - finishing 10th in the individual all-around and making the balance beam final. She qualified for the beam final in 4th place and was one of the favourites to challenge America's Shannon Miller for the title but took a fall during the final on her tumbling run (a back-handspring to two layout somersaults), and ultimately finished in 7th place.
In 1995 Qiao competed at the 1995 World Championships - where the team took second place behind 1994 World Champions Romania. The Chinese team actually scored the highest in the Team Optionals portion of the competition but their disappointing scores during the Compulsories round (where they were weak on vault and bars) prevented them from taking first place. During the team competition she did not compete on all four events and so did not qualify for the individual All-Around final. She did however qualify for the beam final (for the 2nd consecutive year) but a balance break at the beginning of the routine (a difficult round off to layout step-out mount onto the beam) resulted in an 8th place finish.
Qiao also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. After their impressive showing at the 1995 Worlds many gymnastics fans and experts expected the Chinese to challenge the United States, Romania and Russia for the team title. However the team did not compete well during both the Compulsories and Team Optional exercises and finished the competition in 4th place, just ahead of Ukraine but a long way behind America (1st), Russia (2nd) and Romania (3rd). Qiao qualified for the all-around final in 29th place and ultimately finished 11th in that competition. Having scored a 9.725 on beam, a 9.675 on floor and 9.718 on vault she looked set to finish in the Top 8 but a disappointing set on bars (traditionally her weakest piece) where she scored only a 9.600 dropped her out of the Top 10 altogether.
Qiao retired from competitive gymnastics shortly after the 1996 Olympics and is now coaching in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="21468654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468654" title="Harry Welchonce">
Harry Welchonce

Harry Monroe "Welch" Welchonce (November 20, 1883 – February 26, 1977) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Welchonce played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In 26 games, Welchonce had 14 hits in 66 at-bats, with a .212 batting average. He batted left and threw right-handed. In 1916, he was the player/manager of the Dallas Giants in the Texas League.
Welchonce was born in North Point, Pennsylvania and died in Arcadia, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21468659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468659" title="List of The Dukes episodes">
List of The Dukes episodes

This is a list of episodes from the cartoon series "The Dukes" based on "The Dukes of Hazzard". The first season took place during the period of the live-action show's replacement of the original actors with similar characters, Coy and Vance Duke, after the actors playing Bo and Luke walked out over a dispute about royalties. Thus, the first season of this animated series featured Coy and Vance. Bo and Luke eventually replaced Coy and Vance in Season 2 Episode 1 (14): "Boss O'Hogg and the Little People."
Season 2.
Starting in the very first episode of this season, Tom Wopat and John Schneider return as Luke and Bo in the regular Dukes of Hazzard show, and take over for Coy and Vance in the cartoon.

</doc>
<doc id="21468680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468680" title="Reggie Jones (cornerback, born 1969)">
Reggie Jones (cornerback, born 1969)

Reginald Moore Jones is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="21468724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468724" title="Strategic Technology Plan">
Strategic Technology Plan

A strategic technology plan is a specific type of strategy plan that lets an organization know where they are now and where they want to be some time in the future with regard to the technology and infrastructure in their organisation. It often consists of the following sections.
Components of strategic technology plan.
Mission, vision statement.
A mission statement describes the overall purpose of the organization.
An example of a mission statement:
A vision statement describes what the organization stands for, what it believes in, and why it exists. It describes a desired outcome, invoking a vivid mental picture of the company's goal.
An example of a vision statement:
Needs assessment.
A needs assessment is a systematic exploration of the way things are and the way they should be. These things are usually associated with organizational and/or individual performance.
A needs assessment describes: teaching and learning, integration of technology with curricula and instruction, educator preparation and development, administration and support services, infrastructure for technology.
Curriculum integration
When evaluating your needs, consider:
Professional development
When evaluating your needs, consider:
Equitable use of technology
When evaluating your needs, consider:
Infrastructure for technology
When evaluating your needs, consider:
Administrative needs
When evaluating your needs, consider:
Stakeholders consist of:
Technology initiative descriptions, goal statement and rationale.
In order for technology to be effective, it must be tied to leadership, core visions, professional development, time, and assessment. The following goals are statement of ways with regard to its use of technology:
Objectives (measurable and observable).
The objectives are tied to the mission and vision statements. Each goal has objectives and indicators. The objectives state in specific and measurable terms what must be accomplished in order to reach the larger goal.
The Technology plan splits the objectives into categories:
Hardware, software, and facility resource requirement.
Only by having the proper equipment can staff development take place. Effective technology plans should not just focus on the technology but also the applications. This will provide teachers and administration with the information on what they should be able to do with the technology. Professional development is the most important elements in implementing technology into the classroom. Teachers must be able to have strategies to change the way they teach and integrate new technology. They only way to do this is to provide the hardware, software and the training. Teachers and administrators should be able to use a variety of technology applications such as: the Internet, video cameras, iPods, and multimedia presentations.
Instructional resource requirement and staff development plan.
In order for an organization to fulfill it mission and goals, it is important that all staff be provided with the necessary support and training opportunities to enable them to undertake their roles to the highest standard. The plan will provide training and educational opportunities for professional and personal development to relate to educational activities. Professional development is a key focus of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001. The law requires enhancing education through technology entitlement funds be directed toward professional development that is ongoing and high quality.
Itemized budget and rational, evaluation method, and funding.
In the strategic plan there is an itemized budget, evaluation method, and funding source/amount/timeline. The itemized budget is broken down into the years of the plan. Money is divided up into amounts that will be used for each year. The evaluation method collects data and disaggregates it to determine the outcomes.

</doc>
<doc id="21468737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468737" title="Pat Ryan (Cork hurler)">
Pat Ryan (Cork hurler)

Patrick "Pat" Ryan (born 23 July 1976) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
Ryan made his first appearance for the team during the 1998 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2002 championship. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute, two Munster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
At club level Ryan was a two-time county club championship medalist with Sarsfield's.
In retirement from playing Ryan became involved in team management and coaching.
Playing career.
Club.
Ryan played his club hurling with Sarsfield's and enjoyed much success during a lengthy career.
In 2008 Sarsfield's reached the final of the club championship, with Ryan lining out in his second decider. Bride Rovers provided the opposition, however, a narrow 2-14 to 2-13 score line secured victory for Sarsfield's. Ryan, who played a key role at midfield picked up a coveted championship medal.
After surrendering their title in a shock defeat to Newtownshandrum in 2009, Sarsfield's were back in a third successive championship decider the following year. Glen Rovers provided the opposition, however, Sarsfield's secured a narrow 1-17 to 0-18 victory at the death. It was Ryan's second championship medal.
Inter-county.
Ryan's slill at club championship level brought him to the attentions of the Cork inter-county selectors and he was soon picked for the county under-21 panel. In 1996 he won his first Munster minor winners' medal, albeit as a non-playing substitute, as Cork trounced Clare on a score line of 3-16 to 2-7. Cork, however, fell in the All-Ireland semi-final against Galway. 
In 1997 Ryan added a second Munster under-21 medal to his collection, this time on the field of play, when Tipperary were defeated by a single point. It took a late goal by Timmy McCarthy to secure a 1-11 to 0-13 victory. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Cork take on Galway. Cork were victorious on that occasion on a score line of 3-11 to 0-13 giving Ryan a coveted All-Ireland under-21 winners' medal in his last year on the team. 
Ryan's move onto the Cork senior team was a natural progression. In 1998 he tasted success at senior level for the first time as Cork defeated Waterford to take the National Hurling League title. It was a welcome return to the big time for Cork; however, success in the championship was slow in coming. 
Ryan lined out in both of Cork's championship games in 1998, however, in 1999 he returned to the substitutes' bench. That year Cork reached their first Munster final since 1992. Clare, the team that had won three of the last four provincial titles, together with two All-Ireland titles, provided the opposition and were very much the favourites going into the game. An exciting contest unfolded with Ryan coming on as a substitute. A score line of 1-15 to 0-14 gave Cork the victory and gave Ryan his first senior Munster title. Cork later defeated Offaly in one of the games of the year to set up an All-Ireland final meeting with arch-rivals Kilkenny. Ryan, however, remained on the subs' bench for that game. A wet and windy day meant that the classic game that everyone expected failed to materialise. Both sides shot seventeen wides over the course of the seventy minutes as a young and inexperienced Cork came back from five points down to win by 0-13 to 0-12. It was Cork’s first senior All-Ireland title since 1990 and the victory gave Ryan an All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute. 
In 2000 Cork were the favourites to retain their All-Ireland title. The team got off to a good start by retaining their Munster title, however, Tipperary put up a good fight. Ryan collected a second provincial winners' medal as Cork won by 0-23 to 3-12. Cork’s next game was an All-Ireland semi-final meeting with Offaly. While Cork were expected to win the game without breaking a sweat Offaly caught Cryan's side on the hop and recorded a 0-19 to 0-15 win.
While the Cork hurling team should have gone from strength to strength as a result of a solid foundation at minor and under-21 levels the opposite happened. Embarrassing defeats in 2001 and 2002 saw the Cork hurling team reach rock bottom and call a players' strike just before Christmas in 2002. When the strike was resolved a new team emerged in 2003, however, Ryan was not included bringing his inter-county involvement to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="21468739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468739" title="Tyrone Legette">
Tyrone Legette

Tyrone Christopher Legette (born January 15, 1970 in Columbia, South Carolina) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the New Orleans Saints, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="21468741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468741" title="Bjørn Slettan">
Bjørn Slettan

Bjørn Slettan (born 11 October 1931) is a Norwegian historian. He comes from Holum, Norway. He first took a teacher's education in Kristiansand, and later the cand.philol. degree in history at the University of Oslo. He worked as a teacher for many years, but in 1991 he was appointed as an associate professor at Agder University College, as the first faculty member in history at that institution. He retired in 1998. His main work was the third volume of the history of Mandal city, published in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21468784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468784" title="Willie Beamon">
Willie Beamon

Willie Beamon (born June 14, 1970 in Belle Glade, Florida) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="21468820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468820" title="Carl Howard">
Carl Howard

Carl Delano Howard, Jr. (born September 20, 1961 in Newark, New Jersey) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played seven seasons; for the Dallas Cowboys, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="21468830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468830" title="Gothic-Punk">
Gothic-Punk

"Gothic-Punk" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21468835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468835" title="Thor-Delta">
Thor-Delta

The Thor-Delta, also known as Delta DM-19 or just Delta was an early American expendable launch system used for 12 orbital launches in the early 1960s. A derivative of the Thor-Able, it was a member of the Thor family of rockets, and the first member of the Delta family.
The first stage was a Thor missile in the DM-19 configuration. The second stage was the Delta, which had been derived from the earlier Able stage. An Altair solid rocket motor was used as a third stage.
The Thor-Delta was the first rocket to use the combination of a Thor missile and a Delta upper stage. This configuration was reused for a large number of later rockets, and a derivative, the Delta II, remained in service into 2011.
The Thor-Delta launched a number of significant payloads, including the first communications satellite, Echo 1A; the first British satellite, Ariel 1; and the first active direct-relay communications satellite, Telstar 1. All 12 launches occurred from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 17. The launch of Telstar 1 used pad B, while all other launches were from pad A. All launches were successful except the maiden flight, which failed to place Echo 1 into orbit due a problem with the second stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21468844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468844" title="Sinopimoidae">
Sinopimoidae

The spider family Sinopimoidae consists of only one genus, with a single described species. According to Hormiga (2008), the familial status is dubious, with "S. bicolor" probably a member of Linyphiidae, possibly subfamily Erigoninae.

</doc>
<doc id="21468847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468847" title="Bahrain national beach soccer team">
Bahrain national beach soccer team

The Bahrain national beach soccer team represents Bahrain in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the BHR Football Association, the governing body for football in the Bahrain.
Bahrain qualified for the 2006 world cup as AFC Group winners, Bahrain went on to be one of the dark horses of the 2006 World Cup tournament reaching the dizzy heights of the quarter finals and beating Italy along the way.
Current squad.
Coach: Gustavo Zlocewick

</doc>
<doc id="21468851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468851" title="2004 Alaska fire season">
2004 Alaska fire season

The 2004 Alaska fire season was the worst on record in terms of area burned by wildfires in the U.S. state of Alaska. Though there were fewer fires than in 1989 when almost 1,000 were recorded, more than were burned by approximately 700 fires. The largest of these fires was the Taylor Complex Fire, which encompassed and was the largest fire in the United States from 1997 to 2007. The Boundary Fire, Wolf Creek Fire, Chatanika Fire, and a fire that enveloped the Trans-Alaska Pipeline also received notable attention from firefighting services and the media. 426 fires were started by humans and 215 by lightning.

</doc>
<doc id="21468861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468861" title="Gary Jones (American football)">
Gary Jones (American football)

Gary DeWayne Jones (born November 30, 1967 in San Augustine, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers (1990–1991, 1993–1994) and the New York Jets (1995–1996). He is currently the Defensive Backs Coach and Leadership Teacher at South Grand Prairie High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21468888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468888" title="Calvin Branch">
Calvin Branch

Calvin Stanley Branch (aka Christopher) (born May 8, 1974) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played for five seasons for the Oakland Raiders. Aced the SATs and majored in molecular biology. He works as a scout for the Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="21468908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468908" title="Disastro">
Disastro

Disastro is an album of the English singer-songwriter Sonny J.
It was released 16 June 2008 in United Kingdom, 19 August the same year in the US and was later also available on iTunes the 15th of September. The singles from the album are Can't Stop Moving" (which was later re-released as a remix by Mirwais and then reached #40 in UK #8 in Japan), "Enfant Terrible" and "Handsfree" (which reached #77 in the UK Singles Chart).

</doc>
<doc id="21468910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468910" title="WhiskerControl">
WhiskerControl

Whisker is a research control system developed within the University of Cambridge, UK, and marketed by Campden Instruments Ltd (UK) and the Lafayette Instrument Company (USA). It is implemented as a server that controls a range of physical devices (including digital switches for input and output devices such as levers and pellet dispensers, multiple monitors, sound cards, and touchscreens). The server communicates with clients via a TCP/IP network link and manages resources for them. Typically, individual clients are programs that implement tasks used in behavioural research (e.g. psychology and neuroscience), such as tasks involving operant chambers.

</doc>
<doc id="21468926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468926" title="Griffith High School (Indiana)">
Griffith High School (Indiana)

Griffith High School is a public high school located in Griffith, Indiana. It was founded in the mid-1900s after the space at the former high school, now soon to be a "YMCA", became overcrowded.

</doc>
<doc id="21468931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468931" title="Gunnar Ousland">
Gunnar Ousland

Gunnar Ousland (8 September 1877 – 29 January 1967) was a Norwegian editor, writer, trade unionist and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties. He started out as a temperance activist and trade unionist before serving as a politician and in the party press. He edited several magazines and newspapers, including an illegal newspaper during World War II. He was later one of the proponents for the Common Program, and wrote historical books.
Early life and pre-World War II career.
He was born in Halse in Vest-Agder, the youngest of 11 children of Henrik Tormundsen (1828-1998) and Gunhild Tomine Taraldsdatter (1835-1993). He finished a typographer's education in 1897 and went to Oslo, where he became a member of the typographers' union. He soon began a friendship and professional relationship with fellow typographer Ole O. Lian. In 1898 they founded the Gutenberg Lodge of the IOGT. When in 1907 Lian became chairman of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions, Ousland succeeded him as manager of the union Norsk Centralforening for Boktrykkere. Ousland acted informally as Lian's closest adviser until Lian died.
Ousland was the editor of the union magazine "Typografiske Meddelelser" 1906 and the temperance magazine "Vort Arbeide" from 1907 to 1912. In 1911 he was hired in "Social-Demokraten". He was the editor-in-chief of "Vestfold Social-Demokrat" from 1921 to 1926 and "Bergens Social-Demokrat" from 1926 to 1927, then "Bergens Arbeiderblad" from 1927 to 1939.
Ousland served as a member of Kristiania city council from 1911 to 1921, and chaired Kristiania Labour Party from 1912 to 1920. In 1921 he was hesitant to join the new party Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway, as he did not want to split the Labour Party, but he eventually did join it. He rejoined the Labour Party when the two parties merged in 1927.
Ousland stood for parliamentary election several times without succeeding. In the Norwegian parliamentary election, 1912 he stood in the single-member constituency Hammersborg with Martha Tynæs as deputy. Ousland was defeated by Conservative candidate Olaf Fredrik Rustad with 3,988 to 4,957 votes in the first round; 4,779 to 5,235 in the second. In 1918 the constituency was again carried by Rustad. This time Ousland was the deputy candidate behind Jacob Vidnes.
World War II and post-war career.
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, Ousland edited the illegal newspaper "Fri Fagbevegelse" from early 1944 to August 1944. It was published out of Drammen. He succeeded Alfred B. Skar and was succeeded by Inge Scheflo. In 1944–1945 he was one of the proponents for the Common Program. The program was given the green light by Sverre Iversen, Labour Party politician and member of Kretsen, and was made by Ousland and three bourgeois politicians, first and foremost Herman Smitt Ingebretsen. It built on the so-called "Blåboka", "The Blue Book", written by leading politician Haakon Lie in exile in England.
After the Second World War, the Common Program was manifested in Gerhardsen's First Cabinet. He wrote the book "Fellesprogrammet. Hvordan det ble til – og hvordan det blir ført ut i livet" about the Common Program in 1947, and also published several books about trade unions. His main work was "Fagorganisasjonen i Norge", about trade unions in Norway, first published in 1927. In 1949 it was expanded from one to four volumes and re-released. Ousland wrote three of the four volumes. He wrote a book about contemporary challenges, "Fagorganisasjonens problemstilling i dag" in 1946, and the union history "Norsk Treindustriarbeiderforbund 50 år" in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21468936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468936" title="Willie Clark (American football)">
Willie Clark (American football)

Willie Calvin Clark, Jr. is a former professional American football cornerback who played for the San Diego Chargers (1994–1996, 1998) and the Philadelphia Eagles (1997) in the National Football League. He currently is the Principal at Palmetto High School in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21468939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468939" title="Shrewsbury TMD">
Shrewsbury TMD

Shrewsbury TMD is a railway Traction Maintenance Depot (TMD) situated in Coleham, Shrewsbury, England. The TMD forms part of Coleham Depot, a permanent way depot operated by Network Rail. The code for the TMD is 'SB'.
Location.
The depot is situated at Sutton Bridge Junction, where the Cambrian Line connects with the Welsh Marches Line, approximately to the south of Shrewsbury railway station. The TMD was constructed in 2008 on the site of rarely used permanent way sidings - which had themselves been built on the site of the former extensive joint GWR/LNWR goods yard - as part of the ERTMS project on the Cambrian Line. The depot became the base for Network Rail 97/3s (former Class 37 locomotives) for ERTMS testing on the Cambrian Line. The locomotives arrived in 2009 (see the allocation section below).
The new maintenance depot consists of a single-road inspection shed with an additional siding to one side to run round locomotives/store additional locomotives. There is also a small gantry. The site is fenced off from the main running line adjacent to it and is connected with the adjoining permanent way depot.
Allocation.
Although not always stabled at Coleham (sometimes one or more of the 37s are stabled at other locations, including Machynlleth) the four class 97/3s which are now regularly present here are:
Abbey Foregate.
The Coleham Depot is the second location in Shrewsbury to have a depot code (since privatisation), the other being the long established Abbey Foregate Yard with 'SX'. This yard, located adjacent to Severn Bridge Junction at the southeast end of the station, is currently used for the stabling of DMUs by Arriva Trains Wales and London Midland. There are no locomotives or shunters allocated at Abbey Foregate.
History.
The original locomotive servicing depot was built on the opposite side of the tracks to the current TMD, by the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway (S&HR) in 1856, consisting of a single-road straight shed. As part of their joint-purchase of the S&HR, the Great Western Railway and the London and North Western Railway agreed to build a new six-road shed on the same site, designed using LNWR architecture principles, utilising the original S&HR shed as a wagon repair depot. In 1877 the LNWR built a new ten road shed of their own to the south of the site, closer to the running tracks. After the GWR absorbed the constituent railway companies in the area, in 1883 they built a new roundhouse to the rear/east of the existing former joint facilities, and added their own coaling stage. In 1932, the GWR demolished the old S&HR shed, and built a new steel-framed three road straight shed on the site. In 1937, the GWR renewed all roofing. The depot closed to all steam locomotives in March 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21468960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468960" title="Domain-specific multimodeling">
Domain-specific multimodeling

Domain-specific multimodeling 
is a software development paradigm where each view is made explicit as a separate domain-specific language (DSL).
Successful development of a modern enterprise system requires the convergence of multiple views. Business analysts, domain experts, interaction designers, database experts, and developers with different kinds of expertise all take part in the process of building such a system. Their different work products must be managed, aligned, and integrated to produce a running system. Every participant of the development process has a particular language tailored to solve problems specific to its view on the system. The challenge of integrating these different views and avoiding the potential cacophony of multiple different languages is "the coordination problem".
Domain-specific multimodeling is promising when compared to more traditional development paradigms such as single-language programming and general-purpose modeling. To reap the benefits of this new paradigm, we must solve the coordination problem. This problem is also known as the fragmentation problem in the context of Global Model Management.
One proposal to solve this problem is "the coordination method". This is a three-step method to overcome the obstacles of integrating different views and coordinating multiple languages. The method prescribes how to (1) identify and (2) specify the references across language boundaries, that is the "overlaps" between different languages. Finally, the method offers concrete proposals on how to (3) apply this knowledge in actual development in the form of consistency, navigation, and guidance.
Motivating example.
Enterprise systems based on multiple domain-specific languages are abundant. Languages with a metamodel defined in the Extensible Markup Language (XML) enjoy particularly widespread adoption. To illustrate development with multiple languages, we will draw an example from a case study: The Apache Open For Business (OFBiz) system. Briefly stated, OFBiz is an enterprise resource planning system that includes standard components such as inventory, accounting, e-commerce etc. These components are implemented by a mixture of XML-based languages and regular Java code. As an example, let us focus on the content management component, particularly a use case in which the administrative user creates an online web survey as shown in the screenshot below. We will refer to this example as the "create survey" example.
The figure shows a screenshot of the administrative interface of the content management application in a running OFBiz instance. To create a survey, the user fills out the fields of the input form and hits the "update" button. This creates a new survey which can be edited and later published on a frontend website in OFBiz. Behind the scenes, this use case involves several artifacts written in different languages. In this example, let us focus on only three of these languages: the Entity, the Service, and the Form DSL. 
These three languages correspond roughly to the structural, the behavioural, and the user interface concern in OFBiz. The Entity DSL is used to describe the underlying data model and hence the way the created survey will be saved. The Service DSL is used to describe the interface of the service that is invoked when the user hits the "update" button. Finally, the Form DSL is used to describe the visual appearance of the form. Although the three languages are tailored for different things, they can not be separated entirely. The user interface invokes a certain application logic and this application logic manipulates the data of the application. This is an example of "non-orthogonal concerns". The languages overlap because the concerns that they represent cannot be separated entirely. Let us examine these three languages in a bottom-up manner and point out their overlaps.
Entity DSL.
The Entity DSL defines the structure of data in OFBiz. The listing below shows the definition of the Survey entity which is the business object that represents the concept of a survey. The code in the Listing is self-explanatory: An entity called Survey is defined with 10 fields. Each field has a name and a type. The field surveyId is used as the primary key. This definition is loaded by a central component in OFBiz called the "entity engine". The entity engine instantiates a corresponding business object. The purpose of the entity engine is to manage transactional properties of all business objects and interact with various persistence mechanisms such as Java Database Connectivity, Enterprise JavaBeans or even some legacy system.
codice_1
Service DSL.
The Service DSL specifies the interface of the services in OFBiz. Each service encapsulates part of the application logic of the system. The purpose of this language is to have a uniform abstraction over various implementing mechanisms. Individual services can be implemented in Java, a scripting language, or using a rule engine. The listing below shows the interface of the createSurvey service.
Apart from the name, the service element specifies the location and invocation command of the implementation for this service. The default-entity-name attribute specifies that this service refers to the Survey entity which was defined in the previous listing. This is an overlap between the two languages, specifically a so-called "soft reference". A model in the Service DSL refers to a model in the Entity DSL. This reference is used in the two auto-attributes elements below which specify the input and output of the service in the form of typed attributes. As input, the service accepts attributes corresponding to all non-primary key (nonpk) fields of the Survey entity and these attributes are optional. As output, the service returns attributes corresponding to the primary key (pk) fields of Survey, i.e., in this case the surveyId field, and these attributes are mandatory. The purpose of the reference across languages is in this case to reduce redundancy. The attributes of the createSurvey service corresponds to the fields of the Survey entity and it is therefore only necessary to specify them once.
codice_2
Form DSL.
The Form DSL is used to describe the layout and visual appearance of input forms in the user interface. The language consists of domain concepts such as Form and Field. The listing below shows the implementation of the EditSurvey form. This time the Form DSL overlaps with the Service DSL. The target attribute of the form and the alt-target elements specify that the input from the submission of this form should be directed to either the updateSurvey or createSurvey services. The auto-fields-service element specifies that the form should include a field corresponding to each of the attributes of the updateSurvey service (which are similar to the attributes of the createSurvey service). This produces a similar effect of "importing" definitions from another model as in the case of the auto-attributes elements in the previous listing. Further down, we can see that it is possible to customize the appearance of these "imported" fields such as isAnonymous. Finally, a submitButton is added with a localized title such that the user can submit his data to the referenced service.
codice_3
The "create survey" example, as described here, is implemented using models in three different languages. The complete implementation actually involves even more languages such as a Screen DSL to specify the layout of the screen where the form is placed, and a Minilang DSL which is a data-manipulation language used to implement the service. However, these three languages do illustrate the main idea of making each concern concrete. The example also shows a simple way of reducing redundancy by letting the languages overlap slightly.
Multi-level customization.
Domain-specific languages, like those described above, have limited expressiveness. It is often necessary to add code snippets in a general-purpose language like Java to implement specialized functionality that is beyond the scope of the languages. This method is called "multi-level customization". 
Since this method is very commonly used in setups with multiple languages, we will illustrate it by a continuation of the example. Let us call this the "build PDF" example.
Suppose we want to build a PDF file for each survey response to the online surveys that users create. Building a PDF file is outside the scope of our languages so we need to write some Java code that can invoke a third-party PDF library to perform this specialized functionality. Two artifacts are required: 
First, an additional service model, as shown below, in the Service DSL that defines the interface of the concrete service such that it can be accessed on the modeling level. The service model describes the location of the implementation and what the input and output attributes are. 
codice_4
Second, we need a code snippet, as shown below, that contains the actual implementation of this service. A service can have multiple inputs and outputs so input to the Java method is a map, called context, from argument names to argument values and returns output in the form of another map, called results.
codice_5
This multi-level customization method uses "soft references" similar to the "create survey" example. The main difference is that the reference here is between model and code rather than between model and model. The advantage, in this case, is that a third-party Java library for building PDFs can be leveraged. Another typical application is to use Java code snippets to invoke external webservices and import results in a suitable format.
Coordination problem.
The example illustrates some of the advantages of using multiple languages in development. There are, however, also difficulties associated with this kind of development. These difficulties stem from the observation that the more kinds of artifacts we introduce into our process, the more coordination between developer efforts is needed. We will refer to these difficulties as the "Coordination Problem". The Coordination Problem has a conceptual and a technical aspect. Conceptually, the main problem is to understand the different languages and their interaction. To properly design and coordinate models in multiple languages, developers must have a sufficient understanding of how languages interact. Technically, the main problem is to enforce consistency. Tools must be provided to detect inconsistencies early, i.e., at modeling time, and assist developers in resolving these inconsistencies. In the following, we will examine these two aspects in greater detail.
Coordination as a conceptual challenge.
The first problem that developers encounter when starting on development with multiple languages is "language cacophony". Learning the different languages and understanding their interaction is necessary to make sense of the complex composition of artifacts. The OFBiz framework for instance has seventeen different languages and more than 200 000 lines of domain-specific language code so the complexity can be quite overwhelming! There is currently no established method of characterizing different languages such that developers quickly can reach an operational understanding. Tools are important here as an "ad hoc" mechanism for learning and exploration because developers typically use tools to learn by experiments. There are especially three areas where tools for domain-specific models are helpful: 
First, understanding a language can be difficult and in the case of XML-based domain-specific languages a frequent and intuitive objection is the "syntax matters" objection. This argument can be stated in the following way: “The different languages are hard to understand and only add to the confusion because their XML-based syntax is particularly verbose and unintelligible. Using a single general-purpose language like Java would be better because then developers could rely on a syntax that they already know”. While this objection is certainly important, it misses a central point. XML or a similar representation format may not be the syntax that developers actually work with. One of the advantages of using XML-based domain-specific languages is that we can then provide domain-specific editors. The figure below shows what a hypothetical editor for the Entity DSL might look like. This editor presents the domain in a simple and visually appealing manner but may very well use the XML representation (and perhaps a layout configuration) underneath.
Just as we may complain that XML is a bad choice, we could also object that a general-purpose language like Java is a poor choice for some tasks. Furthermore, developers may feel less intimidated by the editor in figure than by code Listings in XML or Java. If we accept that "syntax matters" then the use of different languages with tailored editors becomes a reasonable strategy. The simplicity of the editor makes the language easier to understand and hence easier to use. In other words, the "syntax matters" objection may be the very reason why we explore the field of Domain-specific languages.
Second, language interactions reveal relations between languages. Developers should be able to jump between related elements in different artifacts. Ease of navigation between different software artifacts is an important criterion for tools in traditional development environments. Although we have performed no empirical studies in this area, we hypothesize that proper navigation facilities increase productivity. This claim is supported by the observation that all major development environments today offer quite sophisticated navigation facilities such as type hierarchy browser or the ability to quickly locate and jump to references to a method definition. The development environments can provide these navigation facilities because they maintain a continuously updated model of the sourcefiles in the form of an abstract syntax tree. 
In a development environment with multiple languages, navigation is much more difficult. Existing environments are not geared to parsing and representing DSL models as abstract syntax trees for arbitrary and perhaps even application-specific languages such as the languages from the previous example. Furthermore without this internal representation, existing environments cannot resolve neither intra- nor inter-language references for such languages and hence cannot provide useful navigation. This means that developers must maintain a conceptual model of how the parts of their system are related. New tools with navigation facilities geared to multiple languages would on the other hand be very helpful in understanding the relations between languages. In terms of the "create survey" example such tools should display the relations between the three languages by using the soft references as navigation points.
Third, to understand language use we must be able to distinguish correct editing operations from wrong ones in our development environment. Traditional development environments have long provided guidance during the writing of a program. Incremental compilation allows the environment to offer detailed suggestions to the developer such as how to complete a statement. More intrusive kinds of guidance also exist such as syntax-oriented editors where only input conforming to the grammar can be entered. Generic text-editors that can be parameterized with the grammar of a language have existed for a long time.
Existing editors do not take inter-language consistency relations into account when providing guidance. In the previous example, an ideal editor should for instance be able to suggest the createSurvey service as a valid value when the developer edits the target attribute in the Form definition. An environment which could reason about artifacts from different languages would also be able to help the developer identify program states where there was local but not global consistency. Such a situation can arise when a model is well-formed and hence locally consistent but at the same time violates an inter-language constraint. Guidance or intelligent assistance in the form of proposals on how to complete a model would be useful for setups with multiple languages and complex consistency constraints. Tool-suggested editing operations could make it easier for the developer to get started on the process of learning how to use the languages.
Coordination as a technical challenge.
The technical aspect of the coordination problem is essentially a matter of enforcing consistency. How can we detect inconsistencies across models from multiple languages at modeling time? To fully understand the complexity of the consistency requirements of a system based on multiple languages, it is useful to refine our concept of consistency. 
Consistency can be either intra- or inter-consistency. Intra-consistency concerns the consistency of elements within a single model. The requirements here are that the model must conform to its metamodel, i.e., be syntactically well-formed. In terms of the create survey example, the entity model must for instance conform to the XSD schema of the Entity DSL. This schema is the metamodel of the Entity DSL and it specifies how elements can be composed and what are, to some extent, the valid domains of attributes.
Inter-consistency is achieved when references across language boundaries can be resolved. This kind of consistency can be further subdivided into (1) model-to-model consistency and (2) model-to-code consistency. Model-to-model consistency concerns the referential integrity as well as high-level constraints of the system. In the "create survey" example, the default-entity-name attribute from the Service listing refers to the name attribute from Entity listing. If we change one of these values without updating the other, we break the reference. More high-level consistency constraints across different models also exist as discussed later. A project can have certain patterns or conventions for naming and relating model elements. Current development environments must be tailored to specific languages with handwritten plugins or similar mechanisms in order to enforce consistency between languages such as those from the previous example.
Model-to-code consistency is an essential requirement in multi-level customization. When models are supplemented with code snippets as in the "build PDF" example, it is necessary to check that models and code actually "fit". This partly a matter of making sure that soft references between models and code are not broken, similar to referential integrity in model-to-model consistency. But it is also a matter of making sure that the code does not violate expectations set up in the model. In the "build PDF" example, the model specifies that outByteWrapper will always be part of the output, i.e., the outByteWrapper key is put in the results map. An analysis of the code shows that outByteWrapper will only be part of the output if no exceptions are thrown before line 10. In other words, some possible executions of the code will violate a specification on the modeling level. More generally, we can state that multi-level customization imposes very fine-grained constraints on the involved models and code snippets.
Solving the coordination problem.
The coordination problem arises from the fact that multiple languages are used in a single system. The two previous Subsections illustrate that this problem has both a conceptual side as well as a low-level technical side. The challenges that we have described are real rather than hypothetical challenges. Specifically, we have faced these challenges in two concrete and representative case studies: an enterprise resource planning system, OFBiz, and a health care system, the District Health Information System (DHIS). Both cases are medium-sized systems that are in actual industrial use. Our solution to the practical problems we have encountered during our work with these systems are a set of guidelines and prototypes. In the following, we will introduce an overall conceptual framework which incorporates the guidelines and prototypes into a coherent method: the "coordination method".
Coordination method.
The goal of the coordination method is to solve the coordination problem and thereby provide better support for development with multiple languages. To properly appreciate the method, it is important to understand that it does not prescribe the design of individual languages. Plenty of methods and tools have already been proposed for this. This method assumes the existence of a setup with multiple domain-specific languages. Given such a setup, one can apply the method. The method consists of three steps as shown in the diagram below. Each step consist of a couple of parts which are shown as little boxes in the diagram. Boxes with dotted lines represent automatic processes and boxes with solid lines represent manual ones. In the following, we will explain these steps in a bit more detail. 
Step 1: identification.
The goal of the identification step is to identify language overlaps. As described in the example, an overlap is an area where the concerns of two languages intersect. The "soft references" from Form DSL to Service DSL and from Service DSL to Entity DSL in the create survey use case are examples of such overlaps. Another example is the case where a customized code snippet is used to extend a model. Such overlaps are frequent when the expressiveness of general-purpose languages is needed to implement specialized requirements that are beyond the scope of the model. The identification step can either be a manual or an automatic process depending on the complexity of the overlaps. When the overlaps have been identified and made explicit, this information is used as input to the second step in the method: the specification step.
Step 2: specification.
The goal of the specification step is to create a "coordination model" which specifies how languages interact. The references across language boundaries in a system constitute the coordination model for that particular system. It is created by mapping the main software artifacts into a common representation. Additional information such as domain- or application-specific constraints may also be encoded to provide a rich representation. The coordination model is based on generic information such as language grammars and constraints as well as application-specific information such as concrete models and application-specific constraints. This means that even though the same languages are used across several products, each product has a specification of its own unique coordination model. The coordination model is used as basis for various forms of reasoning in the final step of the method: the application step.
Step 3: application.
The goal of the application step is to take advantage of the coordination model. The coordination model allows tools to derive three layers of useful information. First, the coordination model can be used to enforce consistency across multiple languages. The coordination model specifies consistency relations such as how elements from different languages can refer to each other. Tools can enforce referential integrity and perform static checks of the final system before deployment. Second, the consistency relations are used to navigate, visualize and map the web of different languages in a development setup. This information is used to quickly link and relate elements from different languages and to provide traceability among different models. Third, based on consistency relations and navigational information about how elements are related, tools can provide guidance, specifically completion or assistance. Model completion can for instance be provided in a generic manner across domain-specific tools.
Evaluation of the coordination method.
The coordination method can best be seen as a conceptual framework that prescribes a certain workflow when working with multiple languages. The three successive steps that constitute this workflow are not supported by an integrated workbench or development environment. The focus is rather on extending the developer's existing environments to add support for (1) identification, (2) specification, and (3) application. The main advantage of this approach has been that developers have actually tested our work and given us feedback. This kind of evaluation of the method is valuable because it reduces the risk of solving a purely hypothetical problem. Several papers introduce the different steps of the coordination method, report on this evaluation, and elaborates on the technical aspects of each individual experiment. Overall, the results have been promising: a significant number of errors have been found in production systems and given rise to a constructive dialog with developers on future tool requirements. A development process based on these guidelines and supported by tools constitutes a serious attempt to solve the coordination problem and make domain-specific multimodeling a practical proposition.

</doc>
<doc id="21468962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468962" title="Sardinero">
Sardinero

Sardinero is a popular beach located in the Spanish city of Santander, Cantabria. 
Sardinero is divided by the gardens of Piquio about one-quarter the way along its length, stretching from the Magdalena Peninsula to Mataleñas; two further adjacent beaches are also sometimes included. 
Together about 4,300 feet (1,300 meters) long and 260 feet (80 meters) deep, the beach features fine golden sand and moderate waves; it is bordered by a wide promenade running its entire length. Sardinero is lined with hotels, restaurants, and a casino, 
and is regarded as one of the most elegant beach resorts in Spain. 

</doc>
<doc id="21468984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468984" title="Rashad Holman">
Rashad Holman

Rashad Holman (born January 17, 1978 in Louisville, Kentucky) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played three seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="21468999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21468999" title="Leduc Formation">
Leduc Formation

Leduc Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Frasnian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
It takes the name from the city of Leduc, and was first described in B.A. Pyrz No. 1 well in central Alberta (between 1,623.7 and 1,807.5m) by Imperial Oil Limited in 1950. A complete section was cored in Imperial Oil's Leduc No. 530 well from to .
Lithology.
The Leduc Formation was deposited in a shallow water reef environment, and the limestone consists of stromatolite reefs with skeletal mudstone and floatstone to finer grained muddy packstone and wackestone. Dolomitisation is a common diagenesis throughout the formation.
Oil and gas production.
Oil and gas is produced from the Leduc Formation in central Alberta. The Leduc No. 1 well produced 50 million cubic metres (more than 300 million barrels) of oil and marked the beginning of the post-war Albertan oil boom. The Strachan and Ricinus West gas fields, discovered in 1967 and 1969, produce from the Late Devonian reefs of Leduc age.
Distribution.
Leduc Formation occurs as discrete reef buildups in a line following the Woodbend shelf margin from Drumheller in central Alberta to Peace River Arch area in northern Alberta. The formation is absent in inter-reef areas, and build-ups reach from to .
Relationship to other units.
Leduc Formation conformably overlays the Cooking Lake Formation and the Beaverhill Lake Formation platform carbonates in central Alberta. In northern Alberta, it rests directly on precambrian red beds or on Granite Wash. The Leduc reefs are surrounded by younger sediments, such as the Duvernay and Ireton Formations carbonates or Woodbend Group shale. 

</doc>
<doc id="21469003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469003" title="Thong (clothing)">
Thong (clothing)

The thong is a garment generally worn as either underwear or as a swimsuit in some countries. It may also be worn for traditional ceremonies or competitions such as sumo wrestling.
Viewed from the front, the thong typically resembles a bikini bottom, but at the back the material is reduced to a minimum. Thongs are almost always designed to cover the genitals, pubic hair, anus, and perineum, and leave part or most of the buttocks uncovered. The back of the garment typically consists of a thin waistband and a thin strip of material, designed to be worn between the buttocks, that connects the middle of the waistband with the bottom front of the garment. It is also used as a descriptive term in other types of garment, such as a bodysuit, bodystocking, leotard, or one-piece swimsuit in the context, "thong backed."
One type of thong is the G-string, the back of which consists only of a (typically elasticized) string. The two terms "G-string" and "thong" are often used interchangeably; however, they can refer to distinct pieces of clothing. Thongs come in a variety of styles depending on the thickness, material, or type of the rear portion of fabric and are available for both men and women throughout most of the world.
Nomenclature.
The origin of the word "thong" in the English language is from Old English "thwong", a flexible leather cord.
Many languages borrow the English word "string" to refer to this type of underwear, usually without the "G". Another common name is "tanga" (or sometimes, "string tanga"), especially in the German "Tanga". A frequent metaphor, especially in South America, is dental floss as in Spanish "hilo dental" or Portuguese "fio dental" (the Brazilian word for thong); in English, the term "Butt floss" is sometimes used. In Lithuanian it is "siaurikės" ("narrows"), Italian "perizoma" or "tanga", in Turkish "ipli külot" ("stringed underpants"), and in Bulgarian as "prashka" (slingshot). In Israel the thong, mostly the G-string, is called "Khutini" (), from the word Khut, which means String. Similarly, in Iran, it is called "Shortbandi" () in which "short" (from English: Shorts) means "briefs" and "bandi" means "with a string". A Puerto-Rican Spanish slang term, used by Reggaeton artists, is "gistro". Australians often colloquially refer to the "G-string" as a "g-banger" or simply "banger".
In some names for the thong, the bareness of the buttocks is noted, as in Spanish "colaless" (the origin is probably connected to the term topless but in reference to "cola", colloquial term for butt in South American Spanish), and in other names the "T"-like shape of the back is highlighted. In the dialects of Chinese language, the T-back is commonly called "dingziku" (丁字褲/丁字裤) which literally means "丁 character pants" (or roughly, "T-letter pants"). In Korean, it is called 티팬티 ("T panty"). However, there are several usages of the term T-back in English as well (e.g., Children's literature author E. L. Konigsburg's "T-backs, T-shirts, Coat and Suit").
Thong vs. G-string.
According to the "Encyclopedia of Clothing and Fashion" "The G-string, or thong, a panty front with a half- to one-inch strip of fabric at the back that sits between the buttocks", and "Knickers: a Brief History" says: "Minor tweaks to the cut earned these skimpy panties different titles—from the thong, which has a one-inch strip of fabric down the back, to a G-string, which, as the name equivalent of Spanish suggests (hilo dental), is more like a string of fabric akin between the teeth." "Striptease: the Untold History of the Girlie Show" says: "The thong [is an undergarment derived from the stripper's G-string", and according to "Americanisms: the Illustrated Book of Words Made in the USA" a G-string is "a thong panty consisting of a small triangular piece of fabric supported by two elastic straps. Attributed to strippers circa 1936". The "Heinemann English Dictionary" defines "thong" as "a pair of underpants or swimming costume in a very skimpy style like a G-string".
History.
The thong, like its probable predecessor the loincloth, is believed to be one of the earliest forms of human clothing and is also thought to have been worn mostly or exclusively by men. It is thought the thong was probably originally developed to protect, support, or hide the male genitals. The loincloth is probably the earliest form of clothing used by mankind, having originated in the warmer climates of sub-Saharan Africa where clothing was first worn nearly 75,000 years ago. Many tribal peoples, such as some of the Khoisan people of southern Africa, wore thongs for many centuries. Much like the Japanese fundoshi, these early garments were made with the male genitalia in mind.
A descendant of the loincloth and thong is the jockstrap, created by Chicago sporting goods company Sharp & Smith in 1874. The first historical reference to the thong since then is in 1939 New York City when Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia ordered nude dancers to dress more appropriately. Jacques Heim's and Louis Réard's original bikini from 1946 (that introduced the term "bikini") had a culotte with a thong back. 
Modern thong.
Fashion designer Rudi Gernreich, who had in the mid-1960s created the first topless swimsuit, which he called the monokini, is credited with introducing the modern thong in 1974.
Attitudes to the wearing of g-strings vary geographically and across societies, as is usual with highly revealing clothing. Prior to its entrance into mainstream fashion, g-strings were primarily worn by exotic dancers. In the modern Western world, g-strings are more commonly marketed towards females but are worn by both sexes. By the late 1980s, the style (for females) had made its way into most of the Western world, thong and g-string underwear became more and more popular through the 1990s due to shows like "Baywatch", where numerous females were recorded wearing thong swimsuits.
In the 1990s, the thong began to gain wider acceptance and popularity in the United States as underwear (and, to a lesser extent, as swimwear), especially with women, but also men. In the USA and Europe, the wearing of thongs by men was once mainly limited to the dance belt, the posing pouch for bodybuilders and the realm of male strippers. Men's thongs are now more widely available and commonly worn as day-to-day underwear or swimwear. They are not marketed as strongly to men as they are to women. In Europe thongs have been commonplace for many more years both as underwear and swimwear.
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, some people wore thongs with low-cut hipsters and deliberately exposed them over the top of their trousers. This led to many designs of thong intended to be worn in this manner, which were adorned with jewels and motifs on the back. However, in the later 2000s, the exposure of a thong above one's pants became a less popular and the trend turned to the wearing of lower-riding thongs that hardly show above trousers, except when bending or twisting.
Recent surveys place the number of American women who wear thongs as their preferred underwear style at 28%. Many reasons exist why people may choose to wear thong underwear or swimwear, such as prevention of visible panty lines; prevention of ride up so one need not pull at one's underwear in public; comfort; fashion consciousness, including the feeling of being more adult; and minimization of tan lines. While thongs are available for girls as young as eight years it is common for parents to not approve of girls wearing them until they reach their teens.
Design and variety.
Types of thongs include the traditional thong, the G-string, and the C-string. There are a number of intermediate kinds of thongs between full rear coverage and a string rear. As designs become more risqué there are also types intended to expose genitals as much as they conceal them. Other styles include the Cheeky, V-string, and T-back. The naming of the intermediate styles of thong is debatable, different vendors use the words somewhat interchangeably. Thongs are available in a wide variety of materials, including silk, cotton, microfiber, satin, nylon, and lycra/spandex. There are also novelty designs for both sexes, featuring shapes to conform to the genitals or provide humorous visual effects.
The most significant difference between thongs designed for men and women is the shape of the front part of the garment. Often, but not always, thongs for men will feature a vertical seam to create shape and space for the male genitalia, and the pouch may be made of stretchy material (usually cotton-Lycra or microfiber) for an ergonomic fit. The equivalent section in women's thongs is normally flat and seamless. However, the fabric is usually thicker in the area where it covers the vulva (by incorporating a cotton gusset). 
G-string.
The G-string style consists of an elastic string (also a narrow piece of cloth, leather, or plastic) connecting the front/pouch and the waistband at back, worn as swimwear or underwear mostly by women, but also by men. Since the mid-1920s, female strippers and exotic dancers in the West have been referring to the style of thongs they wore for their performances as G-strings. 
Etymology.
The origin of the term "G-string" is obscure. It may simply stand for 'Gusset' as the G-String is in effect just a gusset on a string. Since the 19th century the term "geestring" referred to the string which held the loincloth of American Indians and later referred to the narrow loincloth itself. William Safire in his "Ode on a G-String" quoted the usage of the word "G-string" for loincloth by "Harper's Magazine" 15 years after Beadle's and suggested that the magazine confused the word with the musical term "G string" (i.e., the string for the G note). Safire also mentions the opinion of linguist Robert Hendrickson that "G" (or "gee") stands for groin, which was a taboo word at the time.
History.
The g-string first appeared in costumes worn by showgirls in Earl Carroll's productions during the Jazz Age. Linguist Robert Hendrickson believes that the 'g' stands for 'groin'. The "Oxford English Dictionary" reports that the G-string was originally a narrow strip of fabric worn by Indian women. During the Depression, a "G-string" was known as "the gadget", a double-entendre that referred to a handyman's "contrivance", an all-purpose word for the thing that might "fix" things. During the 1930s, the "Chicago G-string" gained prominence when worn by performers like Margie Hart, The Chicago area was the home of some of the largest manufacturers of G-strings and it also became the center of the burlesque shows in the United States.
Other variants of women's thongs.
V-string.
A type of G-string, introduced by Victoria's Secret, in which the string is connected to the waistband by a triangle that is just above the buttocks. The string connects with the waistband directly to form a "V" shape at back.
C-string.
As narrow as a G-string, but without the supporting "string" around the wearer's hips/panty line, leaving just a sideways "C" shaped piece between the legs. This is held in place firmly by a flexible internal frame. Since there is no material around the waist, the C-string completely eliminates the panty lines which thongs and other underwear create. C-strings are also designed for use as beachwear, which reduces the tan lines that would have been left by the side straps of even a G or V-String.
Cheeky.
A more conservative style called a cheeky covers a little more area, but exposes the bottom part of the buttocks. Some cheekies are used as undergarments while others function as bikini bottoms. Often they have a band at the waist.
Maebari.
"Maebari" (前貼り) are strapless Japanese loincloth garments in the form of an adhesive strip covering the genitalia. "Maebari" are attached like pasties and because they do not have a clamping frame extension past the perineum (unlike the c-string design) anus area is usually left exposed. Although conventional use for "maebari" in Japan is as underwear, in foreign swimwear designs named strapless bikini or no string bikini by various manufacturers, "maebari"-style bottoms are used with matching pasties (tops).
Other Variants of men's thongs.
Kowpeenam.
Kaupinam is a thong worn in India, by some men as a loincloth or underclothing. It is made up of rectangular strip of cotton cloth which is used to cover the genitals with the help of the strings connected to the four ends of the cloth for binding it around the waist of the wearer. It has fallen into disuse amongst the common people for comfort reasons, but Hindu saints and wrestlers continue to use it.
Fundoshi.
Fundoshi is the traditional Japanese undergarment for adult males, made from a length of cotton. Before World War II, the fundoshi was the main form of underwear for Japanese adult males. However it fell out of use quickly after the war with the introduction of new underwear to the Japanese market, such as briefs and trunks. Nowadays, the fundoshi is mainly used not as underwear but as festival ("matsuri") clothing at Hadaka Matsuri or, sometimes, as swimwear.
There are many other varieties of fundoshi as the variations on the principle of a loincloth are almost infinite. For example, the "mokko-fundoshi" (literally "earth-basket loincloth" because it looks like the traditional baskets used in construction), is made like the etchyuu-fundoshi but without a front apron; the cloth is secured to the belt to make a bikini effect. The "kuro-neko fundoshi" (literally "black cat fundoshi") is like the "mokko-fundoshi" except that the portion that passes from front to back is tailored to create a thong effect.
Jockstrap.
A jockstrap (also known as a jock, jock strap, strap, supporter, or athletic supporter) is an undergarment designed for supporting the male genitalia during sports or other vigorous physical activity. A jockstrap consists of a waistband (usually elastic) with a support pouch for the genitalia and two elastic straps affixed to the base of the pouch and to the left and right sides of the waistband at the hip. The pouch, in some varieties, may be fitted with a pocket to hold an impact resistant cup to protect the testicles and/or the penis from injury.
Dance belt.
A dance belt is a type of thong designed to be used in the same manner as an athletic supporter, but for male dancers (especially in ballet). Its purpose is to protect and support the dancer during dance activities without being seen through outer garments, such as tights, leotard, gym leggings or shorts. Thongs tend to offer better support for the male anatomy than do other underwear styles (as well as eliminating contact between the genitals and inner thighs) and is one of the reasons why men and boys may choose to wear them.
Controversy.
As thongs pass between the buttocks and may be in close contact with the anus and labia, concerns have been raised that they may become damp and act as a conduit for germ transfer, increasing the probability that the wearer may develop urinary tract infections, such as cystitis. However research suggests that wearing thong underwear does not have a statistically significant effect on the occurrence of bacterial vaginosis 
In 2002, a female high school vice principal in San Diego, California physically checked up to 100 female students' underwear as they entered the school for a dance, with or without student permission, causing an uproar among students and some parents and eliciting an investigation by the school into the vice principal's conduct. In her defense, the vice principal said the checks were for student safety and not specifically because of the wearing of thongs (“This was a safety issue, it was not a choice of underwear issue”).
Of particular controversy is the retail by several outlets, including Abercrombie & Fitch, Argos, and Etam, of thongs for children as young as seven, due to their previous association with nude or erotic dancers. This controversy spawned a great deal of free publicity for Abercrombie, including a chain letter that received wide circulation. Media attention was drawn to the phenomenon when a British primary head teacher voiced concerns that pupils as young as 10 were wearing thong underwear to school.
Thong swimsuits are banned or strongly discouraged in some places, including most Muslim countries such as Iran. Areas in the United States include such locations as Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and Kure Beach, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="21469042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469042" title="Al Dodd">
Al Dodd

Al Dodd was a professional American football player who played cornerback and wide receiver for six seasons for the Chicago Bears, New Orleans Saints, and Atlanta Falcons.

</doc>
<doc id="21469045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469045" title="Alundis Brice">
Alundis Brice

Alundis Marcell Brice (born May 1, 1971 in Brookhaven, Mississippi) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played for the Dallas Cowboys, Toronto Argonauts and Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Early years.
The University of Mississippi recruited him as a wide receiver, but after he didn't record a single reception as a sophomore, he was converted to cornerback. 
From his left cornerback position he became a dominant player, receiving All-SEC honors two years in a row (1993,1994). He was only the third player in school history to record at least 7 interceptions in a season, which he did both as a junior and as a senior. 
At the end of his senior season, he was shot in the chest while breaking up an on-campus altercation, with the bullet nearly hitting his heart. After an 11 day stay in the hospital, he resumed his preparation for the 1995 NFL Draft.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Brice was selected in the fourth round of the 1995 NFL Draft, after he dropped because of health concerns. When Dallas acquired Deion Sanders Brice was given a BMW to switch jersey numbers so that Sanders could wear his #21. Even though Brice had already stated he had no attachment to the number.
As a rookie he played on the special teams and nickel defense. He started against the Oakland Raiders in place of Larry Brown, who had missed the week because of a family tragedy. In 1996, he was starting in place of Sanders against the Arizona Cardinals, when he suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee and was placed on the injured reserve list.
During his rehab treatment he suffered a ruptured kneecap (snapping into two pieces) and was eventually lost for the 1997 season.
Philadelphia Eagles.
On April 24, 1998, he signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles. He was released on August 25, before the start of the season.
Toronto Argonauts (CFL).
In 1999 and 2000 he played for the Toronto Argonauts.
Saskatchewan Roughriders (CFL).
In 2001 he played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Personal life.
Brice has been an assistant football coach for the University of Alabama-Birmingham, University of Mississippi, University of Idaho and Portland State University. He now works at the Meyer Boys & Girls Club in Portland Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="21469047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469047" title="Fortress of Klis">
Fortress of Klis

The Klis Fortress () is a medieval fortress situated above a village bearing the same name, near the city of Split, in central Dalmatia, Croatia. From its origin as a small stronghold built by the ancient Illyrian tribe Dalmatae, becoming a royal castle that was the seat of many Croatian kings, to its final development as a large fortress during the Ottoman wars in Europe, Klis Fortress has guarded the frontier, being lost and re-conquered several times throughout its more than two thousand year-long history. Due to its location on a pass that separates the mountains Mosor and Kozjak, the fortress served as a major source of defense in Dalmatia, especially against the Ottoman advance, and has been a key crossroad between the Mediterranean belt and the Balkan rear.
Importance.
Since Duke Mislav of the Duchy of Croatia made Klis Fortress the seat of his throne in the middle of the 9th century, the fortress served as the seat of many Croatia's rulers. The reign of his successor, Duke Trpimir I, the founder of the Croatian royal House of Trpimirović, is significant for spreading Christianity in the Duchy of Croatia. He largely expanded the Klis Fortress, and in Rižinice, in the valley under the fortress, he built a church and the first Benedictine monastery in Croatia. During the reign of the first Croatian king, Tomislav, Klis and Biograd na Moru were his chief residences.
In March 1242 at Klis Fortress, Tatars who were a constituent segment of the Mongol army under the leadership of Kadan suffered a major defeat while in pursuit of the Hungarian army led by King Béla IV. After their defeat by Croatian forces, the Mongols retreated, and Béla IV rewarded many Croatian towns and nobles with "substantial riches". During the Late Middle Ages, the fortress was governed by Croatian nobility, amongst whom Paul I Šubić of Bribir was the most significant. During his reign, the House of Šubić controlled most of modern-day Croatia and Bosnia. Excluding the brief possession by the forces of Bosnian King, Tvrtko I, the fortress remained in Hungaro-Croatian hands for the next several hundred years, until the 16th century.
Klis Fortress is probably best known for its defense against the Ottoman invasion of Europe in the early 16th century. Croatian captain Petar Kružić led the defense of the fortress against a Turkish invasion and siege that lasted for more than two and a half decades. During this defense, as Kružić and his soldiers fought without allies against the Turks, the military faction of Uskoks was formed, which later became famous as an elite Croatian militant sect. Ultimately, the defenders were defeated and the fortress was occupied by the Ottomans in 1537. After more than a century under Ottoman rule, in 1669, Klis Fortress was besieged and seized by the Republic of Venice, thus moving the border between Christian and Muslim Europe further east and helping to contribute to the decline of the Ottoman Empire. The Venetians restored and enlarged the fortress, but it was taken by the Austrians after Napoleon extinguished the republic itself in 1797. Today, Klis Fortress contains a museum where visitors to this historic military structure can see an array of arms, armor, and traditional uniforms.
Location.
The fortress is located above a village bearing the same name, from the Adriatic Sea, on a pass that separates the mountains Mosor and Kozjak, at the altitude of , northeast of Split in Croatia. Owing to its strategic position, the fortress is regarded as one of the region’s most important fortifications.
Perched on an isolated rocky eminence, inaccessible on three sides, the fortress overlooks Split, the ancient Roman settlement of Salona, Solin, Kaštela and Trogir, and most of the central Dalmatian islands. Historically, the fortress has controlled access to and from Bosnia, Dalmatia and inland Croatia. The importance of such a position was felt by every army that invaded, or held possession of this part of Croatia. Klis Fortress was a point against which their attacks were always directed, and it has been remarkable for the many sieges it withstood. It has been of major strategic value in Croatia throughout history.
History.
Ancient stronghold of Illyrians and Romans.
The ancient Illyrian tribe of Dalmatae, which held a stronghold on this spot, were the first known inhabitants who lived on the site of what is today Klis Fortress. They were defeated several times, and in the year 9 AD, finally annexed by Romans. Today's Klis Fortress was known to the Romans by the name of ""Andetrium"" or ""Anderium"", and in later times ""Clausura"", which is the origin of later ""Clissa"" and modern ""Klis"". To the Romans, Klis became famous for its celebrated siege by Augustus, at the time of the Illyrian revolt in Dalmatia. The road that lead from Klis to Salona was called "Via Gabiniana" or "Via Gabinia", which according to an inscription found at Salona, appears to have been made by Tiberius. Southeast of the fortress, the traces of a Roman camp are still visible, as well as an inscription carved on a rock; both which are supposed to be contemporary with the siege under Tiberius. The description of this siege during the Illyrian Wars demonstrates that this place was strong and unreachable in those times.
Migration period and the arrival of the Croats.
After the fall of the Roman Empire, Barbarians plundered the region around Klis. First it was ruled by Odoacer, and then by the Theodoric the Great, after he eliminated Odoacer, and set up an Ostrogothic Kingdom. After Justinian I fought an almost continual war for forty years to recover the old Roman Empire, he seized Dalmatia, and Klis was from 537, a part of Byzantine Empire. The name of Klis ("Kleisa" or "Kleisoura") was first described in chapter 29 of Emperor Constantine Porphyrogenitus' "De Administrando Imperio". While describing the Roman settlement of Salona, Constantine VII speaks of the stronghold, which may have been designed or improved, to prevent attacks on the coastal cities and roads by Slavs.
Salona, the capital of the province of Dalmatia was sacked and destroyed in 614 by Avars and Slavs. The population fled to Diocletian's walled palace of Split, which was able to hold up. Thereafter, Split rose quickly in importance, as one of Dalmatia's major cities. After a few decades, the Avars were driven out by the Croats. This probably happened after 620, when in second wave Croats migrated on the invitation by the Emperor Heraclius to counter the Avar threat on the Byzantine Empire.
Royal Castle.
From the early 7th century on, Klis was an important Croat stronghold, and later, one of the seats of many Croatia's rulers. In the 9th century, Croatian duke Mislav of the Duchy of Croatia, from 835 to 845, made the castle of Klis seat of his throne. Despite Frankish overlordship, the Franks had almost no role in Croatia in the period from the 820s through 840s. After Mislav's death, starting with Duke Trpimir I, Klis was ruled by royal members of the House of Trpimirović, who were at first Dukes of the Croatian Duchy ("dux Croatorum"), and afterwards Kings of the Croatian Kingdom ("rex Croatorum"). They developed the early Roman stronghold into their capital. Relations with the Byzantines greatly improved under the Croatian duke Trpimir I, who moved the dux's main residence from Nin to Klis.
The reign of Mislav's successor Trpimir I, is significant for spreading Christianity in the medieval Croatian state, and for the first mention of the name ""Croats"" in domestic documents. On 4 March, in 852, Trpimir I issued a ""Charter in Biaći"" () in Latin, confirming Mislav's donations to the Archbishopric in Split. In this document Trpimir I named himself; ""By the mercy of God, Duke of Croats"" (), and his realm as the ""Realm of the Croats"" (). In the same document Trpimir I mentioned Klis as his property — seat. Under Klis, in Rižinice, the duke Trpimir built a church and the first Benedictine monastery in Croatia, which is known from the discovery of a stone fragment on a gable arch from an altar screen, inscribed with the duke's name and title. 
A controversial Saxon theologian of the mid-9th century, Gottschalk of Orbais, spent some time at Trpimir's court between 846 and 848. His work ""De Trina deitate"" is an important source of information for Trpimir's reign. Gottschalk was a witness to the battle between Trpimir and Byzantine strategos, when Trpimir was victorious. During the reign of Croatian king Tomislav, who had no permanent capital, the castle of Klis along with Biograd, were his chief residences.
Knights Templar.
From the early 12th century, and after the decay of the native Croatian royal family of Trpimirović, the castle of Klis was mainly governed by Croatian nobility, under the supremacy of Hungarian kings. The Kingdom of Croatia and the Kingdom of Hungary were, from 1102, in a personal union of two kingdoms, united under the Hungarian king.
Andrew II of Hungary was extremely favorably disposed towards the Templars. During his participation in the Fifth Crusade, he appointed Pontius de Cruce, Master of the Order in the Hungarian Kingdom, as a regent in Croatia and Dalmatia. After his return in 1219, in recognition of the great logistical and financial support which the Order had given him during the campaign, he granted the Order the estate of Gacka. Even before his departure from the city of Split in 1217, he had made over to the Templars the castle of Klis ("Clissa"), a strategic point in the hinterland of Split ("Spalato"), which controlled the approaches to the town. The king Andrew was reluctant to entrust the castle of Klis to any of the local magnates, knowing what great harm could come from that castle. It was the king's will that Split receive the castle of Klis for the defense of their city. The city of Split showed little interest in the royal favors, so the king entrusted Klis into Templars hands. Shortly after this, the Templars lost Klis, and, in exchange, the king gave them the coastal town of Šibenik ("Sebenico").
Mongol siege.
Tatars under the leadership of Kadan experienced a major failure in March 1242 at Klis Fortress, when they were hunting for Béla IV of Hungary. The Tatars believed that the king was in the Klis Fortress, and so they began to attack from all sides, launching arrows and hurling spears. However, the natural defenses of the fortress gave protection, and the Tatars could cause only limited harm. They dismounted from their horses and began to creep up hand over hand to higher ground. But the fortress defenders hurled huge stones at them, and managed to kill a great number. This setback only made the Tatars more ferocious, and they came right up to the great walls and fought hand to hand. They looted the houses and took away much plunder. Upon learning that the king was not there, they abandoned their attack, and ascending their mounts rode off in the direction of Trogir, a number of them turning off toward Split.
The Mongols attacked the Dalmatian cities for the next few years but eventually withdrew without major success, as the mountainous terrain and distance were not suitable for their style of warfare. They pursued Béla IV from town to town in Dalmatia. The Croatian nobility and Dalmatian towns such as Trogir and Rab helped Béla IV to escape. After this failure, the Mongols retreated and Béla IV rewarded the Croatian towns and nobility. Only the city of Split did not help Béla IV in his escape.
Some historians claim that the mountainous terrain of Croatian Dalmatia was fatal for the Mongols, because they suffered great losses when attacked by the Croats from ambushes in mountain passes. Other historians claim that the death of Ögedei Khan () was the only reason for retreat. Much of Croatia was plundered by the Mongols, but without any major military success. Saint Margaret (January 27, 1242 – January 18, 1271), a daughter of Béla IV and Maria Laskarina, was born in Klis Fortress during the Mongol invasion of Hungary-Croatia.
Šubić's rule.
The weakening of royal authority under Stephen V of Hungary allowed the House of Šubić to regain their former role in Dalmatia. In 1274, Stjepko Šubić of Bribir died, and Paul I Šubić of Bribir succeeded him as the family elder. Soon, Ladislaus IV of Hungary, recognizing the balance of power in Dalmatia, named Paul I as Ban of Croatia and Dalmatia. Ladislaus IV died in 1290 leaving no sons, and a civil war between rival candidates, pro-Hungarian Andrew III of Hungary, and pro-Croatian Charles Martel of Anjou, started. Charles Martel's father Charles II of Naples, awarded all Croatia from Gvozd Mountain () to the river Neretva mouth hereditary to Paul I Šubić of Bribir. Thus, Charles converted Paul's personal position as Ban into a hereditary one for the Šubić family. All the other nobles in this region, were to be vassals of Paul Šubić. In response, Andrew III in 1293 issued a similar charter for Paul Šubić. During this struggle over the throne, George I Šubić of Bribir, Ban Paul's brother went to Italy, visiting the pope and the Naples court. In August 1300, George I returned to Split, bringing Charles Robert with him. Paul Šubić accompanied Charles Robert (later known as Charles I of Hungary) to Zagreb, where he was recognized as king; then they proceeded to Esztergom, where, in 1301, the Archbishop of Esztergom crowned him as King of Hungary and Croatia.
Paul I Šubić, Ban of Croatia and Dalmatia, became Lord of all of Bosnia in 1299. Although supporting the king, Paul I continued to act independently, and ruled over a large portion of modern-day Croatia and Bosnia. He appointed his brothers as commissars of Dalmatian cities, and gave Split to his brother Mladen I Šubić, and Šibenik, Nin, Trogir and Omiš to his brother George I Šubić. After George I Šubić died in 1302, his brother Mladen I Šubić ruled as a Bosnian Ban over Bosnia from Klis Fortress, until he was killed in a battle during 1304. Then, Šubić gave the Klis Fortress to his son Mladen II Šubić, who ruled over Bosnia like his uncle Mladen I. George II Šubić and his son, Mladen III Šubić, ruled over Klis Fortress until the late 14th century. During summer-long festivities in Klis Fortress, open to the whole population, Mladen III Šubić gave his sister's Jelena Šubić hand in marriage to Vladislaus of Bosnia, from the House of Kotromanić. Jelena Šubić gave birth to the first Bosnian King, Tvrtko I, who later inherited the fortress.
Petar Kružić and the Uskoci.
Owing to its location, Klis Fortress was an important defensive position during the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans. The fortress stands along the route by which the Ottomans could penetrate the mountain barrier separating the coastal lowlands from around Split, from Turkish-held Bosnia. The Croat feudal lord Petar Kružić gathered together a garrison composed of Croat refugees, who used the base at Klis both to hold the Turks at bay, and to engage in marauding and piracy against coastal shipping. Although nominally accepting the sovereignty of the Habsburg king Ferdinand who had obtained the Croatian crown in 1527, Kružić and his freebooting Uskoks were a law unto themselves.
When a large Turkish force threatened the fortress, Kružić appealed to Ferdinand I for help, but the Emperor's attention was diverted by a Turkish invasion into Slavonia. For more than two and half decades, Captain Kružić, also called "(Prince of Klis)", defended the fortress against the Turkish invasion. Kružić led the defense of Klis, and with his soldiers fought almost alone against the Ottomans, as they hurled army after army against the fortress. No troops would come from the Hungarian king, as they were defeated by the Ottomans at the Battle of Mohács in 1526, and the Venetians baulked at sending any help. Only the popes were willing to provide some men and money.
Final Ottoman siege.
Pope Paul III claimed some rights in Klis, and in September, 1536, there was talk in the Curia of strengthening the defenses of the fortress. The Pope notified Ferdinand that he was willing to share the costs of maintaining a proper garrison in Klis. Ferdinand I did send aid to Klis and was apparently hopeful of holding the fortress, when the Turks again laid siege to it. Ferdinand I recruited men from Trieste and elsewhere in the Habsburg lands, and Pope Paul III sent soldiers from Ancona. There were about 3,000 infantry in the reinforcements, which made a sizeable relief force, that were commanded by Petar Kružić, Niccolo dalla Torre, and a papal commissioner Jacomo Dalmoro d'Arbe. On March 9, 1537, they disembarked near Klis, at a place called S. Girolamo, with fourteen pieces of artillery. After Ibrahim's death, Suleiman the Magnificent sent 8,000 men under the command of Murat-beg Tardić (Amurat Vaivoda), a Croatian renegade who had been born in Šibenik, to go and lay siege to Klis fortress ("Clissa"), and fight against Petar Kružić. An initial encounter of the Christian relief force with the Turks was indecisive, but, on March 12, they were overwhelmed by the arrival of a great number of Turks.
The attempts to relieve the citadel ended in farce. Badly-drilled reinforcements sent by the Habsburgs fled in the fear of Turks, and their attempts to re-board their boats at Solin bay caused many vessels to sink. Niccolo dalla Torre and the papal commissioner managed to escape. Kružić himself – who had left the fortress to make contact with the reinforcements was captured and executed: the sight of his head on a stick was too much for the remaining defenders of Klis, who were now willing to gave up the fortress in return for safe passage north. After Petar Kružić's death, and with a lack of water supplies, the Klis defenders finally surrendered to the Ottomans in exchange for their freedom, on March 12, 1537. Many of the citizens fled the town, while the Uskoci retreated to the city of Senj, where they continued fighting the Turkish invaders.
Sanjak centre of Ottoman Bosnia.
During the Ottoman wars in Europe, Klis Fortress was, for a century, an administrative centre or sanjak (Kilis Sancağı) of the Bosnia Eyalet. On April 7, 1596, Split noblemen Ivan Alberti and Nikola Cindro, along with Uskoci, Poljičani, and Kaštelani irregulars, organized an occupation of Klis. Assisted by dissident elements of the Turkish garrison, they succeeded. Bey Mustafa responded by bringing more than 10,000 soldiers under the fortress. General Ivan Lenković, leading 1,000 Uskoci, came in relief of the 1,500 Klis defenders. During the battle, Ivan Lenković and his men retreated after he was wounded in battle, and the fortress was lost to the Turks, on May 31. Nevertheless, this temporary relief resounded in Europe and among the local population.
From the well-fortified position in the Klis Fortress, the Turks were a constant threat to the Venetians and to the local Croatian population in the surrounding area. In 1647, after the Turkish success at Novigrad, the Turks were said to have 30,000 troops ready to attack Split. The Signoria send off two thousand soldiers with munitions and provisions to the threatened area. Although Split and Zadar were strong fortresses, they were clearly in danger.
Venetian domination.
In 1420, the Anjou contender Ladislaus of Naples was defeated and forced to sail away for Naples. Upon his departure he sold his "rights" to Dalmatia to the Venetian Republic for the relatively meager sum of 100,000 ducats. However, Klis and Klis Fortress remained parts of the Kingdom of Croatia. From that time, the Venetians were eager to take control over Klis, as the fortress was one of the region’s most important strategic points.
The Venetians fought for decades before they finally managed to re-take Klis. During the Candian War (1645–1669), the Venetians in Dalmatia enjoyed the support of the local population, particularly the Morlachs (Morlacchi). Venetian commander Leonardo Foscolo seized several forts, retook Novigrad, temporarily captured the Knin Fortress, and managed to compel the garrison of Klis Fortress to surrender. At the same time, a month-long siege of the Šibenik Fortress by the Ottomans in August and September failed.
From 1669, Klis Fortress was in the possession of the Venetians, and it remained so until the fall of the Venetian state. The Venetians restored and enlarged the fortress during their rule. After another, the seventh war with the Turks from 1714 to 1718, the Venetians were able to advance up to the present Bosnian/Croatian border, taking in the whole Sinjsko field and Imotski. Thereafter the Turkish menace was laid to rest and Venice had no serious challenge to its authority in Dalmatia, until Napoleon extinguished the republic itself in 1797. The border between Christian and Muslim Europe had been moved further east, and the fortress lost its main strategic importance. Subsequently, Klis was taken by the Austrians. The last military occupation of Klis Fortress was by Axis powers during World War II.
Architecture.
Klis Fortress is one of the most valuable surviving examples of defensive architecture in Dalmatia. The fortress is a remarkably comprehensive structure with three long rectangular defensive lines, consisting of three defensive stone walls, which are surrounding a central strongpoint, the ""Položaj maggiore"" at its eastern, highest end. ""Položaj maggiore"" or ""Grand position"" is a mixed Croatian-Italian term, dating from the time when Leonardo Foscolo captured the fortress for the Venetians in 1648. At that time, a village started to spread below the ramparts. The structures of the fortress are mostly irregular, as they were constructed to suit the natural topography. On the hills around Klis, there are several small towers, built by the Turks to keep the fortress under surveillance.
Fortress outskirts.
The Klis Fortress rises on a bare cliff divided into two parts. The first, lower part is on the west, out topped by Mount Greben from the north. The second, higher part is on the east, and includes the Tower "Oprah", whose name most likely refers to a specific part in the defense. In this section which was not topped by any side, was located the flat of the Commander. The only entrance into the fortress is from the western side. On the southwest side of the fortress, and below it was a resort (part of the modern village of Klis) called "borgo" or "suburbium", surrounded by double walls with 100–200 towers. A similar but smaller resort (also part of modern village of Klis) existed below Mount Greben on a plateau called Megdan. This included lazarettoes and quarantines which were in Turkish times called "nazanama". There were also many inns for travellers, which were used for isolation during epidemics. Thus, the coastal towns, primarily the city of Split was protected from epidemics that came from Bosnia. Near the fortress, there were several sources of drinking water, and the closest was the "Holy Biblical Magi" whose importance was invaluable during long sieges.
Present appearance.
The fortress was built into the south face of a rocky mass, and is barely discernible from the distance as a man-made structure. The defensive capabilities of the fortress have been tested through history in many military operations. During the centuries of its use, the structure served various armies and has undergone a number of renovations, to keep up with the development of arms. The original appearance of the fortress is no longer known, due to the structural changes undertaken by Croatian nobility, Turks, Venetians and Austrians. The present day aspect of a mostly stone fortress dates back to the restructuring work carried out by the Venetians in the 17th century.
First defensive line.
Many buildings of the Klis Fortress which are from 17th through 19th centuries are partially or entirely preserved. The Fortress actually consists of three parts, enclosed by walls with separate entrances. The first main entrance was built by the Austrians in the early 19th century, on the place of an earlier Venetian entrance. Left of the entrance there is a fortification erected by the Venetians in the early 18th century. Also, near the main entrance there is a "position Avanzato" built in 1648, which was repeatedly renewed afterwards. On the ground floor of the fortification there is a narrow over-vaulted corridor, which is called a Casemate.
Second defensive line.
The second entrance which was significantly damaged in the siege of 1648, leads to the former medieval part of the fortress previously ruled by a Croatian nobility. After 1648, Venetians fully restored the second entrance, but its present appearance was made by the Austrians during the early 19th century. Along the northern wall near the second entrance, there is fortress-tower called "Oprah", the most important medieval fortification of the western part of the fortress. It was mentioned for the first time in 1355, but later the Venetians made the lower crown on it. Nearby of the entrance are artillery barracks, built by the Austrians in the first half of the 19th century. In 1931 its upper floor was ruined, so now only the ground floor remains.
Third defensive line.
The third entrance leads to the former medieval part built in the early Middle Ages. The Venetians renewed it several times after conquest in 1648, and the last upgrade was in 1763. Within this part of the fortress there is the side tower, built during the 18th century, and completed in 1763. Following is a repository of weapons built in the mid-17th century and old powder magazine from 18th century. "House of Dux" later called governor’s residence was rebuilt in the mid-17th century on the foundations of the oldest buildings from the period of Croatian kings. Austrians repaired this building, and there were placed commandments unity of the fortress and Engineering. On the top point of the fortress there was a "New gunpowder storage", built in the early 19th century.
The oldest remaining building with the dome and minaret, was a former square-shaped Turkish mosque, built after the conquest of Klis in 1537 on the foundations of an earlier Old Croatian Catholic chapel. after occupation in 1648, the Venetians pulled down the minaret and converted it into a Roman Catholic church, dedicated to St. Vitus (). It is a simple constructed square with the octagonal stone roof. There used to be three Altars, dedicated to St. Vid, Virgin Mary and St. Barbara, but today the church has no inventory. In the church there is a Baroque stone sink from the 17th century, which served as a baptistery, where there is engraved the year of 1658. West of the church is the bastion of Bembo, the largest artillery position in the third defense line and in the whole fortress. It has wide holes for guns, and was built in the half of 17th century on the site of former Kružić's tower, and the defensive positions of Speranza.
Present day.
The Klis Fortress has been developed as a visitor attraction by the "Kliški uskoci" re-enactment association in Klis with the aid of the conservation department of the Ministry of Culture in Split. Visitors to the historic military structure can see an array of arms, armor, and traditional uniforms in a building which was formerly an Austrian armory. Klis is remembered in a Croatian byword based on the resistance of Klis and the strength of its people: "It is difficult for Klis because it is on the rock and it is difficult for the rock because Klis is on it".
In popular culture.
The fortress was used in a 1972 historical film Eagle in a Cage, portraying Saint Helena. 
Klis is also being used as a location for filming the HBO series "A Game of Thrones".

</doc>
<doc id="21469062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469062" title="Cory Vance">
Cory Vance

Cory Wade Vance (born June 20, 1979 in Dayton, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Colorado Rockies from to .
Vance attended George Tech and went 13-3 with a 3.40 ERA and 123 strikeouts in . This performance earned him an Atlantic Coast Conference All-Star selection, and he was also named a 3rd team College All-American.
He was drafted by the Colorado Rockies in the 4th round of the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft. He had a 1.12 ERA in 24 innings with Low-A Portland to finish the 2000 season. In , he went 10-8 with a 3.10 ERA for High-A Salem and 10-8 with a 3.78 ERA for Double-A Carolina in . Vance also appeared in 2 games for the major league team after a September call up. After posting his first losing record (9-11) with the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox in , though he did play 9 games in the majors, he was claimed off waivers by the Texas Rangers on April 8, . He played 8 games with the Rangers' Triple-A team in Oklahoma in 2004 before his career ended.

</doc>
<doc id="21469088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469088" title="The Calder Game">
The Calder Game

The Calder Game is a children's novel written by Blue Balliett and illustrated by Brett Helquist, published in 2008. It is the sequel to "The Wright 3". Some underlying themes include the art of Alexander Calder, pentominoes, and the freedom of public art.
Plot overview.
Calder Pillay travels with his father to a Woodstock, Oxfordshire and becomes interested in an unexpected Alexander Calder sculpture (who coincidentally is his namesake) in the town square. On the same night, both Calder and the sculpture disappear. His friends Petra and Tommy fly to England to aid his father in finding him.
Critical reception.
"The Calder Game" received mainly positive reviews. "School Library Journal" called it "every bit as intricate, engaging, and delightful" as its two precursors and praised the structure of the novel. "Publishers Weekly" was positive and wrote that it was "an ambitious novel". BookPage's Alice Cary praised the pacing and intriguing questions. The website Kidsreads.com claimed that "The Calder Game" is "Balliett's best work of fiction yet".
However, "Kirkus Reviews" felt that "The Calder Game" "falls short of "Chasing Vermeer" brilliance" and it was marred by a "problematic construction and too many tidy dei ex machinis".

</doc>
<doc id="21469113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469113" title="Seattle Film Institute">
Seattle Film Institute

The Seattle Film Institute (SFI) is a film school, founded in Seattle, WA in 1994. SFI offers part-time classes, bachelors degrees, masters degrees and certificate programs in film and digital video production.
Curriculum.
A Master of Arts degree in Film Production focuses on the producing and business aspects of film, from pre-production to exhibition. The Master of Fine Arts in Filmmaking is an intensive full-time program covering screenwriting, directing, camera and lighting, editing, and producing. The MFA is hands on, and students produce many individual and group projects. The Master of Music in Film Composition trains composers in the art of scoring music for motion pictures.
In 2013 SFI began offering a B.A. completion degree, with thematic emphasis choices in Filmmaking, Audio Production for Film, and Motion Graphics, with Acting for Film and Animation planned for Fall 2014. The completion degree enables students to transfer an AA degree or general education credits from other colleges to obtain a full Bachelor of Arts degree. SFI also has a joint degree program with Central Washington University.
The full-time certificate program is a 40 week intensive program awarding a Certificate in Film Production upon successful completion of all classes, at least 10 group and individual film and video projects, and a feature length screenplay. Classes meet four to five days a week, in Film History, Screenwriting, Tools of Production, and Post Production.
Part-time program classes are offered individually both evenings and weekends. Part Time classes cover screenwriting, film production, video production, film history, film business and distribution, editing, lighting, and audio editing, among others.
Location.
SFI is located in the Interbay district of Seattle, between the Magnolia and Queen Anne neighborhoods and near Seattle Pacific University. The location is close to parks, libraries, live and cinema theaters, restaurants and many other cultural attractions.
Facilities.
The school moved to a 10,000 sq. ft. building in Seattle's Interbay neighborhood in 2013. It houses administration offices, a 48 seat theater, filming studio, classrooms, sound mixing room, editing lab, library and film equipment checkout room. Production equipment includes Arriflex and Aaton 16mm and Super16mm, and Super8 cameras; Sony and Panasonic Digital HD cameras, editing stations with Final Cut Pro and Adobe Creative Suite, Arriflex and Mole Richardson tungsten and HMI location lighting, grip equipment, and location audio recording gear.

</doc>
<doc id="21469118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469118" title="Jack Bond (director)">
Jack Bond (director)

Jack Bond (born 1939) is a British film producer and director. He is best known for his work for "The South Bank Show" and his creative partnership with the British writer, actor and director Jane Arden (1927–1982) between 1965 and 1979.
In 1965 Bond made a documentary film with Salvador Dalí, "Dali in New York". Working with Jane Arden, Bond directed the award winning "Separation" (1967), produced "The Other Side of the Underneath" (1972) and co-directed "Anti-Clock" (1979). These three films were reissued by the British Film Institute on Blu-ray and DVD on 13 July 2009.
In 1988 Bond directed the feature-length film "It Couldn't Happen Here" featuring Pet Shop Boys, as well as the music video for their single "Heart".
In 2010 Bond was interviewed by VBS.TV and Jamie Reynolds of the Klaxons for "VBS Meets...Jack Bond". The video and article are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="21469124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469124" title="Shreveport Open">
Shreveport Open

The Shreveport Open was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1991 to 2002. It was played at the Southern Trace Country Club in Shreveport, Louisiana. In its last year, it was sponsored by Hibernia National Bank and called the Hibernia Southern Open.
The purse in 2002 was $425,000, with $76,500 going to the winner.
Winners.
Hibernia Southern Open
BUY.COM Shreveport Open
NIKE Shreveport Open
Ben Hogan Shreveport Open

</doc>
<doc id="21469164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469164" title="Kjetil Jansrud">
Kjetil Jansrud

Kjetil Jansrud (born 28 August 1985) is a World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic champion from Norway. He races in all five alpine disciplines, and his best event used to be the giant slalom where he has 6 World Cup podiums and an Olympic silver medal. However, since 2012 he has become more of a speed specialist having won all three of his World Cup victories in the speed events, he recently won the Super-G and came 3rd in the Downhill in the Sochi 2014 Olympics.
Born in Stavanger, Jansrud hails from Vinstra in Gudbrandsdalen.
At the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Jansrud finished tenth in the combined. He broke his thumb in the Olympic giant slalom which ended his 2006 season. A bulging disc discovered that September kept him out of the entire 2007 season. Jansrud made his first World Cup podium in January 2009 at Adelboden and finished ninth in the super combined at the 2009 World Championships.
He won the silver medal in giant slalom at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Jansrud won his first World Cup race in March 2012 on home snow at Kvitfjell; he made the podium in all three speed events over the weekend, capped off with a victory in the super-G on Sunday.
At the first men's race of the 2013 World Championships, Jansrud crashed in the super-G, but got up and skied down to the finish. It was later revealed that he tore a ligament in his left knee, ending his 2013 season.
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Jansrud won gold in the super-G and bronze in the downhill at Rosa Khutor. At the first World Cup races following the games, he won two speed events at Kvitfjell.

</doc>
<doc id="21469165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469165" title="Giles Hattersley">
Giles Hattersley

Giles Hattersley (born 1979 or 1980) is a British journalist for "The Sunday Times" newspaper.
Career.
Hattersley attended Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, where he earned a Master of Arts (MA) degree in fashion journalism. His first job after obtaining his degree was an internship with "The Sunday Times" in its "Style" supplement, after which he moved to the "News Review" section where he became a feature writer. He served as producer of the 2002 horror film "Nine Lives", which starred Paris Hilton.
In 2005 Hattersley was short listed in the Young Journalist of the Year category at the British Press Awards, although in the end the award was given to Lucy Bannerman of "The Herald". Later, Hattersley succeeded Jasper Gerard as chief interviewer at the "Sunday Times", becoming the youngest person ever to hold that role.
In March 2007 Hattersley joined men's magazine "Arena" as its editor at a time when sales of the magazine were falling. The magazine underwent a well-received relaunch during his tenure that attracted praise from the industry for its fresh look, which aimed (in Hattersley's words) to make "Arena" "the authoritative monthly bible that arms its readers with the sharpest looks and opinions". However, sales continued to decline and in March 2008, it was announced that Hattersley would leave "Arena" and return to "The Sunday Times".

</doc>
<doc id="21469177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469177" title="Suctorial">
Suctorial

Suctorial pertains to the adaptation for sucking or suction, as possessed by marine parasites such as the Cookiecutter shark, specifically in a specialised lip organ enabling attachment to the host.
Suctorial organs of a different form are possessed by the Solifugae arachnids, enabling the climbing of smooth, vertical surfaces.
Another variation on the suctorial organ can be found as part of the glossa proboscis of Masarinae (pollen wasps), enabling nectar feeding from the deep and narrow corolla of flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21469202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469202" title="List of best-selling Wii video games">
List of best-selling Wii video games

This is a list of Wii video games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies, sorted in order of copies sold. As of March 2011, there are 103 Wii video games that have sold over 1 million units.
List.
<onlyinclude>
Total Wii games sold as of March 31, 2014: 895.22 million.
Total Virtual Console games sold as of December 31, 2007: over 10 million</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21469207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469207" title="List of songs recorded by Rufus Wainwright">
List of songs recorded by Rufus Wainwright

The columns Song, Album, and Year list each song title, the official release on which the song first appeared, and the year in which the song was released for the first time. The columns Length, Author, and Producer indicate the length of the track, the author of the song (most often Wainwright alone), and the producer of the track. References are also provided for each song in the last column of the table. While many songs listed appear on multiple releases (for example, "Spotlight on Christmas" appears on "Maybe This Christmas Too?", "The McGarrigle Christmas Hour", and "Elton John's Christmas Party"), songs are listed based on the first release and only appear twice when the recordings have different production information (producer, length, etc.).
The list includes original songs released on studio recordings, songs written but not performed by Wainwright, original songs performed live, and recorded cover songs.
Original songs.
Studio recordings.
Following is a list of original songs by Wainwright that have been released on a studio album, EP, soundtrack, compilation album, single, or DVD. Also included is "Ode to Antidote", a studio-quality promotional single used to promote a perfume by Viktor & Rolf, and "Patience is a Virtue", an original song available via digital download on Wal-Mart's website with the purchase of "Release the Stars".
Songs written, but not performed, by Wainwright.
Following is a chart containing songs originally written or co-written by Wainwright that do not appear on one of his original albums. The list includes songs performed solely by other artists and those that feature Wainwright as a co-lead or backing vocalist.
Demo recordings.
These songs appear on Wainwright's 1995 demo cassette (Desdemona Publishing) recorded by Pierre Marchand.
Songs performed live.
Following is a list of songs by Wainwright that have been performed live but have yet to appear on an official release:

</doc>
<doc id="21469211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469211" title="Calvia Quiz League">
Calvia Quiz League

Calvia Quiz League.
The Calvia Quiz League in Mallorca was started by Ann and Ian Morrison in 1995, and is the oldest Quiz League in the Balearics and probably in Spain and mainland Europe.
It was born out of a regular Saturday night quz involving three teams; The Rising Sun and Sean's Bar (both Santa Ponsa) and Cagney's Bar in Torrenova (Magalluf).
Eight teams took part in the first season, 1995-96, with The Rising Sun winning the first title. Played on a Sunday night, with matches starting at 8.00 pm. the League is primarily for English-speaking ex-pats.
After 18 years Ann and Ian Morrison retired at the end of the 2012-13 season and handed over to Richard Martin and Dee Harkins who took the League into its 19th season in 2013-14.
Format.
There is no limit on the number of players per team, thus allowing holidaymakers the opportunity to participate if they so wish. Each match consists of five rounds and both teams answer the same questions. The confer before the team captains write down their respective answers on the answer sheets provided. Round 12,4 and 5 consist of 10 questions made up of 5 'general' questions and one each on sport, music, films, television and places. The last question in each round is always a question with a three part answer.
Round three is a picture round and the teams have to identify 10 people, places or things.
The winning team receives two points for a win and each team gets one point for a drawn match. If teams are level on points at the end of the season then 'points scored' will separate teams.
League Champions.
For the Truman-Hardy Trophy

</doc>
<doc id="21469222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469222" title="Optimistic Tragedy (film)">
Optimistic Tragedy (film)

Optimistic Tragedy (, translit. "Optimisticheskaya tragediya") is a 1963 Soviet film directed by Samson Samsonov. It is based on the eponymous play by Vsevolod Vishnevsky and was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
"Optimistic Tragedy" was a Soviet blockbuster of 1963 with 46 millions tickets sold. The film was named Best Film of the Year and Margarita Volodina was named Best Actress of the Year by readers of the Soviet film magazine "Sovetsky Ekran".
The film was shot in Sovscope 70 on black and white film stock. The prints were split into three films for exhibition in Kinopanorama 70 in some theatres.
Plot.
During Russian Revolution of 1917, the Marine squad, led by anarchist leader Vozhak (Boris Andreyev) starts the revolt. The Central Committee of the Bolshevik Party sends a woman Commissar (Margarita Volodina) to form Red Army battalion from the marines to take part in the Russian Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="21469239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469239" title="Arthur Johnson (rugby league)">
Arthur Johnson (rugby league)

Arthur Johnson a.k.a. Arthur "Chick" Johnson (son of Old "Chick" (James) Johnson), a local to Widnes, played for Widnes RLFC in the early 1900s. 
On the 1914 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, Widnes provided Jack O'Garra, from a well-known footballing family, and Arthur "Chick," son of "old" Chick Johnson and renowned as an exponent of the long-dead art of dribbling a rugby ball. He was a forward playing out of position on the . With 20 minutes left in the game he dribbled the ball from inside his own half, beating the fullback. This paid off in a sensational test—, the Rorke's Drift Test of 1914.
Arthur Johnson, gained a cap for England at Widnes in 1914 versus Wales, and four caps for Great Britain while at Widnes in 1914 versus Australia, and New Zealand, and in 1920 versus Australia twice.
His Great Britain stats are below. 
Honoured at Widnes.
Arthur Johnson is a Widnes Hall Of Fame Inductee.
Note.
Johnson's forename is stated as Arthur on the rugby.widnes.tv website, but Albert on both the englandrl.co.uk, and rugbyleagueproject.org websites. The latter error is a longstanding one (dating back at least as far as Keith Macklin's 1962 book "History of Rugby League Football") and probably arises from confusion with Albert Johnson, a Great Britain player of the 1940s. However contemporary press reports, RFL playing registers and census records all confirm that the Widnes forward "Chick" Johnson was named Arthur and not Albert.

</doc>
<doc id="21469248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469248" title="Friss oder stirb">
Friss oder stirb

"Friss oder stirb" ("Feed or die") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It was released as a non-album single in 2004. It is a socially critical song about the current situation in Germany.
An English version, titled "Dog Eat Dog", was recorded for the soundtrack of "Land of Plenty".
"Goodbye Garageland", the b-side to this single, is a tribute to Joe Strummer, who died in 2002. Campino is a big fan of the Clash. The song contains quotes from classic Clash songs.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Daniel Siegler.
The band performs in an abstract, animated, black, white, and red city, where a highway with cars and trucks, fields with combine harvesters, a jet airplane and a field with pumpjacks play a prominent role as symbols of economy.

</doc>
<doc id="21469256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469256" title="Garrett TPF351">
Garrett TPF351

The Garrett TPF351 is a turboprop engine designed by Garrett Engine Division of AlliedSignal Aerospace Company. Initiated by Garrett in October 1989, the TPF351-20 engine was selected by Embraer to power the Embraer/FMA CBA 123 Vector, a high-speed commuter "pusher" aircraft. Both programs were cancelled in 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="21469278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469278" title="Alingar River">
Alingar River

The Alingar River (also Alingâr) is a river in eastern Afghanistan. It is one of the major tributaries of the Kabul River. It gives its name to Alingar District in Laghman Province and also passes through Mihtarlam in Mihtarlam District.

</doc>
<doc id="21469326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469326" title="Andy Thompson (baseball)">
Andy Thompson (baseball)

Andrew John Thompson (born October 8, 1975 in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball left fielder who played for the Toronto Blue Jays in .
Thompson was drafted straight out of Sun Prairie High School by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 23rd round of the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft. His best minor league season came in when he hit 31 home runs and had 95 RBI for Double-A Knoxville and Triple-A Syracuse. He started with Triple-A Syracuse, but was briefly promoted to the majors in May where he had 1 hit in the only 2 games of his major league career. He played in Toronto's organization again in and played , his final season, in the St. Louis Cardinals and Tampa Bay Devil Rays organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="21469350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469350" title="Kirk-Holden war">
Kirk-Holden war

The Kirk-Holden War was a struggle against the Ku Klux Klan in the state of North Carolina in 1870. The Klan was preventing recently freed slaves from exercising their right to vote by intimidating them. Governor William W. Holden hired Colonel George Washington Kirk, a former Union guerrilla leader, suspended the writ of habeas corpus, and imposed martial law in Caswell and Alamance counties to stop the Klan.
Background to the "war".
John W. Stephens, a Republican State Senator, was murdered by the Ku Klux Klan in the Caswell County Courthouse on May 21, 1870. Shortly before that, Wyatt Outlaw, the African American town commissioner of Graham, was lynched in Alamance County by the Klan. On July 8, 1870, Governor Holden declared the counties to be in a state of insurrection. George Kirk was brought in to stop the Klan. Holden suspended the writ of habeas corpus and imposed martial law in Caswell and Alamance counties to help Kirk in his efforts.
The war.
The war itself was little more than a police action. Governor Holden ordered Kirk to assemble a force and march on the city of Yanceyville. Kirk gathered some 300 volunteers and marched on the city in early July. Soon thereafter, he began arresting men, including some of the most respected citizens of the county: ex-Congressman John Kerr, lawyers Jacob Alson Long and James E. Boyd, Captain Joseph F. Mitchell, Sheriff Jesse C. Griffith, Barzillai Graves, Thomas J. Womack, and Yancey Jones. Kirk made about 100 arrests in a matter of weeks.
Lawyers immediately attempted to free their clients through the courts' writs of habeas corpus. Some requests were granted by the Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court. However, Governor Holden instructed Kirk to ignore these, and the matter was taken to the federal court in Salisbury. The federal judge ordered most of the prisoners released; none were ever tried.
Aftermath.
Governor Holden disbanded the militia in September 1870, and in November ended the state of insurrection in both counties. The men Kirk had arrested demanded his arrest and wanted him tried on charges of false imprisonment. The United States Marshall for Tennessee arrested Kirk and took him to Raleigh. However, he was secretly released and returned home to Tennessee.
Governor Holden was impeached, tried, and removed from office in a party-line vote not long after the Democrats took control of the North Carolina Legislature in the August 1870 election. Two additional charges beyond the six that received the 2/3 supermajority required for impeachment only achieved a majority, but Holden nevertheless became the first governor in the US removed from office.
On April 12, 2011, the North Carolina state Senate voted unanimously to pardon Governor Holden. The measure now awaits passage in the NC House.

</doc>
<doc id="21469439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469439" title="Colin Macaulay">
Colin Macaulay

Colin Macaulay (1760 – 20 February 1836), general, slavery abolitionist and campaigner. Macaulay was a son of the Rev. John Macaulay (1720–1789), minister in the Church of Scotland, grandson of Dòmhnall Cam. and his mother was Margaret Campbell. He had two brothers: Rev. Aulay Macaulay, scholar and antiquary, and Zachary Macaulay, colonial governor.
Macaulay served for thirty years in India, in the Company's army. He was present at Seringapatam, and was one of Sir David Bird's companions in the two years imprisonment under Tipu Sultan. He was for many years on intimate terms with the Duke of Wellington. He served a resident of the British East India Company for Travancore and Cochin during 1800-1810 and was the subject of an attack by Chempil Arayan. In 1811 he returned from India and took a little part in public affairs. He sat in Parliament for one Session (from 1826 to 1830) as Member for Saltash but did not take part in any debate. He was an active supporter of the British Bible Society and was engaged in the Abolition of Slavery. He became a member of the Society for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. He accompanied the Duke of Wellington to the Congress of Verona in 1822, where proposals were submitted for the entire Abolition of the Slave Trade.
In 1820 he visited the island of Zante in Greece and brought from there one of the most famous palimpsests, the Codex Zacynthius, to England.

</doc>
<doc id="21469475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469475" title="Jund Hims">
Jund Hims

Jund Hims (, "military district of Homs") (or Legion of Emessa) was one of the four military districts of the Caliphate province of Syria. Its capital was Homs, from which the district received its name. Its principal urban centres were Latakia, Tadmur, Jableh, Kafr Tab, Tarsus, Salamiyah, Bulunyas and the Fortress of Khawabi. 
After the Muslim conquest of Syria in the 7th century, the Rashidun caliph Umar divided Greater Syria into four districts, in which Jund Hims became the northernmost district. After the ascent of the Umayyad dynasty, it's caliph Muawiyah I separated the northern territories of Jund Hims, establishing Jund Qinnasrin out of them. The southern boundary line of Jund Hims laid immediately to the south of Qarah (Karah), while its northern limit lay beyond the village of al-Karashiyyah. Eastward were the towns of Tadmur and al-Qaryatayn.

</doc>
<doc id="21469480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469480" title="Delta A">
Delta A

The Delta A, or Thor-Delta A was an American expendable launch system used to launch two Explorer spacecraft in October 1962. A derivative of the Thor-Delta, it was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The first stage was a Thor missile in the DM-21 configuration, and the second stage was the Delta A, an uprated version of the original Delta. An Altair solid rocket motor was used as a third stage. Both launches occurred from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 17B, and were successful. The first launched Explorer 14, and the second Explorer 15.

</doc>
<doc id="21469499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469499" title="Pushed Again">
Pushed Again

"Pushed Again" is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It is the only single and the fifth track from the album "Crash-Landing".
The song is about being tormented by somebody and trying to get this somebody off the narrator's back.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Ralf Schmerberg. It shows the band performing, interspersed with clips of many different cases of riots, police brutality and violation of human rights in many countries, i.e. notably in China.

</doc>
<doc id="21469502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469502" title="Bassetti">
Bassetti

Bassetti is an Italian textile company.
It was founded in Milan in 1830 by Carlo Barboncini, as a textile emporium. In 1840 it opened a hand-weaving factory at Rescaldina, some 25 km to the north west, which employed around fifty women. Today it forms part of the Zucchi Group, which specialises in the manufacture and distribution of household linen and whose brands include ’Zucchi‘ and ‘Bassetti’ and Mascioni In Italy. .

</doc>
<doc id="21469519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469519" title="Odoroki ikka">
Odoroki ikka


</doc>
<doc id="21469538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469538" title="Moloka'i Light">
Moloka'i Light

Molokai Light, also known as U.S. Coast Guard Molokai Light, is a lighthouse in Kalawao County, Hawaii, on the island of Molokai. It was built in 1909 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21469545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469545" title="Katherine Hull-Kirk">
Katherine Hull-Kirk

Katherine Hull-Kirk (born 26 February 1982) is a professional golfer from Australia, currently playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and the ALPG Tour. She played under her maiden name, Katherine Hull, until her marriage to Tom Kirk on 2 August 2012.
Amateur career.
Hull began playing golf at age 12 in her native Australia. She attended Pepperdine University in Malibu, California, where she was an All-American in 2002–03 and was the NCAA Player of the Year in 2003. She collected eight collegiate wins during her career. Hull graduated from college in 2003 with a degree in Sports Administration.
Professional career.
After graduating from college in 2003, Hull turned professional, playing on the Duramed Futures Tour. She won her first two events as a professional, the Aurora Health Care FUTURES Charity Golf Classic, and the Lima Memorial Hospital Foundation FUTURES Classic the next week. She finished tied for 42nd at the final LPGA Qualifying Tournament in 2003 to earn non-exempt status on the LPGA Tour for 2004.
In 2006, Hull won two events on the Australian Ladies Professional Golf Tour (ALPG), and also earned full playing privileges on the LGPA Tour for 2007 after returning to the LPGA Qualifying Tour.
Hull's breakout year as a professional was 2008. She earned her first win on the LPGA Tour at the Canadian Women's Open and went on to record eight top-10 finishes during the season, including seven top 10s in her last ten events played. She finished 13th on the official LPGA money list.
She opened the 2009 season with a win in the ANZ Ladies Masters, a tournament co-sanctioned by the ALPG and the Ladies European Tour and finished on the of the Order of Merit for 2008/09 on the ALPG.
Professional wins (10).
Futures Tour (2).
Source:
Results in LPGA majors.
"Results not in chronological order before 2014."
^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013 
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
T = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="21469550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469550" title="Virtual network interface">
Virtual network interface

A virtual network interface (VIF) is an abstract virtualized representation of a computer network interface that may or may not correspond directly to a physical network interface.
Operating system level.
It is common for the operating system kernel to maintain a table of virtual network interfaces in memory. This may allow the system to store and operate on such information independently of the physical interface involved (or even whether it is a direct physical interface or for instance a tunnel or a bridged interface). It may also allow processes on the system to interact concerning network connections in a more granular fashion than simply to assume a single amorphous "Internet" (of unknown capacity or performance).
W. Richard Stevens, in volume 2 of his treatise
entitled TCP/IP Illustrated, refers to the kernel's Virtual Interface Table in his discussion of multicast routing. For example, a multicast router may
operate differently on interfaces that represent tunnels than on
physical interfaces (e.g. it may only need to collect membership information
for physical interfaces). Thus the virtual interface may need to divulge some
specifics to the user, such as whether or not it represents a physical
interface directly.
In addition to allowing user space applications to refer to abstract network
interface connections, in some systems a virtual interface framework may allow
processes to better coordinate the sharing of a given physical interface
(beyond the default operating system behavior) by hierarchically subdividing it
into abstract interfaces with specified bandwidth limits and queueing models.
This can imply restriction of the process, e.g. by inheriting a limited branch
of such a hierarchy from which it may not stray.
This extra layer of network abstraction is often unnecessary, and may have a
minor performance penalty. However, it is also possible to use such a
layer of abstraction to work around a performance bottleneck, indeed even to
bypass the kernel for optimization purposes.
Application level.
The term VIF has also been applied when the application virtualizes or
abstracts network interfaces. Since most software need not concern
itself with the particulars of network interfaces, and since the desired
abstraction may already be available through the operating system, this
usage is rare.

</doc>
<doc id="21469551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469551" title="Power Play (Canadian political affairs series)">
Power Play (Canadian political affairs series)

Power Play is a Canadian public affairs television show which airs weekdays on CTV News Channel. Interviews are conducted with important Canadian political figures as well as political journalists and strategists, and includes a regular segment with CTV's Craig Oliver. The show broadcasts from Parliament Hill and was hosted on a week-by-week basis by various CTVglobemedia journalists, including Jane Taber and Roger Smith, as temporary replacements for the original host Tom Clark upon his departure in September 2010.
On November 30, 2010, CTV announced that Don Martin, a newspaper columnist, would become the new host of "Power Play" starting in mid-December 2010.
"Power Play" is the permanent successor to "Mike Duffy Live", which aired until December 2008 when Mike Duffy, the host, was appointed to the Senate of Canada. Following the departure of Duffy, a program called On the Hill, hosted by Graham Richardson, ran for one month until "Power Play" premiered.

</doc>
<doc id="21469556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469556" title="Hypselodoris">
Hypselodoris

Hypselodoris is a genus of colorful sea slugs or dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae. 
Species.
Species in the genus "Hyselodoris" genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="21469565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469565" title="Marie Marchand-Arvier">
Marie Marchand-Arvier

Marie Marchand-Arvier (born 8 April 1985) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from France. Born in Laxou, she won a silver medal in the super-G at the 2009 World Championships. She finished fifth in the combined, and sixth in the downhill.
Marchand-Arvier competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, where her best result was 15th in the downhill. At the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver, she finished 7th in the downhill and tenth in the combined at Whistler Creekside.

</doc>
<doc id="21469577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469577" title="Winfrenatia">
Winfrenatia

Winfrenatia is the oldest known terrestrial lichen, known from the lower Devonian Rhynie Chert.
It comprises a thallus, made of layered, aseptate hyphae, with a number of depressions on its top surface. Each depression contains a net of hyphae holding a sheathed cyanobacterium. The fungus appears to be related to the Zygomycetes, and the photobiont resembles the coccoid Gloeocapsa and Chroococcidiopsis. There may be two separate algae, making the lichen a symbiosis of three organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="21469584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469584" title="Internet pornography">
Internet pornography

Internet pornography is any pornography that is accessible over the Internet, primarily via websites, peer-to-peer file sharing, or Usenet newsgroups. The availability of widespread public access to the World Wide Web in 1991 led to the growth of Internet pornography.
History and methods of distribution.
Before the World Wide Web.
Pornography is regarded by some as one of the driving forces behind the expansion of the World Wide Web, like the camcorder VCR and cable television before it. Pornographic images had been transmitted over the Internet as ASCII porn but to send images over network needed computers with graphics capability and also higher network bandwidth. This was possible in the late '80s and early '90s through the use of anonymous FTP servers and
through the Gopher protocol. At this time the internet was mainly an academic and military network and there was not widespread use of the internet. One of the early Gopher/FTP sites was at tudelft and was called the Digital Archive on the 17th Floor (List of websites founded before 1995). This small image archive contained some low quality scanned pornographic images that were initially available to anyone anonymously, but the site soon became restricted to Netherlands only access.
Usenet Groups.
Usenet newsgroups provided an early way of sharing images over the narrow bandwidth available in the early 1990s. Because of the network restrictions of the time, images had to be encoded as ascii text and then broken into sections before being posted to the Alt.binaries of the usenet. These files could then be downloaded and then reassembled before being decoded back to an image. Automated software such as Aub ("Assemble Usenet Binaries") allowed the automatic download and assembly of the images from a newsgroup. There was a rapid growth in the number of posts in the early 1990s but image quality was restricted by the size of files that could be posted.
The method was also used to disseminate pornographic images, which were scanned from adult magazines. This type of distribution was generally free (apart from fees for Internet access), and provided a great deal of anonymity. The anonymity made it safe and easy to ignore copyright restrictions, as well as protecting the identity of uploaders and downloaders. Around this time frame, pornography was also distributed via pornographic Bulletin Board Systems such as Rusty n Edie's. These BBSes could charge users for access, leading to the first commercial online pornography.
The invention of the World Wide Web spurred both commercial and non-commercial distribution of pornography. The rise of pornography websites offering photos, video clips and streaming media including live webcam access allowed greater access to pornography.
Free vs. commercial.
On the Web, there are both commercial and free pornography sites. The bandwidth usage of a pornography site is relatively high, and the income a free site can earn through advertising may not be sufficient to cover the costs of that bandwidth. One recent entry into the free pornography website market are Thumbnail gallery post sites. These are free websites that post links to commercial sites, providing a sampling of the commercial site in the form of thumbnail images, or in the form of Free Hosted Galleries—samplings of full-sized content provided and hosted by the commercial sites to promote their site. Some free websites primarily serve as portals by keeping up-to-date indexes of these smaller sampler sites. These intents to create directories about adult content and websites were followed by the creation of adult wikis where the user can contribute their knowledge and recommend quality resources and links. When a user purchases a subscription to a commercial site after clicking through from a free thumbnail gallery site, the commercial site makes a payment to the owner of the free site. There are several forms of sites delivering adult content.
TGP.
The most common form of adult content is a categorized list (more often it's a table) of small pictures (called "thumbnails") linked to galleries. These sites are called a Thumbnail gallery post (TGP). As a rule, these sites sort thumbs by category and type of content available on a linked gallery. Sites containing thumbs that lead to galleries with video content are called MGP (Movie Gallery Post). The main benefit of TGP/MGP is that the surfer can get a first impression of the content provided by a gallery without actually visiting it. The most abusive form of TGP is the so-called CJ (abbreviation for circlejerk), that contains links that mislead the surfer to sites he or she actually didn't wish to see. This is also called a redirect.
Linklists.
Linklists unlike TGP/MGP sites do not display a huge amount of pictures. A linklist is a (frequently) categorised web list of links to so called "freesites*", but unlike TGPs, links are provided in a form of text, not thumbs. It's still a question which form is more descriptive to a surfer, but many webmasters cite a trend that thumbs are much more productive, and simplify searching. On the other hand, LinkLists have a larger amount of unique text, so that helps them to improve their positions in search engine listings. TopLists are linklists whose internal ranking of freesites is based on incoming traffic from those freesites, except that freesites designed for TopLists have many more galleries.
Usenet.
Another free source of pornography on the Internet are the Usenet newsgroups that were the first home to such material. Newsgroups tend to be poorly organized and flooded with content that is off-topic or spam. Commercial software and websites are available that allow browsing the images or videos on newsgroups, sometimes with galleries of thumbnail images.
Peer-to-peer.
Peer-to-peer file sharing networks provide another form of free access to pornography. While such networks have been associated largely with the illegal sharing of copyrighted music and movies, the sharing of pornography has also been a popular use for file sharing. Many commercial sites have recognized this trend and have begun distributing free samples of their content on peer-to-peer networks.
Men and women viewers.
As of 2011 the majority of viewers of online pornography were men; women tended to prefer romance novels and erotic fan fiction. Women comprised about one quarter to one third of visitors to popular pornography websites, but were only 2% of subscribers to pay sites. Subscribers with female names were flagged as signs of potential credit card fraud, because "so many of these charges result in an angry wife or mother demanding a refund for the misuse of her card."
Internet pornography formats.
Image files.
Pornographic images may be either scanned into the computer from photographs or magazines, produced with a digital camera, or a frame from a video before being uploading onto a pornographic website. The JPEG format is one of the most common format for these images.
Video files and streaming video.
Pornographic video clips may be distributed in a number of formats, including MPEG, WMV, and QuickTime. More recently VCD and DVD image files allow distribution of whole VCDs and DVDs. Many commercial porn sites exist that allow one to view pornographic streaming video. Recently (mid-2006), some Internet pornography sites have begun offering High Definition Video content in WMV HD format.
Since mid-2006, advertising-supported free pornographic video hosting service websites based on the YouTube concept have appeared. Referred to as Porn 2.0, these sites generally use Flash technology to distribute videos that were uploaded by users; these include user-generated content as well as scenes from commercial porn movies and advertising clips from pornographic websites.
Webcams.
Another format of adult content that emerged with the advent of the Internet is live webcams. Webcam content can generally be divided into two categories: group shows offered to members of an adult paysite, and 1-on-1 private sessions usually sold on a pay-per-view basis. Currently the most popular video format for streaming live webcams is Flash Video FLV.
Server-based webcam sex shows spur unique international economics: adult models in various countries perform live webcam shows and chat for clients in affluent countries. This kind of activity is sometimes mediated by companies which will set up websites and manage finances. They may maintain "office" space for the models to perform from, or they provide the interface for models to work at home, with their own computer with webcam.
Other formats.
Other formats include text and audio files. While pornographic and erotic stories, distributed as text files, web pages, and via message boards and newsgroups, have been semi-popular, audio porn, via formats like MP3 and FLV, have seen only very limited distribution. Audio porn can include recordings of people having sex or reading erotic stories. Pornographic magazines are available in Zinio format, which provides a reader program to enable access.
Combination formats, such as webteases that consist of images and text have also emerged.
Legal status.
The Internet is an international network and there are currently no international laws regulating pornography; each country deals with Internet pornography differently. Generally, in the United States, if the act depicted in the pornographic content is legal in the jurisdiction that it is being distributed "from" then the distributor of such content would not be in violation of the law regardless of whether it is accessible in countries where it is illegal. This does not apply to those who "access" the pornography, however, as they could still be prosecuted under local laws in their country. Due to enforcement problems in anti-pornography laws over the Internet, countries that prohibit or heavily restrict access to pornography have taken other approaches to limit access by their citizens, such as employing content filters.
Many activists and politicians have expressed concern over the easy availability of Internet pornography, especially to minors. This has led to a variety of attempts to restrict children's access to Internet pornography such as the 1996 Communications Decency Act in the United States. Some companies use an Adult Verification System (AVS) to deny access to pornography by minors. However, most Adult Verification Systems charge fees that are substantially higher than the actual costs of any verification they do (for example, in excess of $10/month) and are really part of a revenue collection scheme where sites encourage users to sign up for an AVS system, and get a percentage of the proceeds in return.
In response to concerns with regard to children accessing age-inappropriate content, the adult industry, through the Association of Sites Advocating Child Protection (ASACP), began a self-labeling initiative called the Restricted to Adults label (RTA). This label is recognized by many web filtering products and is entirely free to use.
Most employers have distinct policies against the accessing of any kind of online pornographic material from company computers, in addition to which some have also installed comprehensive filters and logging software in their local computer networks.
One area of Internet pornography that has been the target of the strongest efforts at curtailment is child pornography. Because of this, most Internet pornography websites based in the U.S. have a notice on their front page that they comply with 18 USC Section 2257, which requires the keeping of records regarding the age of the people depicted in photographs, along with displaying the Name of the company record keeper. Some site operators outside the U.S. have begun to include this compliance statement on their websites as well.
On April 8, 2008 Evil Angel and its owner John Stagliano were charged in federal court with multiple counts of obscenity. One count was for, "using an interactive computer service to display an obscene movie trailer in a manner available to a person under 18 years of age."
Web filters and blocking software.
A variety of content-control, parental control and filtering software is available to block pornography and other classifications of material from particular computers or (usually company-owned) networks. Commercially available Web filters include Bess, Net Nanny, SeeNoEvil, SurfWatch, and others. Various work-arounds and bypasses are available for some of these products; Peacefire is one of the more notable clearinghouses for such countermeasures.
Child pornography.
The Internet has radically changed how child pornography is reproduced and disseminated, and, according to the United States Department of Justice, resulted in a massive increase in the "availability, accessibility, and volume of child pornography." The production of child pornography has become very profitable, bringing in several billion dollars a year, and is no longer limited to pedophiles. Philip Jenkins notes that there is "overwhelming evidence that pornography is all but impossible to obtain through nonelectronic means."
The NCMEC estimated in 2003 that 20 percent of all pornography traded over the Internet was child pornography, and that since 1997 the number of child pornography images available on the Internet had increased by 1500 percent. Regarding internet proliferation, the US DOJ states that "At any one time there are estimated to be more than one million pornographic images of children on the Internet, with 200 new images posted daily." They also note that a single offender arrested in the United Kingdom possessed 450,000 child pornography images, and that a single child pornography site received a million hits in a month. Further, much of the trade in child pornography takes place at hidden levels of the Internet. It has been estimated that between 50,000 and 100,000 pedophiles are involved in organized pornography rings around the world, and that one third of them operate from the United States. Digital cameras and Internet distribution facilitated by the use of credit cards and the ease of transferring images across national borders has made it easier than ever before for users of child pornography to obtain the photographs and videos.
In 2007, the British-based Internet Watch Foundation reported that child pornography on the Internet is becoming more brutal and graphic, and the number of images depicting violent abuse has risen fourfold since 2003. The CEO stated "The worrying issue is the severity and the gravity of the images is increasing. We're talking about prepubescent children being raped." About 80 percent of the children in the abusive images are female, and 91 percent appear to be children under the age of 12. Prosecution is difficult because multiple international servers are used, sometimes to transmit the images in fragments to evade the law.

</doc>
<doc id="21469591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469591" title="List of best-selling Nintendo GameCube video games">
List of best-selling Nintendo GameCube video games

Nintendo GameCube games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
List.
<onlyinclude>
</includeonly>
</onlyinclude>
<onlyinclude>Total Nintendo GameCube games sold as of December 31, 2009: 208.57 million.</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21469592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469592" title="Maybe I'll Come Home in the Spring">
Maybe I'll Come Home in the Spring

"Maybe I'll Come Home in The Spring" was a 1971 Television Movie for ABC.
It starred Sally Field as Denise "Dennie" Miller, a young girl who returns to her parents' suburban home after a year of living with hippies. Her parents were played by Eleanor Parker and Jackie Cooper, and Lane Bradbury played her younger sister, Susie, who also is following in her footsteps, wanting the idealistic hippie life but making some rash decisions in the process. David Carradine played Dennie's boyfriend, and he comes back to try and win her back. Linda Ronstadt is heard on several of the songs used in the movie. At the end of the movie, Susie runs away from home as Dennie had earlier in the movie. This was originally aired on February 16, 1971.
References.
Marill, Alvin H. "Movies made for Television." 1980. Arlington House

</doc>
<doc id="21469602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469602" title="Julio Robaina (legislator)">
Julio Robaina (legislator)

Julio Robaina is a state representative from Florida. He was first elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2003 from District 117. He ran for Florida Senate from District 36, which was being vacated by Alex Diaz de la Portilla, losing to Miguel Diaz de la Portilla, Alex's brother, in the Republican primary.
Robaina was born in Miami, Florida and graduated from South Miami Senior High School and graduated with an Associate's Degree from Miami Dade Community College in 1983. Prior to being elected to the Florida House of Representatives he served as Commissioner, Vice-Mayor, and Mayor of South Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21469606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469606" title="Active daylighting">
Active daylighting

Active daylighting is a system of collecting sunlight using a mechanical device to increase the efficiency of light collection for a given lighting purpose. Active daylighting systems are different from passive daylighting systems in that passive systems are stationary and do not actively follow or track the sun.
Types of active daylighting control systems.
There are two types of active daylighting control systems: closed loop solar tracking, and open loop solar tracking systems. 
Closed loop systems track the sun by relying on a set of lens or sensors with a limited field of view, directed at the sun, and are fully illuminated by sunlight at all times. As the sun moves, it begins to shade one or more sensors, which the system detect and activates motors or actuators to move the device back into a position where all sensors are once again equally illuminated.
Open loop systems track the sun without physically following the sun via sensors (although sensors may be used for calibration). These systems typically employ electronic logic which controls device motors or actuators to follow the sun based on a mathematical formula. This formula is typically a pre-programmed sun path chart, detailing where the sun will be at a given latitude and at a given date and time for each day.

</doc>
<doc id="21469636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469636" title="Allen Center">
Allen Center

The Allen Center is a skyscraper complex in Downtown Houston, Texas, United States. It consists of five buildings, One Allen Center (500 Dallas Street), Two Allen Center (1200 Smith Street), Three Allen Center (333 Clay Street), Allen Center Clay Street (Clay Street), and Five Allen Center (Houston). The complex has about of space.
History.
The area that became the Allen Center was originally considered to be an eastern portion of the Fourth Ward. The opening of Interstate 45 in the 1950s separated the eastern portion from the rest of the Fourth Ward; that portion became the Allen Center and is now considered to be a part of Downtown Houston.
TrizecHahn Properties acquired the Allen Center in 1996. Trizec defeated 16 other real estate companies so it could purchase the center for an amount reported by Tanya Rutledge of the "Houston Business Journal" as $270 million.
When Trizec acquired the Allen Center in November 1996, the complex had a 76 percent occupancy rate. By 1997, Trizec had convinced several tenants of the Cullen Center, also owned by Trizec, to relocate to the Allen Center. Paul Layne, a vice president of the office division of Trizec, said that the shifting of tenants would lead to Allen Center having an occupancy rate of 92 percent in 1998.
In 2001, when Enron collapsed, it vacated of space in the Allen Center and Cullen Center complexes in Downtown Houston.
In 2010 Devon Energy was trying to sublease about of space that it occupies in the Allen Center complex. Hess Corporation will vacate around of space in the complex when a new office tower in the east side of Downtown Houston opens.
One Allen Center.
One Allen Center is a 452 ft (138m) tall skyscraper. It was completed in 1972 and has 34 floors. It is the 31st tallest building in the city. One Allen Center employs a composite stub-girder steel frame floor system, originally developed in part by Joseph Colaco then of Ellisor Engineers Inc., currently of CBM Engineers, Inc..
Macquarie Bank houses its Houston representative office in Suite 3100 of the building.
Two Allen Center.
Two Allen Center was known as the Citicorp Building in 1989. During that year Exxon had office space there.
Greater Houston Partnership has its offices in Suite 700, on the seventh floor.
Devon Energy had its Houston office there. In October 2012 Devon Energy announced that it was closing its office there, affecting 500 jobs.
Two Allen Center also hosts the headquarters of Houston-based national tax law firm Chamberlain Hrdlicka.
Previously Trizec Properties had its Houston offices in Suite 1100.
Three Allen Center.
Three Allen Center is a 685-foot (209 m) tall skyscraper completed in 1983 with 50 floors. It is the 12th-tallest building in the city.
Four Allen Center.
1400 Smith Street was known as Four Allen Center.
In 2006 Brookfield Properties acquired the Four Allen Center for $120 million. At the same time Brookfield announced that Chevron USA signed a lease for the entire building. Brookfield held 4 Allen Center in a joint partnership with the private equity group The Blackstone Group. As of 2006 the joint venture has of office space in Downtown Houston, making it the largest office owner in the central business district.
Beginning in 2006 Chevron leased the entirety of the building. In June 2011 Chevron bought the building from Brookfield for $340 million.
Tenants.
One Allen Center
Two Allen Center
Three Allen Center
At one point the Consulate-General of Switzerland in Houston resided in Suite 1040 of Two Allen Center; the mission closed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21469671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469671" title="Vitex pinnata">
Vitex pinnata

Vitex pinnata is a tree of the Verbenaceae family, native to south and south east Asia. It is known by a variety of local names, "Milla" in Ceylon,"laban" in Indonesia, "gulimpapa" in Sulawesi, "kyetyo po" in Myanmar, "leban" in Malaysia, "molave" in the Philippines, "tinnok" in Thailand and Bình linh lông in Vietnam. It is a slow growing tree, growing up to 20 metres with 1-3 m. circumference trunk that has a grey-brown-yellow bark; its leaves are scented.
General Description.
Bark fissured, flaky, pale yellowish grey to brown; inner bark pale yellow becoming green on exposure; sapwood soft yellow to brown. Leaves 3- or 5-foliolate. Leaflets almost sessile, outer two usually much smaller than the others, ovate or elliptic, 3–25 cm long, 1.5–10 cm wide; base rounded to slightly wedge-shaped; apex acuminate; margin entire; secondary veins 10—20 pairs; Inflorescences terminal panicles; Flowers whitish blue. Fruits 5–8 mm in diameter; ripening black 
Distribution.
Indo-Malesia covered Borneo; Sabah, Serawak and all provinces of Kalimantan. Indonesia, North to India, Sri Lanka and Cambodia. In the Philippines this species is only known from the islands of Palawan, Culion and Tawi- Tawi 
Local Names.
Indonesia: Kalimantan: Laban; Amola, Gagil, Humulawan, Kalapapa, Kulimpapa batu, Kulimpapa simpor, Kulumpapa, Laban daun menjari, Laben, Leban, Pagil. Sumba island: Hiketaroe; Komodo: Pampa; Sumatra: Kopiher (Karo language), Aloban-bátu, Aloban Kardoek or Aloban búnga. Malaysia: Bunyak laban.
Taxonomy.
"Vitex pinnata" has many depreciated synonyms, including "Vitex pubescens" and "Vitex arborea".
Ecology.
Growing well usually in secondary forests, on riverbanks and along roads including in marginal land such as "Imperata cylindrica" area. The species seemingly tolerates regular fires. In tropic condition such as in East Kalimantan, flowering and fruiting are almost all the time from January to December. The fruits are eaten by birds and seeds cannot germinate under the shade and need light to germinate
Uses.
"Vitex pinnata" has a very strong and durable wood, it is durable even in contact with water or soil.
It is a grayish brown in color. Density is about 930 kg per cubic metre (58 lbs per cubic foot). Wood is used for posts, door and window frames, sleepers and some furniture.
The wood is used for construction and the manufacture of knife handles. Leaves and bark are used to treat abdominal pain, fever and malaria.
Conservation status.
Least concern.
Propagation.
"Vitex pinnata" can be propagated by seeds, cuttings and wildlings. One kilogram seeds of "Vitex pinnata" are around 1100-1200 seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="21469676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469676" title="Campus Threads">
Campus Threads

Campus Threads (University Avenue) is a collegiate clothing and accessories store in Lincolnshire, IL. Campus Threads serves the surrounding community including Buffalo Grove, Deerfield, Libertyville, Vernon Hills, Long Grove, Barrington, and Highland Park. The store is located in the CityPark retail center.
History.
Campus Threads, LLC was officially created on July 21, 2006. The doors to the store officially opened on December 1, 2006. The first and only store is located in Lincolnshire, IL on the corner of Aptakisic and Milwaukee roads. The retail store is located in CityPark strip mall. The two owners Ruth Marion and Fern McNamara met on the high school football field of their sons’.
The store has a wide range of products including hoodies, T-shirts, jerseys, hats, accessories, and other items to decorate a college dorm room. Campus Threads sells merchandise for over 70 schools and add schools as they are requested or become more popular in the area. They even have a youth section with many items specifically for children.
In February 2009 Campus Threads will officially change its name to University Avenue (University Ave for short).
Owners.
Ruth Marion.
Ruthie Marion lives in Buffalo Grove, IL and is married to Marty Marion; they have two sons. Ruthie is also the owner of an additional business that specializes in banners. Zenon Co. is based in Buffalo Grove.; She was looking to get into another business and when approached by Fern McNamara was intrigued. Ruthie's division of Zenon Co. makes banners for light poles.
Fern McNamara.
Fern lives in Buffalo Grove, IL and is married to John McNamara; they have four sons. John works in the logistics industry. Fern came up with the idea in early 2006 while Ruthie was looking to get into other ventures.
Services.
Merchandise is available for over 70 colleges and universities. The list is always expanding.
Collegiate Clothing.
Apparel is one of the main aspects of the business with products including:
Collegiate Accessories.
Accessories and other items for the dorm room and a student heading off to college include:
Gifts.
Any of the above items can be purchased as gifts. The staff can help you make selections based on what is popular and where a student is going to school. Gift cards are also available in any amount $5 and up. Free gift wrapping is provided upon request.
Name Change.
In February 2009 Campus Threads is changing its name to University Avenue. The store will undergo a brand identity change including new store signs, store colors and painting, graphics including the logo, advertisements, bags, gift cards, and website. As of February 28 Campus Threads' web page will forward to the new website for University Avenue.
Philanthropy.
Campus Threads engages in multiple philanthropic opportunities. Organizations can host a Fundraising Night for their group where a percentage of the sales go towards the group. In cooperation with Adlai E. Stevenson High School they ran a canned food drive to benefit food pantries, in return for a canned good customers received a discount on their purchase.
Other Stores in the Area.
CityPark is owned by ECD Company. The area offers a great selection of retail shopping, dining, entertainment, and professional venues.

</doc>
<doc id="21469689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469689" title="Sunflower Corporation">
Sunflower Corporation

Sunflower Corporation (Daylighting) is a start-up company founded in 2004 and based in Boulder Colorado, USA. Sunflower develops natural daylighting technology for use in commercial spaces.
The company focuses on active daylighting systems (as opposed to passive daylighting systems), which give these systems the ability to make greater use of available daylight for a longer period of time throughout the day.
New technology and interest.
Sunflower Corporation was the recipient of a $25,000 grant from the Governor's Energy Office of Colorado, to bring its product, a "system that harvests sunlight and delivers it into interior spaces" to Colorado schools. Their patent pending technology is being considered by the state to be a 'key component' for a 'new push' in high-performance buildings.
Community Support.
Sunflower Corporation has been active in supporting various public organizations in Colorado. The company has donated a number of Sundolier units to local schools, including a unit given to Longmont High School in Longmont, CO. Additionally a unit was donated to the Phillip S. Miller Library in Douglas County, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="21469694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469694" title="Cortinarius rotundisporus">
Cortinarius rotundisporus

Cortinarius rotundisporus, also known as the elegant blue webcap, is a basidiomycete mushroom of the genus "Cortinarius" found in southern Australia, where it is found in eucalypt forests and rainforests. The cap of the fruit body is a steely blue colour, with a yellowish boss, and paler similarly coloured stipe.
Taxonomy.
"Cortinarius rotundisporus" was initially described by naturalists John Burton Cleland and Edwin Cheel in 1918. It is a member of the subgenus "Myxacium" within the genus "Cortinarius"; these species are characterized by the presence of a viscid to glutinous outer veil and stipe. Its specific name is derived from the Latin "rotundus" "round", and Ancient Greek "spora" "seed".
Description.
The cap ranges from 2.5 to 7 cm (1–3 in) in diameter, and is initially convex before flattening. It has a slight boss that is mustard-, honey- or cream-yellow tinged and steely blue elsewhere. The adnate gills are creamy or lilac-tinged early, and darken with the spores. The slender 5–7.5 cm (2–3 in) stipe lacks a ring; it is pale yellow or white with a tinge of the cap colour. The flesh is yellowish and may have a lilac or pale blue tinge. The spore print is reddish brown and the oval to round spores measure 8.5 × 6.5 µm. There is no particular taste or smell. Potassium hydroxide will produce a pink-purple reaction in the stipe or cap. The mycelium is white.
Distribution and habitat.
Fruit bodies are found in eucalypt forests and rainforests. It has been found in New South Wales, Victoria, southeastern South Australia, southern Western Australia, and Tasmania. It has also been recorded from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="21469711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469711" title="Torpedo Factory Art Center">
Torpedo Factory Art Center

The Torpedo Factory Art Center is an art center located on the waterfront of the Potomac River at 105 North Union Street in the Old Town of Alexandria, Virginia, United States. Historically it was a torpedo factory and munitions storage site.
It houses more than 82 artists' studios, 6 galleries and two workshops, with some 165 professional visual artists who produce a diversity of artwork, ranging from painting, ceramics, photography, jewelry, stained glass, fiber, printmaking, and sculpture. The six galleries located at the Torpedo Factory include the Target Gallery, The Art League Gallery, Enamelists Gallery, the Multiple Exposures Gallery which specializes in photography, the Potomac Fiber Arts Gallery and the Scope Gallery which specializes in ceramics. 
The center attracts around 500,000 visitors annually.
History.
On November 12, 1918, the U.S. Navy began constructing a torpedo factory in Alexandria, named the U.S. Naval Torpedo Station. Over the next five years it was responsible for the manufacture and maintenance of torpedoes and subsequently served as a munitions storage area until World War II. As the demand for weapons dramatically increased during the war it resumed production activity and the factory was substantially expanded with ten new buildings. A green Mark XIV torpedo was manufactured in the factory in 1945, which is still on display.
After World War II, production ceased and the factory was used throughout the 1950s and 1960s by the Smithsonian Institution, which stored art and paleaontological items there, and by Congress for storing documents. In 1969, the President of the Art League, Marian Van Landingham, proposed to adapt the building into studios for working artists. Following the approval of the Commission, the factory was purchased by the City of Alexandria from the Federal Government. Large-scale renovation began in May 1974 and the new center formally opened on September 15, 1974. From 1982 to 1983, the building underwent further renovation in compliance with the City's waterfront development plan and was entirely gutted and rebuilt with a new ventilation system and central heating. It formally reopened on May 20, 1983. Adjacent industrial facilities were demolished to build the Torpedo Factory Condominiums in 1985. The Torpedo Factory Condominiums is a condominium community located between N. Union St. and Lee St. The community is less than a block from Alexandria’s waterfront and a block from the shops and restaurants of King St.

</doc>
<doc id="21469760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469760" title="2009 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup">
2009 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup

The 2009 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup was an ATP World Tour and WTA Tour event held at the hardcourts of the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee. It was the 34th edition of the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the 24th edition of the Cellular South Cup. The Regions Morgan Keegan Championships was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series on the 2009 ATP World Tour, and the Cellular South Cup was an International-level tournament on the 2009 WTA Tour. Both of the events took place from February 15 to February 22, 2009.
The men's draw was led by Australian Open & San Jose semifinalist plus 2002 champion Andy Roddick, Auckland champion Juan Martín del Potro, San Jose semifinalist plus 2002 runner-up James Blake, Auckland semifinalist and 2006 and 2008 runner-up Robin Söderling, Brisbane titlist Radek Štěpánek, Igor Andreev, Mardy Fish and Auckland runner-up Sam Querrey.
The women's draw was headed by WTA #12 Caroline Wozniacki, Brisbane winner Victoria Azarenka, Lucie Šafářová, Auckland semifinalist Anne Keothavong, Marina Erakovic, Sabine Lisicki, Alla Kudryavtseva and Pauline Parmentier.
WTA Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
ATP entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="21469764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469764" title="Libypithecus">
Libypithecus

Libypithecus markgrafi is an extinct genus of primate that lived in the Late Miocene.

</doc>
<doc id="21469786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469786" title="Gorgopithecus">
Gorgopithecus

Gorgopithecus is an extinct genus of primate, closely related to the baboons.

</doc>
<doc id="21469810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469810" title="Kani-Kombole">
Kani-Kombole


</doc>
<doc id="21469830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469830" title="John Hobbis Harris">
John Hobbis Harris

Sir John Hobbis Harris (29 July 1874 – 30 April 1940) was an English missionary, campaigner against slavery and Liberal Party politician.
Family.
Harris was born in Wantage, Oxfordshire. His father, also John Hobbis Harris, was a plumber and later a builder. On 6 May 1898 he married Alice Seeley from Frome in Somerset. They had two sons and two daughters.
Career.
Harris worked in the City of London for a firm of gentlemen’s outfitters. He was a devout Christian and did evangelical social work before training to become a Baptist missionary in Central Africa. He and his wife departed for the Congo Free State soon after their marriage but they were soon horrified by the brutal treatment, murder and enslavement of the native people at the hands of the Belgian agents exploiting the territory for rubber and ivory.
Campaigner.
To protest at what they saw in Africa, Harris and his wife became active campaigners. They brought these atrocities to the attention of the British government and politicians, gave evidence at hearings, published books, papers and photographs, gave lectures and addressed hundreds of public meetings. Ahead of his time, Harris became a campaigner against the colonial system of the day and promoted the idea of self-determination for native peoples. One of the political campaigners he found would listen was E D Morel who was a co-founder of the Congo Reform Association of which Harris was a member. Harris valued international co-operation and was for a while a member of the Executive Committee of the League of Nations Union.
Politics.
1910–1922.
From 1910 Harris was parliamentary secretary to the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society. This association led him to take up active politics. He was President of Dulwich Liberal Association and first contested a Parliamentary seat at Camberwell North West as an Independent Asquithian Liberal at the 1922 general election. In a three-cornered contest with Dr T J Macnamara the Lloyd George National Liberal and Dr H B W Morgan for Labour Harris came third with 19.5% of the vote.
1923.
Harris entered Parliament at the 1923 general election when he was elected Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for North Hackney, defeating the sitting Conservative member Sir Walter Greene by 11,177 votes to 9,523 – a majority of 1,654.
1924–1929.
He defended his seat in general election of 1924 but this time, against a new Tory candidate, Austin Hudson and facing a three-cornered fight with Labour he lost to Hudson by 4,794 votes.
Harris tried to regain his seat the 1929 general election. In a tight three-cornered fight in which he gained 31.4% of the poll, to Hudson’s 35.7% and Labour’s 32.9%, he fell into third place.
1931.
Harris tried once more to re-enter the House of Commons. At the 1931 general election he fought the Wiltshire seat of Westbury. This must have seemed a winnable seat as the result at the 1929 general election had been a narrow victory for the Conservative Richard Long by just 67 votes over the Liberal Harcourt Johnstone, with Labour in third place. However in the conditions of the 1931 general election and the crisis which had led to the formation of the National Government of Ramsay MacDonald, although neither Conservative nor Liberal candidates fought with the suffix National on their descriptions, the Tory Robert Grimston seems to have picked up the pro-government surge and won with a majority of 5,935 over Harris with Labour in third place.
Harris did not stand for Parliament again.
Knighthood.
Harris was knighted in the New Year Honours list of 1933 for his services to the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society.
Death.
Harris died suddenly from bronchitis and a cerebral haemorrhage on 30 April 1940 in the garden of his home in Frome, aged 65 years. His death was unexpected as he had been at work only a few days before.

</doc>
<doc id="21469844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469844" title="Paracolobus">
Paracolobus

Paracolobus is an extinct genus of primate in the Colobini tribe, which also contains the living colobus monkeys. It lived in eastern Africa in the early to late Pliocene.

</doc>
<doc id="21469852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469852" title="South Carolina State Bulldogs and Lady Bulldogs">
South Carolina State Bulldogs and Lady Bulldogs

The South Carolina State Bulldogs and Lady Bulldogs (also SC State) refer to the fourteen sports teams representing South Carolina State University in Orangeburg, South Carolina in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, tennis, and track and field; women's-only bowling, golf, soccer, softball, and volleyball; and men's-only football. The Bulldogs compete in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and most teams are members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference; the women's soccer team plays in the Great West Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="21469886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469886" title="Dinopithecus">
Dinopithecus

Dinopithecus was an extinct genus of giant baboon (as big as a grown man) that lived during the Pliocene of South Africa. Males grew to , but females were limited in size to tall.

</doc>
<doc id="21469893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469893" title="Islanded in a Stream of Stars">
Islanded in a Stream of Stars

"Islanded in a Stream of Stars" is the twentieth episode in the fourth season of the reimagined "Battlestar Galactica". It aired on television in the United States and Canada on March 6, 2009. The survivor count shown in the title sequence is 39,521. The Region 1 DVD release of Season 4.5 includes an extended version of this episode.
Plot.
Repairs on "Galactica" continue, but it seems little headway is being made. The ship's systems are fluctuating, and a major hull breach kills 61 people, 26 of them Cylons.
Ellen Tigh states that if Cavil's plan is to study Hera and learn what made her a successful human-Cylon hybrid, he would take her to "The Colony", which is a large biomechanical structure similar in composition to the Basestars (after the armistice, the Final Five and the Centurions retreated to this "home"). Under protest, Adama allows a heavy raider to be sent to The Colony, not wanting to risk the whole fleet. In their room, Helo and Athena are distraught over the kidnapping of their daughter. Helo asks Adama for a Raptor so that he can go look for Hera, but Adama tells him that the Cylons have already reported back that the Colony has moved. 
As Boomer plots several jumps to the Colony in order to deliver Hera to Cavil, Hera begins to whine and cry for her mother. Boomer grabs a needle with a sedative in it and threatens Hera with it, but finds herself unwilling to forcibly sedate her. Boomer begins to tell Hera about her dream home with Tyrol on Picon, revealing that it was, in fact, once her dream and not simply a ruse created to manipulate Galen Tyrol. Hera reaches for Boomer's hand and connects with her, allowing the little girl to project the dwelling in Boomer's imagination. This is a welcome surprise for Boomer as she knew not whether Hera, who is half Cylon and half human, possessed this ability. Boomer arrives at The Colony with Hera and delivers her to Cavil. Hera becomes upset when she is handed over, and Boomer also seems reluctant to give her up. 
Gaius Baltar meets Kara Thrace in one of the ship's heads, where Kara tells him that she discovered her own body on Earth and asks him to analyze her dog tags. Baltar finds blood on the tag that came from a body which was already dead whose DNA matches Starbuck's. At the burial of those lost in the hull breach, Baltar reveals what he has discovered and designates Starbuck an angel. Admiral Adama yells at him to be quiet, and Starbuck slaps him across the face. Later, Apollo meets with Starbuck and offers her his unconditional love and support. Starbuck puts a photo of herself on the memorial wall of the dead.
Samuel Anders has been transferred to a hybrid tank in the hopes it would help him recover, but he remains comatose. Kara visits him and decides to shoot him as an act of mercy, but the still-comatose Sam grabs the gun and begins to speak like the hybrid. Arriving in Anders' room, Tigh is informed that Anders has gotten into the ship's programming. The Cylon biopolymer fluid which repair crews have painted upon "Galactica"s hull has made possible a connection between Anders' hybrid tank and "Galactica"s electrical systems. When the Eight states that it is theoretically possible for Anders to gain control of "Galactica"s FTL drive and jump away, Tigh orders that he be taken offline. Kara visits Sam and says they will work out the meaning of the song ("All Along the Watchtower") together. She plugs Sam back in and he says, "new command".
Adama informs Tigh that he has made a decision: he plans to abandon the ship. Adama orders a stop to the repairs on the ship, and he instructs the crew to begin stripping down "Galactica", start offloading civilians, and transfer the crew and weapons to the basestar. When Tigh objects, Adama states that the ship is dying and wants to send her off "in style". Adama and Tigh both salute the damaged "Galactica" with a drink as the episode ends.
Deleted scenes.
A number of scenes were omitted for time. There was at least one scene of Galen Tyrol in the brig, having confessed to his actions in the previous episode. An extended cut of the episode is available on the season 4.5 DVD.
Trivia.
According to the "Battlestar Galactica: The Official Companion" season four guide by Titan Books, director Frank Darabont, helmer of the motion picture adaptations of "The Shawshank Redemption" and "The Green Mile", as well as a major fan of the re-imagined "Battlestar Galactica" series, was originally slated to direct "Islanded in a Stream of Stars," but was forced to withdraw due to scheduling conflicts.
Ratings.
"Islanded in a Stream of Stars" was seen by 1.568 million viewers (live viewing plus same day digital video recorder viewing), about 100,000 fewer viewers than for the previous episode.
Critical reception.
Alan Sepinwall of The Star-Ledger praised the performances, noting that "almost everyone went to some new, scarier places in this one." IGN's Eric Goldman felt the strongest part of the episode were the scenes between Boomer and Hera, praising Grace Park's performance as both Boomer and Athena. Goldman felt the scene in which Adama breaks down over the inevitable loss of Galactica "lacked as much weight as it seemed intended to have" but felt Islanded in a Stream of Stars was "a decent episode overall". Marc Bernardin of Entertainment Weekly felt the episode lacked cohesion, calling it a "collage of moments" though some of those moments were "lovely and heartbreaking and fantastic" and felt Tahmoh Penikett gave his best performance of the series. Paste Magazine's writer Michael Saba felt the scene between Adama and Roslin in the sickbay was a "surprisingly emotional moment" but that overall the episode was really "about setting up for the finale". The Chicago Tribune wrote that the episode "felt like an elegiac farewell" and particularly praised the performance given by Mary McDonnell. Alan Stanley Blair of Airlock Alpha felt that the storyline concerning Athena and Helo coping with the loss of Hera deserved more airtime but felt that Olmos gave both "fantastic acting and direction".

</doc>
<doc id="21469909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469909" title="Space Network">
Space Network

Space Network (SN) is a NASA program that combines space and ground elements to support spacecraft communications in Earth vicinity. The SN Project Office at Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC) manages the SN, which consists of:
Satellite generations.
Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS) currently consists of first generation (F1-F7), and second generation (F8-F10) satellites. 
The space segment of the SN consists of up to six operational relay satellites in geosynchronous orbit. These communications satellites are allocated longitudes for relaying forward and return service signals to and from customers, any entity with an Earth-orbiting satellite that has an agreement with SN to use its communications services, for data transfer and tracking. An additional TDRS, F1, provides dedicated support to the National Science Foundation (NSF) through the use of the WSC Alternate Relay Terminal (WART). Additional spare TDRSs may be in geosynchronous orbit. 
All first generation TDRSs (F1-F7, also known as TDRS A-G) carry functionally identical payloads and all second generation TDRSs (F8-F10, also known as TDRS H-J) carry functionally identical payloads. 
A third generation, TDRS K and L, are planned for launch 2012-2013. See TDRS launch history. 
Click on the figures to the right, which identify the pertinent communications components and associated parameters of the orbiting relay platforms.
Coverage.
For spacecraft operating in a low earth orbit (LEO) 73 km to 3000 km altitude, the SN is capable of providing tracking and data acquisition services over 100% of the spacecraft’s orbit. Spacecraft sent to more distant or exotic destinations rely on either Deep Space Network or their own custom, dedicated networks.

</doc>
<doc id="21469918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469918" title="Johan Kjølstad">
Johan Kjølstad

Johan Kjølstad (born March 9, 1983) is a Norwegian cross country skier who has competed since 2002.
Born in Levanger, he represents the sports club Skogn IL.
Competing in two Winter Olympics, he earned his best finish of seventh in the individual sprint event at Turin in 2006. He finished sixth overall in the "Sprint Cup" at the 2007-08 Cross-country Skiing World Cup, and won one of the races.
At the 2009 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, Kjølstad won the sprint prologue before American Andrew Newell and Russian Alexei Petukhov. In the quarter finals, Kjølstad progressed alongside Swiss World Cup leader Dario Cologna. Then, Kjølstad defeated Nikolay Morilov in the semi final and went to the final heat, being a medal favourite. Here, he fought with Ola Vigen Hattestad for the gold, having broken free from the other four competitors. At the sprint final, Vigen Hattestad defeated Kjølstad who grabbed the silver medal. The following day, Kjølstad teamed up with Vigen Hattestad to win gold in the team sprint event.

</doc>
<doc id="21469936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469936" title="Delta B">
Delta B

The Delta B, or Thor-Delta B was an American expendable launch system used for nine orbital launches between 1962 and 1964. A derivative of the Thor-Delta, it was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The first stage was a Thor missile in the DM-21 configuration, and the second stage was the Delta D, which was derived from the earlier Delta. An Altair solid rocket motor was used as a third stage.
All nine launches occurred from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 17. Most of the launches carried communications satellites, including Syncom-1 and Syncom-2. Syncom-1 was intended to be the first satellite to be placed into a geosynchronous orbit, however the spacecraft malfunctioned prior to reaching this orbit. Syncom-2 subsequently became the first geosynchronous satellite, and was placed at 55° west of the Greenwich Meridian. The final launch failed due to third stage underperformance, all other launches were successful.

</doc>
<doc id="21469940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469940" title="Vjushkovia">
Vjushkovia

Vjushkovia is an extinct genus of erythrosuchid archosauromorph. It lived during the Early-Middle Triassic and was a predator that reached a length of 3 m (10 ft). 
"Vjushkovia" had a short pelvis, comparable to that of "Euparkeria", which means the elongated pelvis of ornithosuchids and rauisuchids may have developed in each clade by convergence. The ankle does not have the large calcaneal "heel" that characterizes those two clades and marks the origin of the Archosauria.

</doc>
<doc id="21469945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21469945" title="Chalishevia">
Chalishevia

Chalishevia is an extinct genus of Erythrosuchidae from Middle Triassic of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="21470033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470033" title="Rugby-Regionalliga">
Rugby-Regionalliga

The Rugby-Regionalliga is the third-highest level of Germany's Rugby union league system, organised by the German Rugby Federation. Its set below the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga. It is organised in eight regional divisions.
Since 2010, the "Regionalliga" is only the fourth level of play in Southern Germany, since the interception of the 3rd Liga South/West, which covers the same states as the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga South/West above it.
History.
The Regionalligas form the third tier of German rugby union since the intereception of the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga in the early 1990s. Before that, the league was the second tier, below the Rugby-Bundesliga. Below the Regionalliga sits the Rugby-Verbandsliga, however, in some regions, the Regionalliga is the lowest division and no Verbandsliga exists.
The eight leagues cover the following states:
The champions of the eight leagues play-off at the end of the season for 2nd Bundesliga promotion. In 2007-08, the three northern champions from the Regionalligas "East", "North" and "Lower Saxony" plus the runners-up from "East" determined two promoted teams to the 2nd Bundesliga North/East. 
The five southern champions determined one promoted team between each other, to the 2nd Bundesliga South/West.
Placings.
North.
The league placings in the Regionalliga North:
Lower Saxony.
The league placings in the Regionalliga Lower Saxony:
East.
The league placings in the Regionalliga East:
North Rhine-Westphalia.
The league placings in the Regionalliga North Rhine-Westphalia:
Rhineland-Palatinate.
The league placings in the Regionalliga Rhineland-Palatinate:
Hesse.
The league placings in the Regionalliga Hesse:
Baden-Württemberg.
The league placings in the Regionalliga Baden-Württemberg:
Bavaria.
The league placings in the Regionalliga Bavaria, which was formed shortley after the Bavarian Rugby Federation in 1996:

</doc>
<doc id="21470042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470042" title="Melissa Hathaway">
Melissa Hathaway

Melissa Hathaway (born November 10, 1968) is an American private sector cybersecurity expert best known for her work as the Director of the Joint Interagency Cyber Task Force in the at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence during the George W. Bush administration and her six-month role at the National Security Council under the Barack Obama administration.
Career.
Hathaway received a B.A. at The American University. She graduated from the US Armed Forces Staff College with a special certificate in Information Operations.
Hathaway was employed with consulting firm Evidence Based Research. Her work included developing models for detection of cocaine movement into the United States.
From June 1993 to February 2007, Hathaway worked for consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton, focusing on information operations and long-range strategy and policy support business units. Her work included evaluations of "new force options across the electromagnetic spectrum" and "design and development of novel techniques for mapping social, business, and process and infrastructure relationships."
Hathaway served as Senior Advisor to the Director of National Intelligence, Mike McConnell, and Cyber Coordination Executive. She chaired the National Cyber Study Group (NCSG). In her role at the NCSG, she contributed to the development of the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative (CNCI). Hathaway was appointed the Director of the Joint Interagency Cyber Task Force in January 2008.
Hathaway was named the Acting Senior Director for Cyberspace for the National Security and Homeland Security Councils on February 9, 2009, and placed in charge of a 60-day inter-agency review of the plan, programs, and activities underway throughout the government dedicated to cyber security.
Hathaway was expected to be offered the post of National Cyber Advisor or "Cyber Czar". President Obama promised during the presidential election campaign that he would "declare our cyber-infrastructure a strategic asset, and appoint a National Cyber Advisor who will report directly to president." On August 3, 2009, it was announced that Hathaway would return to the private sector, with her resignation taking effect August 21, 2009. She cited "personal reasons" for her departure.
Since October 1, 2009, Hathaway serves as senior adviser to Project MINERVA at the Harvard Kennedy School.
Hathaway is president of Hathaway Global Strategies, her own consulting firm. She also serves as an advisor to companies including Cisco.

</doc>
<doc id="21470057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470057" title="Lectionary 13">
Lectionary 13

Lectionary 13, designated by siglum ℓ "13" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th-century. Formerly it was known as "Colbertinus 1241" or "Regius 1982".
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). The text is written in Greek uncial letters, on 283 parchment leaves (37 cm by 25.7 cm), 2 columns per page, 18 lines per page, 11-14 letters per line. 
The codex is one of the most beautifully written. The first seven pages in gold, the next fifteen in vermillon, the rest in black ink. It contains pictures. 
In Matthew 23:35 phrase ("son of Barachi'ah") is omitted; this significant omission is supported only by Codex Sinaiticus, 59 (by the first hand), two other Evangelistaria (ℓ "6" and ℓ "185"), and Eusebius.
In Luke 15:21 it has additional reading ποιησον με ως ενα των μισθιων σου; the reading is supported by Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, Bezae, Monacensis, 33, 700, 1195, 1216, 1230, 1241, 1253, 1344, ℓ "15", ℓ "60", ℓ "80", ℓ "185".
History.
Formerly it was held in the Mount Athos. Currently the codex is located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Fonds Coislin, Gr. 31) in Paris.
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
It was examined by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. Gregory saw it in 1885. Constantin von Tischendorf confused it with Lectionary 17.

</doc>
<doc id="21470125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470125" title="Arena Pharmaceuticals">
Arena Pharmaceuticals

Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company located in San Diego, California. The company is developing oral medications that target G-protein-coupled receptors. On June 27, 2012, the FDA approved lorcaserin, initially sold under the brand name Belviq. Lorcaserin is approved for use in adults with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or greater, which is considered obese, or adults with a BMI of 27 or greater and who have at least one weight-related health condition, such as high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, or high cholesterol.
[//en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Arena_Pharmaceuticals&action=edit ], Arena had other experimental drugs in their pipeline that have not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, namely:

</doc>
<doc id="21470160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470160" title="Grove Park Cemetery">
Grove Park Cemetery

Grove Park Cemetery is a cemetery in the London Borough of Lewisham.
Location.
It is located near Grove Park on Marvels Lane, between Chinbrook Meadows and Marvels Wood, SE12.
Special interest.
Grove Park Cemetery was listed by English Heritage in November 2003 as a landscape of special historic interest (Grade II). The park has a special carefully planned lay out, specific for the 1930s. It contains 56 Commonwealth service war graves of World War II; those whose graves are not marked by headstones are listed on a Screen Wall memorial in the war graves plot in the centre of the cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21470183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470183" title="Guegneka">
Guegneka


</doc>
<doc id="21470192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470192" title="Ortho-McNeil-Janssen">
Ortho-McNeil-Janssen

Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a healthcare company of Johnson & Johnson composed of two divisions:
After some unfortunate suits against Ortho-McNeil Johnson & Johnson came to an agreement about the future of this subsidiary branch. It is now known as Janssen Pharmaceuticals.

</doc>
<doc id="21470200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470200" title="Kaladougou">
Kaladougou


</doc>
<doc id="21470207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470207" title="Kristin Mürer Stemland">
Kristin Mürer Stemland

Kristin Mürer Stemland (born 8 January 1981) is a Norwegian cross country skier.
Born in Trondheim, her club is Byåsen IL.
At the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Stemland finished 5th in women's 4 x 5 km relay with the Norwegian team. She participated at the 2007-08 Cross-country Skiing World Cup, and won one of the relays.

</doc>
<doc id="21470228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470228" title="William L. Taylor">
William L. Taylor

William Lewis Taylor (October 4, 1931 – June 28, 2010) was an American attorney and lobbyist who advocated on behalf of African Americans during the civil rights era and played a major role in drafting civil rights legislation.
Taylor was born on October 4, 1931 in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, where he was harassed by his anti-Semitic Italian neighbors, later recalling of his youth that "I remember being pushed around as a kid and being called a 'Christ killer'". In speeches over the years he said that as a Jewish teenager he had experienced anti-Semitism in a neighborhood that Jews shared mainly with Italians. He first became aware of anti-African American prejudice when he saw whites harassing Jackie Robinson, when he stepped over the baseball color line while playing for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Taylor attended Brooklyn College, where he was editor of the school paper but was suspended by the college's president for publishing an article that alleged that a professor had been declined tenure based on his political views. College president Harry Gideonse ordered the paper closed after two issues, believing the paper to be Communist-influenced, telling Taylor that "I hate to ruin anyone's career, but in your case, I'm prepared to make an exception." A decade after he graduated from the college in 1952, officials at the college implored federal officials not to hire him for a government job, saying that he had "espoused liberal causes such as the rights of the Negro in the South". Brooklyn College awarded Taylor an honorary degree in 2001, with college president Christoph M. Kimmich calling Taylor "a person who represents what this institution is all about". He would earn his law degree in 1954 from Yale Law School. He later taught at Columbus School of Law of The Catholic University of America, Georgetown University Law Center and at Stanford Law School.
During the 1950s, Taylor was a successful contestant on the "Tic-Tac-Dough" game show, where he had been offered answers by the producers, which he refused to accept. After appearing before a grand jury investigation of cheating on quiz shows, the jury foreman informed him that he had been the most successful of any of the show's contestants who had not cheated.
Taylor worked with Thurgood Marshall at the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, assisting in civil rights cases that arose in the wake of the United States Supreme Court's 1954 decision in "Brown v. Board of Education". After the Little Rock, Arkansas school board decided to end a desegregation program in 1958, Taylor wrote a brief that convinced the court to require the continued integration of its schools.
He served as general counsel, and later as staff director, at the United States Commission on Civil Rights during the 1960s, where his research helped lead to the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act in 1965 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968. There he helped formulate a voluntary desegregation plan in the 1980s for the St. Louis, Missouri school system. With United States District Court Judge William L. Hungate threatening to impose a mandate to combine the St. Louis and St. Louis County public school systems, Taylor was able to avert the threat by offering an interdistrict transfer program that the city and county districts agreed to voluntarily.
As vice chairman of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights starting in 1982, Taylor helped revise civil rights legislation. He headed a team of lawyers that wrote a 75-page report early in the Presidency of Ronald Reagan, criticizing the administration's interpretations of civil rights law. He was credited with developing the strategy by which liberal organizations recruited law professors to testify against Reagan's nomination of Robert Bork to the United States Supreme Court, which ultimately failed in the United States Senate. Ralph Neas, who chaired the Block Bork coalition recounted how Taylor's team "examined every article, every speech, every decision, every statement that Robert Bork ever made", providing the supporting material that blocked Bork's path to nomination.
He helped draft the 2002 legislation for the No Child Left Behind Act, with the aim of increasing the quality of education by monitoring student performance on standardized tests. Former Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings described Taylor as "a huge champion for closing the achievement gap, for accountability".
A resident of Washington, D.C., Taylor died at age 78 on June 28, 2010, at Suburban Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland due to fluid in his lungs, the result of a head injury he suffered in an accidental fall one month before his death. He was survived by a son, two daughters and three grandchildren. His 1980 marriage to the former Harriett Elaine Rosen ended with her death in 1997.
Taylor's personal papers and archives were given to the Library of Congress and to The George Washington University.

</doc>
<doc id="21470233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470233" title="Johan Harmen Rudolf Köhler">
Johan Harmen Rudolf Köhler

Johan Harmen Rudolf Köhler (July 3, 1818 in Groningen – April 14, 1873 in Aceh) was a Dutch general who commanded the Dutch-Indonesian forces during the First Aceh Expedition (Aceh is on the northern tip of island Sumatra, today's Indonesia) started on April 8, 1873. The expedition failed to reach its goals and Köhler himself was shot in a skirmish. His tombstone can still be found in a cemetery in Jakarta now known as Taman Prasasti Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21470240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470240" title="Zan Coulibaly">
Zan Coulibaly


</doc>
<doc id="21470250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470250" title="Fennemore Craig">
Fennemore Craig

Fennemore Craig, P.C., a leading American Mountain West regional law firm for businesses. With nearly 200 attorneys, the firm offers clients many legal services in both litigation and commercial transactions with offices in Phoenix, Arizona, Tucson, Arizona; Nogales, Arizona; Las Vegas, Nevada; Reno, Nevada and Denver, Colorado.
The law firm offers clients legal services in financial restructuring, bankruptcy, and Creditor's Rights, commercial litigation, estate planning, government relations, intellectual property, etc.
Fennemore Craig is one of the oldest law firms in the Mountain West, first established in Phoenix in the Arizona Territory in 1885. It is the oldest law firm in Arizona. In 2008, the firm was listed number 220 on the "The National Law Journal" 250 (NLJ 250), a list of the largest law firms in the United States by the number of lawyers.
Of Fennemore Craig's nearly 200 attorneys, the firm has 87 in Best Lawyers in America, 66 is Super Lawyers, and 98 rated as AV lawyers by Martindale-Hubbell. The firm was recognized as a "2013 Top Ranked Law Firm" for having more than on in three lawyers with an AV Preeminent Peer Review Rating. The firm has 19 shareholders recognized in Chambers & Partners legal directory. In addition, it has six "Litigation Stars" in Benchmark Litigation, six in Benchmark's Plaintiff Litigation Stars category, one in Benchmark's Appellate Stars category, and two in Benchmark's Top 250 Women in Litigation.
Fennemore Craig was awarded a 2012 Gold Standard Certificate from The Women in Law Empowerment Forum (WILEF) which profiled six of the firms female directors. Fennemore Craig was one of three nationwide firms to meet or exceed all six criteria set by WILEF. Approximately 8 percent of the firm's directors and 19 percent of the associates are members of minority groups.
History of name changes.
Since its founding in 1885, Fennemore Craig has undergone the following name changes:
The firm's namesakes, Harry Fennemore and Jubal Early Craig, teamed up with the law firm in 1912 and 1927, respectively.
Honors and awards.
In 2008, Fennemore Craig was listed as number 220 by "The National Law Journal" 250, a list of the largest law firms in the United States by the number of lawyers.
In 2007, Fennemore Craig was selected by BestCompaniesAZ as the fifth in the "Best Places to Work" among large employers in metropolitan Phoenix.
Fifty-one Fennemore Craig attorneys in Arizona, including 46 in Phoenix, three in Tucson, one in Nogales, and one in Las Vegas, were selected by their peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America 2008. Also, forty Fennemore Craig attorneys in Arizona were named to Southwest Super Lawyers 2008, while two attorneys in Nevada were selected by their peers for inclusion in the Mountain States Super Lawyers 2008.
Fennemore Craig ranked No. 1 in the "Environment" category of the 2010 Chambers and Partners USA Legal Guide.

</doc>
<doc id="21470272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470272" title="Benkadi Habaladougou">
Benkadi Habaladougou

Benkadi Habaladougou is a commune in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Kéniéba. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 22,949. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470285" title="Hobbit (unit)">
Hobbit (unit)

The hobbit (also hobbett, hobbet, or hobed, from ) is a unit of volume or weight formerly used in Wales for trade in grain and other staples. It was equal to four pecks or two and a half bushels, but was also often used as a unit of weight, which varied depending on the material being measured. The hobbit remained in customary use in markets in northern Wales after Parliament standardized the Winchester bushel as the unit of measure for grain, after which courts gave inconsistent rulings as to its legal status.
Usage.
The hobbit was defined as a measure of volume, two and a half imperial bushels, but in practice it was often used as a unit of weight for specific goods. According to George Richard Everitt, Inspector of Corn Returns for Denbigh in northern Wales, when examined by the House of Commons in 1888, grains were sold by the hobbit, measured by weight. A hobbit of oats weighed 105 pounds, a hobbit of barley 147 pounds, and a hobbit of wheat 168 pounds. The figures in hobbits were then converted to standard imperial bushels for official reporting.
In addition to grains, there was also a hobbit of beans at 180 pounds, and in Flintshire, a 200-pound hobbit of old potatoes, or
210 pounds of new potatoes.
Around 1600, Welsh farmland was sometimes denominated by its productive capacity or "measure of seedness" instead of its physical area, so that in at least one case a plot was registered as
"a hobbett of land", that is, large enough to grow one hobbit of grain per year.
Already in 1863, the hobbit was used as an example of the "customary confusion in our British weights and measures". An anonymous contributor to Charles Dickens's journal All the Year Round, arguing in favour of the decimal metric system,
noted that
If buy wheat at Wrexham, must order by the hobbet of one hundred and sixty eight . But, even if I do happen to know what a hobbet of wheat means at Wrexham, that knowledge good for Flint is not good for Caernarvonshire. A hobbet of wheat at Pwlheli contains eighty-four pounds more than a hobbet at Wrexham; and a hobbet of oats is something altogether different; and a hobbet of barley is something altogether different again.
Legal issues.
There was some dispute about the legality of the hobbit as a non-standard measure in commerce after Parliament established the Winchester measure. The hobbit's mixed use as a unit of both volume and of weight complicated the issue, as laws applied to the two cases differently. Courts sometimes nullified grain contracts denominated in hobbits, and sometimes upheld them, according to varying customs in precisely how hobbits were defined and measured.
In 1825, the Exchequer of Pleas heard the case of "Tyson v. Thomas", regarding an unfulfilled 1823 contract for the delivery of 20 hobbits of barley in Llanrwst, at 10 shillings each. The price of barley subsequently increased, and the seller did not make delivery. The buyer sued, and the defendant argued that the contract was illegal because it was not based on the standard Winchester bushel. According to testimony, the Llanrwst market used a half-hobbit measure of two 21-quart pecks, but in practice a hobbit could vary from 80 to 84 quarts. The court agreed with the seller, finding that the hobbit was impermissible because it was not a fixed integer multiple of the bushel.
The contract was therefore void. A similar argument was raised before the Exchequer of Pleas in "Owens v. Denton", concerning a sale of malt, but the court held that the question of measures had no effect on the case because the account had
already been settled.
The 1852 case "Hughes v. Humphreys" concerned a contract for the sale of 100 hobbits of wheat at 18 shillings per hobbit. Following custom, the grain was actually delivered in sacks weighed out to 252 pounds each, and converted to 168-pound hobbits. The seller sued to obtain payment from the buyer, who argued that the contract was unenforceable because the hobbit was a non-standard and illegal measure of volume, contrary to Parliamentary establishment of the Winchester bushel for trade in grain. The magistrate at the local assizes in Flintshire, J. Williams, found for the defendant, voiding the contract. This ruling was reversed by the Court of Queen's Bench, which reasoned that the in distinction to the "Tyson" case, the hobbit in this instance was used as a measure of weight, not volume, and was defined as a fixed multiple of the pound. Because the sale of grain in pounds was allowed, the contract was deemed valid and was enforced.

</doc>
<doc id="21470290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470290" title="Lectionary 14">
Lectionary 14

Lectionary 14, designated by siglum ℓ "14" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 16th-century.
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). 
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 348 paper leaves (), 2 columns per page, 22 lines per page. 
Currently the codex is located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 315) in Paris. 
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
It was examined by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="21470313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470313" title="Mitsuko Yoshikawa">
Mitsuko Yoshikawa

Filmography.
She played in 261 films:

</doc>
<doc id="21470321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470321" title="Beauties of the Night">
Beauties of the Night

Les Belles de nuit (US title: Beauties of the Night) is a 1952 French language motion picture fantasy directed and written by René Clair who co-produced with Angelo Rizzoli. The film stars Gérard Philipe, Martine Carol, Gina Lollobrigida and Magali Vendeuil. It was nominated the Venice Film Festival for Golden Lion (René Clair). 
Plot.
The empoverished piano teacher and composer Claude relinquishes fantasies about seducing beautiful rich women. One night a promising dream turns into a nightmare where he's chased by the violent husbands and brothers of his lovers. He gets up and tries to stay awake for fear of feeling haunted again. Hereby he meets his neighbour Suzanne who resembles a woman from his dream. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470327" title="Maramandougou">
Maramandougou

Maramandougou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal village lies at Figuira-Toma.

</doc>
<doc id="21470332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470332" title="Nefermaat">
Nefermaat

Nefermaat I was an Egyptian prince, a son of pharaoh Sneferu. He was a vizier possessing the titles of the king's eldest son, royal seal bearer, and prophet of Bastet. His name means "Maat is beautiful" or "With perfect justice".
Biography.
Nefermaat was the eldest son of Sneferu, the pharaoh and founder of the 4th Dynasty of Egypt, and his first wife. He was a half-brother of Khufu. Nefermaat's wife was Itet, also spelled as Atet. Fifteen of Nefermaat's children are named in his tomb, sons Hemiunu, Isu, Teta, Khentimeresh and daughters Djefatsen and Isesu are depicted as adults, while sons Itisen, Inkaef, Serfka, Wehemka, Shepseska, Kakhent, Ankhersheretef, Ankherfenedjef, Buneb, Shepsesneb and Nebkhenet and daughter Pageti are shown as children. His son Hemiunu is probably identical with vizier Hemiunu who was believed to have helped plan the Great Pyramids. One of Nefermaat's sisters, Nefertkau had a son also called Nefermaat.
Tomb.
Nefermaat was buried in mastaba 16 at Meidum. Nefermaat was one of several relatives of Pharaoh Sneferu who was buried in Meidum. The tomb is known for the special technique used for drawing the scenes. Sculptors carved deeply incised images which were then filled with colored paste. This method was labor intensive and the paste tended to dry, crack and then fall out. The technique results in vividly colored scenes. This tomb is the only one known to date showing this technique. The fact that the plaster cracked resulting in the loss of the paste likely led to the craftsmen abandoning this type of decoration.
Nefermaat's tomb is also famous for the scene referred to as the Meidum Geese (now in the Egyptian Museum, JE 34571/ CG 1742). The scene executed in painted plaster was discovered in 1871 by Auguste Mariette. The full scene depicts six geese; three pointing to the left and three pointing to the right. Each group of three geese consists of one goose shown with his head bowed down, eating grass and two geese with their heads held up. The group of three animals actually represents many geese, as three represents the plural in Egyptian writing. There are differences in the plumage of the birds which break the overall symmetry of the scene. This example of Egyptian painting is considered a masterpiece. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470333" title="Space Communications and Navigation Program">
Space Communications and Navigation Program

The Space Communications and Navigation (SCaN) program places the three prime NASA space communications networks, Space Network (SN), Near Earth Network (NEN) (previously known as the Ground Network or GN), and the Deep Space Network (DSN), under one Management and Systems Engineering umbrella. It was established in 2006. It was previously known as the Space Communications & Data Systems (SCDS) Program.
History.
Before NASA's administrator Michael D. Griffin created SCaN to direct an integrated networks program, different organizations at NASA Headquarters have managed the Agency’s space communications capabilities and functions under separate Programs using a variety of administrative approaches.
The SCaN Office was established by direction of Griffin in a Memorandum entitled “Establishment of a Space Communications and Navigation Office,” dated July 19, 2006. SCaN operates as a central organization within the "Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate" (HEOMD):
The Ground Network (GN) has since been renamed the Near Earth Network.
Services.
SCaN is viewed as a service provider supporting interfaces and performing a standard set of functions, including:
Communications schemes.
Communications with spaceborne platforms is performed by RF, with a selection of spectra, modulation, and encoding methods, enumerated below.
Spectra.
The Space Network communicates with spacecraft using S-band, Ku-band, and Ka-band with planned laser/optical communications.
The Deep Space Network communicates with spacecraft using S-band, X-band, and Ka-band.
Modulation.
SN uses Phase Shift Keying and Phase Modulation of the carrier frequency.
Encoding.
The Space Network (used for near-Earth communications) supports the following encoding schemes:
The Reed-Solomon method is used as the initial error-correcting block code prior to the selected secondary encoding scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="21470368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470368" title="Moving Mountains (EP)">
Moving Mountains (EP)

Moving Mountains is the debut EP released by the New York band, Moving Mountains. The album was only considered to be a demo by the band and was not intended to be heard by others, but was leaked to the public in early 2006.
Track listing.
All songs written by Moving Mountains

</doc>
<doc id="21470390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470390" title="Balan Bakama">
Balan Bakama

Balan Bakama is a commune in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Namakama. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 4767. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470411" title="Marthinus Theunissen">
Marthinus Theunissen

Marthinus Wilhelminus S. Theunissen (born 13 May 1911) is a South African athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Standerton.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 200 metres event and in the quarter-finals of the 100 metres competition. He was also a member of the South African team which was eliminated in the first round of the 4x100 metre relay contest.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 100 yards event as well as in the 220 yards competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21470417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470417" title="Nouga">
Nouga

Nouga is a commune in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Keliegoue. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 7736. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470422" title="1988–89 Winnipeg Jets season">
1988–89 Winnipeg Jets season

The 1988–89 Winnipeg Jets season saw the Jets finish in fifth place in the Smythe Division with a record of 26 wins, 42 losses, and 12 ties for 64 points.
Off-season.
After two seasons of leading the Jets into the playoffs, the club re-signed head coach Don Maloney to a contract extension through the 1990-91 season on May 16, 1988.
At the 1988 NHL Entry Draft held on June 11, 1988, the Jets selected forward Teemu Selanne with their first round draft pick, tenth overall. Selanne spent the 1987-88 playing with Jokerit junior hockey team, where in 33 games, he recorded 43 goals and 66 points.
On June 13, 1988, the Jets acquired Brent Ashton from the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for Paul MacLean. Ashton had 26 goals and 53 points in 73 games with the Red Wings in 1987-88. MacLean, who had been with Winnipeg since the 1981-82 season, had 40 goals and 79 points in 77 games. In total, MacLean broke the 40 goal plateau three times as a member with the Jets.
On July 19, 1988, Winnipeg made a trade with the New Jersey Devils, acquiring goaltender Alain Chevrier and the Devils seventh round draft pick in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft for Steve Rooney and the Jets third round pick in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. Chevrier had a record of 18-19-3 with a 3.77 GAA in 45 games with the Devils in 1987-88, while Steve Rooney had seven goals and 13 points, along with 217 penalty minutes in 56 games with the Jets in 1987-88.
Late in training camp, on September 29, 1988, the Jets acquired Kent Carlson and the St. Louis Blues tenth round draft pick in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft and fourth round pick in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft for Peter Douris. Carlson would be traded away a week into the 1988-89 season to the Washington Capitals.
On October 3, 1988, the Jets picked Dave Hunter from the Edmonton Oilers in the NHL Waiver Draft. Hunter split the 1987-88 season between the Edmonton Oilers and Pittsburgh Penguins, scoring 14 goals and 35 points in 80 games.
Regular season.
Despite finishing last in goals allowed (355), the Jets had the league's fifth-best power-play percentage in the league (22.13%).

</doc>
<doc id="21470443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470443" title="Dinandougou">
Dinandougou


</doc>
<doc id="21470479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470479" title="Meguetan">
Meguetan

Meguetan is a commune in the Cercle of Koulikoro in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Gouni on the Niger River. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 15,136. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470482" title="Lectionary 15">
Lectionary 15

Lectionary 15, designated by siglum ℓ "15" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th-century.
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with some lacunae. 
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 310 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 22 or 23 lines per page.
In Luke 15:21 it has additional reading ποιησον με ως ενα των μισθιων σου; the reading is supported by Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, Bezae, Monacensis, 33, 700, 1195, 1216, 1230, 1241, 1253, 1344, ℓ "13", ℓ "60", ℓ "80", ℓ "185".
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
The manuscript was slightly examined by Scholz, Paulin Martin, and C. R. Gregory in 1885. 
Currently the codex is located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 302) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21470486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470486" title="Hypselodoris bullockii">
Hypselodoris bullockii

Hypselodoris bullockii is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
"Hypselodoris bullockii" is quite variable in color. What may be another species has been named "Hypselodoris apolegma"; it looks quite similar to this species and may turn out to be merely a different color form of "H. bullockii".
Distribution.
This nudibranch is found in the Tropical Western Pacific Ocean and the eastern Indian Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="21470489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470489" title="Shintarō Kido">
Shintarō Kido

Filmography.
He played in 36 films:

</doc>
<doc id="21470490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470490" title="1984 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
1984 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 1984 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament was the fourth year of the NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship. It began with 28 teams and ended on December 16 when UCLA defeated Stanford 3 games to 2 in the NCAA championship match.
UCLA claimed the program's first NCAA national title after two previous runner-up finishes. In the deciding fifth game against Stanford, UCLA was down 12-4, but with heroics from Liz Masakayan, the Bruins scored 11 straight points and eventually won the game 15-13.
In the consolation match, Pacific defeated San Jose State to claim third place.
Final Four - Pauley Pavilion, Los Angeles, California.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21470493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470493" title="Akogare no Hawaii Kōro">
Akogare no Hawaii Kōro


</doc>
<doc id="21470494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470494" title="Edwin Thacker">
Edwin Thacker

Edwin Thomas Thacker (24 July 1913 – 4 August 1974) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Germiston.
In 1936 he finished twelfth in the Olympic high jump event.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the gold medal high jump competition. Four years later at the 1938 Empire Games he won the gold medal in the high jump contest again.

</doc>
<doc id="21470496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470496" title="Mandé, Mali">
Mandé, Mali

Mandé is a commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune lies to the southwest of Bamako, the Malian capital, along the left bank of the Niger River. It covers for an area of 730 km2 and includes the small town of Ouezzindougou, the administrative centre, and 24 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 59,352.

</doc>
<doc id="21470497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470497" title="John Hinchcliffe">
John Hinchcliffe

John Hinchcliffe is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at club level for Castleford.

</doc>
<doc id="21470516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470516" title="Harry Griffiths (footballer born 1912)">
Harry Griffiths (footballer born 1912)

Harry Stanley Griffiths (17 November 1912 – 11 June 1981) was an English footballer and baseball international. He played in defence for Everton between 1930 and 1935, but after failing to get a game moved on to Port Vale between 1935 and 1947, playing 190 games in all wartime and peacetime competitions. Outside of the game he was a police offer, and later became a park keeper.
Playing career.
Griffiths began his career at Everton in 1930, as the "Toffees" won promotion to the First Division as Second Division champions in 1930–31. They then topped the Football League in 1931–32, finishing two points ahead of Arsenal. Dropping to eleventh in 1932–33, Everton won the FA Cup, though Griffiths played no part in the final. They dropped to fourteenth in 1933–34, rising to eight in 1934–35. However Griffiths played little part in these successes, and never played a competitive match for the club during his time at Goodison Park; he did however represented England at baseball.
He joined Port Vale in May 1935. He played thirty games for the "Valiants" in 1935–36, as the club were relegated out of the Second Division after picking up just two points in their final five games. New manager Warney Cresswell, a former teammate at Everton, picked him just eight times in 1936–37, as the club finished mid-table in the Third Division North. Griffiths played 28 games in 1937–38, scoring on the final day of the season in a 1–1 draw with New Brighton; at the end of the season the club were transferred to the Third Division South. He was a key member of new manager Tom Morgan's defence in 1938–39, playing 37 games, and scoring in wins over Swindon Town and Bristol City at The Old Recreation Ground.
Griffiths joined the police at the outbreak of World War II, guesting on occasion for both Vale and Derby County during the war years. He suffered a severe scalp wound after colliding with iron railings during a 3–1 home defeat by Crewe Alexandra on Christmas day 1944; he received five stitches and actually returned to action the next week wearing a black beret.
He was one of six pre-war players that returned to the club in 1946, the others being George Heppell, Arthur Jepson, Alf Bellis, Wilf Smith, and Don Triner. However he lost his place in the team after manager Billy Frith was replaced by Gordon Hodgson in October 1946, and was released at the end of the 1946–47 season, having made just eight appearances. He played a total of 190 games (103 in the Football League) for Port Vale, scoring 9 goals (3 in the Football League).
Personal life.
After leaving football, he joined Meir Heath Cricket Club as a wicketkeeper. He later became a park keeper at Queens Park in Longton.
He married his wife Rene in 1941. She nursed him during his long illness before his death. She, herself, died in 2008 at the age of 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21470540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470540" title="Benkadi, Koulikoro">
Benkadi, Koulikoro


</doc>
<doc id="21470543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470543" title="1928 Dayton Triangles season">
1928 Dayton Triangles season

The 1928 Dayton Triangles season was their ninth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 1–6–1, losing seven games. They finished tenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21470597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470597" title="Binko, Koulikoro">
Binko, Koulikoro


</doc>
<doc id="21470610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470610" title="Diédougou, Dioïla">
Diédougou, Dioïla

Diédougou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 34 villages. The administrative center ("chef-lieu") is at the village of Béléko Soba which lies 205 km east of Bamako. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 39,021.

</doc>
<doc id="21470619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470619" title="Pneuma (Moving Mountains album)">
Pneuma (Moving Mountains album)

Pneuma is the debut full-length debut released by the New York band Moving Mountains. The album was originally self-released in 2007 but was eventually reissued with Deep Elm Records.
The album was the creative product of multi-instrumentalist Gregory Dunn and drummer Nicholas Pizzolato, and was produced, mixed, and mastered by Dunn during their late high school years. At the time of its release, Moving Mountains was only considered to be a studio project by Dunn and Pizzolato, with no future intentions of forming a full band or playing the songs in a live format. It was not until a few months later, when "Pneuma" started to gain positive acclaim throughout the internet, that the band decided to go in a full-band direction with the addition of bassist Mitchell Lee and guitarist/vocalist Frank Graniero.
Track listing.
All songs written by Moving Mountains
"Pneuma" tracks “Aphelion,” “Fourth,” and “8105” have been used on MTV’s "College Life", "16 and Pregnant", and "Teen Mom".
“Aphelion” has been used for a trailer for AMC’s television drama series "Mad Men".

</doc>
<doc id="21470620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470620" title="Willie Botha">
Willie Botha

Willem "Willie" Christiaan Botha (31 March 1912 – 14 June 1967) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Petrusburg.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the 800 metres event. He was also a member of the South African team which was eliminated in the first round of the 4x400 metre relay competition.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 880 yards contest. He also participated in the 440 yards event but was eliminated in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="21470645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470645" title="List of Tunisian governorates by creation date">
List of Tunisian governorates by creation date

This is a table listing of Tunisian Governorates by creation date:

</doc>
<doc id="21470649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470649" title="Lectionary 16">
Lectionary 16

Lectionary 16, designated by siglum ℓ "16" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"), with numerous lacunae. It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 199 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 18-20 lines per page. 
Currently the codex is located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 297) in Paris. 
It was slightly examined by Scholz and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1885.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).

</doc>
<doc id="21470669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470669" title="Kemekafo">
Kemekafo

Kemekafo is a commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Senou. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 16,970. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470688" title="Message to Our Folks">
Message to Our Folks

Message to Our Folks is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French BYG Actuel label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut.

</doc>
<doc id="21470689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470689" title="Naples waste management issue">
Naples waste management issue

The Naples waste management crisis is a series of events surrounding the lack of waste collection in the city of Naples that peaked in the summer of 2008, and regarding the disposal of the trash is currently unresolved.
Background.
Since the mid-1990s, Naples and the Campania region have suffered from the dumping of municipal solid waste into overfilled landfills. Another problem is that Pianura's garbage dump in Naples was filled by North Italy's industries and garbage from other Italian regions. Beginning on December 21, 2007, the municipal workers refused to pick up any further material; as a result, the waste had begun to appear as regular fixtures on the streets of Naples, posing severe health risks to the metropolitan population. On December 31, the government closed one of two major dumps near the city at the request of the city's residents.
Reports during the summer of 2008 stated that the problem was caused at least in part by the Camorra, a powerful local mafia based in Campania, who had created a lucrative business in the municipal waste disposal business. Heavy metals, industrial waste, and chemicals and household waste are frequently mixed together, then dumped near roads and burned to avoid detection, leading to severe soil and air pollution.
Government dumping plans.
In January 2008 Romano Prodi’s government announced plans for the solution of the crisis, including the building of three new incinerators. Prodi appointed a former national police chief as waste commissioner and the army was called in to bulldoze the waste from the streets of Caserta, while protesters clashed with police in central Naples. But no real progress had been made by May of that year, when Prodi's government was defeated in the general election. At that time over 200,000 tonnes of waste still remained on the streets.
Crisis management.
The newly elected Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi took immediate action, and held his first cabinet meeting in Naples. He then appointed a new waste commissioner, Guido Bertolaso (then the head of the Civil Protection Department). Bertolaso faced similar protests from the residents of Naples, but during June and July 2008 he dealt with the problem. He opened new landfill sites and an incinerator. In addition he sent 700 tons of rubbish a day to incinerators in Hamburg, Germany, while new incinerators should be built locally.
By the end of July, Berlusconi declared that the emergency was closed.
By September the rubbish had gone from the streets of Naples,
In March 2009, waste commissioner Bertolaso was transferred to Rome, to deal with a new high-profile problem even though great amounts of garbage were still stocked in temporary sites awaiting to be disposed of. Likewise, in many municipalities on Naples' periphery, there is still a garbage problem. Though Berlusconi's actions have cleaned up the city of Naples, one account states that, as of September 2009, "the highways and byways of the rural south remain festering dumping grounds."
"Newsweek" reported that in October 2010, riots near Terzigno halted garbage collection again in Naples, leading to "overflowing bins and renewed international attention", and "new calls for resignation and allegations that his government is in bed with the mob". The riots occurred after the government announced another 3-million-metric-ton landfill would be constructed within Vesuvius National Park; residents, already upset by toxic waste levels at a nearby landfill, were said to believe that much of the garbage going into the new landfill would be "illegally imported by the Camorra" and would be similarly uncontrolled.
The newly elected mayor of Naples Luigi de Magistris, a former antimafia magistrate, faced the waste management issue from the early days of his mandate. As a result of his efforts, in the period between June and November 2011, the quantity of uncollected garbage in the streets declined from 2500 tons to zero. A plan of differentiated waste collection was implemented, and reached levels of 70% over the 300,000 inhabitants involved. When the bid for the construction of an incinerator facility was abandoned, this approach was also discarded, together with the construction of new landfills, and garbage transfer to the Netherlands by boat was preferred. According to this strategy, a contract was signed with the Dutch company AVR, which manages the Rotterdam incinerator, to transfer Naples garbage to the Netherlands at the rate of one ship-load per week. The initial operations have been allocated to the ship "Nordstern", which in early January 2012, started the transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="21470700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470700" title="N'Garadougou">
N'Garadougou

N'Garadougou or N'Gara is a town and commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 9,422. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470707" title="Heinrich Schweizer-Sidler">
Heinrich Schweizer-Sidler

Heinrich Schweizer-Sidler (September 12, 1815 – March 31, 1894) was a Swiss philologist born in Elgg in the canton of Zürich.
From 1835 to 1838 he received his education at the University of Zürich, where he had as instructors, Johann Caspar von Orelli, Hermann Sauppe and Bernhard Hirzel. In 1838 he continued his studies in Berlin, afterwards returning to Zürich, where in 1841 he received his habilitation. Later, he taught classes in secondary schools in Aarau (1844-45) and Zürich (from 1845). In 1849 he became an associate professor at Zürich, and in 1864 was appointed a full professor of philology. In this position he specialized in Sanskrit and comparative linguistics.
Among his literary works was an 1871 edition of Tacitus' "Germania", and two textbooks on the Latin language:

</doc>
<doc id="21470713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470713" title="Living for the City">
Living for the City

"Living for the City" is a 1973 hit single by Stevie Wonder from his "Innervisions" album. It reached #8 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart and #1 on the R&B chart. "Rolling Stone" ranked the song #105 on their list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
Wonder played all the instruments on the song and was assisted by Malcolm Cecil and Robert Margouleff for recording engineering and synthesizer programming. It was one of the first soul music songs to deal explicitly with systemic racism and to use everyday sounds of the street like traffic, voices and sirens which were combined with the music recorded in the studio. 
The song tells the story of a young African American man, a southern migrant, arriving in New York City. He is tricked into carrying drugs and is arrested, convicted and sentenced to ten years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="21470716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470716" title="Walker McCall">
Walker McCall

Walker McCall (born 29 March 1954 in Irvine) is a retired Scottish professional footballer who played in Scotland, the United States, and Hong Kong.
Career.
Beginning as an apprentice at Hurlford United, McCall played professionally in Scotland for Aberdeen, Ayr United, St. Johnstone and Dundee, in the United States for the San Diego Sockers and the Atlanta Chiefs, and in Hong Kong for South China.

</doc>
<doc id="21470723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470723" title="Time Waits for No Man">
Time Waits for No Man

Time Waits For No Man is the first solo album of rapper/emcee Rasco, executive produced by Peanut Butter Wolf. It was released July 21, 1998 on Stones Throw Records, and distributed by Nu Gruv.

</doc>
<doc id="21470724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470724" title="Bajo Aragón">
Bajo Aragón

Bajo Aragón () or Baix Aragó (, ; ) is an administrative comarca in eastern central Aragon, Spain. It was first established in 1999. It has a population of 29,358 (2007) and an area of 1.304,2 km². The seat of the comarca is in Alcañiz. It is located in Teruel Province, in the transitional area between the Iberian System and the Ebro Valley.
The municipalities of Aguaviva, Belmonte de San José, La Cañada de Verich, La Cerollera, La Codoñera, La Ginebrosa and Torrevelilla belong to the Catalan-speaking strip in eastern Aragon known as La Franja.
Historical region.
The name "Bajo Aragón", Lower Aragon, was already used before 1999 for a much larger area, a historical region now sometimes called "Bajo Aragón histórico" in order to differentiate it from the present-day administrative comarca.
Municipalities.
The traditional names of the towns are in brackets.
Notes.
"This article includes content from the Spanish Wikipedia article Bajo Aragón."

</doc>
<doc id="21470750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470750" title="Philip D. Gingerich">
Philip D. Gingerich

Philip Dean Gingerich (born 1946) is a paleontologist and educator. He is Professor of Geology, Biology, and Anthropology at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. He directed the Museum of Paleontology at the University of Michigan (UMMP) from 1981-2010. His research focus is in vertebrate paleontology, especially the Paleocene-Eocene transition and early Cenozoic mammals. His primary research focus is in the origin of modern orders of mammals and he is a leading expert on the evolution of primates and whales. Gingerich was among the experts who analyzed the skeleton of "Darwinius masillae".
Early life.
Gingerich grew up in a family of Amish Mennonites in eastern Iowa, where his grandfather was a farmer and a lay preacher. Yet Gingerich felt no contradiction between religion and science: "My grandfather had an open mind about the age of the Earth," he says, "and never mentioned evolution. Remember, these were people of great humility, who only expressed an opinion on something when they knew a lot about it."
Education and awards.
Gingerich received an A.B. from Princeton University in 1968, a M.Phil. from Yale University in 1972, and a Ph.D., also from Yale, in 1974. All of his university degrees were in the field of geology.
Gingerich was awarded the Henry Russel Award from the University of Michigan in 1980, the Shadle Fellowship Award from the American Society of Mammalogists in 1973, and the Charles Schuchert Award from the Paleontological Society in 1981. He was awarded the Romer-Simpson medal by the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21470756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470756" title="1928 Detroit Wolverines (NFL) season">
1928 Detroit Wolverines (NFL) season

The 1928 Detroit Wolverines season was their first and only season in the league, after relocating from Cleveland in the offseason. The team went 7–2–1, finishing third in the league. Despite the strong on-field performance, the team was forced to merge into the New York Giants after the 1928 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21470758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470758" title="Warren Community School">
Warren Community School

The Warren Community School is a public school located in Warren, Maine. It serves grades kindergarten through 6th and is part of the Maine School Administrative District 40. It has approximately 312 students attending.

</doc>
<doc id="21470762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470762" title="McCornick, Utah">
McCornick, Utah

McCornick is a ghost town located in Millard County, Utah, United States. Lying in Whiskey Creek Flat northwest of Holden, McCornick was a failed land development project that lasted from 1919 until around 1930.
History.
In 1918, the Sevier River Land and Water Company, after successfully promoting development in the Lynndyl area, expanded its water project southward. The company built an aqueduct from Leamington along the foothills of the Canyon Mountains to irrigate vast tracts of potentially fertile farmland. Boosters began to draw prospective settlers with sophisticated advertising and high-pressure sales pitches. Salesmen emphasized the conveniences of farming so close to Delta, with its large sugar refinery and the main line of the Union Pacific Railroad. They also spoke glowingly of the water supply, which was at the highest level the region had seen in years.
A number of families and bachelors arrived and began farming in early 1919. In May 1919, the canal broke, flooding the farms of about 15 families who had made their homes near the mouth of Whiskey Creek. Despite the damage, the plentiful water produced excellent harvests for most of the farmers that year, enabling them to build some 40 good, permanent homes.
The next year the canal broke a second time, and some families moved away completely, but reports of the settlement's success continued to bring new settlers. In 1920 it began to take shape as a real town. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints built a chapel and organized a ward with 83 member families. A small post office was established, and the town was named for William McCornick, a Salt Lake City banker and corporate promoter of the Sevier Land and Water Company. A schoolhouse and a general store were built. McCornick's population reached its peak of about 500 in 1921.
Decline.
The turning point came in the winter of 1921–1922, the driest in many years. There followed a succession of dry years, grasshopper plagues, and dust storms. McCornick had been heavily over-promoted and supplied with sorely inadequate irrigation water. Developers had promised the ability to irrigate , but in 1922 found they couldn't provide enough water for even . In fact the wet years around 1917–1921 had been an anomaly; the region was reverting to its normal desert state. In 1923 there were only 50 families left in town. By 1926 the Sevier River Land and Water Company was bankrupt, sold off to a California company, and reorganized as the Central Utah Water Company. The reorganization did nothing to keep the settlers, who continued to move away. By 1929 there were only four or five families left.
McCornick recorded a total of 95 births and 10 deaths in its brief existence. Many of its buildings were moved to other towns; the schoolhouse was taken to Flowell in 1930. Two or three of the old houses still stand, and the land is used mostly for pasture and hay.

</doc>
<doc id="21470780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470780" title="Kilidougou">
Kilidougou

Kilidougou is a commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at N'Tobougou. In 1998 the commune had a population of 10,856. 
History.
The capital of the commune is the village of N'tobougou . The area called Kilidougou is said to derive from two large stones resembling eggs belonging to the blacksmiths of the past. The inhabitants of the area worshiped these stones as a fetish. It had long been a religious village, with animist inhabitants who worshiped the "Nama". However towards the end of World War II many converted to Islam. 
The commune of Kilidougou was created by Act No. 96 on October 16, 1996. It is located east of the central district. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470795" title="Lidl">
Lidl

Lidl Stiftung & Co. KG ( or ; formally Schwarz Unternehmens Treuhand KG) is a German global discount supermarket chain, based in Neckarsulm, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, that operates over 10,000 stores across Europe. It belongs to the holding company Schwarz Gruppe, which also owns the store chains Handelshof and hypermarket Kaufland.
Lidl is the chief competitor of the similar German discount chain Aldi.
History.
The company was founded in the 1930s by a member of the Schwarz family, and was called "(Schwarz Assorted Wholesale Foods)". Lidl has since its opening in 1973 established itself in over 20 countries throughout Europe. The name Lidl is the surname of a former business partner of Josef Schwarz's, Ludwig Lidl, a retired schoolteacher, and Josef's son Dieter Schwarz bought the rights to the name from him for 1,000 German Marks, as he could not use the name Schwarz Markt; "schwarzmarkt" means "black market". Lidl is part of the Schwarz Group, the fifth-largest retailer in the world with sales of $82.4 billion (2011).
In 1930, Josef Schwarz became a partner in Südfrüchte Großhandel Lidl & Co., a fruit wholesaler, and he developed the company into a general food wholesaler. In 1977, under his son Dieter Schwarz, the Schwarz-Gruppe began to focus on discount markets, larger supermarkets, and cash and carry wholesale markets. The first Lidl discount store was opened in 1973, copying the Aldi concept. Schwarz rigorously removed merchandise that did not sell from the shelves, and cut costs by keeping the size of the retail outlets as small as possible. By the year 1977, the Lidl chain comprised 33 discount stores.
Since launching in the UK in 1994, Lidl has grown consistently and today has more than 580 UK stores. While it is still a small player in the UK with a grocery market share of less than 5%, its importance along with that of continental no-frills competitor Aldi is growing.
Other services.
In late October 2009, Lidl UK launched a DVD rental service "Lidl Movies", undercutting Tesco DVD rental, which had previously been the UK's cheapest online DVD rental service.
The service was powered by OutNow DVD rental. OutNow went into liquidation in October 2011, taking Lidl Movies with it.
Lidl UK has also launched an online photo service, which prints photos and photo gifts at discounted prices.
In early 2012, Lidl started launching bakeries in their stores across Europe. They consist of a small baking area with a number of ovens, together with an area where bread and pastries, such as croissants, are displayed for sale.
Approach to retailing.
Like fellow German supermarket Aldi, Lidl has a no-frills approach of keeping its products in the original delivery cartons, allowing the customers to take the product directly from the carton. When the carton is empty, it is simply replaced with a full one. Staffing is minimal, so that a profit can still be made even though the prices are low. Together with Aldi, Lidl has carved out its own niche with this approach. In contrast to Aldi, there are generally more branded products on offer and while Lidl imports many low-priced gourmet foods from Europe, it also sources many local products from the country where the store is located. Like Aldi, Lidl has special weekly offers, and its stock of non-food items often changes with time. Lidl operates in most European countries e.g. much of Eastern Europe, Italy, Greece, Ireland, Scandinavia and the United Kingdom. In contrast to Aldi, Lidl advertises extensively in its homeland of Germany.
Criticism.
Trade unions in Germany and other countries have repeatedly criticised Lidl for mistreatment of workers, breach of European directives on working time and other abuses. These have been published in the "Black Book on the Schwarz Retail Company" published in Germany and are now also available in English. While "The Times" notes that Lidl managers work excessive hours, being obliged to sign out of the Working Time Directive when starting with the company, both "The Guardian" and "The Times" in the UK amongst other allegations have reported that Lidl spies on its workforce with cameras, makes extensive notes on employee behaviour, particularly focusing on attempting to sack female workers who might become pregnant and also forces staff at warehouses to do "piece-rate" work. Lidl management has denied the charges. In Italy, in 2003, a judge in Savona sentenced Lidl for anti-union policies, a crime in that country. Lidl has been criticised in the United Kingdom and Ireland for not allowing workers to join unions.
In March 2008, the German news magazine "Stern" released a cover story reporting systematic surveillance of Lidl workers, including the most intimate details of their private affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="21470796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470796" title="Foreword (album)">
Foreword (album)

Foreword is the second EP released by the New York rock band Moving Mountains. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Moving Mountains

</doc>
<doc id="21470802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470802" title="List of Tunisian governorates by area">
List of Tunisian governorates by area

This is a table listing of Tunisian Governorates by area. Tunisia in total has an area of making it the 92nd largest country in the world:

</doc>
<doc id="21470808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470808" title="Selimus (play)">
Selimus (play)

Selimus, Emperor of the Turks is a tragedy attributed to Robert Greene and Thomas Lodge. It was published in 1594 and is loosely based on a historical figure named Selimus who was ruler of the Ottoman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="21470822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470822" title="Godfrey Barnsley">
Godfrey Barnsley

Godfrey Barnsley (1805-1873) was a nineteenth-century British-American businessman and cotton broker who became one of the wealthiest people in the southeastern United States.
Early life.
Barnsley was born on August 26, 1805, in Derbyshire, England. His father was George Barnsley, an English cotton mill owner and his mother was Anna (Hannah) Goodwin Barnsley. He also has an older brother named Joshua. Barnsley began working in the cotton business at his Uncle Godfrey Barnsley’s importing establishment in Liverpool, England.
In 1824, Godfrey Barnsley emigrated to America from Liverpool, England. At the age of eighteen, Barnsley moved to Savannah, Georgia. He arrived in Savannah with no money and no distinguished education. and became one of the most affluent men in the south through the cotton trade and shipping business. He also served as president of the Savannah Chamber of Commerce for several years.
While living in Savannah, Barnsley met Julia Henrietta Scarborough, the daughter of William Scarborough, a wealthy shipbuilder and merchant. In 1828, at the age of twenty-five, Barnsley married Julia on December 24. Barnsley and Julia had eight children.
In 1842, Julia’s health began to decline and Barnsley decided to move his family to north Georgia, where he believed there would be a more healthful climate for Julia. Barnsley traveled from Savannah to Cass County (now Bartow County) on an expedition with three friends, William Henry Stiles, Reverend Charles Wallace Howard and Francis Bartow. Stiles traveled to north Georgia because he was looking for land for future development. Howard was on a geological survey. Barnsley sought to find land where he could build a home that would be away from the heat and threat of yellow fever and malaria prevalent of the Georgia Coast where he lived. He chose a piece of land in the small village of Adairsville, Georgia.
Barnsley’s Mansion.
On , Barnsley began construction of his mansion for Julia. He called his manor Woodlands, which later became known as Barnsley Gardens. He designed the gardens of the estate in the style of Andrew Jackson Downing. Downing was considered “America’s first great landscape architect.” Barnsley also brought in every known variety of roses to be planted in the garden. The mansion had twenty-four rooms and was designed in the style of an Italian Villa. It had mantels of black and white marble imported from Italy and also had “unheard of conveniences, such as hot and cold running water.”
Barnsley had his house built on an acorn-shaped hill. An old Indian, who worked with Barnsley, warned him not to build on that piece of property. He explained that the site was sacred to the Cherokee and that anyone who tried to live on it would be cursed. Barnsley ignored the Indian’s advice and started construction anyway.
Tragedy.
Barnsley’s fortune soon changed after moving into his mansion. His infant son died and in the summer of 1845, Julia died of Tuberculosis. 
Barnsley still continued to build the mansion after Julia’s death because he felt her presence at the site. 
He toured Europe in search of “elegant furnishings” to decorate his estate. In 1850, Barnsley’s oldest daughter, Anna, got married and moved to England. 
Adelaide, Barnsley’s second daughter, died in the mansion in 1858.
Civil War.
When the American Civil War started, the cotton Barnsley brokered was no longer sellable and wound up rotting in warehouses in New Orleans. During the war, Barnsley moved back and forth from Woodlands to New Orleans. Barnsley’s two sons, George and Lucien, joined the Confederacy and in 1862, Howard, Barnsley’s oldest son, was killed by Chinese pirates while searching in the Orient for “exotic shrubbery” to add to the mansion.
On May 18, 1864, Colonel Robert G. Earle, who was part of the Second Alabama Light Cavalry and a friend of Barnsley, rode to Barnsley’s house to warn him that Sherman’s troops were approaching. He instead was shot down within sight of the mansion. Earle’s body was buried at Woodlands.
When Union troops did arrive at the site, Federal General McPherson ordered his men not to destroy Barnsley’s estate, but his orders were ignored. Italian statuary was smashed in hopes of finding hidden gold. Wine and food were stolen. What could not be stolen was smashed, including windows and china.
Leaving Woodlands.
By the end of the war, Barnsley moved to New Orleans to try to regain his lost fortune. He left Woodlands to be managed by James Peter Baltzelle, a Confederate army captain, who had married his daughter Julia. Baltzelle made a living by shipping timber from Woodlands, but was killed by a falling tree in 1868. Soon after, daughter Julia joined her father in New Orleans, along with her daughter, Adelaide. In 1873, Barnsley died in New Orleans and was taken back to Woodlands, where he was buried. The Woodlands manor house was destroyed in 1906 by a tornado, but the ruins are now open to the public and are part of Barnsley Resort .

</doc>
<doc id="21470824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470824" title="Willful violation">
Willful violation

In the North American legal justice system system and in US Occupational Safety and Health regulations,
willful violation (also called 'willful non-compliance') is an "act done voluntarily with either
an intentional disregard of, or plain indifference to," the requirements of Acts, regulations, statutes or relevant workplace policies. This is described with slightly different emphasis in an OSHA technical manual that a "willful violation exists under the Act where the evidence shows either an intentional violation of the Act or plain indifference to its requirements." 
Criminal Recklessness is similarly described in Black's Law Dictionary as "Conduct whereby the actor does not desire harmful consequence but...foresees the possibility and consciously takes the risk," or alternatively as "a state of mind in which a person does not care about the consequences of his or her actions."

</doc>
<doc id="21470846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470846" title="Wally Beavers">
Wally Beavers

Walter "Wally" James Beavers (11 July 1903 – 29 November 1965) was an English athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in York.
In 1928 he finished ninth in the 10,000 metres event. In the 5,000 metres competition he was eliminated in the first round.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the gold medal in the 3 miles contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21470870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470870" title="Dan Duran (broadcaster)">
Dan Duran (broadcaster)

Dan Duran is a Canadian actor and broadcaster, best known as a former co-anchor with Carla Collins of the Canadian entertainment news series "ENow". He was more recently seen in the recurring role of the ill-fated "Man from Protected" in the well-received Canadian television series "Cra$h & Burn".
In May 2011, he was announced as the morning show host on CJWV-FM, a new radio station in Peterborough, Ontario. His cohost will be actor Linda Kash.

</doc>
<doc id="21470888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470888" title="N'Dolondougou">
N'Dolondougou

N'Dolondougou is a commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Mena. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 14,756. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470890" title="Reese and the Smooth Ones">
Reese and the Smooth Ones

Reese and the Smooth Ones is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French BYG Actuel label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars noting that "The episodic music continually holds one's interest, and overall, it makes a unified (if unpredictable) statement".

</doc>
<doc id="21470896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470896" title="Dipeptidyl-peptidase I">
Dipeptidyl-peptidase I

Dipeptidyl-peptidase I (, "cathepsin C", "dipeptidyl aminopeptidase I", "dipeptidyl transferase", "dipeptide arylamidase I", "DAP I") is an enzyme. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
This Cl-dependent, lysosomal cysteine-type peptidase is maximally active at acidic pH.

</doc>
<doc id="21470913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470913" title="Dan Duran">
Dan Duran

Dan Duran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21470935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470935" title="Tenindougou">
Tenindougou

Tenindougou is a commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Falako. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 14,756. 

</doc>
<doc id="21470939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470939" title="Summersteps Records">
Summersteps Records

Summersteps Records is an independent record label located in Dunmore, Pennsylvania, United States. Formed by Eric Schlittler and Cassie Rose Kobeski in 1996 to release their home recordings on cassette tape, the label has grown to include other artists and to produce professional CDs and vinyl. Their premier act, Kid Icarus, was featured in Spin as artist of the day in August 2005.
Summersteps also released two tribute CDs to mysterious outsider Texas musician Jandek. The first one released in 2000 entitled and the second one released in 2005 entitled . Both tribute CDs featured artists both well known and obscure doing interpretations of Jandek songs as well as songs about the Jandek experience.

</doc>
<doc id="21470959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470959" title="2009 Perak constitutional crisis">
2009 Perak constitutional crisis

The 2009 Perak constitutional crisis was a political dispute in Malaysia regarding the legitimacy of the Perak state government formed in February 2009. It began when three Pakatan Rakyat state legislators defected, causing a collapse of the state government. The Sultan of Perak then refused Menteri Besar Mohammad Nizar Jamaluddin's request to dissolve the state assembly and call for new elections. Instead, Barisan Nasional (BN), with support from the three defecting assemblymen, formed the new state government.
The BN state government's legitimacy and the Sultan's decision not to dissolve the state assembly was disputed vehemently by Pakatan Rakyat politicians. A series of battles in the courts ensued between Nizar and the new Menteri Besar (Chief Minister), Zambry Abdul Kadir. Ultimately, the Federal Court confirmed in February 2010 that Zambry was the lawful menteri besar.
Overview.
The crisis in Perak began with the announcement by Barisan Nasional's Nasaruddin Hashim of his desire to cross the floor to Pakatan Rakyat. This was then followed by the re-defection of Nasaruddin to Barisan Nasional, and the declaration by three Pakatan Rakyat representatives, Deputy Speaker Hee Yit Foong, senior state Executive Council member Jamaluddin Mohd. Radzi and Osman Jailu, of their intentions to sit as independents while supporting the Barisan Nasional in confidence matters. The Sultan granted an audience to the Prime Minister (who is the head of Perak Barisan Nasional); at this meeting the PM claimed that the Barisan Nasional had the support of the majority of peoples elected representatives in the State Assembly. The Sultan ordered the PM to prove he had a majority. The PM left and returned later (the same day) with 31 elected members of the State Assembly all of whom told the sultan that they had no confidence in the Pakatan Rakyat and that they would support a Barisan Nasional government. Prior to the defections, Pakatan Rakyat had 32 representatives while Barisan Nasional had 27 representatives. The defections meant that the state now has 28 Pakatan Rakyat representatives, 28 Barisan Nasional representatives, and 3 independent representatives who pledged confidence to Barisan Nasional.
The morality of crossing the floor, the Sultan's power to dismiss the Menteri Besar (First Minister), the validity of pre-signed undated resignation letters, the powers of the Speaker of the House and power of the Election Commission were major issues of this constitutional crisis. In 11 May 2009, the Kuala Lumpur High Court ruled that the Sultan was not constitutionally permitted to dismiss the Menteri Besar, and that Nizar had always been the rightful head of the state government. On 22 May 2009, the Court of Appeal overturned the High Court decision, and confirmed that the Barisan Nasional which has sworn in a new chief minister and parliamentary speaker for Perak should remain in power. Furthermore the Court of Appeal found the trial judge to have erred in confusing the issue of whether the government has lost the confidence of the majority of the house with the issue of whether the Sultan has the power to dismiss the government. However Zambry's position as Menteri Besar will not go unchallenged despite the ruling as Pakatan Rakyat leaders have indicated they intend to file an appeal.
Defections.
The crisis began on 25 January 2009 when a member of the Barisan Nasional coalition's main component party - UMNO, Nasarudin Hashim announced his decision to leave the party and join PKR. Pakatan Rakyat leader, Anwar Ibrahim made continued claims of the possibility of more Perak and also Federal lawmakers from Barisan Nasional crossing the floor to Pakatan Rakyat. Mohammad Nizar Jamaluddin, the state's First Minister, also hinted at the possibility of another three state lawmakers from Barisan Nasional defecting over to Pakatan Rakyat. Nasarudin Hashim's defection angered the then Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, who chided Nasarudin for being weak and claimed that Nasarudin's defection was because Nasarudin was disappointed in not being offered any senior party posts. Nasarudin rebutted the Prime Minister's statement and claimed his decision was due to the mood of his constituents. On 29 January 2009 then Finance Minister Najib Razak took over from Mohammad Tajol Rosli Ghazali as the Perak UMNO chief, as Tajol Rosli resigned over Nasaruddin's party shift.
On 30 January 2009 two state assemblymen from PKR, senior state exco member and one time candidate for First Minister Jamaluddin Mat Radzi and Mohd Osman Jailu, who were both previously accused of corruption went missing from their homes. The State Assembly speaker V. Sivakumar of the DAP then declared the seats held by Jamaluddin and Osman vacant and informed the Election Commission to initiate a by-election in the two ridings. On 2 February 2009 both assemblymen reappeared and declared themselves independent assemblymen while pledging support for Barisan Nasional in confidence matters. The Election Commission then decided to not heed the speaker's requests and states that no by-elections would be held for the seats held by Jamaluddin and Osman.
The deputy speaker of the state assembly from the DAP Hee Yit Foong declared herself independent on 3 February 2009 with the same terms as Jamaluddin and Osman - supporting Barisan Nasional in matters of confidence. Nizar had an audience with the Sultan of Perak Sultan Azlan Shah and requested a dissolution of the state assembly to pave way for a snap election on 4 January 2009. Najib in his capacity as Perak UMNO chief had an audience with Sultan Azlan Shah together with Hee, Jamaluddin and Osman. The latest Pakatan Rakyat lawmaker Nasaruddin announced his return to UMNO citing that "want[s stability in Perak." Najib, then sought royal consent for Barisan Nasional to form the new government.
An almost similar scenario occurred in the state of Sabah following the 1994 state election whereby Parti Bersatu Sabah (PBS) won 25 seats against 23 won by Barisan Nasional. Defections by representatives of PBS into Barisan Nasional gave the latter the requisite majority to form government in Sabah.
New state government.
The Sultan Azlan Shah announced his decision to refuse Nizar's request for a dissolution of the state assembly and asked Nizar and his cabinet to resign, citing his discretion under Article XVIII (2)(b) of the Perak State Constitution after being satisfied that Nizar no longer commanded the support of the majority in the house of assembly. DAP advisor, Lim Kit Siang, charged that the sultan was obliged to act on the advice of the Menteri Besar and call fresh elections, citing Article 16(6) of the Perak State Constitution.
Nizar refused to resign and asked the sultan to reconsider and dissolve the assembly, citing reasons of democracy, with backing from leaders of Pakatan Rakyat. The police cordoned off the state secretariat building and demanded Nizar's cabinet to vacate the building. Later in the evening, the sultan asked Zambry Abdul Kadir to form the next government, removed Nizar from the office of Menteri Besar and swore in Zambry as the new First Minister on 6 February 2009.
On the morning of 6 February 2009, Nizar and his exco members returned to the Menteri Besar's office to find that their offices had been cleared. Nizar held a press conference in the office premises along with his exco, but they were promptly ordered to leave by the state secretary on grounds that they had breached an earlier agreement to only take his personal belongings. Nizar was escorted out of the office by the police 45 minutes later. Some members of the Bar Council defended the sultan's decision saying that His Majesty had acted within the state constitutional provisions while Information Minister Ahmad Shabery Cheek claimed that Nizar's refusal to resign was act of treason.
Zambry was sworn in as the new Menteri Besar of Perak at 4.08pm that day. The ceremony was attended by members of the Barisan Nasional, including Najib, who arrived in the royal palace, Istana Iskandariah, Kuala Kangsar under heavy security. Supporters of the Pakatan Rakyat amassed in large number outside the palace to protest the swearing in of Zambry. Anwar Ibrahim challenged the legitimacy of Zambry's appointment by stating that Nizar still remains the Menteri Besar, as guaranteed by the state constitutional provisions, while Nizar continued his call for a motion of no confidence to be held in the assembly sitting before he steps down. Nizar called for the resignation of Zambry and stated his desire to file an application at the High Court and declare his appointment as unconstitutional. Nizar and other members of the Pakatan administration returned to the Menteri Besar official residence on 7 February and went ahead with approving three new policies in Perak.
Litigation.
DAP chairman and Bukit Gelugor MP Karpal Singh issued a notice that he will file a lawsuit against the sultan and the new Barisan Nasional state government for acting beyond the state Constitution. Since the Election Commission had ruled that there was doubt over the vacancy of the state seats of Changkat Jering and Behrang (held by Osman Jailu and Jamaluddin Mohd Radzi respectively) after the pre-signed letters submitted by Assembly Speaker V. Sivakumar in relation to their resignation were contradicted by denials from both assemblymen, it triggered the provision of Article 33 (1). The provision stated that "if any question arises whether a member of the state Legislative Assembly has become disqualified for membership, the decision of the assembly shall be taken and shall be final". Mohammad Nizar Jamaluddin also filed an application at the High Court to declare the swearing in of Zambry Abdul Kadir as unconstitutional and illegal.
Assembly below a tree.
Before the sitting.
According to Nizar's senior exco member Ngeh Koo Ham, the Perak state legal advisor, Ahmad Kamal Mohd Shahid was trying to block state representatives from being notified of an emergency sitting of the state assembly on 3 March. He mentioned that this obstruction was in “contempt of the house” and liable for punishment under house rules.
The sitting.
Because the assemblypersons were barred from entering the building, Sivakumar declared the parking lot of the State Secretariat building as the meeting place. The assembly met under a tree in the parking lot, which would later be known as the Democracy tree. All the three motions were debated and passed unanimously, 27-0.
1BlackMalaysia protest and arrests.
The Coalition for Free and Fair Elections (Bersih) urged Malaysians to wear black on 7 May, to protest the "ongoing Perak coup" by the Barisan Nasional government.
"It will be a peaceful but powerful message of civil disobedience: that we, the people, are the politicians' bosses and no politician defiant of public opinion can escape punishment at the next poll," said Bersih representative Wong Chin Huat at the launch of the 1BLACKMalaysia campaign on 5 May.
That evening, Wong was arrested for sedition for writing several articles, including on the 1BLACKMalaysia campaign.
Security was tight around the state secretariat building where the state assembly is housed. The police cordoned off the roads in the areas from the night before the sitting on 7 May.
The police warned political party supporters not to create tension by dressing in black and gathering illegally in protest of the Perak state assembly sitting.
That didn't stop the supporters from showing up, dressed in black. Even before the sitting began, the police had arrested at dozens of people.
High Court rules takeover illegal.
On 11 May 2009, the High Court of Kuala Lumpur ruled that, since there had been no vote of no confidence in the state assembly, the Barisan Nasional takeover was "illegal" and the Pakatan Rakyat's Mohd Nizar Jamaluddin still held office. The opposition is expected to call for fresh elections, while the ruling party has vowed to appeal.
The Regent of Perak Raja Nazrin Shah has agreed to see Datuk Seri Nizar Jamaluddin on his request for dissolution of the Perak state legislature and the call for a fresh election.
The night of 11 May, the Pakatan Rakyat Perak executive council met and dismissed the state secretary and state legal adviser. Nizar announced his executive council would report for work the next day, and asserted that the 7 May sitting of the state assembly was invalid because it had been called by Zambry. By implication, this would prevent the Barisan-appointed Speaker from convening a new sitting of the state assembly.
On 12 May, Zambry filed his appeal at the Court of Appeal, which granted him a stay of execution on the court ruling, allowing him to retain the post of Menteri Besar until his appeal is heard.
Overturning of the High Court verdict.
The Court of Appeal overturned the High Court decision and held that Zambry the lawful Menteri Besar. The Court of Appeal's verdict was upheld by the Federal Court with a 5-0 verdict in February 2010. 
The constitutional crisis came to an indefinite end with Pakatan leaders having no choice but to obey the ruling. As a result, no fresh election was called and Zambry continues as Menteri Besar while Nizar became the opposition leader.
Comments and interpretations of the constitutional crisis.
On 2 March 2009, the president of the Malaysian Bar Council, Ambiga Sreenevasan remarked that the Institution of the Perak and its constitution are breaking down. She also mentioned that the secretary of state does not have the power to interfere in the affair of the assembly nor does the police, while the speaker has the very rights within the constitution to exercise his power to call for an emergency sitting of the state assembly. She was also quoted saying “Our institutions, that is the courts, the police, et cetera, are being tested and we can judge for ourselves whether they are acting independently or not.”
Tengku Razaleigh Hamzah, an UMNO politician veteran agreed with Pakatan MB to dissolve the state legislative and call for fresh state elections to resolve the political stalemate in Perak.
The Human Rights Commission (Suhakam) has joined the ever increasing chorus calling for fresh state elections to resolve the political stalemate in Perak.
Hardial Singh Khaira, a legal researcher, has done a full research on the "The Dismissal and Appointment of Menteri Besars in Perak" before any judgment was delivered on the Perak constitutional crisis by any Malaysian court and the full article can be viewed online.

</doc>
<doc id="21470966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470966" title="Diebé">
Diebé

Diebé is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of southern Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 5958.

</doc>
<doc id="21470985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470985" title="List of Tunisian governorates by population">
List of Tunisian governorates by population

This is a table listing of Tunisian Governorates by population estimates of 2007. Tunisia has an estimated population of 10,327,800 as of July 1, 2008 making it the 79th most populated country in the world:

</doc>
<doc id="21470999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21470999" title="Bossofala">
Bossofala

Bossofala is a rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains the main town, Neguela, and 16 villages. At the time of the 2009 census the commune had a population of 17,455. The commune lies to the northwest of Bamako, the Malian capital, and is bounded to the west by the River Baoulé, a tributary of Bakoy.

</doc>
<doc id="21471024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471024" title="Wilf Smith (footballer born 1917)">
Wilf Smith (footballer born 1917)

Wilfred "Wilf" Smith (18 April 1917 – 4 May 1995) was an English footballer who played as a midfielder for Port Vale either side of World War II. He made 164 appearances for the club in league and cup competitions, and later played for Buxton and Stafford Rangers.
Playing career.
Smith joined Port Vale from Sneyd Colliery in October 1936. He made his Third Division North debut in the 1936–37 season, before playing 21 league games in the 1937–38 campaign. He made 37 appearances in the Third Division South during the 1938–39 campaign. He guested for Nottingham Forest and Southend United during World War II. He returned to The Old Recreation Ground after the war, and featured 27 times in the 1946–47 season. He played only once in each of the 1947–48 and 1948–49 campaigns, and was given a free transfer in April 1950 by manager Gordon Hodgson. He finished his career playing for non-league sides Buxton and Stafford Rangers, before becoming a scout for Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21471030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471030" title="List of Mizuno sponsorships">
List of Mizuno sponsorships

Mizuno Corp. currently sponsors a number of professional athletes and teams.
Baseball.
Associations.
Official Supplier:
Batting gloves official supplier: 

</doc>
<doc id="21471042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471042" title="List of Tunisian governorates (sortable)">
List of Tunisian governorates (sortable)

The following table list all Tunisian governorates with some statistics: area, estimated population (2007), population density and creation date:

</doc>
<doc id="21471048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471048" title="Ferruccio Busoni discography (as composer)">
Ferruccio Busoni discography (as composer)

List of recorded works by category.
This list of recorded works is not complete. The recording artists are listed under each item with a link (ᵛ) to the recording description in the section Recording details. Details for some recordings are on the individual artist's page, and these links are indicated with ( • ). The date given is for the completion of composition.
Soloist with orchestra.
'"Concertstück Piece for piano and orchestra, Op. 31a (1890) BV 236
"'Violin Concerto in D (1897) BV 243
'"Piano Concerto in C major, Op. 39, with choral finale (1904) BV 247
"'Indian Fantasy Op. 44, for piano and orchestra (1914) BV 264
'"Concertino, Op. 48, for clarinet and small orchestra (1918) BV 276
"'Divertimento, Op. 52, for flute and orchestra (1920) BV 285
Orchestral.
'"Geharnischte Suite Suite Op. 34a (Second Orchestral Suite) (1895, 1903) BV 242
"'Eine Lustspielouvertüre Overture (1904) BV 245
'"Turandot Suite Op. 41, for orchestra (1905, 1911, 1917) BV 248
"'Verzweiflung und Ergebung and Resignation (addition to "Turandot Suite") (1911) BV 248a
'"Altoums Warnung Warning (addition to "Turandot Suite") (1917) BV 248b
"'Berceuse élégiaque for orchestra, Op. 42 (1909) BV 252a
'"Die Brautwahl Suite, Op. 45 (1912) BV 261
"'Nocturne Symphonique Op. 43 (1913) BV 262
'"Rondò Arlecchinesco Op. 46 (1915) BV 266
"'Gesang vom Reigen der Geister of the Dance of the Spirits, Op. 47 (1915) BV 269
'"Sarabande and Cortège: Two Studies for "Doctor Faust," Op. 51 (1919) BV 282
"'Tanzwalzer Waltzes, Op. 53 (1920) BV 288
Chamber.
Piano and strings.
'"Concerto for piano and strings, Op. 17 (1878) BV 80
Violin.
"'Violin Sonata in C major (1876) BV 41 
'"Four Bagatelles, Op. 28, for violin and piano (1888) BV 229
"'Violin Sonata No. 1 in E minor, Op. 29 (1889) BV 234
'"Violin Sonata No. 2 in E minor, Op. 36a (1900) BV 244
String quartet.
"'String Quartet No. 1 in C major, Op. 19 (1882) BV 208
'"String Quartet No. 2 in D minor, Op. 26 (1887) BV 225
Clarinet.
"'Suite Op. 10, for clarinet and piano (1878) BV 88
'"Solo dramatique, Op. 13, for clarinet and piano (1879) BV 101
"'Andantino Op. 41, for clarinet and piano (1879) BV 107
'"Serenade no.2 Op. 42, for clarinet and piano (1879) BV 108
"'Sonata in D major, for clarinet and piano (1879) BV 138
'"Suite in G minor for clarinet and string quartet (1880) BV 176
"'Abendlied by Schumann, transcribed for clarinet and string quartet (1881) BV B 107
'"Introduction by Spohr, Elegia by H. W. Ernst, transcribed for clarinet and string quartet (1887) BV B 110
"'Elegie, for clarinet and piano (1920) BV 286
Flute.
'"Duo Op. 73, for 2 flutes and piano (1880) BV 156
Solo piano.
"'Suite Campestre Suite Op. 18 (1878) BV 81
'"24 Préludes Op. 37 (1881) BV 181
"'Racconti Fantastici Tales Op. 12 (1882) BV 100
'"Macchiette Medioevali Figures Op. 33 (1883) BV 194
"'Variations and Fugue on the Prelude in C minor, Op. 28, no. 20, by Frédéric Chopin (1884) BV 213
'"Vierte Ballett-Szene Ballet Scene Op. 33a (1892) BV 238
"'6 Stücke Pieces Op. 33b (1895) BV 241
Elegien (1907) BV 249
'"Nuit de Noël. Esquisse Sketch (1908) BV 251
"'Berceuse (1909) BV 252
'"Fantasy after J. S. Bach (1909) BV 253
"'An die Jugend Youth (1909) BV 254
'"Fantasia Contrappuntistica, Edizione definitiva (1910) BV 256
"'Sonatina (No. 1) (1910) BV 257
'"Fantasia Contrappuntistica, Edizione minore. Chorale Prelude and Fugue on a Fragment of Bach (1912) BV 256a
"'Sonatina seconda (1912) BV 259
'"Zwei Tanzstücke Dance Pieces Op. 30a (1914) BV 235a
"'Indianisches Tagebuch. Erstes Buch Indian Diary. First Book. (1915) BV 267
'"Sonatina (No. 3) "ad usum infantis" (1915) BV 268
"'Sonatina (No. 4) "in diem nativitatis Christi" (1917) BV 274
'"Notturni. Prologo (1918) BV 279
"'Sonatina brevis (No. 5) "in signo Joannis Sebastiani Magni" (1918) BV 280
'"Sonatina No. 6 (Kammer-Fantasie über Carmen Fantasy super Carmen) (1920) BV 284
"'Toccata: Preludio – Fantasia – Ciaconna (1921) BV 287
'"Drei Albumblätter Album Leaves (1921) BV 289
"'Perpetuum mobile (1922) BV 293
'"Ten Variations on the Prelude in C minor, Op. 28, no. 20, by Frédéric Chopin (1922) BV 213a
"'Short Pieces for the Cultivation of Polyphonic Playing (1923) BV 296
'"Prélude et Etude en Arpèges and Etude in Arpeggios (1923) BV 297
Transcriptions.
"'Prelude and Fugue in D major (J. S. Bach BWV 532), tr. for piano (1888) BV B 20
'"Chaconne from Partita No. 2 in D minor for violin (J. S. Bach, BWV 1004), tr. for piano (1893) BV B 24
"'Ten Chorale Preludes for Organ by J. S. Bach, tr. for piano (1898) BV B 27
'"Six Chorale Preludes for Organ by Brahms, from Op. 122, transcribed for piano (1902) BV B 50
"'Fantasy and Fugue on the Chorale 'Ad nos, ad salutarem undam', (Liszt, arr. Busoni) (1897) BV B 59
'"Andantino from "Piano Concerto No. 9 in E-flat major", K. 271 (Mozart, arr. Busoni) (1913) BV B 84
Songs.
"'Des Sängers Fluch, Op. 39, for voice and piano (1879) BV 98
'"Zwei Lieder, Op. 31, for voice and piano (1880) BV 167
"'Zwei altdeutsche Lieder, Op. 18, for voice and piano (1884) BV 207
'"Album Vocale, Op. 30, for voice and piano (1884) BV 114
"'Zwei Lieder, Op. 15, for voice and piano (1884) BV 202
'"Zwei Lieder, Op. 24, for low voice and piano (1885) BV 216
"'Lied des Brander, for baritone and piano (1918) BV 299
'"Lied des Mephistopheles, Op. 49, no. 2, for baritone and piano (1918) BV 278a
"'Lied des Unmuts, for baritone and piano (1918) BV 281
'"Reminiscenza Rossiniana, for voice and piano (1923) BV A 5
"'Zigeunerlied, Op. 55, no. 2, baritone and piano (1923) BV 295a
'"Schlechter Trost (1924) BV 298a
Opera.
"'Die Brautwahl (1911) BV 258
'"Arlecchino (1916) BV 270
"'Turandot (1917) BV 273
Doktor Faust (1924, incomplete) BV 303
Recording details.
Piano concerto.
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Volker Banfield.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Peter Donohoe.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Marc-André Hamelin.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Gunnar Johansen.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. David Lively.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Pietro Massa.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Noel Mewton-Wood.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. John Ogdon.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Garrick Ohlsson.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. Viktoria Postnikova.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Concerto. François-Joël Thiollier.
Other soloist with orchestra.
Ferruccio Busoni. Works for Piano and Orchestra. Carlo Grante
Orchestral works.
Ferruccio Busoni: Orchestral Works. Werner Andreas Albert.
<BR>
Ferruccio Busoni: Orchestral Works, Volume I. Gerd Albrecht.
<BR>
Busoni: Orchestral Works • Jean-François Antonioli.
<BR>
Busoni: Orchestral Works. Michael Gielen.
<BR>
Ferruccio Busoni. The Classical Society.
<BR>
Busoni Orchestral Works. Järvi
<BR>
Busoni Orchestral Works, Volume 2. Neeme Järvi.
<BR>
Busoni, Casella, Martucci. Orchestral Works. Riccardo Muti.
<BR>
Busoni. Orchestral Works, Volume II. Arturo Tamayo.
<BR>
Busoni: Turandot Suite / 2 Studies for Doktor Faust. Samuel Wong.
Violin sonatas.
Ferruccio Busoni. Violin Sonatas. Lin, Loeb.
<BR>
Ferruccio Busoni. Violin Sonatas. Lev, Raekallio.
String quartets.
Ferruccio Busoni. String Quartets 1 & 2. Pellegrini-Quartett.
Other chamber music.
Busoni: Clarinet Chamber Music. Klöcker, Genuit.
Piano two hands.
Paul Jacobs: The Legendary Busoni Recordings & Works by Bach, Bartók, Brahms, Messiaen, Stravinsky.
<BR>
Busoni: Elegies. Ballet Scene No.4. Martin Jones.
<BR>
Ferruccio Busoni. The Major Piano Works. Geoffrey Douglas Madge.
<BR>
Busoni. Fantasia contrappuntistica. Fantasy & Fugue on 'Ad nos'. Hamish Milne.
<BR>
Busoni. Fantasia contrappuntistica. Vlad: Opus Triplex. Grante
<BR>
Busoni. Piano Works. John Ogdon.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Works. Roland Pöntinen.
<BR>
Busoni: Piano Works (Vol. 2). Roland Pöntinen.
<BR>
Busoni The Visionary. Jeni Slotchiver.
<BR>
Busoni The Visionary II. Jeni Slotchiver.
<BR>
Liszt & Busoni: '...and that is death' J. Y. Song.
<BR>
Busoni. Piano Works. Geoffrey Tozer.
<BR>
Great Pianists of the 20th Century – Alfred Brendel III
<BR>
Alfred Brendel – Unpublished Live and Radio Performances 1968–2001
Song recitals.
Busoni: Songs. Bruns, Eisenlohr.
Operas.
Busoni. Die Brautwahl. Fernando Previtali.
<BR>
Busoni. Die Brautwahl. Daniel Barenboim.
<BR>
Busoni: Arlecchino. Gerd Albrecht.
<BR>
Busoni: Turandot. Gerd Albrecht.
<BR>
Busoni. Arlecchino/Turandot. Kent Nagano
<BR>
Busoni: Doktor Faust. Kent Nagano
<BR>
Busoni: Doktor Faust. Ferdinand Leitner.
<BR>
Busoni: Doktor Faust. Philippe Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="21471060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471060" title="Dabo, Mali">
Dabo, Mali

Dabo is a rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 10 villages and had a population of 11,855 in the 2009 census. The main village is Boulal. 

</doc>
<doc id="21471065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471065" title="1926 Detroit Panthers season">
1926 Detroit Panthers season

The 1926 Detroit Panthers season was their fourth in the league and final season as the Panthers. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 8–2–2, winning only four games. They finished twelfth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21471082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471082" title="Bob Glazebrook">
Bob Glazebrook

Robert E. Glazebrook (born March 7, 1956 in Fresno, California) is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Atlanta Falcons.
He attended Hoover High School is Fresno, California. He currently resides in South Carolina with his wife Sharon. They have four kids: Stephan (married), Mara (married), Norie (married), and Rachel.

</doc>
<doc id="21471113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471113" title="On the Cover II">
On the Cover II

On the Cover II is an album of song covers by MxPx, like "On the Cover". The album features covers of various 80s songs. Beginning on February 9, 2009, feature artists were announced, one per day, on Alternative Press' website.

</doc>
<doc id="21471114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471114" title="Hal Stringert">
Hal Stringert

Harold Lloyd "Hal" Stringert (born January 5, 1952 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the San Diego Chargers and played college football for both Willamette University and the University of Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="21471178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471178" title="Reggie Austin (American football)">
Reggie Austin (American football)

Reginald Antonio Austin is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for two seasons for the Chicago Bears. He was a 4th round selection (125th overall pick) in the 2000 NFL Draft out of Wake Forest University.

</doc>
<doc id="21471180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471180" title="Rugby union in Madagascar">
Rugby union in Madagascar

Rugby union in Madagascar is a popular team sport. Madagascar is ranked 42nd worldwide by the International Rugby Board (IRB), and boasts over 22,540 registered players and more than 410 rugby clubs. Although Madagascar lacks a professional competition as it is one of the poorest countries in the world, it does possess a national club competition that is extensively covered in the national print media, as well as having matches televised. 
Rugby is considered the national sport of Madagascar.
Governing body.
The governing body is the Federation Malagasy de Rugby.
History.
Rugby union was introduced to Madagascar in the 1890s by French railroad workers who played the game in the capital, Antananarivo, during the colonial period. Historically the sport was seen as a violent pastime of the poor, however recent developments have seen a huge increase in the sport's profile throughout the country. The Madagascar team, locally referred to as the Makis (a Malagasy word for the Ring-tailed Lemur), reached the finals of the 2005 Africa Cup, increasing nationwide interest in the sport. Since then they have been semi-finalists in the 2006 Africa Cup and finalists again in the 2007 Africa Cup.
Madagascar is a founder member of the Confederation of African Rugby (CAR), which was launched officially in January 1986, in Tunis, Tunisia. Rugby officials from Tunisia, Morocco, Senegal, Ivory Coast, Tanzania, Kenya, and the Seychelles also attended.
Competitions.
The national club competition is structured along the same lines as the Argentine club championship. The regional unions within Madagascar send their top club(s) from the previous year's championship to compete in the nationwide top-flight league called the Top 8. 
The national team also competes annually in the Africa Cup, where matches sometimes double as Confederation of African Rugby Rugby World Cup qualifiers.
Popularity.
In addition to large participant numbers, rugby is popular with spectators in Madagascar. The Top 8 has average attendance figures of over 8,000, whilst the league final, and most international fixtures, attract crowds upward of 30,000 at the Stade Municipal de Mahamasina in the capital. It is common that international rugby matches substantially outdraw those of football at the Mahamasia. Rugby's popularity is strongest in the central highlands region including Antananarivo.
Rugby union's popularity in the country was recently demonstrated during the Division 1B Final of the Africa Cup, held in Madagascar. Madagascar triumphed over Namibia in front of 40,000 fans to stay in the qualification process for the 2015 Rugby World Cup to be held in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="21471182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471182" title="Bin Ashur">
Bin Ashur

Bin Ashur is a neighbourhood of Tripoli, Libya.
The densely populated area housed many diplomats and was considered to be a wealthy area. United States bombing in 1986 devastated the neighbourhood. Eiji Tanaka, the Ambassador of Japan to Libya, speculated that the U.S. bombs were intended to reach the Central Security Organization behind the Embassy of France to Libya, which received damage.

</doc>
<doc id="21471226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471226" title="Doug Jones (American football)">
Doug Jones (American football)

Douglas Charles Jones is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, the Buffalo Bills, and the Detroit Lions in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21471235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471235" title="Delta C">
Delta C

The Delta C, or Thor-Delta C was an American expendable launch system used for thirteen orbital launches between 1963 and 1969. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The first stage was a Thor missile in the DSV-2A configuration, and the second stage was the Delta D, which was derived from the earlier Delta. The baseline Delta C used an Altair-2 third stage, whilst the Delta C1 had an FW-4D third stage, which provided a higher payload capacity than the Altair. It is unclear whether two or three launches were made using the C1 configuration.
The Delta C was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 17. Most launches carried NASA research satellites into low Earth orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21471253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471253" title="Pre-B cell">
Pre-B cell

A Pre-B cell is a precursor to the development of B cells.
Certain leukemias/lymphomas are associated with immature B cells, and observing pre-B cell populations can be useful in the identification of these conditions.
It expresses CD19 and CD127, and the immunoglobulin heavy chain is rearranged, but the immunoglobulin light chain is not yet rearranged at this stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21471260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471260" title="São Pedro da Água Branca">
São Pedro da Água Branca

São Pedro da Água Branca is the westernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Maranhão, bordering both Pará and Tocantins states.

</doc>
<doc id="21471278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471278" title="Harvey Clayton">
Harvey Clayton

Harvey Jerome Clayton (born April 4, 1961 in Kendall, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="21471286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471286" title="Audio induction loop">
Audio induction loop

Audio induction loop systems, also called audio-frequency induction loops (AFILs) or hearing loops, are an aid for the hard of hearing. They are a loop of cable around a designated area, usually a room or a building, which generates a magnetic field picked up by a hearing aid. The loops carry baseband audio-frequency currents; no carrier signal is used. The benefit is that it allows the sound source of interest—whether a musical performance or a ticket taker's side of the conversation—to be transmitted to the hearing-impaired listener clearly and free of other distracting noise in the environment. Typical installation sites would include concert halls, ticket kiosks, high-traffic public buildings (for PA announcements), auditoriums, places of worship, and homes.
In the United Kingdom, as an aid for disability, their provision where reasonably possible is required by the Equality Act 2010 and previously by the Disability Discrimination Act 1995, and they are available in "the back seats of all London taxis, which have a little microphone embedded in the dashboard in front of the driver; at 18,000 post offices in the U.K.; at most churches and cathedrals", according to Prof. David G. Meyers.
In the United States, a newer technology using FM transmission to "neck loops" is more established. In comparison, hearing loops require a greater initial investment and are of lower quality in transmission for the casual hard of hearing patron, but offer greater convenience and avoid the social stigma entailed by the FM system's paraphernalia for those who have hearing aids. 
An alternative system used in theatres uses invisible infrared radiation; compatible headsets can pick up the modulated infrared energy to produce sound. 
This article considers the history and theory of induction loops, and some practical considerations.
History.
The pickup coil in a hearing aid is named Telecoil because its early form was to pick up a magnetic field from coils within a telephone. These were included as a part of the method of enabling a two-way conversation over a single pair of wires. The telecoil enabled hearing aid users to hear the phone conversation more clearly without also picking up background noise around them.
From this, the natural development was to generate audio magnetic fields which the telecoil could receive.
Induction loop theory.
The simple form of AFIL is a single wire around a room, driven from a power amplifier as a loudspeaker would be driven. The coupling of magnetic fields is described mathematically by Faraday's law of induction. A summary of the theory necessary for AFILs is included in BSI Specification BS7594, which is a guide to the design and installation of induction loops.
Practical induction loops.
The simple form of AFIL using a general purpose amplifier suffers from some disadvantages. The loop driver amplifier requires some additional circuits to overcome these. Using anything other than a correctly designed loop driver amplifier is not only unsatisfactory, but may result in a loop installation that can generate harmonics when driven into distortion, and these will cause radio interference. This must be prevented, both for sound quality and for legal reasons as it is illegal to cause such interference in these circumstances. In Europe, the EMC Directive applies, and it is also illegal to supply or install unsuitable electronic and electrical equipment.
A second factor is that many forms of hearing impairment mean that sound levels must be kept fairly constant. An effective loop driver will have an automatic level control providing a constant loop signal for a wide range of source levels. Meeting this requirement is likely to meet the interference requirement at the same time. To do this, the loop driver should give constant output for at least 30dB input range. 
A third problem is the inductance of the loop cable, and its effect upon the higher frequencies of sound. To overcome this, many loop drivers operate as current mode amplifiers instead of voltage mode. By setting the amplifier characteristic between voltage and current mode, the overall performance is optimised for good bandwidth with minimum distortion. There are other options for reducing the effect of cable inductance, including reducing inductance with a multi-core cable where the conductors are connected in parallel.
Structural steel, and other metalwork in buildings can cause a problem by reducing the field strength unevenly across the loop area and causing frequency distortions. In most cases, a solution can be found using combinations of loops with phase shift between them, combined with frequency correction and increased signal strength.
There are many different ways to configure conductive loops to give different patterns of magnetic fields and solve different technical problems such as the presence of metal structures.
Other equipment within the magnetic field.
Audio induction loops create, legitimately, fairly high magnetic field levels. Other equipment must be designed and installed to work properly within this field.
The most common cause of problems is earth loops, where different pieces of equipment are connected together by signal wires, but powered from different power sockets in different parts of the room or building. The combination of the mains earth and signal earth creates a receiving loop that produces an interference signal proportional to the area within the earth loop. Various steps are used to prevent interference on audio and video equipment. Powering signal sources and output devices from the same mains circuit to prevent formation of an earth loop; shielded cables or signal isolators may be used.
Technical standards.
An objective of the field strength requirements of standards for AFILs is to make the perceived loudness of sound from the loop the same as from the microphone in the hearing aid. This is the basis of the average field strength of 100mA/m used to generate today's performance standards around the world.
IEC 60118-4 (formerly Britain's BS6083 part 4, also known as EN 60118-4) is now the main specification for international use. This is based on the principle that the long term average of the field strength at a typical listening location must be 100mA/m, +- 3dB. To determine this long term average requires a measurement over 60 seconds or more. The standard therefore sets a more pragmatic requirement for determining the short term peaks of the signal. Short term peaks need to be 12dB (x4) higher than the long term average, based on the fact that peaks of speech are approximately 12dB higher than the long term average level of speech. Therefore an induction loop system or AFILS must be capable of delivering field strength peaks of 400mA/m +- 3dB (280 to 560mA/m). Peaks must be measured using fast RMS measurement (125ms averaging time). 
In addition the IEC 60118-4 standard sets limits on acceptable background noise, and requires that the system delivers frequency response of +- 3dB from 100 Hz to 5 kHz relative to the field strength at 1 kHz. All measurements must be made with a coil that picks up only the vertical component of the magnetic field, the component that is picked up by the telecoil of a hearing aid.
BS7594 (published by the BSI and widely used in Britain) is a non-mandatory guideline for the design and installation of induction loops. It has a comprehensive guide to theory, as well as guidance for those considering the installation of AFILs in buildings for which they may be responsible. It also contains some valuable guidance relating to other equipment within the loop area. The calibration of field strength measuring devices is also included.

</doc>
<doc id="21471316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471316" title="Kevin Scott (American football)">
Kevin Scott (American football)

Kevin Tommorse Scott (born May 19, 1969 in Phoenix, Arizona) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="21471319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471319" title="Proscalops">
Proscalops

Proscalops is an extinct genus of insectivoran.

</doc>
<doc id="21471337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471337" title="Lake Padden">
Lake Padden

Lake Padden is a lake located in Bellingham, Washington, United States. The park is popular during the spring and summer, and features numerous picnic areas as well as playgrounds. There are also numerous trails located around the lake and throughout the surrounding forest that are used for hiking and biking. A public golf course is located along the eastern shore. A significant piece of geography besides the lake itself is a 1000 foot ridge that separates the lake from I-5 to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="21471360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471360" title="Benny Perrin">
Benny Perrin

Jesse Bennett Perrin is a former professional American football safety who played four seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals in the National Football League. Benny played for the legendary University of Alabama football Coach Paul "Bear" Bryant from 1978–1981, winning NCAA National Championships in 1978 and 1979.
Perrin attended Decatur High School in Decatur, Alabama where he currently resides and is owner of BB Perrins Sports Bar and Grille.

</doc>
<doc id="21471374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471374" title="East Carolina–NC State rivalry">
East Carolina–NC State rivalry

The East Carolina–NC State rivalry is a rivalry between East Carolina University and North Carolina State University, both of which are located in North Carolina. The intensity of the rivalry is driven by the proximity of the two schools, both are UNC system schools and are only 83 miles apart via U.S. Highway 264. The size of the two schools, NC State is the largest university in the state and East Carolina is the second largest, and the fact that both schools are competing for many of the same athletes also add to the rivalry.
East Carolina was founded in 1907 as a normal school. It became a four-year institution in 1920 and was renamed East Carolina Teachers College. It then became East Carolina College in 1951 and East Carolina University in 1967. East Carolina joined the UNC System in 1972.
North Carolina State was founded in 1887 as a land-grant college. Its original name was North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts. In 1918, it changed its name to North Carolina State College of Agriculture and Engineering. In 1931, the school moved to under the Consolidated University of North Carolina and was renamed North Carolina State College of Agriculture and Engineering of the University of North Carolina. It once again was renamed North Carolina State of the University of North Carolina at Raleigh in 1963 and received its current name in 1965.
Football.
The most prominent sport in the rivalry is football. The two teams began competing against each other in 1970. The football series between the two teams was suspended in 1987. Jim Valvano terminated NC State’s scheduling of East Carolina after Pirate fans tore down goal posts and the playing surface at Carter-Finley in 1987. NC State’s athletics administration had publicly warned ECU and Pirate fans after two consecutive years of minor vandalisms to the stadium. The schools would not meet again until the 1992 Peach Bowl. In 1996, the two schools met in Charlotte's Bank of America Stadium rather than on either school's home field. In 1997, the North Carolina Legislature proposed a bill demanding that UNC-CH and N.C. State must play East Carolina on an annual basis. This would officially revive the series between East Carolina and N.C. State.
East Carolina and NC State have met on the football field 27 times, with 21 of those games played in Carter-Finley Stadium, 3 in Dowdy-Ficklen Stadium, and 3 in neutral venues. The highest profile game was played in the 1992 Peach Bowl, with 59,322 fans in attendance, this game would officially go on record as the largest attendance at the time for a game between two North Carolina college football teams.
NC State leads the all-time series, with 16 wins to East Carolina's 12 wins.
The next games that occur in the rivalry will be in 2016 in Greenville and 2019 in Raleigh.
Victory Barrel.
In 2007 the Student Government Associations of both North Carolina State University and East Carolina University in a cooperative agreement began awarding the ‘Victory Barrel’ to the game winner. The outer face of the barrel is affixed with engraved colored plates denoting the year, final score, and winner of each contest dating back to 1970.
Football game results.
"East Carolina victories are shaded in  purple and gold.  NC State victories are shaded  red and white . "
Baseball.
Since 1966, the two teams have met a total of 105 times. N.C. State leads the record 66-39-0. The two teams regularly qualify for the NCAA Division I Baseball Championship and games often have implications on the national rankings, as both teams are consistently in the top 30.
Notable games.
1968: NCAA District 3 Playoffs
East Carolina entered the NCAA Playoff with an opening win against Florida State and advanced to the next round to face N.C. State where they lost 7-5, giving N.C. State a sweep of the Pirates. This would be the first time that the two schools would meet in the tournament, and the two schools would not meet again in the tournament until 1990. East Carolina was eventually knocked out of the tournament by Florida State. N.C. State would advance to the semi-final round of the 1968 College World Series, only to be eliminated by the eventual national champion USC Trojans.

</doc>
<doc id="21471390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471390" title="John Willoughby">
John Willoughby

John Willoughby is a fictional character in Jane Austen's 1811 novel "Sense and Sensibility". He is described as a handsome young single man with a small estate, but has expectations of inheriting his aunt's large estate.
First appearance.
John Willoughby first appears in "Sense and Sensibility" when he rescues Marianne Dashwood after she falls down a hill and twists her ankle during a rainstorm. Because of this action, he is known as "Marianne's Preserver" by her younger sister, Margaret. After this action, Marianne Dashwood falls in love with him.
Willoughby's sudden journey to London.
Willoughby and Marianne obviously have strong sentiments of warmth and affection towards one another and everybody believes them to be clandestinely engaged. However, neither Marianne nor Willoughby hints at an engagement to anybody. One day, Willoughby wishes to speak to Marianne in private. By the time he has finished, Marianne is in tears, and it seems that he is gravely disappointed. The reason given by Willoughby to explain this is that his aunt has sent him on a business trip to London, and he must obey instantly, and he might not ever return to Devonshire. Marianne's mother interprets this abrupt journey as it being the intention of his aunt to dissolve any attachment between her nephew and Marianne, for Marianne has no dowry. Elinor suspiciously wonders why Willoughby would not say as much, but she does not doubt Willoughby's love for Marianne.
Willoughby and Marianne in London.
Mrs. Jennings invites both Elinor and Marianne to London with her during the winter, and Marianne, in hopes of reuniting with her beloved Willoughby, happily accepts; Elinor is only reluctantly persuaded after much entreaty and persuasion from her mother and Marianne. In London, Marianne improperly writes several letters to Willoughby, telling him that she had arrived in London and requesting him to come and visit her at the residence of Mrs. Jennings. Willoughby does not respond, throwing Mariannne into despair. Elinor and Marianne then encounter him by chance at a cotillion and Marianne confronts him for not replying to her letters. Willoughby treats her very coldly and is obviously paying attention to another lady. This greatly upsets Marianne who has to be taken home early. The next day, Marianne receives a letter from Willoughby in which he informs her in very cold and distant terms that his affections have long been engaged elsewhere and he is sorry if she ever mistakenly thought otherwise. He also returns all her letters and the lock of hair that she had "so obligingly bestowed upon him." Marianne is thrown into utter despair. Elinor thinks that Willoughby has broken an engagement with Marianne, but she explains that they were never engaged. Elinor attempts in vain to afford Marianne some consolation, and she tells her beloved sister to think of her family and to exert herself through this difficult interval of sorrow. At the ball it is revealed that Mr. Willoughby is now engaged to a fashionable young woman named Miss Grey who has a fortune of £50,000.
Willoughby's scandal.
Colonel Brandon, a friend of Elinor and Marianne, explains the reason for Willoughby's abrupt change of heart. It turns out that Willoughby had seduced the Colonel's 15 year old ward, Eliza, then abandoned her though she was pregnant. Brandon finds her, but in doing so Willoughby's actions are revealed to the world. When his aunt learns of the scandal, she demands that he makes amends to Eliza. When he refuses, she expels him from her estate and disinherits him, leaving him penniless and with many debts. It is at this point that he flees to London in search of a rich wife. Elinor tells Marianne about this in order that she see what a selfish person Willoughby is.
Marianne catches cold.
Marianne is so distressed by Willoughby's rejection that she becomes sick. She catches cold, which becomes putrid fever. She is not expected to survive, but does pull through. Willoughby coincidentally visits the house and speaks to Elinor when he confesses that he had been genuinely in love and intended to ask Marianne to marry him, before the scandal broke. But when his aunt dismissed him from her favor, he felt he had to marry for money because of his penniless state and debts. Willoughby's punishment for his treatment of Marianne is to spend the rest of his life married to a woman he does not even like, and to know that his bad behaviour lost him the woman he did love. His aunt, however, eventually forgives him, allowing him to return to Allenham, because of his marriage to Miss Grey. Nonetheless, he will forever be haunted by the loss of Marianne.
After her life-threatening illness, Marianne learns the errors of her previous belief that it is romantic to die of grief. She admits she could not have been happy with Willoughby's scandalous behavior, even if he had stood by her. She learns to overcome her love for him and starts to appreciate the constant devotion of the honourable Colonel Brandon. Eventually they marry, despite their age difference (she is 17 and he is 35 when they first meet).
Literary significance.
Jane Austen created Willoughby as a protagonist driven by the need for his own pleasure, whether that be through amusing himself with whatever woman crossed his path, or via marrying in order to obtain wealth to fuel his profligate ways. He does not value emotional connection and is willing to give up his true love for more worldly objects. This characterization is similar to that of George Wickham in Jane Austen's subsequent novel, "Pride and Prejudice". They both have the charm to ingratiate themselves with people and to deceive them, as John Willoughby did to Marianne when surprising her of his journey to London, and George Wickham to Elizabeth by fabricating a story to demonstrate how much anguish he had experienced in his life. And they both show themselves willing to seduce and ruin women—Eliza in Willoughby's case and Lydia Bennet and Georgiana Darcy in Wickham's case. However, it appears that John Willoughby is not completely without a conscience, unlike George Wickham, because Willoughby did express remorse and guilt concerning his actions toward Marianne, and is capable of falling in love, while George Wickham was very calculating in his behavior and never demonstrated any regret regarding his treatment of Georgiana or Lydia, or embarrassment about his lies to Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="21471402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471402" title="Daniella Campos">
Daniella Campos

Daniella Andrea Campos Lathrop (born 1976) is a Chilean TV presenter and beauty pageant titleholder who placed in the Top 10 at Miss World 1998.
Miss World 1998.
As Miss World Chile 1998, Campos represented her country in 1998 Miss World pageant, where she was named as one of the ten semifinalists, and obtained the title of Queen of the Americas.
Nowadays, she works on morning TV shows.

</doc>
<doc id="21471419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471419" title="Reuben Henderson">
Reuben Henderson

Reuben Stanley Henderson, D.O. (born October 3, 1958 in Santa Monica, California) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for four seasons for the Chicago Bears and the San Diego Chargers. He is now an osteopathic physician.
Personal life.
Reuben Henderson was born in Santa Monica, California. He attended Fontana High School in Fontana, California, graduating in 1976. He then attended Oklahoma State University and San Diego State University.
Football.
After a standout career at Fontana High School, culminating in a CIF championship game in 1976, Henderson then joined the football program at Oklahoma State University. He later finished his college football career at San Diego State University.
Henderson was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the 6th round in 1981. He played two years in Chicago, before being traded to the San Diego Chargers. After two years with the Chargers, Henderson retired from professional football.
After football.
After his professional football career ended in 1984, Henderson enrolled in the osteopathic medicine program at Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine, where he graduated "best clinical student" in the class of 1993 with a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree. He currently operates a private practice in Lansing, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21471457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471457" title="Larry Benz">
Larry Benz

Larry Walker Benz (born January 28, 1941 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played three seasons for the Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="21471472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471472" title="Vrela, Teslić">
Vrela, Teslić

Vrela (Serbian Cyrillic: "Врела") is a rather small village in Teslić municipality, in Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Today it is individual local community within the municipality. Previously it was but an insignificant part of neighbouring local communities such as Žarkovina and Stenjak within Teslić municipality, or Kalošević within Tešanj municipality. Population counts to less than 200, all of Serb ethnic groupation, 97% of Orthodox Christian religion.
It is bordered with the river Usora to the north and hills to the south, with straits at the Škrebin Kamen hill (literally: Škreba’s Rock) to the west and another one to the Kalošević village to the east. It is the first settlement of Teslić municipality to be entered when approaching from Doboj.
Until 1968 there was a railway station in Vrela.
During the war in Bosnia, the village was an important border crossing between than warring Republic of Srpska and Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, where numerous exchanges of POWs, civilians and the killed were conducted. The area around the Inter-Entity Boundary Line was heavily seeded with mine-fields and some parts are still considered dangerous. 

</doc>
<doc id="21471491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471491" title="Tom Vaughn (American football)">
Tom Vaughn (American football)

Thomas Robert Vaughn is a former professional American football safety who played seven seasons for the Detroit Lions in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21471533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471533" title="Warren Giese">
Warren Giese

Warren Giese (July 14, 1924 – September 12, 2013) was a state legislator in South Carolina and a college football coach. He served as the head football coach for the South Carolina Gamecocks for five years at the University of South Carolina. He later served in the South Carolina State Senate.
At South Carolina, Giese employed a conservative, run-first game strategy, but he enthusiastically adopted the two-point conversion when it was made legal in 1958. That year, he also correctly predicted the rise of special teams after the NCAA relaxed its player substitution rules.
Early life.
Giese was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he attended Rufus King High School. He attended and played football at the Milwaukee State Teachers College for one year before enlisting in the United States Navy through the V-12 pilot training program at Central Michigan University. He played football there as well in 1943, and in the Navy, he also played at stations in Miami and Jacksonville, Florida.
After World War II, Giese resumed college at the University of Oklahoma, where he played college football as an end under head coach Jim Tatum in 1946. That season, he was named a first-team All-Big Six Conference player. Giese graduated from Oklahoma in 1947. That year, he returned to Central Michigan to play football for his final year of college eligibility.
Coaching career.
Giese began his coaching career at the Sacred Heart Academy High School in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, where he coached for one season and compiled a 3–4 record. From 1949 to 1955, Giese served as the ends coach at Maryland. During that time, under Jim Tatum, Giese's former mentor at Oklahoma, Maryland was awarded the consensus national championship in 1953 and has been retroactively awarded the 1951 national championship by several selectors. In March 1951, Giese declined the head coaching position at Central Michigan University, for which he had already been approved by the school administration, after Maryland offered him a pay raise. Giese co-authored a book with Tatum entitled "Coaching Football and the Split-T".
In 1955, University of South Carolina athletic director and head football coach, Rex Enright, compiled a 3–6 record and his health was in decline. As a result, he resigned as football coach and hired Giese as his own replacement. At the time, Giese was the youngest head football coach in the nation. He remained as South Carolina head coach for five years and compiled a 28–21–1 record.
As head coach, Giese employed a conservative strategy heavily focused on the ground attack and rarely employed passing. He also relied on long drives to maximize time of possession and said "The other team can't score if it doesn't have the football." When Giese took over in 1956, at least 51 South Carolina players were being paid, in violation of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) rules. The Gamecocks' star running back, Alex Hawkins, admitted, "Every school that recruited me had some kind of financial offer." Giese put an immediate end to the payouts and told the players, "Anybody that doesn't like it, submit three teams that you'd like me to recommend you to." Hawkins requested a recommendation for Kentucky among others, but says, "It never dawned on me he wouldn't call any of them."
In his first season, 1956, Giese coached the Gamecocks to a 7–3 record. In the second game, South Carolina defeated 16th-ranked Duke led by quarterback Sonny Jurgensen, 7–0. It was South Carolina's first win over Duke since 1930 and propelled the Gamecocks to a number-17 ranking. South Carolina set the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) record for passing defense, allowing just 476 passing yards (47.6 per game), which still stands to date. In 1957, South Carolina upset the then 20th-ranked Texas team that continued onto the Sugar Bowl, 27–21. The Gamecocks finished with a 5–5 record. In 1958, Giese's team recorded the only win over arch-rival Clemson during his tenure, 26–6. Hawkins was named the ACC Player of the Year. That season, the NCAA implemented the two-point conversion rule, and Giese enthusiastically adopted it as part of his game strategy. He calculated that two-point conversions were successful 40% of the time, while point-after-touchdown kicks succeeded 65% of the time. In 1959, South Carolina recorded 13 two-point conversions, setting a school record that still stands to date.
That season, the NCAA loosened its rules regarding player substitutions, and Giese correctly predicted the future rise of a "third platoon", distinct from the offensive and defensive units of two-platoon football. Today the third platoon is known as the special teams. In 1959, South Carolina was the only team to beat Georgia. The Gamecocks climbed to a number 11 ranking in mid-season and finished with a 6–4 record. In 1960, Giese's team finished with a 3–6–1 record, and he was replaced by former assistant Marvin Bass. After his relief as head coach, Giese remained the South Carolina director of athletics for an additional year. In 1962, he became a full-time professor and chairman of the Department of Physical Education.
Political career.
Giese was elected as a Republican to the South Carolina State Senate in 1985. He retired in 2004 as the second oldest serving South Carolina senator.
Personal life.
One of his sons, W. Barney Giese, who attended the University of South Carolina as an undergraduate and for law school, was the Richland County, South Carolina solicitor. Barney Giese unsuccessfully ran for election to his retired father's vacated Senate seat. His other son, Keith Giese, served as the assistant solicitor in Lexington County, South Carolina, and currently works as a criminal defense lawyer in Columbia, South Carolina. Warren Giese died September 12, 2013 in Columbia, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="21471534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471534" title="FM 2-22.3 Human Intelligence Collector Operations">
FM 2-22.3 Human Intelligence Collector Operations

Army Field Manual 2 22.3, or FM 2-22.3, Human Intelligence Collector Operations, was issued by the Department of the Army on September 6, 2006. The manual gives instructions on a range of issues, such as the structure, planning and management of human intelligence operations, the debriefing of soldiers, and the analysis of known relationships and map data. The largest and most newsworthy section of the document details procedures for the screening and interrogation of prisoners of war and unlawful combatants.
Political issues.
Drafting of the manual reflected concerns about enhanced interrogation techniques and/or torture, such as water boarding, that followed after a 2003 memo by John Yoo determined that the wartime authority of the U.S. president overrode international agreements against torture. Revision of the manual from the previous FM 34-52 Intelligence Interrogation followed passage of a law in 2005, pressed by Senator John McCain, that caused interrogation techniques not included in the manual to be considered illegal for the U.S. Army, but not for the CIA. Therefore, the release of the manual was seen to prohibit Army personnel from methods such as mock executions, sexual humiliation, hooding prisoners and "waterboarding". On March 8, 2008 president George W. Bush vetoed a bill, supported by Democrats and opposed by John McCain, which would have restricted the CIA to the techniques in the manual.
Disputes during the manual's preparation included whether a section on interrogation techniques would remain classified, and whether the Geneva conventions ban on "humiliating and degrading treatment" would be removed.
, issued by Barack Obama on January 22, 2009 (two days after Obama's inauguration) revoked of July 20, 2007. It restricted the CIA and other Executive Agencies to proceed with interrogations "strictly in accord with the principles, processes, conditions, and limitations Field Manual 2 22.3 prescribes". Persons associated with the U.S. government were advised that they could rely on the manual, but could not rely upon "any interpretation of the law governing interrogation -- including interpretations of Federal criminal laws, the Convention Against Torture, Common Article 3, Army Field Manual 2 22.3, and its predecessor document, Army Field Manual 34 52 issued by the Department of Justice between September 11, 2001, and January 20, 2009." This order restricted the CIA and all other U.S. personnel to the same rules that the military uses in interrogations. Newsweek described the impact of this and three other executive orders issued shortly after Obama's inauguration as ""The End of Torture"", calling Obama's decision to restrict the CIA to the Army Field Manual ""his most far-reaching and potentially controversial move"" among these, and the subject of internal debate among Obama advisors. Others expressed doubt about the policies, citing that in six months an interagency commission, headed by the U.S. Attorney General, may recommend "additional or different guidance" for non-military agencies such as the CIA. The Center for Constitutional Rights, one group that represents detainees, termed the commission an "escape hatch" for returning to previous practices. The Wall Street Journal termed this the ""Jack Bauer exception"", saying that Obama was drawing a line where none really existed, citing that Bush officials have stated that they used water boarding only against three top al-Qaida officials in 2003, and saying that the real effect was that CIA interrogators were purchasing legal insurance.
Interrogation methods.
The manual permits nineteen interrogation techniques, Described in Chapter 8 of the manual as "approach techniques" to help establish a rapport, these are:

</doc>
<doc id="21471554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471554" title="Araioses">
Araioses

Araioses is the easternmost city in the Brazilian state of Maranhão. It lies near the Parnaíba River's delta, and its territory also include the Canárias, Desgraça, Coroatá and Grande de Paulino islands, apart from several smaller islands.
History.
Araioses already Village, town and village, has city status on March 29, 1938 (75 years), by State Law No. 045. The Catholic religion is predominant in the city is celebrated annually Araioses Patroness of Our Lady of the Conception of 29 November a 08 out of ten. the mother church and several other saints at headquarters and within the municipality.
Had its origin in the village of Indians Araios, the branching of Tapuias and inhabiting the northern and eastern Maranhão Piauí. Were disseminated by the action of the Portuguese colonizers smugglers and pirates. First, however, since settled giving rise to a village that became parish, village and March 29, 1938 amounted to a city. Its economy was based on the production of cane sugar, carnauba wax-of-cotton, rice and other foodstuffs temporios. Araioses today differs from past development presents a vegetative growth in the face of globalization. The municipality is privileged by nature, is located at the vicinity of the Delta of the Americas, thus being able to develop their potential
Geography.
The municipality is in the northeastern state of Maranhão, and is one of the gateways to the Delta river.
The municipality of Araioses comprises an area of 1782.5 km ². Including the mainland and island (Canary Island, Ilha do Caju, etc.). It is located at an altitude of 6 feet above sea level. It lies to the east, in the microregion of the Parnaíba Low, limited to the North by the Atlantic Ocean, to the south with the municipalities of Magallanes and San Bernardo de Almeida, the East with the Parnaíba River, and to the west with the municipalities of Water sweet and Santana do Maranhão. Its population, according to Census 2010 is 42,505 inhabitants, 12,045 in the urban and the rural area 30,460 people. Its density is 23.84 inhabitants / km ². He is currently one of the poorest municipalities in Brazil and one of the worst human development indices.
Hymn Araioses.
Hail, Land of Heroes fearless
What search progress and adventure,
Fear not the path overdue.
All rousing with faith and bravery,
Your work and your name, then
Contemplate the power of the Nation Chorus Araioses,
Araioses're the Land of Peace and Love ...
Your people fortunate, ennobles your splendor.
Your glory is always constant
Thy children await the future
And the higher steps of the History of Brazil ye shalt unite;
About us remain greatness
Sublimated by Nature.

</doc>
<doc id="21471565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471565" title="The Birth (EP)">
The Birth (EP)

The Birth EP was Rasco's second solo album. Released from Stones Throw Records, Rasco signed a deal with Copasetik Records. Planet Asia with Richness cameo and the Molemen's His-Panik and Protest on production.

</doc>
<doc id="21471592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471592" title="1113–15 Balearic Islands expedition">
1113–15 Balearic Islands expedition

In 1114, an expedition to the Balearic Islands, then a Muslim "taifa", was launched in the form of a Crusade. Founded on a treaty of 1113 between the Republic of Pisa and Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona, the expedition had the support of Pope Paschal II and the participation of many lords of Catalonia and Occitania, as well as contingents from northern and central Italy, Sardinia, and Corsica. The Crusaders were perhaps inspired by the Norwegian king Sigurd I's attack on Formentera in 1108 or 1109 during the Norwegian Crusade. The expedition ended in 1115 in the conquest of the Balearics, but only until the next year. The main source for the event is the Pisan "Liber maiolichinus", completed by 1125.
__TOC__
Treaty and preparations.
In 1085 Pope Gregory VII had granted suzerainty over the Balearics to Pisa. In September 1113 a Pisan fleet making an expedition to Majorca was put off course by a storm and ended up near Blanes on the coast of Catalonia, which they initially mistook for the Balearics. The Pisans met with the Count of Barcelona in the port of Sant Feliu de Guíxols, where on 7 September they signed a treaty "causa corroborandae societatis et amicitiae" ("for the cause of social cooperation and friendship"). Specifically the Pisans were exempted from the "usagium" and the "jus naufragii" in all the territories, present and future, of the Count of Barcelona, though Arles and Saint-Gilles, in the recently acquired March of Provence, were singled out for special mention (three times).
The only surviving copy of the treaty between Pisa and Barcelona is found interpolated in a charter of James I granted to Pisa in 1233. It affirms that the meeting was unplanned and apparently arranged by God. Some scholars have expressed doubt about the lack of preparation, citing the Catalans' rapid response to the presence of the Pisans as evidence of some previous contact. The attribution of the meeting to Providence alone may have been concocted to add an "aura of sacredness" to the alliance and the crusade.
The treaty, or what survives of it, does not refer to military cooperation or a venture against Majorca; perhaps that agreement was oral, or perhaps its record has been lost, but a Crusade was planned for 1114. The chief goal was the freeing of Christian captives and the suppression of Muslim piracy. Most of the Pisan fleet returned to Pisa, but some ships damaged by the storm remained to be repaired and some men remained behind to construct siege engines. In the spring of 1114 a new fleet of eighty ships arrived from Pisa, following the French coast, briefly staying at Marseille.
The fleet brought with it Cardinal Bosone, an envoy from Paschal II, who vigorously supported the expedition, authorising it in a bull as early as 1113. Paschal had also granted the Pisans the "Romana signa, sedis apostolicae vexillum" ("Roman standard, the flag of the apostolic see"), and his appeals for the expedition had borne fruit. Besides the 300 ships of the Pisan contingent, there were 120 Catalan and Occitan vessels (plus a large army), contingents from the Italian cities of Florence, Lucca, Pistoia, Rome, Siena, and Volterra, and from Sardinia and Corsica under Saltaro, the son of Constantine I of Logudoro. Among the Catalan princes there were Ramon Berenguer, Hug II of Empúries, and Ramon Folc II of Cardona. The most important lords of Occitania participated, with the exception of the Count of Toulouse, Alfonso Jordan: William V of Montpellier, with twenty ships; Aimeric II of Narbonne, with twenty ships; and Raymond I of Baux, with seven ships. Bernard Ato IV, the chief of the Trencavel family, also participated. Ramon Berenguer and his wife, Douce, borrowed 100 "morabatins" from the Ramon Guillem, the Bishop of Barcelona, to finance the expedition.
Conquest and loss.
The combined Crusader fleet raided Ibiza in June, and destroyed its defences, since Ibiza lay between Majorca and the mainland and would have posed a continued threat during a siege. The "Liber maiolichinus" also records the taking of captives, who were trying to hide in "careae" (probably caves), on Formentera. Ibiza was under Crusader control by August. The Crusaders invested Palma de Majorca in August 1114. As the siege dragged on the counts of Barcelona and Empúries entered into peace negotiations with the Muslim ruler of Majorca, but the cardinal and Pietro Moriconi, the Archbishop of Pisa, interfered to put an end to the discussions. Probably the Catalan rulers, whose lands lay nearest the Balearics, expected an annual payment of "parias" (tribute) from the Muslims and the cessation of pirate raids in return for lifting the siege.
Muslim reinforcements, Almoravids from the Iberian port of Denia, surprised a Pisan flotilla of six in the waters off Ibiza, with only two of the Pisan vessels making it to safety, which consisted of the remains of a fortress burned by the king of Norway a decade earlier. In April 1115 the city capitulated and its entire population was enslaved. This victory was followed by the capture of most of the Balearics' major settlements and the freeing of most captive Christians on the islands. The independent Muslim "taifa" ruler was taken back to Pisa a captive. The greatest victory, however, was the annihilation of Majorcan piracy.
The conquest of the Balearics lasted no more than a few months. In 1116 they were reconquered by the Almoravids of peninsular Iberia.

</doc>
<doc id="21471594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471594" title="1928 Frankford Yellow Jackets season">
1928 Frankford Yellow Jackets season

The 1928 Frankford Yellow Jackets season was their fifth in the National Football League. The team improved on their previous league output of 6–9–3, winning eleven games. They finished second in the league standings.

</doc>
<doc id="21471595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471595" title="Eopelobates">
Eopelobates

Eopelobates is an extinct genus of frog.

</doc>
<doc id="21471607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471607" title="Live in Paris (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)">
Live in Paris (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)

Live in Paris is a double live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris and at the Jazz Festival de Châteauvallon and first released on the BYG Actuel label in Japan as two separate volumes ('Live Part 1' and 'Live Part 2') in 1974. It was issued on CD by Charly Records under the title 'Live In Paris' to avoid confusion with the Delmark 'Live At Delmark Hall' album (issued on CD under the title 'Live'), and then later issued in the US, with the same artwork and design, by Fuel 2000 Records in the US. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut, Fontella Bass and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states "This is the finest live recording by the Art Ensemble, and documents the first tour of a legendary band that created new standards not only for improvisation but for performance as well".

</doc>
<doc id="21471642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471642" title="Urine anion gap">
Urine anion gap

The urine anion gap is calculated using measured ions found in the urine. It is used to aid in the differential diagnosis of metabolic acidosis.
The term "anion gap" without qualification usually implies serum anion gap. The "urine anion gap" is a different measure, principally used to determine whether the kidneys are capable of appropriately acidifying urine.
Calculation.
Urine anion gap is calculated by subtracting the urine concentration of chloride (anions) from the concentrations of sodium plus potassium (cations):
where the concentrations are expressed in units of milliequivalents/liter (mEq/L).
In contrast to the serum anion gap equation, the bicarbonate is excluded. This is because urine is acidic, so the bicarbonate level would be negligible.
Uses.
Determining the cause of a metabolic acidosis that lacks a serum anion gap often depends on determining whether the kidney is appropriately excreting acid. The urine anion gap is an 'artificial' and calculated measure that is representative of the unmeasured ions in urine. Usually the most important unmeasured ion in urine is NH4+ since it is the most important form of acid excretion by the kidney. Urine NH4+ is difficult to measure directly, but its excretion is usually accompanied by the anion chloride. A negative urine anion gap can be used as evidence of increased NH4+ excretion. In a metabolic acidosis without a serum anion gap:

</doc>
<doc id="21471649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471649" title="Delta D">
Delta D

The Delta D, Thrust Augmented Delta or Thor-Delta D was an American expendable launch system used to launch two communications satellites in 1964 and 1965. It was derived from the Delta C, and was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The three-stage core vehicle was essentially the same as the Delta C. The first stage was a Thor missile in the DSV-2A configuration, and the second stage was the Delta D, which was derived from the earlier Delta. An Altair-2 SRM was used as a third stage. The main difference between the Delta C and Delta D was the presence of three Castor-1 solid rocket boosters, clustered around the first stage.
Both Delta D launches were conducted from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 17A. The first, on 19 August 1964, carried the Syncom 3 satellite. The last, on 6 April 1965, carried the first commercial communications satellite, Intelsat I.

</doc>
<doc id="21471650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471650" title="René Lefebvre">
René Lefebvre

René Charles Joseph Marie Lefebvre (February 27, 1879 – March 4, 1944) was a French factory-owner from Tourcoing, who died in the German concentration camp in Sonnenburg, in the Province of Brandenburg (today in Lubusz Province in western Poland), where he had been imprisoned by the German "Gestapo" because of his work for the French Resistance and British Intelligence. René Lefebvre was the father of French Roman Catholic archbishop Marcel Lefebvre, the founder of the international Traditionalist Catholic organisation Priestly Fraternity of Saint Pius X (SSPX).
Life.
Lefebvre was born in Tourcoing in Nord, in northern France in 1879, from a family which gave almost fifty of its members to the Church since 1738, including a cardinal, a few bishops and many priests and religious He was a devout Catholic who brought his children to daily Mass. In 1923, he advised two of his sons, Marcel and René, to begin studies for the priesthood at the French Seminary in Rome. Of his eight children, two became missionary Priests, three girls entered in different religious congregations and the other three founded large Catholic families.
Lefebvre was also an outspoken monarchist who ran a spy-ring for British Intelligence when Tourcoing was occupied by the Imperial German Army during World War I.
Later, during World War II, when Nazi Germany occupied France, he resumed this work, smuggling soldiers and escaped prisoners to un-occupied France and London. He was arrested and sentenced to death in Berlin on May 28, 1942, for "complicity with the enemy and recruitment of young people to bear arms against the Greater German Reich". He was sent to "KZ Sonnenburg", a former prison converted into a concentration camp, mainly holding Communist and Social Democrat activists. Lefebvre died in Sonnenburg after one year of sufferings and privations; his body has never been recovered.
Legacy.
On July 16, 1953, Lefebvre was posthumously decorated by the French government with the "Médaille militaire" for his active participation in the resistance movement. Lefebvre was married to Gabrielle Wattin, who died in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="21471659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471659" title="Leiden Classical">
Leiden Classical

Leiden Classical is a distributed computing project run by the Theoretical Chemistry Department of the Leiden Institute of Chemistry at Leiden University. Leiden Classical is part of the BOINC system, and enables scientists or science students to submit their own test simulations of various molecules and atoms in a classical mechanics environment. ClassicalDynamics is a program (and with it a library) completely written in C++. The library is covered by the LGPL license and the main program is covered by the GPL.
Joining the project.
Participation is possible via the BOINC manager. Using this software one can create an account in the project. Then someone can make a model of a dynamic system and simulation participating run. There are several models possible, to interactions between molecules or planets.
User Submitted Calculations.
To create a personal calculation, your model must have 6 defined variables:

</doc>
<doc id="21471661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21471661" title="Lysorophus">
Lysorophus

Lysorophus is a genus of Lysorophia, extinct Permian Lepospondyl tetrapods. Most of the specimens are found from North America and attributed to the first formally described species Lysorophus tricarinatus due to the lack of diagnostic characters, but several other species have been described. "Lysorophus" were small salamander-like amphibians. They lived in fresh water, aestivating in burrows during dry periods.

</doc>
