<doc id="21433564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433564" title="2009 UTEP Miners football team">
2009 UTEP Miners football team

The 2009 UTEP Miners football team represented the University of Texas at El Paso in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's head coach was Mike Price. The Miners played their home games at the Sun Bowl Stadium in El Paso, Texas. The Miners finished the season 4–8 and 3–5 in Conference USA play.
Recruiting.
UTEP's class of 20 players includes 14 who are graduating from Texas high schools in 2009. The most notable of these players is Darren Mickens, the nephew of NFL cornerback Ray Mickens.
Game notes.
Buffalo.
Sophomore quarterback Zach Maynard threw for 159 yards in his first career start, leading Buffalo to a 23–17 win over UTEP in the season opener for both schools on Saturday in the Sun Bowl.
Maynard's 42–yard pass to Naaman Roosevelt with 12:13 remaining in the third quarter gave the Bulls a 23–7 lead that the Miners couldn't overcome - although they did come close.
UTEP chipped away, cutting the deficit to 23–14 on a 17-yard scoring run by James Thomas with 7:37 remaining in the third period, then 23–17 on a 31–yard field goal by Logan Barrett with 5:45 to play.
The Miners got the ball back following a defensive stop and drove 60 yards to the Buffalo 20–yard line with under a half–minute remaining. Trevor Vittatoe hooked up with Thomas for the apparent tying score with 14 seconds left, but the play was nullified due to a holding penalty on offensive lineman Rod Huntley. Making matters worse, offensive lineman Lance Evbuomwan was charged with unsportsmanlike conduct for celebrating the touchdown, backing up the Miners to the 42–yard line. Vittatoe's final two pass attempts - both intended for Kris Adams - fell incomplete and the Bulls escaped El Paso with a victory.
In a twist of fate, UTEP's defense - much maligned over the last three seasons - kept the Miners in the game on a night when the offense struggled. The Bulls were held to only 309 yards on 61 plays.
But the Miners weren't sharp offensively - particularly in the first half - and were whistled for 12 penalties totaling 101 yards. Dropped balls, bad exchanges and a botched catch on a kickoff were among the culprits that did in the Miners.
Trevor Vittatoe completed 27 of 45 passes for 233 yards for the Miners, but did not throw a touchdown pass for just the third time in his college career. Adams fell two yards shy of 100 receiving, and Donald Buckram gained a career–high 108 yards on 14 rushes.
Kansas.
Jake Sharp ran for 104 yards and three touchdowns while No. 24 Kansas got two big punt returns from Daymond Patterson to beat Texas-El Paso 34-7 on Saturday night.
Todd Reesing completed 25 of 41 attempts for 260 yards with one interception. He threw a 5-yard TD to Sharp and worked again with Dezmon Briscoe, who returned from a one-game suspension for violating team rules and had eight catches for 154 yards.
The Jayhawks (2-0) finished with 576 total yards and their defense racking up five sacks while holding UTEP (0-2) to negative rushing yards until the closing minutes.
The Miners, who finished with 4 yards rushing, avoided the shutout when Trevor Vittatoe found Donavon Kemp for a 75-yard catch-and-run with 12:39 remaining.
Other than a Mariachi band performance at halftime, UTEP fans didn't spend much time cheering anything.
One week after committing 12 penalties for 101 yards in an opening loss to Buffalo, UTEP was flagged 13 times for 137 yards. Vittatoe was 14-of-25 for 187 yards with one interception.
The Jayhawks weren't perfect. Reesing got off to a slow start, kicker Jacob Branstetter was 2 for 4 on field goal attempts and Kansas struggled early to convert third downs, going 3 of 9 in the first half before rebounding to finish 9 of 18.
It didn't matter.
Patterson set up a field goal with a 19-yard punt return in the second period and took another punt back 49 yards in the third just before Sharp's final TD. Sharp ran through big holes all night, and his 3-yard burst put Kansas up 27-0 midway through the third period.
The Jayhawks got rolling with a big second quarter, scoring 17 points to lead 20-0 at the break.
Sharp, who rushed for 123 yards in last week's win over Northern Colorado, scored on a 1-yard plunge, then Branstetter made a 24-yard field goal for a 13-0 lead. Reesing placed a perfect pass over Sharp's shoulder for a 5-yard TD play. That gave Reesing at least one TD pass in 20 straight games.
Kansas missed a chance to build the lead when Branstetter missed a 38-yard field goal attempt as the half closed.
New Mexico State.
Donald Buckram ran for a career-high 113 yards as UTEP scored all five of its touchdowns on the ground in a 38-12 dismantling of NM State on Saturday night in Las Cruces.
A rain and lightning delay of nearly three hours couldn't stop the Miners from posting their 50th win in the long-running I-10 series. UTEP (1-2) secured its first victory over the Aggies (1-2) since 2006 while posting its first win of the 2009 season.
"It was an unusual start to the game," UTEP coach Mike Price said. "I thought we were more fired up and ready to play the second time than the first time (referring to the lightning delay). I was glad to see us be able to run the ball a little bit. I was a little apprehensive about playing the mud. I thought it could be an equalizer."
Buckram and Vernon Frazier both scored two rushing touchdowns for the Miners, who forced a turnover on NM State's opening possession, converted it into a TD, then withstood the long delay to score the game's next 24 points.
UTEP forced three turnovers in the game, and held the Aggies to 284 yards of total offense.
Texas.
Colt McCoy and No. 2 Texas got the fast start they had been missing in recent weeks, rolling to a 40-point lead by halftime before cruising to a 64-7 win Saturday over Texas-El Paso.
McCoy passed for 286 yards and three touchdowns, two to Dan Buckner. The Longhorns (4-0) also pressured UTEP quarterback Trevor Vittatoe into five turnovers.
Freshman D.J. Monroe's first-quarter 91-yard kickoff return made him the first player in Texas history to return two kickoffs for touchdowns in a career. He also had one in Texas' opener.
This one came seconds after UTEP's Melvin Stephenson II returned an interception 49 yards for a touchdown.
McCoy was sharp after the interception with TD passes of 36 and 15 yards to Buckner and 16 yards to Jordan Shipley, as Texas built a 47-7 halftime lead. McCoy left the game after Texas' first possession of the third quarter.
Vittatoe was 7 of 21 for 38 yards with four interceptions and a fumble for UTEP (1-3).
Texas held UTEP to seven first downs and 53 total yards.
The defense did its part, pounding UTEP Quarterback Trevor Vittatoe with pass rush that forced him into several bad throws.
Sergio Kindle sacked Vittatoe on the fifth play of the game, causing a fumble that set up the Longhorns' first touchdown on a 3-yard run by Tre' Newton.
McCoy and Buckner have connected for touchdowns in three straight games and their first against UTEP made it 23-7. His scoring pass to Shipley made it 33-7 before tailback Vondrell McGee, who had lost his starting position to Newton, took a pitch from McCoy and scrambled 23 yards for a score.
McCoy drove Texas to a 21-yard field goal by Hunter Lawrence that made it 50-7 before he was relieved by freshman Garrett Gilbert on Texas' second possession of the third quarter.
Houston.
Donald Buckram and Texas-El Paso knocked off the 12th-ranked Cougars in a 58-41 shootout Saturday night.
Keenum completed 51 of 76 passes for 536 yards and five touchdowns.
Donald Buckram ran for 262 yards and four scores, helping the Miners upset the previously unbeaten Cougars. 
The Miners had scored 62 points combined in their previous four games but managed 58 on Saturday. 
UTEP was ranked 109th in scoring offense and averaged just under 243 yards per game before racking up 58 points and 581 yards of offense (305 rush, 276 pass) against Houston. 
Case Keenum led the way for Houston, throwing for 536 yards and five touchdowns. He also finished with 76 pass attempts, seven shy of the FBS record set by Drew Brees. 
With the game tied at halftime, the Miners outscored Houston 20-3 in the third quarter and then hung on while Keenum tried to deliver another comeback as he did the week before to knock off the Red Raiders.
Even though Keenum threw three touchdown passes in the fourth quarter, the Miners got three of their own: two on 8- and 27-yard runs by Buckram, and another on Roddray Walker's 70-yard fumble return with 3:25 to play.
Houston outgained UTEP 664-581, but lost two fumbles and twice settled for field goals.
The Cougars got out to a quick 10-0 lead, but after the Miners kicked a field goal, they stopped Houston's potent offense on fourth down at the UTEP 8.
The Miners tied it when they recovered a fumble near midfield and scored on a 4-yard pass from Trevor Vittatoe to Tufick Shadrawy.
Vittatoe was 19 of 30 for 276 yards and two touchdowns. He threw his other scoring pass in the third quarter, a 74-yarder to Jeff Moturi.
Moturi finished with six catches for 127 yards.
Houston's James Cleveland had 14 catches for 147 yards and two touchdowns in a game that featured more than 1,200 yards of total offense and 99 total points.
Memphis.
Curtis Steele rushed for 240 yards as Memphis spoiled UTEP’s bid for a fourth straight 2-0 start in Conference USA play with a 35-20 win over the Miners on Saturday in the Liberty Bowl.
The Tigers (2-4, 1-2 C-USA) broke out of a season-long offensive funk with their tailback healthy for the first time in 2009. Memphis had scored 16 points or less in four of its first five games, the exception a 41-14 rout of UT-Martin.
UTEP left at least three touchdowns on the field due to dropped balls and penalties.
The Miners (2-4, 1-1 C-USA) took a 3-0 lead on a 38-yard field goal by Logan Barrett three minutes into the game. But Memphis put together two touchdown drives before the first quarter was over and UTEP was playing catch-up the rest of the way.
Despite their struggles in the first half, the Miners trailed only 21-13 at the break. And they were still within a touchdown after Trevor Vittatoe hooked up with Kris Adams for a 21-yard score with 9:06 to play. But Memphis answered with a six-play, 53-yard drive over two minutes and 47 seconds, capped by a nine-yard scoring run by Steele.
Vittatoe finished with 319 passing yards after completing 21-of-40 tries.
Tulsa.
Donald Buckram ran for 165 yards and two touchdowns, including the go-ahead score with 29 seconds left in the game, to help UTEP beat Conference USA rival Tulsa 28-24 on Wednesday night.
Buckram's two touchdowns were the final scores of the game, one coming with 6:25 left to play and the other a 3-yard run with less than 30 seconds left. Junior quarterback Trevor Vittatoe threw for 271 yards, including one TD—an 80-yard pass to Donovan Kemp in the first quarter.
But the Miners managed to hold Tulsa quarterback G.J. Kinne to just 192 yards passing and sacked him five times. Kinne scored one TD on a one-yard run early in the fourth quarter. Charles Clay and A.J. Whitmore also each scored touchdowns for the Golden Hurricane (4-3, 2-1 C-USA).
UTEP (3-4, 2-1) came out strong, leading 13-0 after the first quarter, thanks to Vittatoe's touchdown and field goals from Logan Barrett. But the Miners didn't score again until Buckram's TDs in the fourth quarter, watching as Tulsa scored 24 straight points.
Whitmore had a 19-yard TD run early in the second quarter, leaving the Miners with a 13-7 lead at halftime. The Golden Hurricane also had one-yard TD runs from Clay and Kinne and a 24-yard field goal from Kevin Fitzpatrick, and took a 24-13 lead with 12:37 remaining.
Buckram then scored on a 3-yard run, and UTEP scored a two-point conversion to make it 24-21.
Tulsa was coming off a close loss at home to No. 5 Boise State and piled up 791 yards of offense in last year's meeting with the Miners.
UAB.
Senior quarterback Joe Webb threw for two touchdowns, ran one and caught a pass for another as Alabama at Birmingham snapped a two-game losing streak and defeated Texas at El Paso 38-33 on Saturday.
UAB moved to 3-5 overall and 3-2 in Conference USA play, while UTEP slipped to 3-5 and 2-2.
Webb scored the first of his TDs with a 53-yard run in the second quarter. A few minutes later he connected with Roddell Carter for a 34-yard scoring pass.
Next, Webb was on the receiving end of a 14-yard TD pass by David Isabelle, also in the second quarter.
Finally, Webb found Mario Wright four a 6-yard touchdown pass in the fourth quarter.
Overall, he finished 313 total yards—172 on 20 rushes, 127 on eight pass completions, and 14 on one reception.
UTEP's Donald Buckram came up with a few ways to score too. He had touchdown runs of 26 and 2 yards, and he caught a 30-yard touchdown pass from Trevor Vittatoe.
Tulane.
Tulane's Andre Anderson scored the tying touchdown with one second left in regulation, then rushed for the winning score in overtime as Tulane defeated Texas-El Paso 45-38 on Saturday.
Anderson scored on an 11-yard pass from Ryan Griffin to conclude a nine-play, 86-yard drive and force the extra period, then scored on a 7-yard touchdown run on the first possession of overtime. He finished with 105 yards on 29 carries.
The Miners reached the Green Wave 2-yard line on the ensuing possession, but on fourth down from the 5, Alex Wacha sacked Trevor Vittatoe for a 21-yard loss that ended the game.
Tulane (3-6, 1-4 Conference USA) snapped a four-game losing streak with three road games remaining.
Donald Buckram led the Miners (3-6, 2-3) with four touchdowns. He rushed 34 times for 234 yards and three scores and caught three passes for 109 yards, including a 72-yard touchdown.
SMU.
Kyle Padron completed 17 of 24 passes for 244 yards and two touchdowns and added a pair of TD runs to lead the SMU Mustangs to a 35-31 win over the UTEP Miners on Saturday.
SMU (6-4, 5-1 Conference USA) gained sole possession of first place in the conference's West Division after Houston lost 37-32 to Central Florida earlier in the day. The Miners (3-7, 2-4) have lost three straight.
UTEP took a 31-28 lead after running back Donald Buckram scored on a 30-yard screen pass from Trevor Vittatoe with 8:57 left in the game.
But Padron threw a 37-yard touchdown pass to Emmanuel Sanders with 4:34 left in the game to give SMU the lead. UTEP drove to the Mustangs' 14-yard line but Vittatoe was sacked by SMU's Taylor Thompson on fourth-and-6 with 26 seconds left.
Vittatoe finished 23-of-40 for 396 yards, one interception and two touchdowns. Buckram also rushed for 241 yards and one score.
Rice.
The Miners came out flying, bolting to leads of 13-20 and 20-10, but the Owls scored 10 points off two turnovers to join the battle.
Donald Buckram had three touchdowns, 132 rushing yards and 44 receiving yards heading into the fourth quarter.
The Miner defense opened with three consecutive three-and-outs, while the offense went 66 and 48 yards for scores and a quick 13-0 lead.
Rice got back in the game, going 72 yards for a score to cut its deficit to 13-7, then recovering a fumble at the Miner 19 on the ensuing kickoff. The Owls earned a first down on the 5, but the defense stood and forced a field goal. 
UTEP came out flying against Rice Saturday, bolting to a 20-10 halftime lead. Donald Buckram had three touchdowns, 115 rushing yards and 30 receiving yards.
The Miner defense opened with three consecutive three-and-outs, while the offense went 66 and 48 yards for scores and a quick 13-0 lead.
Rice briefly got back in the game, going 72 yards for a score to cut its deficit to 13-7, then recovering a fumble at the Miner 19 on the ensuing kickoff. The Owls earned a first down on the 5, but the defense stood and forced a field goal.
Trevor Vittatoe and Buckram then took UTEP 60 yards in 10 plays to reestablish control. Vittatoe was 9-12 passing in the first half with two drops. 
UTEP came out flying against Rice Saturday, bolting to a 13-0 lead. Donald Buckram had two touchdowns, 68 rushing yards and 30 receiving yards.
The Miner defense opened with three consecutive three-and-outs, while the offense went 66 and 48 yards for scores.
Trevor Vittatoe completed all seven passes he attempted
Marshall.
Trevor Vittatoe passed for 517 yards and five touchdowns as UTEP routed Marshall 52-21 on Saturday.
Jeff Moturi led receivers with 179 yards, including an 80-yard scoring pass from Vittatoe, who also connected for TDs with Tufick Shadrawy, Kris Adams, Jonny Moore and Donavon Kemp.
James Thomas and Donald Buckram also scored for UTEP on runs of 4 and 12 yards.
Brian Anderson threw for 347 yards and three touchdowns for the Thundering Herd. Anderson found Aaron Dobson, Chuck Walker and Antavio Wilson for scores.
After leading 20-14 at the break, the Miners exploded in the second half, adding four touchdowns and a field goal while holding the Thundering Herd to just one TD.
With the victory, the Miners finished the season 4-8 while the Thundering Herd fell to 6-6
The Miners finished the season ranked #102 according to the CBS Sportsline College Football Rankings Website as of December 7, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21433572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433572" title="Julian Radlein">
Julian Radlein

Julian Radlein (born February 6, 1981 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a former Canadian Football League fullback who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He also attended LHPS and Bluvale Colligate Institute in Waterloo, Ontario.
In 2003, Radlein won the Frank M. Gibson trophy for being the outstanding rookie in the CFL East Division. Radlein was a CFLPA All-Star in the following season. He retired prior to the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21433575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433575" title="Siobhan Flynn">
Siobhan Flynn

Siobhan Flynn is a Welsh actress and voice-over artist born August 15, 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="21433582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433582" title="Middlethorpe Hall">
Middlethorpe Hall

Middlethorpe Hall is a 17th-century country house standing in 20 acres of grounds in Middlethorpe, York, North Yorkshire, England. It is currently used as an hotel.
It is a perfectly symmetrical red brick and stone house built in 1699 and since 2008 has been owned by The National Trust.
Description.
The house is quite close to the road which is unusual for its architectural standard. Like many grand houses of the time, it is influenced indirectly by Sir Christopher Wren, especially Hampton Court Palace with a similar horizontal skyline and pattern of red brick, white sash windows and stone quoins and window surrounds. The north entrance front of seven bays and three storeys plus a basement is surrounded by a stone eagle, the Barlow family crest. The pedimented porch over the front door is an early 19th-century addition and the curved railings and gates enclosing the forecourt added in 1983.
The south front, the main facade of the house, is surmounted by a raised stone parapet of three panels containing carved festoons and crowned by another stone eagle. It is more impressive than the north front because of the flaking wings added in the mid 18th century by Francis Barlow. The bays of these single storey additions are divided by pilasters with well carved composite capitals and are surmounted by a balustraded parapet.
The front door leads straight into the stone-flagged entrance hall, as in a medieval house. Beyond to the south is a carved oak staircase with fluted and foliated balusters, a York motif, standing on steps with scrolled panelled ends. The staircase is supported by a Corinthian column and may have been moved at some point. The floor is paved with black and white marble squares. There is a panelled drawing room leading to an enormous ballroom occupying the western of the two wings added c.1750. The dining room dates from the original period and has round head panels flanked by Ionic pilasters.
History.
The house was built in c.1699–1701 for Thomas Barlow, a prosperous master cutler who bought the Middlethorpe estate in 1698 as a bid to establish himself as a country gentleman. In 1712 Thomas Barlow and his son Francis went on the grand tour and let the house to Lady Mary Wortley Montagu in their absence. Francis later served as High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1734–36.
The house descended in the Barlow family to Frances Barlow, who married a Mr Wilkinson and moved away. For most of the 19th and early 20th century the house remained in the Wilkinson family but was let to various tenants. From 1851 it was occupied by a girls boarding school for 30 years. In 1972 it became "Brummels" night club.
In 1980 it was acquired by Historic House Hotels, who improved and restored the grounds and outbuildings with hundreds of trees planted and the addition of a ha-ha and lake. A dilapidated late 17th century dovecote was restored; the kitchen garden replanted; stable buildings converted and extended for additional hotel accommodation.
The Hall and grounds were then gifted to the National Trust by the directors of Historic House Hotels (HHH). The hall continues its present use as an hotel under the existing HHH management. Three National Trust directors joined the HHH board and all profits will go to Trust funds – to provide for the long-term care of the house. The gift had been under discussion for almost 30 years and in 1997 the National Trust accepted restrictive covenants over the property.
Trustees of the National Trust completed the transfer deal in September 2008 by declaring the Hall together with two other properties inalienable. 
It is envisaged that arrangements will be put in place for the gardens and grounds of the hall to be open to visitors, along with tours of the ground floor rooms. Members of the Trust are of course welcome as hotel guests as are members of the public.

</doc>
<doc id="21433607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433607" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clear Creek County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clear Creek County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Clear Creek County, Colorado.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Clear Creek County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 26 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21433635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433635" title="Opinion polling for the Israeli legislative election, 2009">
Opinion polling for the Israeli legislative election, 2009

This article provides a collection of opinion polls that were conducted relating to the Israeli legislative election, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21433640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433640" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Douglas County, Colorado. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Douglas County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 27 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21433648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433648" title="River Trade Terminal">
River Trade Terminal

River Trade Terminal Company Limited (RTT) is the only container terminal in Hong Kong for river cargo. It mainly handles and consolidates container and bulk cargo from upstream prior to dispatch to Kwai Tsing Container Terminals and vice versa.
The company was established in 1996 and the terminal was completed in 1999. The terminal occupies a site in Tuen Mun with 49 berths along of quay front. Its shareholders include Hutchison Whampoa and Sun Hung Kai Properties.

</doc>
<doc id="21433655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433655" title="Mimico Centennial Library">
Mimico Centennial Library

Mimico Centennial Library is a public library in Toronto, Canada. It is a branch of the Toronto Public Library system and is located in the neighbourhood of Mimico.
History.
It began as Mimico Carnegie Library after the Village of Mimico held a plebiscite in 1913 to request funds for a Carnegie Library, several already having been built in Toronto. Mimico's population was below the threshold set for Carnegie grants but was nevertheless approved and in 1915 the Mimico Carnegie Library opened on Pigeon St (later combined with Stanley Ave.). In 1917 Mimico became a Town and the town council used the library for its meetings until it purchased the old Mimico Wesleyan Methodist Church on Church St (Royal York Rd) which was vacated by the Methodist Church after the construction of the new United Church. 
Mimico's Imperial Order of the Daughters of the Empire placed two plaques in the Library after the First World War to commemorate the town's servicemen; one plaque for all who had fought, the other for Mimico's dead. In 1966, to celebrate Canada's centenary, the Carnegie Library became the only one of Canada's 42 Carnegie Libraries to be demolished (along with several homes on Stanley Ave. and Station Rd.) and a new 'Centennial Library' was built. The plaques commemorating Mimico's servicemen from the First World War were placed in a new 'Vimy Park' at Queens Ave and Lake Shore Blvd. In 1967 the Town of Mimico was annexed with the other Lake Shore municipalities, back into Etobicoke which became a Borough.

</doc>
<doc id="21433680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433680" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Montezuma County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Montezuma County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Montezuma County, Colorado. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Montezuma County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 34 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="21433710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433710" title="Armin Lemme">
Armin Lemme

Armin Lemme (born October 28, 1955 in Packebusch, Saxony-Anhalt) is a former track and field athlete from East Germany who competed in the men's discus throw event at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He set his personal best (68.50 metres) in 1982.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21433724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433724" title="Rafael Puente Jr.">
Rafael Puente Jr.

Rafael Puente Del Río or Rafael Puente Jr. (born January 31, 1979, Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican retired actor and football striker. He was appointed the chief operating officer for Guadalajara in May 2014.
Career.
Born to soccer columnist and former Mexican national team goalkeeper Rafael Puente, Puente Jr. began playing football as a striker with Mexican Primera División side Atlante F.C., making his professional debut in 2003. He transferred to Club Necaxa in 2004.
Then on May 22, 2006, he debuted as an actor in telenovelas in "Codigo Postal" as Hector Garza. He is now a sports commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="21433728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433728" title="Air gun laws">
Air gun laws

This is a list of laws concerning air guns by country.
While in some countries air guns are not subject to any specific regulation, in most there are laws, which differ widely. Each jurisdiction has its own definition of an air gun; and regulations may vary for weapons of different bore, muzzle energy or velocity, or material of ammunition, with guns designed to fire metal pellets often more tightly controlled than airsoft weapons. There may be minimum ages for possession, and sales of both air guns and ammunition may be restricted. Some areas require permits and background checks similar to those required for firearms proper.
Brazil.
The Brazilian legislation that regulates the manufacture, import, export, trade, traffic and use of airguns divide them into two groups:
Airguns in the first group may be purchased by anyone over 18. Airguns in the second group can only be purchased by people registered in the army, transportation depends on authorization, and usage is allowed only in places approved by the army. Airguns of any kind may not be carried openly. There is no muzzle energy limit for any type or caliber.
Canada.
Air guns with both a muzzle velocity greater than 152.4 meters per second (500 feet per second) and a muzzle energy greater than 5.7 joules (4.2 foot-pounds) are firearms for purposes of both the Firearms Act and the Criminal Code. Usually the manufacturer’s specifications are used to determine the design muzzle velocity and energy. Air rifles that meet these velocity and energy criteria are classified as non-restricted firearms, while air pistols are classified as restricted if their barrel is longer than 105 mm or prohibited if their barrel length is 105 mm or less. The lawful possession of these airguns requires that the owner have a valid firearms licence and that the airgun be registered as a firearm.
Air guns that meet the Criminal Code definition of a firearm, but that are deemed not to be firearms for certain purposes of the Firearms Act and Criminal Code are those that have a muzzle velocity of less than 152.4 meters per second (500 feet per second) and a maximum muzzle energy of 5.7 joules (4.2 foot pounds). Such air guns are exempt from licensing, registration, and other requirements under the Firearms Act, and from penalties set out in the Criminal Code for possessing a firearm without a valid licence or registration certificate. However, they are considered to be firearms under the Criminal Code if they are used to commit a crime. The simple possession, acquisition and use of these air guns for lawful purposes is regulated by provincial and municipal laws and by-laws. For example, some provinces may have set a minimum age for acquiring such an air gun. These air guns are exempt from the specific safe storage, transportation and handling requirements set out in the regulations supporting the Firearms Act. However, the Criminal Code requires that reasonable precautions be taken to use, carry, handle, store, transport, and ship them in a safe and secure manner.
Carrying one of these firearms is permitted for those aged 14 or older.
Suppressors for all firearms, including airguns, are prohibited in Canada.
Czech Republic.
In the Czech Republic anyone over age of 18 can acquire air gun with a muzzle energy not exceeding . Children over age of 10 have to be supervised by adult when shooting. The only restriction on shooting place is requirement of public safety. Since firearms can be used only at the officially licensed shooting ranges air guns became popular to practice target shooting at or near the home.
Air guns with a muzzle energy over require the same licence as firearms and police registration. Such air guns can be used only at the shooting ranges.
Germany.
In Germany, air guns producing a muzzle energy up to 7.5 joule (J) (5.53 ft·lbf) can be owned by persons from the age of 18 years and freely acquired provided they bear the "F-in-pentagon" mark" that indicates a muzzle energy not exceeding kinetic energy. Carrying air guns in public necessitates a carry permit (§ 10 Abs. 4 WaffG), extremely rare as such and never granted for air guns. Only the transportation of unloaded and non-accessible air guns (or carrying unloaded during biathlon) is considered a "permissible carry" (§ 12 Abs. 3 Nr. 2, Nr. 3 WaffG).
Shooting is permitted on licensed ranges (§ 27 Abs. 1, § 12 Abs. 4 2 Nr. 1 WaffG), and on enclosed private property if it is assured that the projectiles can not possibly leave the shooting area (§ 12 Abs. 4 Nr. 1a WaffG). The minimum age for air gun shooting in Germany is 12 years under supervision (§ 27 Abs. 3 S. 1 Nr. 1 WaffG), but exceptions may be granted to younger children upon request, supported by suitable references from a doctor and by a licensed shooting federation (§ 27 Abs. 4 WaffG).
Air weapons exceeding 7.5 J muzzle energy, e.g. field target guns, are treated like firearms and therefore require a relevant permit for acquisition and possession. Proof of need, a clean criminal record and the passing of a knowledge and handling test are required (§ 4 Abs. 1 WaffG) to gain the permit.
A purchase authorization is not required for air guns that were manufactured and introduced onto the market before 1 January 1970 in Germany or before 2 April 1991 on the territory of the former East Germany (WaffG, Appendix 2, Section 1, Subsection 2, 1.2); they can, regardless of their muzzle energy or the absence of an "F-in-pentagon" mark, be freely acquired and possessed.
The storage requirements for firearms do not apply to air guns (cf. § 36 Abs. 1 S. 1 WaffG); they must only be stored unaccessible to minors.
Isle of Man.
In the Isle of Man, Air guns are treated in the same manner as conventional firearms and require a relevant firearms certificate.
Italy.
In Italy, any mechanism that produces a muzzle energy higher than 1 joule (0.74 ft·lbf) and lower than 7.5 joules (5.53 ft·lbf) is considered a "low-power air gun"; the sale of such instruments is open to anyone over 18 years of age without license or registration, but it can take place only in authorized gun shops where the owner must require the purchaser to provide his ID Card as a proof of age. 
Any device developing a muzzle energy equal to, or higher than, 7.5 joules is considered a "high-power air gun", requiring Police licensing and registration for purchase and detention just like any firearm. Bows, crossbows and similar are exempt from this rule. The muzzle energy of such devices is certified by a governance office called "Banco di Prova". Air guns developing less than 1 joule of muzzle energy are categorized as airsoft, which are considered by law as toys, with no restriction whatsoever to their trade, except that they can never be modified to achieve a higher muzzle energy and must be only able to shoot 6 mm plastic pellets.
It is illegal to hunt with air guns.
Netherlands.
In the Netherlands, air guns can be owned by persons from the age of 18 years and can freely be acquired. Until 1997 there were limitations on muzzle velocity and kinetic energy, similar to the German law, but these restrictions were lifted for practical reasons. Carrying air guns in public and the possession of air guns (and toy guns) that resemble firearms is prohibited. The expression "to resemble" is nowadays given a very broad interpretation so that just about any airgun can be considered as resembling a firearm. Whether an airgun is considered to resemble a firearm too closely is decided by the police or, when it comes to that, by the court. It is impossible to predict the outcome of such courtcases. 
Air guns may be kept in private homes but must be inaccessible for persons under 18. 
Commercial sales of airguns may only take place in licensed gunshops. It is illegal to own an airgun that was "produced or modified so that it can more easily be carried concealed". Generally this is considered the case when the barrel has been shortened or the weapon has a folding or telescoping stock.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand any member of the public over the age of 18 may own and fire most air rifles without a firearms license, provided they use the air rifle in a safe environment with a responsible attitude. 
Minors 16 and over, but under the age of 18, require a Firearms License to possess an air rifle – however they may use an air rifle under adult supervision without this license.
Airguns can not be fully automatic, and there is provision under the NZ Arms Laws to specify "specially dangerous airguns". Only pre-charged pneumatic rifles have now been specified in this category, but for these a firearms license is now a requirement for possession and use. The change was made as a consequence of two fatal shootings by .22 calibre semi automatic air rifles.
Poland.
In Poland it is possible to freely acquire air guns with a muzzle energy not exceeding . Air guns with muzzle energy over 17 J are considered FAC and must be registered at a local police station no later than 5 days after purchase (gun license is not needed). FAC air guns can only be used at the officially licensed shooting ranges. Hunting/shooting animals with air guns is illegal and prosecuted.
Singapore.
In Singapore, airguns are classified as 'arms', in the same category as firearms utilising gunpowder as propellant among other weapons. It is necessary to obtain a license from the Singapore Police Force before one can import, export or own an airgun.
South Africa.
All air guns are very loosely regulated. The only laws concerning them are that they still count as guns if used in crime and can't be fired in public areas. Airguns may be carried on one's person concealed or openly. It is an offence to shoot Birds or game with an airgun without specific documentation.
United Kingdom.
Air pistols generating more than 6 ft·lbf (8.1 J) and air rifles generating more than 12 ft·lbf (16.2 J) of energy are considered firearms and as such require possession of a Firearms Certificate (FAC). Contrary to popular belief, hand guns are not banned in the UK, several variations of popular pistols are available in .22 rimfire, and one can own any other pistol on a section 5 firearm certificate, getting a section 5 though is more difficult, generally they are only available to game keepers, and wildlife management personnel. Any current section 1 pistol must have a barrel length exceeding 30cm and an overall length of 24 inches, so either have a stock, or a bar extending from the grip. Pistols and rifles below these energy levels do not require licensing, and may be purchased by anyone over the age of 18. In Northern Ireland any air rifle or air pistol generating more than 0.737 ft·lbf (1 J) is considered a firearm and as such requires a FAC. The Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 prohibits online or mail-order sale of new air guns; transactions must be finalised face-to-face, either at the shop where purchased, or through a Registered Firearms Dealer (to which an item may be posted and the transfer completed). 
From 10 February 2011, The Crime & Security Act 2010 (S.46) made it an offence ""...for a person in possession of an air weapon to fail to take reasonable precautions to prevent any person under the age of eighteen from having the weapon with him..."". This legislation essentially relates to the storage of air guns and the requirement of owners to prevent unauthorised access by children. Failure to do so renders owners liable for a fine of up to £1,000.
Any person on private property (land or water) without permission is trespassing; possession of an air gun when doing so, with or without ammunition, loaded or unloaded is armed trespass, and is considered a serious criminal offence subject to heavy penalties.
Scotland.
On 14 December 2000 a consultation was launched on how a new licensing regime for air guns may work. Critics claim this is unnecessary as offences involving air guns have decreased by 71% in the last 5 years. 
The Scottish Government has received 1136 responses to its consultation on air weapons licensing in Scotland, with 87% of respondents being opposed to the proposals.
Firearms UK is presenting an online petition to the Scottish Parliament’s Public Petitions Committee on the 3rd of September 2013. As of 14 August 2013, over 16,500 have signed the petition.
On 8th May the Regulatory Review Group in Scotland met to discuss the concerns of the British Association for Shooting and Conservation (BASC) about the disproportionate nature of proposals to license all low powered airguns. The minutes of the meeting have been published and they found that the consultation took place without a Business and Regulatory Impact Assessment (BRIA) and they could not see a reason as to why no BRIA was carried out. The group secretariat is to contact policy officials on the importance of a BRIA and the need to complete one unless the Cabinet Secretary for Justice (Kenny MacAskill MSP) decides otherwise.
BASC have written to policy officials in charge of the consultation at Police Division and to Kenny MacAskill MSP asking what they plan to do to remedy this deficiency.
United States.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives states that:
Although the federal government does not normally regulate air guns, some state and local governments do; the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence has complied a list of states and selected municipalities that regulate air guns, finding that 23 states and the District of Columbia regulate air guns to some degree. Two states (New Jersey and Rhode Island) define all non-powder guns as firearms; two states (Illinois and Michigan) define certain high-power and/or large caliber non-powder guns as firearms; three states (Connecticut, Delaware and North Dakota) define non-powder guns as dangerous weapons (but not firearms). The remaining states which regulate air guns impose age restrictions on possession, use, or transfer of non-powder guns, and/or explicitly regulate possession of non-powder guns on school grounds.
New York City has a restrictive municipal ordinance regulating air guns. Air guns were previously banned in San Francisco, but a state preemption statute struck down the ban, and the San Francisco District Attorney declared them legal as long as in compliance with state law.
New York state law prohibits anyone under the age of 16 from possessing an air gun. 

</doc>
<doc id="21433729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433729" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Mesa County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mesa County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Mesa County, Colorado. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Mesa County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 33 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Former listings.
! | 1
! | 2

</doc>
<doc id="21433732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433732" title="Terranova (TV)">
Terranova (TV)

Terranova was a German television channel based on nature and ecology.
History of the channel.
Terranova was launched in September 2004 by AB Groupe to replace the German music channel Onyx.tv. The channel was finally stopped on 10 July 2007 .
Organisation.
Managers.
Director general : 
Budget.
Terranova was owned by ONYX Television GmbH, funded 100% by AB Groupe.
Programmes.
The channel showed a number of documentaries around animals and nature and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="21433741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433741" title="Lajos Batthyány (governor)">
Lajos Batthyány (governor)

Count Lajos Batthyány de Németújvár (Egyed, July 27, 1860 - Polgárdi, December 27, 1951) was the main county head of Győr (Latin: comes ("supremus"), Hungarian: főispán), Governor (kormányzó) of Fiume, and Győr parliamentary representative.
He was the eldest son of count Géza Batthyány de Németújvár (1838-1900) and countess Emma Batthyány (1837-1902). Her father war the first prime-minister of hungary Lajos Batthyány von Németújvár (1807-1849). Batthyány attended law studies at Budapest, Berlin and Paris, pursuing a diplomatic career, but later abandoned this plan. He married Gyula Andrássy's only daughter, Ilona Andrássy in 1882. When Károly Khuen-Héderváry, after serving as Győr county and city supreme count ("főispán"), was appointed "Banus" in Croatia on , the King appointed Batthyány supreme count of Győr. Batthyány proved to be very successful in managing Győr by fostering industrial development. The bourgeoisie, therefore, highly respected him and he enjoyed popular support.
For this reason the Hungarian government in 1892 appointed him Governor of Fiume. After the resignation of the mayor of Fiume Giovanni de Ciotta, Batthyány resigned in turn in autumn 1896. In the same year Batthyány became a parliamentary representative of the city of Győr. In recognition of his qualities and achievements he become imperial and royal chamberlain, and royal intimate counselor.

</doc>
<doc id="21433743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433743" title="Walter Warner">
Walter Warner

Walter Warner (1563–1643) was an English mathematician and scientist.
Life.
He was born in Leicestershire and educated at Merton College, Oxford, graduating B.A. in 1578.
At the end of the sixteenth century he belonged to the circle round Henry Percy, 9th Earl of Northumberland, the 'Wizard Earl'. The Earl's ‘three magi’ were Warner, Thomas Harriot and Robert Hues. Percy paid Warner a retainer to help him with alchemical experiments (£20 per annum in 1595, rising to £40 in 1607). He also belonged to the overlapping group around Sir Walter Ralegh. At this time he was mainly known for chemical and medical interests. It has been argued by Jean Jacquot that this group of experimental researchers, sponsored by Percy and Ralegh, represents the transitional moment from the still-magical theories of Giordano Bruno to real science.
He may have been associated with Christopher Marlowe's study group on religion, branded atheists, but confusion is possible here with William Warner.
After Henry Percy's death, he was supported by Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland, and then Sir Thomas Aylesbury. Warner edited Harriot's "Artis Analyticae Praxis" in 1631. He met Thomas Hobbes through Sir Charles Cavendish, who circulated Warner's works. 
Warner was a friend of Robert Payne, chaplain to Cavendish; and this connection is frequently used to associate Warner with the Welbeck Academy. In 1634 Warner and Hobbes discussed refraction. This acquaintance was later brought up against Hobbes in the Hobbes-Wallis controversy.
With John Pell he computed the first table of antilogarithms in the 1630s. John Aubrey, relying on Pell's testimony, states that Warner had claimed to have anticipated William Harvey's discovery of the circulation of the blood, and that Harvey must have heard of it through a Mr Prothero. Pell also mentioned that Warner had been born without a left hand.
Scientific work and legacy.
Warner was unpublished in his lifetime, but well known, in particular to Marin Mersenne who published some of his optical work in "Universae geometriae" (1646). He was an atomist, and a believer in an infinite universe. He was both a theoretical and practical chemist, and wrote psychological works based on Bruno and Lullism. Many manuscripts of his survive, and show eclectic interests; they include works related to the circulation of the blood. Some of Warner's papers ended up in the Pell manuscripts collected by Richard Busby; after his death the bulk of his papers were seized in 1644 by superstitious sequestrators. George John Gray, writing in the "Dictionary of National Biography", states that the table of 11-figure antilogarithms later published by James Dodson was believed to have passed to Herbert Thorndike, and then to Busby; Pell's account in 1644 was that Warner had been bankrupt, and the creditors were likely to destroy the work.

</doc>
<doc id="21433744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433744" title="Kamy Keshmiri">
Kamy Keshmiri

Kamy Keshmiri (born January 23, 1969) is a retired male discus thrower from the United States. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's discus throw event at the 1989 Summer Universiade in Duisburg, West Germany. Keshmiri set his personal best (51.28 metres) at the 1988 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Sudbury, Ontario on July 27, 1988. He also won three NCAA discus titles at the University of Nevada at Reno.
His father, Jalal, was born in Iran and represented Iran in four Olympics.
Achievements.
In 1992, the International Amateur Athletic Federation banned Keshmiri after a positive test for methanolone.

</doc>
<doc id="21433753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433753" title="1993 Masters (snooker)">
1993 Masters (snooker)

The 1992 Benson & Hedges Masters was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place at the Wembley Conference Centre in London, England.
Stephen Hendry retained the title by beating James Wattana 9–5 in the final. After the final the Benson & Hedges Masters trophy was given to Hendry to keep for winning the event five times in a row.
Wild card round.
In the preliminary round, the wildcard players plays the 15th and 16th seeds:
Qualifying.
Chris Small won the qualifying tournament, known as the 1992 Benson & Hedges Championship at the time. The event carried ranking points, but only ten percent of the usual tariff.

</doc>
<doc id="21433768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433768" title="Dowty Group">
Dowty Group

Dowty Group was a leading British manufacturer of aircraft equipment. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but was acquired by TI Group in 1992.
History.
The Company was founded by George Dowty in 1935 making aircraft equipment in Cheltenham under the name "Dowty Aviation". In its early years the Company invented the first internally sprung aircraft wheel and went on to make landing gear for Frank Whittle's jet-propelled Gloster aeroplane. In 1960 the Company acquired Rotol Airscrews, giving it a propeller manufacturing capability (Dowty Rotol). In 1961 it acquired Boulton Paul Aircraft, no longer a large scale manufacturer of aircraft, producing research aircraft, but producing powered control units for aircraft as well as other activities. This was named Dowty Boulton Paul Ltd. 
In the 1960s the Company went on to develop fuel control systems for the Harrier jump jet and power controls for Concorde.
Dowty Group collaborated with the French Group Messier on aircraft landing gear and hydraulics over a long period of time.
In the late 1980s the Company diversified into telecommunications and computer equipment acquiring Datatel, a software business, in 1987, Case Group plc, a telecommunications business, in 1988 and Dataco, a provider of network services, in 1990.
Operations.
The Company manufactured hydraulic and actuation systems, advanced propeller systems, turbine engine components and tubular systems, as well as owning the Hamble aircraft structures business. The Dowty Group was also a market leader in the manufacturing of Mining systems solutions 
Demise of the business.
The Company was acquired by TI Group in 1992.
In 1993 TI Group hived off seven former Dowty Group companies engaged in the manufacture of electronic equipment by way of a management buy-out to form Ultra Electronics.
In 1994 TI Group transferred the Dowty landing gear business into a joint venture formed with SNECMA known as Messier-Dowty: in 1998 that business became wholly owned by Safran.

</doc>
<doc id="21433773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433773" title="1994 Masters (snooker)">
1994 Masters (snooker)

The 1995 Benson & Hedges Masters was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 6 and 13 February 1994 at the Wembley Conference Centre in London, England.
Alan McManus won in the final 9–8 against Stephen Hendry.
Wild card round.
In the preliminary round, the qualifier and wildcard players played the 15th and 16th seeds:
Qualifying.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won the qualifying tournament, known as the 1993 Benson & Hedges Championship at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="21433777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433777" title="Owen Delany Park">
Owen Delany Park

Owen Delany Park is a multi-purpose sports stadium located in Taupo, New Zealand. The main sports are Rugby and Cricket though, several other sports are accommodated on a permanent basis with numerous other events on an oneoff basis.
History.
The park is named for Owen Delany who was a dominant figure of the Taupo sporting scene since 1953 when he formed the United Wanderers Cricket Club. In 1954 he reformed the Taupo Rugby Football club.
Taupo Borough Council named the new sports ground Owen Delany Park in recognition of the time and effort Owen put into the establishment of the park and also his involvement in numerous other sports in Taupo over the previous thirty years.
Ground.
The park itself covers several hectares of land on the North-eastern outskirts of Taupo. The main stadium contains a partially covered grandstand with 90 percent of the remaining perimeter formed as a raised grass embankment. The playing surface contains a Rugby field with a cricket pitch in the centre and a grass Athletics track forming the boundary. A further two levels of grass surface provide up to five alternate rugby fields and three artificial cricket pitches.
The is also an indoor stadium which houses a Gymnastics facility, an outdoor bitumen Velodrome and outdoor Netball courts, there is also a Dog obedience facility and numerous sports club buildings within the confines of the park.
Usage.
Primary.
The King Country Rugby Union and the Northern Districts Cricket Association each use the ground several times a year for matches involving their premier teams and also use the facility for junior teams, training and development.
In 1994 King Country hosted South Africa in the first match of their tour of New Zealand. This was South Africas first game in New Zealand since the controversial 1981 tour.
In 1999, 2000 and 2001 the New Zealand Cricket team played One Day International games at the park using the lighting facilities for the day-night fixtures.
Secondary.
Various local sports clubs utilise the park on a weekly and seasonal basis providing competition on a local and national level.
The main stadium has been configured numerous times to host other sports such as Association football, Rugby League and Archery. Concerts and other public and social events are also held at the ground when a larger sized venue is required.

</doc>
<doc id="21433800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433800" title="Viktoriya Fyodorova">
Viktoriya Fyodorova

Viktoriya Fyodorova (born May 9, 1973) is a retired female high jumper from Russia. She set her personal best in the women's high jump event (1.98 metres) on 20 June 1997 in Tartu.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21433801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433801" title="List of Estonian postage stamps">
List of Estonian postage stamps

Eesti Post issues an average of 25–30 different stamps, souvenir sheets and booklets a year, with the total face value amounting to 150 Estonian kroons (10 euros). The most popular themes, such as Lighthouses, Manor Halls as architectural monuments, Folk Costumes, Estonian Birds, Animals, as well as Christmas stamps gave become established over time and are running into long series issued over several years. Prominent among sports stamps are those featuring Estonian Olympic Gold Medal winners.
First Day Covers and Cards, Maximum Cards and Special Cancellations occupy an important place among Eesti Post philatelic products, as do various thematic and year sets.

</doc>
<doc id="21433820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433820" title="Sirens of the Ditch">
Sirens of the Ditch

Sirens of the Ditch was the first solo album released by singer-songwriter and former Drive-By Truckers lead guitarist, Jason Isbell. The album was released on July 10, 2007.
After leaving Drive-By Truckers amicably in 2007, Isbell released "Sirens of the Ditch" on New West Records. "Sirens of the Ditch" was recorded at FAME Studios, where among the musicians helping to record the album was Spooner Oldham, famous for his work with Aretha Franklin and Neil Young. According to Washington Post writer Catherine Lewis, "Sirens of the Ditch" has "a more bluesy pop sound" than Isbell's work with Drive-By Truckers. The first single from the album, "Brand New Kind of Actress," deals with the death of Lana Clarkson in Phil Spector's mansion. Another single, "Dress Blues," concerns the death of Corporal Matthew Conley, a US Marine from Isbell's hometown who was killed in the Iraq War. "Down in a Hole" tells a tale of an eccentric character from Jason's locale. 

</doc>
<doc id="21433863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433863" title="395th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
395th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 395th Infantry Regiment was a unit of the United States 99th Infantry Division. It was organized with the rest of the 99th on 16 November 1942 at Camp Van Dorn, Mississippi. During the Battle of the Bulge, the regiment—at times virtually surrounded by Germans—was one of the few units that did not yield ground to the attacking Germans. On at least six occasions they called in artillery strikes on or directly in front of their own positions. Their success in defending Höfen resulted in the 395th Infantry Regiment being repeatedly assigned to other divisions for difficult assignments during the remainder of the war, earning them the sobriquet, "Butler's Blue Battlin' Bastards". The unit was inactivated after World War II, then became a reserve unit, and was redesignated as the 395th Regiment in 1999.
World War II.
The regiment was organized with three battalions, each containing three rifle companies and a weapons company armed with .30 caliber and .50 caliber machine guns. The battalion also had its own Intelligence and Reconnaissance Platoon, as well as medics and support personnel.
Training and tactics.
The regiment arrived at Camp Van Dorn in early December. The camp was newly built, and the barracks were covered in tar paper. From Camp Van Dorn they were transferred to the more established Camp Maxey in Paris, Texas for additional training. They engaged in division-level maneuvers in July 1944. The 395th was held in the United States until more room was available for the unit to enter Europe. From Camp Maxey they took a train to Camp Myles Standish outside Boston. The 99th boarded ships bound for England on 10 October 1944 and briefly stayed at Camp Marabout, Dorchester, England.
On 5 March 1941, as the United States began to mobilize for the possibility of war, McClernand Butler became a second lieutenant in the Regular Army. Butler's great-grandfather, General John Alexander McClernand, commanded infantry during the Civil War. Butler's uncle, General Edward J. McClernand, fought in the Indian Wars and was awarded the Medal of Honor. Butler's father had been a major in the Illinois National Guard and urged his son to become a guardsman when he was 16 years old. Butler attended, but did not graduate from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. He returned to Illinois and in 1933 was commissioned a second lieutenant in the National Guard. On 1 February 1944, Major Butler assumed command of the 3rd Battalion, 395th Regiment. Butler was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 21 March 1944, and remained in command of the 395th until 30 April 1945, when he collapsed from exhaustion. The war was over six days later.
The Army operated a program designed to capitalize on the large number of educated and intelligent recruits that were available. The program was called the Army Specialized Training Program (ASTP), and it sought to give extra training and special skills to a select group of intelligent and able young men, most of whom were taken from America's colleges. The program never fulfilled its promise, and the large number of "ASTPers" were rapidly integrated into various divisions to make up for personnel shortages in front line units during 1944. This quick infusion of personnel into the 99th Division occurred in March 1944, when more than 3000 joined the division. The sudden infusion of new men caused some friction with the old hands in the short term, but the long-term effects were generally positive. Many of the 99th Division's best soldiers were products of the ill-fated ASTP program.
Allied forces were fighting their way across France, and fresh units were badly needed in autumn 1944 to continue to press the offensive. The breakout from Saint-Lô, France was accomplished far more rapidly than Allied planners had dared hope, and American units plunged through the French countryside with undreamed of rapidity, far in advance of operational plans. American press reports from the European theater foretold the imminent fall of the Third Reich, and many men in Lt. Col. Butler's battalion thought that the war just might be over before they got there. This did not turn out to be true.
Deployment to the front.
On 1 November 1944, the 99th Infantry Division, comprising the 393rd, 394th, and the 395th Infantry Regiments, was put under operational control of V Corps, First Army. On 3 November 1944, the 395th Regiment disembarked at Le Havre, France. The 395th were moved by train and truck, and finally by foot, to front line positions near the German town of Höfen a few kilometers west of the Siegfried Line and near the Belgium-German border.
No one had anticipated such a rapid Allied advance. Troops were fatigued by weeks of continuous combat, Allied supply lines were stretched extremely thin, and supplies were dangerously depleted. While the supply situation improved in October, the manpower situation was still critical. General Eisenhower and his staff chose the Ardennes region, held by the First Army, as an area that could be held by as few troops as possible. The Ardennes area was chosen because of a lack of operational objectives for the Allies, the terrain offered good defensive positioning, roads were lacking, and the Germans were known to be using the area within Germany to the east as a rest and refit area for their troops.
Col. Butler went ahead to look over the area they were assigned to defend. He found that his 600 riflemen were assigned an extremely large area about long without any units in reserve.
The battalion dug in, its purpose to hold the line so that other units could attack key dams across the Roer River. In early December, the front was unusually calm and the weather was bone-chilling cold. The 99th held lines stretching from Monschau, Germany to Losheimergraben, Belgium, totaling . The 393rd, 394th, and 395th Regiments were put on line, each unit protecting approximately of front, roughly equivalent to one front-line infantry man every . Butler held a single platoon of 40 men from Company L in reserve. In the event of an emergency, the battalion headquarters and company administrative personnel, including clerks and motor-pool staff, were to join the platoon, creating a small reserve force of about 100 men.
Around Höfen, which the 395th defended, the ground was marked with open hills. On the east lay a section of the Monschau Forest. Just south of Höfen, the lines of the 99th entered this forest, ran through a long belt of timber to the boundary between the V and VIII Corps at the Losheim Gap. The thick forest was tangled with rocky gorges, little streams, and sharp hills.
The area around Höfen and Monschau were critical because of the road network that lay behind them. During the battle to come, if the Germans succeeded in taking Höfen, their ranks would be swelled rapidly, and the 99th and 2nd Infantry Divisions would be outflanked and could be attacked from the rear. For their part, the German army was planning a seven-day campaign to seize Antwerp.
To the north of Höfen lay a paved main road that led through the Monschau Forest, at whose eastern edge it forked. A second road ran parallel to the division center and right wing, leaving the Höfen road at the small hamlet of Wahlerscheid, and continued south through two very small villages, the twin towns of Rocherath and Krinkelt. It then intersected a main east-west road at Bullingen. This was the road network the Germans needed to meet their objectives. If the Germans penetrated Höfen, the U.S. soldiers would have to withdraw several miles to the next defensible position.
Battle of the Bulge.
In early December, much of the Allied forces were established in a general defensive line from the North Sea to the Swiss border. Specific units were charged with penetrating Germany's West Wall.
Defense of Höfen.
The 3rd Battalion, 395th Infantry, led by Lt. Col. McClernand Butler, occupied the area around Höfen, Germany, on the border with Belgium during early December. The terrain was open and rolling, and over six weeks the 3d Battalion prepared dug-in positions that possessed good fields of fire. The 38th Cavalry Squadron (led by Lt. Col. Robert E. O'Brien) was deployed to the north along the railroad track between Mutzenich and Konzen station. The 1st Battalion was positioned on the right. The infantry at Höfen lay in a foxhole line along a front on the eastern side of the village, backed up by dug-out support positions. These would later prove instrumental in defending themselves from the attacking Germans and in protecting themselves when their own artillery fired on or just in front of their own positions, which happened at least six times over the next few weeks. They inflicted disproportionate casualties on the Germans, and were one of the only units that did not give ground during the Battle of the Bulge.
Because of the success of the 395th and the 99th, the Americans maintained effective freedom to maneuver across the north flank of the German's line of advance and continually limited the success of the German offensive.
Disproportionate German casualties.
The 395th hit the Germans with such terrific small arms and machine gun fire that they couldn't even remove their dead and wounded in their rapid retreat. The accurate fire from the 12 3 inch guns of A Company, 612th Tank Destroyer Battalion, was instrumental in keeping German tanks from advancing. During the first day of the Battle of the Bulge, the 3rd Battalion took 19 prisoners and killed an estimated 200 Germans. Accurate estimates of German wounded were not possible, but about 20 percent of the 326th Volksgrenadier Division were lost. The 395th's casualties were extremely light: four dead, seven wounded, and four men missing.
On another day, the 3rd Battalion took 50 Germans prisoner and killed or wounded more than 800 Germans, losing only five dead and seven wounded themselves. On more than one occasion, BAR gunners would allow Germans to get within feet of their positions before opening fire, with the objective of increasing the odds of killing the attacking Germans. "In two cases, the enemy fell in the BAR gunners' foxholes." On at least six occasions they called in artillery strikes on or directly in front of their own positions.
As the battle ensued, small units, company and less in size, often acting independently, conducted fierce local counterattacks and mounted stubborn defenses, frustrating the German's plans for a rapid advance, and badly upsetting their timetable. By 17 December, German military planners knew that their objectives along the Elsenborn Ridge would not be taken as soon as planned.
The 99th as a whole, outnumbered five to one, inflicted casualties in the ratio of eighteen to one. The division lost about 20% of its effective strength, including 465 killed and 2,524 evacuated due to wounds, injuries, fatigue, or trench foot. German losses were much higher. In the northern sector opposite the 99th, this included more than 4,000 deaths and the destruction of sixty tanks and big guns.
On 28 January 1945, after six weeks of the most intense and relentless combat of the war in the biggest battle of World War II, involving approximately 1.3 million men, the Allies declared the Ardennes Offensive, or Battle of the Bulge, officially over. The 3rd Battalion, 395th Regiment had acquitted itself with valor, having held its lines despite the harsh winter weather, the enemy's numerical superiority and greater numbers of armored units.
Awards.
The 3rd Battalion received a Presidential Unit Citation for its actions around Höfen from 16 to 19 December. It was credited with destroying "seventy-five percent of three German infantry regiments." The citation read:
The 395th, entrenched along the "International Road" and Elsenborn Ridge, forced the Germans to commit and sacrifice many of their infantrymen and expose their armored formations to withering artillery fire. The regiment's successful defense prevented the Germans, who had counted on surprise, numbers, and minimum hard fighting as their keys to success, from accessing the best routes into the Belgium interior, and seriously delayed their scheduled advance by more than 48 hours, allowing the Americans to move large numbers of units and bring up reserves.
Enemy respect in combat.
German prisoners captured during the Battle of the Bulge volunteered praise of the 99th's effective defense of Höfen. A captured Lt. Bemener, formerly commander of the 5th Company of the 753rd Volksgrenadier Regiment, asked his American interrogator about the unit that had defended Höfen. Told it was the 3rd Battalion, 395th Infantry, he said, "It must have been one of your best formations." Asked why he thought so, he said, "Two reasons: one cold-bloodedness; two efficiency." Another German officer who was captured said, "I have fought two years on the Russian front, but never have I engaged in such a fierce and bloody battle."
Two Distinguished Service Crosses and several Silver Stars were awarded to members of the battalion for valorous actions against the enemy during this battle. Sgt. T. E. Piersall and Pfc. Richard Mills were awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
Additional offensive operations.
After a short period off the line, the battalion conducted offensive operations in Germany, including the seizure of several German towns from 1 to 5 March. The first town they were tasked with capturing was Bergheim, "the door to the Rhine." Butler's regiment crossed the Erft Canal near the Rhine and enlarged the bridgehead, taking that town with a night attack without losing a single man. Butler said, "The biggest difficulty in carrying out a night attack is control, and having men who can coordinate well as a team in the dark. I decided to stage the night attack at Bergheim because my troops would be going across an open area about long and wide. There was no cover. It was like a golf course, so I used the night for concealment."
The 395th Regiment's success earned it many difficult assignments. A U.S. Army World War II division was configured as a Triangular division, with three regimental maneuver elements. Up to that point, the Army had married a battalion of tanks to a battalion of infantry in support of the tanks. But the infantry often bore worse casualties than the tanks did and had to replaced and reinforced more quickly. This required the corps commander to draw on an infantry battalion from another division, and because of the reputation the 395th had earned at Höfen, it was transferred often to various divisions, including the 9th Infantry Division, the 3rd Armored Division, and the 7th Armored Division. "Blue" was the code word for the 3rd battalion under Army infantry's triangular organization.
The town of Kuckhof cost the battalion dearly, with more than fifty casualties inflicted on one company alone (I Company). The remainder of the battalion reached the Rhine River on that same day and crossed the Remagen Bridge which four days after being captured was still being shelled by German artillery. They then crossed the Wied River, where they joined up with the 7th Infantry Division. They were tasked with moving behind the German lines and cutting the Autobahn to prevent the withdrawal of the Germans.
They continued to fight even as the American press trumpeted the rapid crumbling of German resistance. The regiment helped to capture the Ruhr Pocket, where thousands of German troops and hundreds of German vehicles were captured. The unit crossed the Altmuhl River on 25 April, the Danube River on 27 April, and the Isar River on 30 April. There Major Butler collapsed due to exhaustion on 30 April, and Lt. Col. J. A. Gallagher assumed command for the last few days of the war. When hostilities ceased on 7 May 1945, the regiment had during six months of fighting experienced 300 percent turnover due to casualties. The regiment assumed occupation duties in Hammelburg and Bad Bruckenau until it was shipped home in the summer of 1945. Lt. Col. Butler retired from the Army on 14 January 1946 and worked for the phone company for the rest of his career.
Nickname.
The regiment earned the sobriquet "Butler's Battlin' Blue Bastards" derived from the name of its single commander, its special fighting abilities, the battalion's color designation, and because the regiment was often lent out and belonged to no one.
Commendation.
Two months later, when the 99th Division was transferred to VII Corps under Maj. Gen. Walter F. Lauer, the commanding officer of V Corps, Maj. Gen. Clarence R. Huebner, wrote him:
Major Butler was decorated with the Silver Star, the French Croix de guerre, the Belgian Fourragère, the Belgian Order de la Couronne, and the Bronze Star Medal with the Oak leaf cluster. Because of Major Butler's success in leading his battalion in successful night attacks during the war, which the U.S. Army handbook did not recommend, the French army later asked him to write a paper on battalion-size night attacks.
Campaign streamers.
The 395th received the following campaign streamers:
Unit decorations.
The entire regiment was recognized with the following unit decorations:
Heraldry and colors.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A silver color metal and enamel device in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Argent, a buck's head attired of ten tynes couped Or. Attached below the shield a silver scroll inscribed "VIGILANS ET CELER" in Black letters.
Symbolism
The 395th Infantry, Organized Reserves, was organized in 1921. It had its headquarters at Franklin, Pennsylvania, and drew its personnel from Pennsylvania. The shield is silver, the old color of Infantry. The buck's head was used to indicate the allocation of the organization to the mountainous section of Pennsylvania, where deer abound.
Background
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 395th Regiment Infantry, Organized Reserves on 16 June 1931. It was redesignated with description updated, for the 395th Regiment on 7 June 1999.
Coat of arms.
Blazon
"Shield" Argent, a buck's head attired of ten tynes couped Proper.
"Crest" That for the regiments and separate battalions of the Army Reserve: From a wreath Argent and Azure, the Lexington Minute Man Proper. The statue of the Minute Man, Captain John Parker, (H.H.Kitson, sculptor), stands on the common in Lexington, Massachusetts.
"Motto" VIGILANS ET CELER (Vigilant and Swift).
Symbolism
"Shield" The 395th Infantry, Organized Reserves, was organized in 1921. It had its headquarters at Franklin, Pennsylvania, and drew its personnel from Pennsylvania. The shield is silver, the old color of Infantry. The buck's head was used to indicate the allocation of the organization to the mountainous section of Pennsylvania, where deer abound.
"Crest" The crest is that of the U.S. Army Reserve.
Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 395th Regiment Infantry, Organized Reserves on 15 June 1931. It was redesignated for the 395th Regiment on 7 June 1999.
Modern service.
After the battalion was inactivated on 29 September 1945, its colors remained folded for more than fifty years. On 17 October 1999, the 3rd Battalion, 395th Regiment was reactivated as an Armor Training Support (TS) Battalion. With its sister battalions, the 1st, 395th Engineer and 2nd, 395th Field Artillery, the 3rd Battalion (TS) (AR) role is to train National Guard armor and infantry battalions across a three-state region and improve their combat readiness.

</doc>
<doc id="21433873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433873" title="Stanley Bay">
Stanley Bay

Stanley Bay can refer to a number of locations:

</doc>
<doc id="21433888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433888" title="Matt Vogel">
Matt Vogel

Matt Vogel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21433889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433889" title="1810 in sports">
1810 in sports

1810 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Boxing.
Events
Cricket.
Events
England
Horse racing.
England

</doc>
<doc id="21433935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433935" title="1901–02 Scottish Cup">
1901–02 Scottish Cup

The 1901–02 Scottish Cup was the 29th season of Scotland's most prestigious football knockout competition. The Cup was won by Hibernian, who defeated Celtic 1–0 in the Final. This gave Hibs their second and most recent Scottish Cup win. The Final was due to be played at Ibrox on 12 April, but the first Ibrox disaster happened a week earlier during the annual Scotland v England fixture. This meant that the Final was delayed by two weeks and moved to Celtic Park, even though Celtic were one of the finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="21433940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433940" title="Abkhazians of African descent">
Abkhazians of African descent

Abkhazians of African descent are a small group in Abkhazia of Black African descent who used to live mainly in the Abkhazian settlement Adzyubzha at the mouth of the Kodori River and the surrounding villages of Abkhazia (Chlou, Pokvesh, Agdarra, Merkulov, etc.) on the eastern coast of the Black Sea. Like the Afro Turks, they trace their origin back to the African branch of the Ottoman slave trade.
Origin.
Hypotheses.
The ethnic origin of the Abkhazians of African descent — and how Africans arrived in Abkhazia — is still a matter of dispute among experts. Historians agree that the settlement of Africans in a number of villages in the village of Adzyubzha in Abkhazia (then part of the Ottoman Empire) is likely to have happened in the 17th century. According to one version, a few hundred slaves were bought and brought by Shervashidze princes (Chachba) to work on the citrus plantations. This case was a unique, and apparently not entirely successful, case of mass import of Africans to the Black Sea coast.
According to another theory, Abkhazians of African descent are the descendants of the Colchians, the inhabitants of the ancient kingdom of Colchis in present-day western Georgia. However, the question of the likelihood of at least some continuity between the ancient Colchians and current Abkhazians of African descent is not known, because there is no available, reliable evidence of the existence of an African population in historic Kolkhi. They may also derive from the Egyptian Copts or Ethiopian Jews. Abkhazian writer Dmitry Gulia in the book "History of Abkhazia" compared the place names of Abkhazia and the corresponding names in Ethiopia and claimed that some of the geographical names are identical: Bagadi – Bagadi, Gunma – Gunma, Tabakur – Dabakur, etc.
In 1927, the Russian writer Maxim Gorky, together with the Abkhaz writer Samson Chanba visited the village of Adzyubzha and met elderly Africans there. Based on his visit and comparison of his observations with the published data, he felt that the Ethiopian version of the origin of the Abkhazians of African descent is true.
Legends.
There are a number of folk legends that might be based partly on true events. According to one of them, which is mentioned in the memorandum of Ivan Isakov to Nikita Khrushchev, an Ottoman ship wrecked near the Abkhazian coast during a storm, with slaves who were brought up for sale, and the current Abkhazians of African descent are the descendants of survivors from the ship, who founded the colony in Abkhazia. This legend, however, does not explain how such a ship could have entered the waters of the Black Sea, which is so far from major shipping lanes of the slave trade of that time.
Another legend tells about the dealings of Narts with certain "black faced people" from the Horn of Africa. The legendary Narts are said to have come back to the Caucasus from a long African campaign with hundreds of African escorts, who remained in Abkhazia.
In a third legend, the appearance of Abkhazians of African descent is involved with Peter the Great: he imported many black Africans to Russia, and it is said that those who were unable to acclimate to the northern capital of Russia, Saint Petersburg, were then generously given to the Abkhazian princes. According to the history candidate Igor Burtsev, there could have been a few dozen such "gifts of Peter" to Abkhazian princes. 
Perhaps more than one of the several scientific hypotheses and legends has some truth: many of them are not inherently exclusive, but complementary.
History and present.
The said memorandum of Ivan Isakov to Khrushchev on the Abkhazians of African descent says, among other things, that the governor of the Caucasus Hilarion Vorontsov-Dashkov, imitating Peter the Great, had his personal convoy of Afro-Adzyubzhi, who accompanied him in Chokha. Prince Alexander of Oldenburg, founder of Gagra, kept in his yard a few representatives from each of the peoples of the Black Sea coast of the Caucasus, including the local blacks.
It is known that already in the 19th century, Abkhazians of African descent spoke only in Abkhazian and considered themselves Abkhaz people. Their total number is estimated by different observers in the range of "several families" to "several villages". They are not religiously homogeneous, either. Apparently in Abkhazia there are or have been in the recent past black Christians, black Muslims, and black Jews.
Abkhazians of African descent engaged in growing citrus, grapes, and corn, working in the coal mines of Tkvarchreli and enterprises of Sukhumi, working in knitting factories, etc. Like many Abkhazian people, Abkhazians of African descent today speak in Russian. Most today are of mixed race, as the Abkhazians of African descent have intermarried with other local ethnic groups. Many left Kodor to settle in other parts of Georgia and in neighboring Russia, as well as other nearby countries.
Abkhazians of African descent presence has also been noted among Abkhaz communities in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="21433950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433950" title="The Atomic City">
The Atomic City

The Atomic City is a 1952 drama film directed by Jerry Hopper, starring Gene Barry and Lydia Clarke.
The story takes place at Los Alamos, New Mexico, where a nuclear physicist (Barry) lives and works. Terrorists kidnap his son and demand that the physicist turn over the H-bomb formula.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Story and Screenplay), Sydney Boehm being the nominee.
Plot.
Frank and Martha Addison live in Los Alamos, where he does top-secret work as a physicist. They have a young son, Tommy, who goes with school mates to Santa Fe for a carnival, where teacher Ellen Haskell can't find him when Tommy's winning ticket in a raffle is announced.
The Addisons receive a telegram telling them Tommy has been kidnapped. The teacher also gets in touch about their boy being missing, but Frank, ordered to keep quiet, lies that he left work early and picked up his son.
Ellen's boyfriend is an FBI agent, Russ Farley, and she passes along her concerns. Farley and partner Harold Mann begin tailing the Addisons. When a kidnapper instructs Frank to steal a file from the atomic lab and mail it to a Los Angeles hotel, he wants to inform the authorities, but Martha fears for their boy.
A small-time thief, David Rogers, picks up the file and takes it to a baseball game, followed by the FBI's agents and cameras. His car explodes, killing him, but Rogers first passed the file to someone at the game. FBI film spots a hot-dog vendor who is actually Donald Clark, a man with Communist ties.
Tommy is moved by kidnappers to the site of an Indian ruin in New Mexico, where they briefly encounter the Fentons, a family of tourists. The mastermind turns out to be Dr. Rassett, a physicist. He studies the file Addison mailed and determines it to be a fake. Rassett orders the boy killed, but Tommy has escaped and is hiding in a cave.
The son of the Fentons has the raffle ticket, which he found by the ruins. FBI agents rush to the site, where Rassett is arrested after killing his accomplices, and Tommy is saved.
Cast.
As appearing in screen credits (main roles identified):
A full cast and production crew list is too lengthy to include, see: IMDb profile.

</doc>
<doc id="21433968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433968" title="Material discography">
Material discography

Releases by Material:
Collaborations.
This list features recordings that at least in part explicitly credits Material, and features production, writing and/or performance by members of the Material collective.

</doc>
<doc id="21433970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433970" title="Peter Tillers">
Peter Tillers

Peter Tillers, American scholar of the law of evidence, was born in Riga, Latvia, in 1943 and arrived in the United States in 1950. He was educated at Yale (A.B., 1966) and Harvard Law School (J.D., 1969, LL.M., 1972). He has been Professor of Law at Cardozo Law School, New York, since 1986.
Tillers is a reviser of John Henry Wigmore's multi-volume treatise on the law of evidence and has published a variety of articles on evidence, inference, and investigation. 
He is an editor of the Oxford journal "Law, Probability and Risk". Tillers is former chairman and secretary of the Evidence Section of the Association of American Law Schools. He was a Fellow of Law & Humanities at Harvard University and a Senior Max Rheinstein Fellow at the University of Munich. He was a visiting professor at Harvard Law School in the spring semester of 2002. Professor Tillers was legal adviser for the Latvian mission to the United Nations during the 48th Session of the General Assembly. He maintains a website with discussion of a wide range of general issues of evidence.
Tillers' scholarship focuses on evidential inference and fact investigation in legal settings. He maintains that multiple methods of marshaling and analyzing evidence are important in trials and in pretrial investigation and informal fact discovery (and in many other human domains). He maintains that inference networks offer a useful window into investigative discovery and proof at trial. But he believes that subjective, synthetic, and gestalt-like perspectives on evidence, inference, and proof are also essential. (This aspect of his thinking about evidential inference is almost undoubtedly attributable to his early interest in Immanuel Kant, G.W.F. Hegel, and, in general, German Idealism.) 
Tillers recently came to the conclusion that real headway in the study of human inference (and of much else) can be made if and only if it is understood that the human animal is an "intelligent organism" that "thinks" both at a conscious and subconscious level; he now believes that Aristotle was fundamentally right in the way he, Aristotle, viewed (wo)man and his (her) place in the cosmos.
References.
Peter Tillers resume

</doc>
<doc id="21433977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433977" title="Never Say Never (Alias album)">
Never Say Never (Alias album)

Never Say Never, released in 2009, is the second album from the 1990s hard rock band Alias.
In early January 2009, Alias announced the release of their long awaited second album. This album, appropriately titled “Never Say Never”, sat unreleased for nearly 18 years. It was recorded in 1992 and was planned to follow the self-titled debut album "Alias". However, due to the rapidly evolving music scene of that time where the grunge movement was growing in popularity and metal was fading, it was never released. A few of the songs from this album were re-recorded and appeared on lead vocalist Freddy Curci’s solo album "Dreamer’s Road", but many tracks remained unreleased.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="21433980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21433980" title="Rabri (disambiguation)">
Rabri (disambiguation)

Rabri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21434007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434007" title="Loony on the Bus">
Loony on the Bus

Loony on the Bus is the fifteenth studio album by Roy Harper, released in 1988.
History.
The album is mostly a collection of tracks originally intended for release in 1977 under the title "Commercial Breaks". The original 1977 release was held back because of disputes between Harper and EMI over funding and content and resultantly, it was not until the release of "Loony on the Bus" in 1988 that most of the tracks became publicly available.
Seven songs are taken from the original track listing for "Commercial Breaks" (tracks: 1,2,3,6,9,10,& 11), two songs still remain exclusive to this release (tracks 5 & 8), and two tracks (4 & 7) though exclusive at the time of release, would later be released as bonus tracks on the eventual 1994 CD release of "Commercial Breaks".
The album's title was inspired by a review of one of Harper's earlier albums in a women's magazine. The reviewer stated that Harper reminded her of "..."the loony on the bus"".
Track listing.
"All tracks credited to Roy Harper"

</doc>
<doc id="21434041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434041" title="Anne Jane Thornton">
Anne Jane Thornton

Anne Jane Thornton (1817–1877), also spelt Ann Jane Thornton, was a 19th-century adventurer from Donegal who in 1832 posed as a boy to go to sea, in pursuit of a lost lover who had gone to the United States. She continued her career as a seaman until her arrival in London in 1835, when she was interviewed by the Lord Mayor of London. She later wrote a book about her adventures.
Early life.
Born in Gloucestershire, in the west of England, in 1817, Thornton was the daughter of a prosperous shop-keeper. According to the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", in 1823 her mother died, and her father moved to Donegal in Ireland where he opened a successful shop. "The Lady" magazine for 1835 adds a further detail: "...when six years old she accompanied her father to Ireland, where he afterwards possessed profitable stores and subsequently failed".
Life.
At the age of thirteen, Thornton met Captain Alexander Burke, an Englishman whose father lived in New York, and before she was fifteen the two had become strongly attached to each other. In 1832, Burke left Donegal to travel to New York, and Thornton made up her mind to go after him. Attended by a maid and a boy, she left Donegal, obtained a suit of cabin boy's clothes, and posing as a boy, made a safe passage to New York. On arrival, she went to Burke's father's house, where she said that she had worked under the captain's orders and wished to be engaged by him again. She learnt from Burke's father that the man she loved had died a few days before.
Without money, Thornton needed to find employment. By now, she had a swarthy complexion, which helped to make her look less like a young woman, and still posing as a boy she got a position at nine dollars a month as ship's cook and steward on board "The Adelaide". After this, she had a berth in "The Rover". She later served on the "Belfast", "dressed in a red worsted Jacket and duck trousers". Between ships, she once walked seventy miles from Eastport, Maine, to St Andrew's, dressed as a sailor.
Eventually, Thornton took a position as a ship's cook on another ship, "The Sarah", bound for London, giving her name as Jim Thornton from Donegal. As Jim, she proved a great asset to the ship, cooking and also helping out on deck when needed, as the ship was sailing with an under-strength crew.
It was on this vessel that Thornton was discovered as a woman: 
The sailor who discovered Thornton threatened that unless she agreed to sexual intercourse with him, he would report her to the ship's master, Captain McIntyre. Thornton refused, and when she was revealed to the master he "turned her out to work amongst the men, by whom she upon all occasions was most grossly insulted".
McIntyre recorded his astonishment on learning that Thornton was a woman: 
"The Sarah" was bound at the time for London, where she docked in February 1835. Before this arrival, other crew members had suspicions about Thornton's identity, and McIntyre later told "The Times" that she had been abused by the other sailors and that she had worked hard aboard the ship. McIntyre reported that Thornton 
The story was reported in the London newspapers after a customs officer on the River Thames had intervened to stop a member of "The Sarah"'s crew from mistreating a young sailor, finding to his amazement that the sailor was a young woman. The customs man then lodged Thornton at the Cooper's Arms Tavern in Lower Thames Street and reported the case to his superiors.
After the Lord Mayor of London had read the reports, he sent a police inspector to investigate and subsequently held an inquiry at the Mansion House, himself interviewing all parties concerned, including Thornton and McIntyre. The captain said he had had no suspicion when employing Thornton that she was female and insisted that he had every intention of paying her the money she had earned on the voyage. Called on by McIntyre to say whether he had ever been unkind to her, Thornton replied "No, you were always most considerate. But some of the men struck me cruelly when I could not work as hard as they were in the rough weather".
The Lord Mayor berated Thornton for running away from her father, while praising her seafaring conduct, and offered her money to help her to return home to her father in Ireland.
The people of London sympathised with Thornton, and she was offered £500 to appear on the stage, but she refused the offer, stating that she wanted only to go home to her father. However, when the Lord Mayor made inquiries in Donegal he found that Thornton's father had himself emigrated to America, although her sister still lived there and was glad to hear news of Anne Jane. The Lord Mayor booked Thornton a seat on the London to Liverpool coach, and she left for Ireland on 2 April 1835. On April 13, a newspaper in Ballyshannon reported her arrival in Donegal.
Thornton's story became even better known after she wrote an autobiographical book, "The Interesting Life and Wonderful Adventures of that Extraordinary Woman Anne Jane Thornton, the Female Sailor".
King William IV granted Thornton a pension of £10 a year, while a Mr Andrew Murray gave her the use of a farm near Lough Eske, rent-free.
In February 1836, Thornton married, under unusual circumstances. One day a friend from Ballyshannon went to Donegal to visit her and found her being dragged to a clergyman by a group of men, who intended her to marry one of them. Her friend rescued her and they were married the next day. She gave birth to a son in November 1836.
Thornton lived until 1877.
Ballad of "The Female Sailor Bold".
Thornton's story inspired the ballad "The Female Sailor Bold", also called "The Female Sailor". The following is the text of the ballad, as sold in the United States from "c." 1835.
An edited version appears in "The Oxford Book of English Traditional Verse" (1983).
Good people give attention and listen to my song;<br>
I will unfold a circumstance that does to love belong;<br>
Concerning of a pretty maid who ventur'd we are told<br>
Across the briny ocean as a female sailor bold.
Her name was Ann Jane Thornton, as you presently shall hear,<br>
And also that she was born in fam'd Gloucestershire;<br>
Her father now lives in Ireland, respected we are told,<br>
And grieving for his daughter—this female sailor bold.
She was courted by a captain when not fifteen years of age,<br>
And to be joined in holy wedlock this couple did engage,<br>
But the captain was bound to America, as I will now unfold,<br>
And she followed him o'er the ocean did this female sailor bold.
She dress'd herself with sailors clothes and was overcome with joy<br>
When with a captain she did engage to serve as cabin boy,<br>
And when New York in America this fair maid did behold<br>
She determined to seek her true love did this female sailor bold.
Then to her true loves fathers she hastened with speed,<br>
When the news that she did hear most dreadful indeed,<br>
That her love had been dead some time they to her did unfold<br>
Which very near broke the heart of this female sailor bold.
Some thousand miles she was from home from friends far away<br>
Alone she traveled seventy miles thro' woods in North America<br>
Bereft of all her kindred nor no parent to behold,<br>
In anguish she cried my true love did this female sailor bold.
Then she went on board the Adelaide, to cross the troubled wave<br>
And in storms of hail and gales of wind she did all dangers brave<br>
She served as cook and steward in the Adelaide we are told<br>
Then sailed on board the Rover did the female sailor bold.
From St Andrew's in America this fair maid did set sail,<br>
In a vessel called the Sarah and brav'd many a stormy gale<br> 
She did her duty like a man did reef and steer we're told<br>
By the captain she was respected well—the female sailor bold.
With pitch and tar her hands were hard, tho' once like velvet soft<br>
She weighed the anchor, heav'd the lead and boldly went aloft<br>
Just one and thirty months she braved the tempest we are told<br>
And always did her duty did the female sailor bold.
'Twas in the month of February eighteen hundred thirty five,<br>
She in the port of London in the Sarah did arrive;<br>
Her sex was then discovered which the secret did unfold,<br>
And the captain gaz'd in wonder on the female sailor bold.
At the Mansion-House she appear'd before the Lord Mayor,<br>
And in the public papers then the reasons did appear,<br>
Why she did leave her father and her native land she told,<br>
To brave the stormy ocean, did this female sailor bold.
It was to seek her lover that sailed across the main,<br>
Thro' love she did encownter storms tempest wind and rain.<br>
It was love caused all her troubles and hardships we are told;<br>
May she rest at home contented now the female sailor bold.

</doc>
<doc id="21434049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434049" title="About Time (New York Gong album)">
About Time (New York Gong album)

About Time is a 1979 album by Daevid Allen and Gong-offshot "New York Gong". The basic line-up of New York Gong would continue as Material.
"Much Too Old" / "I Am A Freud" was issued as a 1979 7" single (Charly, CYS 1056), and "Jungle Windo(w)" / "Much Too Old" / "Materialism" as a 1980 10" EP.
Allen also released the 1982 album "Divided Alien Playbax 80" which featured tracks recorded during these sessions. A further album, "Daevid Allen and the Divided Alien Clockwork Band" was released in 1997 (Blueprint, BP 269) of a live performance from the Squat Theatre, New York, August 1980 which featured tape loops from the "Divided Alien Playbax 80" album. The Daevid Allen 1983 "Alien in New York" EP (Charly Records, CYZ 10) featured two tracks which were also based on tapes loops from these sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="21434062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434062" title="South Korea national under-17 football team">
South Korea national under-17 football team

The Korea Republic national under-17 football team represents South Korea in international under 17 football competitions.
Players.
Current squad.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |

</doc>
<doc id="21434064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434064" title="Robinsons Cabanatuan">
Robinsons Cabanatuan

Robinsons Cabanatuan is a large shopping mall located Maharlika Highway, Cabanatuan City, Philippines. The mall is owned by John Gokongwei, founder of JG Summit Holdings and Robinsons Land Co, it is the first Robinsons mall in the province. The mall was built beside NE Pacific Mall in 2007. The mall had its soft opening on November 2008 and its grand opening the next year.
The Mall.
Robinsons Cabanatuan is one of the most visited malls in the city, the mall is a 3-storey building which is mainly occupied by the Robinsons Department Store on the 2nd and 3rd floors, Robinsons Appliances and Handyman Do-It Best Hardware is located on the 2nd floor while Robinsons Supermarket is located in the 1st floor. Other tenants like the Sun Express Shop is also located in the 1st floor. The mall attracts a daily foot traffic of over 100,000 people everyday which increases every weekends, the mall shared profits with much more larger NE Pacific Mall which is a property of the NE Group of Companies and Landco Pacific Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="21434083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434083" title="Angier Biddle Duke">
Angier Biddle Duke

Angier Biddle Duke (November 30, 1915 – April 29, 1995) had a career which included being a diplomat in the United States foreign service.
Family and Youth.
Duke was born in New York City.
His father was Angier Buchanan Duke (1884–1923) an heir to the American Tobacco Company fortune; his paternal grandfather was Benjamin Newton Duke (1855–1929), a major benefactor of Duke University (named for the family).
His mother was Cordelia Drexel Biddle. His maternal grandfather was Anthony Joseph Drexel Biddle, Sr. of the Biddle family of Philadelphia. A great-great-grandfather through his mother was banker Anthony Joseph Drexel.
After a misspent youth, which included an education at St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, he dropped out of Yale University in 1936. 
Career.
Duke became skiing editor for a sports magazine in the late 1930s. In 1940 he enlisted as a private in the United States Army Air Forces, and by discharge in 1945 was a major serving in North Africa and Europe. His uncle Anthony Joseph Drexel Biddle, Jr. was serving as ambassador to most of the governments-in-exile that were occupied by Germany during World War II. 
In 1949, Duke joined the United States Foreign Service an assistant in Buenos Aires and subsequently Madrid. From 1952 to 1953, he served as the U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador during the Truman administration and was, aged 36, the youngest ever U.S. Ambassador up to that time. With the Democratic Party out of power in 1953–1961, he left the foreign service and returned to private life. During much of this time, he served as President of the International Rescue Commission.
In 1960, Duke accepted a call from the Kennedy administration to serve as Chief of Protocol for the U.S. Department of State with the rank of Ambassador, holding this position until 1965. His most visible task during this term was to supervise the protocol for the world leaders who attended the November 25, 1963 
funeral of John F. Kennedy.
At end of his term as Chief of Protocol, the Johnson administration asked him to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Spain (1965–1967) and then to Denmark (1968–1969). In 1969 he was awarded an honorary LL.D. degree from Duke University.
With the Democratic Party again out of power, he was again out of the U.S. Foreign Service. The Carter administration brought him back again to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to Morocco in 1979–1981.
From 1992 to 1995, Duke served as the elected president of the Council of American Ambassadors.
Duke died at the age of 79, from being struck by a car while rollerblading. His papers are archived by Duke University in North Carolina.
Personal life.
In 1936, he married Priscilla St. George (great-granddaughter of George Fisher Baker). Their son Angier "Pony" St. George Duke was born in 1938, and the marriage ended in divorce in 1940. Priscilla St. George married State Senator Allan A. Ryan, Jr. (1903–1981) in 1941. Duke married Margaret Screven White in 1940. They divorced in 1952, the same year Duke married Maria-Luisa de Aranal of Spain. His third wife died in a plane crash in 1961. In 1962, he married Robin Chandler Lynn.

</doc>
<doc id="21434095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434095" title="Temporary Music">
Temporary Music

Temporary Music is the 1979 debut EP and 1981 debut album by the New York based No Wave music group Material.
The band had previously worked with Daevid Allen on New York Gong's 1979 "About Time" album. The "Temporary Music 1" EP was recorded in 1979 and the "Temporary Music 2" EP in 1980. The two EPs were compiled together for Material's debut album, two slightly different versions being released, one on Red Rec. which also included the "Discourse" single, and one on Celluloid which simply put each EP on either side of the album. Some CD versions include the "Detached"/"Ciquiri" single, recorded with Robert Quine.
Track listing.
"Temporary Music" CD version (Celluloid, Restless).
Note: Some CD versions omit the "Detached"/"Ciquiri" single; others have a different track order. The compilation has also been released on CD as "Secret Life".

</doc>
<doc id="21434098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434098" title="Charles K. Eastman">
Charles K. Eastman

Charles Kemper Eastman (September 18, 1929 – July 3, 2009) was an American screenwriter and script doctor. He wrote the screenplay for the 1970 film "Little Fauss and Big Halsy"; he wrote and directed "The All American Boy". Charles Eastman died from complications of heart disease in Culver City, California on July 3, 2009.
Early life.
Eastman was born in Los Angeles, California, into a working-class family employed in motion pictures. His father worked at Warner Bros. as a grip, and his mother was a longtime secretary for Bing Crosby. Eastman's sister Carole also became a screenwriter.
Career and works.
Eastman began his career working in the Crosby office and appears as a prominent extra in many Bing Crosby films. He was working in the script department at CBS in the 1950s and had written several plays that found a place in Los Angeles theatre, including "La Peregrina", "Victorey", "The Root of the Iceplant", and "The Hamster of Happiness". "The Hamster of Happiness" became a screenplay produced at NBC as an "Experiment in Television", with Susan Tyrrell and Mildred Dunnock, and later a motion picture at Lorimar under the title "Second-Hand Hearts", directed by Hal Ashby.
Eastman was a "gifted and eccentric" writer, according to the "Los Angeles Times", who turned down option offers on his screenplays during the 1960s unless he could direct them himself. He is considered one of Hollywood's most accomplished script doctors; examples of this uncredited work include Otto Preminger's "Bunny Lake Is Missing" as well as "The Loved One", "The Cincinnati Kid", "The Americanization of Emily", "This Property Is Condemned", "Who'll Stop the Rain", "The Planet of the Apes" and "Heaven Can Wait".
Eastman's screenplay "Little Fauss and Big Halsy" was produced at Paramount, directed by Sidney J. Furie and released in 1970. He shared "Esquire" magazine's Best Screenplay of the Year award with Bertolucci's "The Spider's Stratagem". Robert Redford, the movie's star, said of the film, "That was the best screenplay of any film I've ever done, in my opinion. It was without a doubt the most interesting, the funniest, the saddest, the most real and original."
Eastman wrote and directed "The All American Boy" for Warner Bros., starring Jon Voight. It was Eastman's only directing credit.
Robert Towne, the screenwriter of "Chinatown", cited Eastman as an early influence on his work: "Chuck Eastman—Adrian Joyce's brother—wrote "Honeybear, I Think I Love You", a very influential screenplay in the fifties that never got made that affected me strongly because there was a guy who was able to use life around him and push as far as anybody writing a novel was going to push." He later elaborated, "For me, it was quite a revelation because it was the first contemporary screenplay I had read that just opened up the possibilities of everything that you could put into a screenplay in terms of language and the observations of contemporary life".
"Little Fauss and Big Halsy" and "The All American Boy" were among the first screenplays to be published in hardback by Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
Other original screenplays by Eastman include "April 17, 1961", "The Hundredth Monkey", "Cowboy Christmas", and "Kazhiamira and the Night Guys". He adapted the stories of "Desperadoes" and "Boomer". Other produced plays he wrote include "The Un-American Cowboy", "Busy Bee Good Food All Night Delicious", and "Borders".
Eastman's short story "Yellow Flags" was published in "The Atlantic" and later anthologized in the 1993 O. Henry Prize Stories collection.
Eastman's photo collection comprising over 50 years of screenplay research and celebrity photos is available through Getty Images. People magazine and Hello! UK published his pictures of a young Angelina Jolie in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21434105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434105" title="2009 in Ecuadorian football">
2009 in Ecuadorian football

The 2009 season is the 87th season of competitive football in Ecuador.
National team.
Senior team.
2010 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
The senior team finished all their qualifying games this year. They failed to qualify to their third successive FIFA World Cup.
Friendlies.
"Note: This is an un-official international friendly."
Under-20 team.
The under-20 team participated in the 2009 South American Youth Championship in Venezuela. They were eliminated by coin toss.
Under-17 team.
The 2009 South American Under-17 Football Championship was held in Chile, in which Ecuador's U-17 team participated. They were drawn into Group B, from which they managed to advance to the Final Group. They failed to qualified to the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Nigeria.
Group B matches
Final Group matches

</doc>
<doc id="21434124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434124" title="Shin-Shibamata Station">
Shin-Shibamata Station


</doc>
<doc id="21434127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434127" title="Morocco–Pakistan relations">
Morocco–Pakistan relations

Morocco–Pakistan relations have traditionally been strong and cordial, since their establishment in the 1950s, soon after Pakistan's independence from the United Kingdom. Morocco maintains an embassy in Islamabad, whilst Pakistan maintains one in Rabat.
Bilateral relations.
Both countries have co-operated significantly since the past and continue to widely expand their relations, in the past Pakistan has said that it does not recognise the self-proclaimed Sahrawi Arab Republic in the Western Sahara, and that the regions status is disputed and remains to be decided by UN Resolutions, but at the same time it showed its support for the Moroccan point of view that the dispute is an internal matter.
Economic relations.
In late 2007, the Moroccan Ambassador, Mohammed Rida El Fassi, invited and encouraged Pakistani entrepreneurs and businessmen to take advantage of Morocco’s Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with the USA and the European Union (EU), particularly in the textile and readymade garments. In a meeting with the Vice-President of the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FPCCI), Zubair Tufail, the ambassador said that under the FTA, Morocco has free access of readymade garments to the United States, a huge market for garments. "“Morocco is a big exporter of readymade garments to Europe, and we invite Pakistani companies to share the Moroccan export to Europe,”" Fassi said.
The ambassador went on to invite Pakistani companies to set up garment units in Morocco, where even a 30% value addition is acceptable to the European Union.
The Vice-President of FPCCI, Zubair Tufail, accepted and welcomed the Ambassador's offer in return and stressed that the private sector of both the countries will come closer to open new possibilities for bilateral trade. Currently, Pakistan's exports to Morocco stand at US$11.5 million, whilst Moroccan exports to Pakistan stand at US$147 million

</doc>
<doc id="21434136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434136" title="Charles Stourton">
Charles Stourton

Charles Stourton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21434147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434147" title="List of foreign Liga I players">
List of foreign Liga I players

This is a list of foreign players in the Liga I, which commenced play in 1909. The following players must meet both of the following two criteria:
More specifically,
Clubs listed are those that the player has played at least one Liga I game for.
Seasons listed are those that the player has played at least one Liga I game in. Note that seasons, not calendar years, are used. For example, "1992–1995" indicates that the player has played in every season from 1992–1993 to 1994–1995, but not necessarily every calendar year from 1992 to 1995.
In bold: players that have played at least one Liga I game in the current season (2010–2011) and the clubs they've played for. They include players that have subsequently left the club, but do not include current players of a Liga I club that have not played a Liga I game in the current season.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21434155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434155" title="Steve Johnson (rugby union)">
Steve Johnson (rugby union)

Steve Johnson is a former Leicester Tigers and England blindside flanker. He made 207 appearances during the period 1976-83 for Leicester Tigers.
Johnson scored 31 tries for the Tigers and captained the club from 1981–83, making his final appearance in the John Player Cup final against Bristol. He was on the winning side three times in five cup finals and represented Leicestershire, Midlands, British Police and England B. He also came second in a Leicester Mercury vote which would be in the Leicester Tigers' walk of fame, as Leicester Tigers best ever blindside flanker.
He is currently a summariser for all Leicester Tigers games on BBC Radio Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="21434156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434156" title="Tsukihana">
Tsukihana

Music video.
The music video begins with Kitade walking in a Japanese-styled room. Fully dressed in a kimono, she is seen clutching a deep red flower. As the video progresses, Kitade is shown moving elegantly on the floor, standing up, or holding a red flower in a Japanese-styled tatami room, or in front of a blue screen.

</doc>
<doc id="21434175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434175" title="Béla Szabados">
Béla Szabados

Béla Szabados may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21434182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434182" title="Astris">
Astris

In Greek mythology, Astris (or Asteria) was one of the Heliades, daughters of Helios, either by the Oceanid Clymene or the Oceanid Ceto. She married the river god Hydaspes (the modern Jhelum River) and became mother of Deriades, king in India.
External links.
Theoi Project - Astris

</doc>
<doc id="21434190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434190" title="Forestle">
Forestle

Forestle was an ecologically inspired search engine created by Christian Kroll, Wittenberg, Germany, in 2008. Forestle is a website for finding all kinds of information on the internet; Forestle helps to save the rain forest and aims to reduce CO2 emissions. It also offers special features, for example a preview of the websites found during a search.
Increasing contributions to sustainability.
Forestle saves 0.1 square meters (about 0.12 square yards) of rain forest per search event. It guarantees to donate 90% of its advertisement revenue to the Adopt an Acre program of is partner organization The Nature Conservancy. The Nature Conservancy uses these donations by Forestle to sustain rain forests. As of December 9, 2009, about 2,910,000 square meters of rain forest have been saved. As of November 20, 2010 about 9,250,000 square meters have been saved.
A Forestle search is also essentially CO2-neutral, as Forestle.org offsets the carbon-dioxide emissions caused by electricity consumed by all Forestle servers, the network infrastructure as well as the computers of each user by purchasing an equivalent amount of renewable energy certificates. The certificates are purchased from a part of the 10% of revenue left after conserving rain forest. This makes Forestle one of the few web search sites that are green certified.
Forestle thus offers a simple alternative form of searching the web in an eco-friendly way.
The number of search requests on Forestle.org continues to increase significantly: Within two months, it increased more than sixfold from about 4,000 per day on average in December 2008 to more than 24,000 per day in February 2009. The report about Forestle in a major German newspaper end of February 2009 transiently boosted the number of search events on Forestle.org within a week (3 March 2009) close to its all-time maximum. As of December 2009, the number of search events exceeds 200,000 per day.
The degree of impact of Forestle.org and similar kinds of 'green' search engines is discussed; the (now removed) note on Forestle to not click on advertisements to 'help' achieving larger advertisement revenues was particularly criticized.
Features.
The site pioneers a thumbnail website preview for all search results. Moreover, it offers a search with so-called indicators, for instance, one may directly search for 'Basic Income' on Wikipedia (instead of the entire WWW) by typing 'Wikipedia::Basic Income'. The language chosen for indicator search is automatically associated, so a search on the US web site http://us.Forestle.org or on the British web site http://uk.Forestle.org leads to a search on English Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org and a search on the German web site http://de.Forestle.org (or on the Austrian Website http://at.Forestle.org) leads a search on German Wikipedia http://de.wikipedia.org. Forestle also provides several browser plugins, can be added to iGoogle and is available in English and German (full versions) as well as in Spanish and Dutch (details partially in English)
Utopia Award.
On November 27, 2009, Forestle received the Utopia Award as an exemplary organisation enabling us to live more sustainably. The Jury emphasizes that Forestle "offers a simple and strong possibility to contribute to protect existing rain forest through the use of an everyday [...] service" and that "thereby Forestle unfolds a high effectiveness and sharpens the consumers' sense for the impact of consumer behavior".
Forestle search engine partners.
Forestle was associated to Google until Google revoked the site's search functionality after four days due to a dispute over whether their terms of service were being broken. Forestle.org states that Google did not actually give reasons for stopping the association. At the time, Forestle posted a message on their website stating that Google had contacted them and explained the reason for banning Forestle from using their Google Custom Search. The action by Google to not further support Forestle immediately drew international attention. Details about the conflict between Google and Forestle are debated. Forestle is now associated with Yahoo.
Reference With Ecosia.
This Green Certified Search Engine now (1 January 2011) states that its search results will be redirected to Ecosia from 1 January, 2011 Which also aims at rainforest saving and a lot of more new activities day-by-day. You can visit Forestle at for the Worldwide Site, [http://in.forestle.org/ for the Indian website, US residences can use us.Forestle.org And All others can check out their regional sites from Its "About" page can be reached at [http://forestle.org/_lang/en/about_forestle.php and you can know about how it works from [http://forestle.org/_lang/en/how_it_works.php].
Forestle Discontinued.
"In order to optimally grow the charitable power of our green search alternative, we’ve decided to discontinue Forestle – despite its remarkable success story – in favor of the newly-relaunched Ecosia, which will process all queries to Forestle starting on January 1 2011. With Ecosia, you can also help protect the rainforest with every search." States the website about the latest notice about it discontinuation.

</doc>
<doc id="21434198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434198" title="Yagiri Station">
Yagiri Station


</doc>
<doc id="21434202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434202" title="Phaungdawoo Monastic Education High School">
Phaungdawoo Monastic Education High School

Phaungdawoo Monastic Education High School () is a high school of Theravada Buddhist monastic education located in Mandalay, Myanmar. Founded in 1993, the school comprises an Administration Department, Academic Department, Special Projects Development Department, Finance & Account Department, Vocational Department, Information Technology Department and Health Care Department. The school also has a notable HIV/AIDS prevention scheme and support groups. The school has a library, a clinic, and a furniture factory.

</doc>
<doc id="21434205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434205" title="Of Fungi and Foe">
Of Fungi and Foe

Of Fungi and Foe is the second solo album by Les Claypool. The album was released on the March 17, 2009. The album featured Eugene Hütz, Paulo Baldi, Mike Dillon, Lapland Miclovik, Sam Bass, Cage Claypool, and Bryonn Bain.
Claypool stated:

</doc>
<doc id="21434209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434209" title="American Songs">
American Songs

American Songs is a 1981 EP by the New York based No Wave music group Material.

</doc>
<doc id="21434210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434210" title="Action (French TV channel)">
Action (French TV channel)

Action is a French television channel which shows action films and TV movies.
History of the channel.
A TV channel dedicated to films (cinema and telefilm) in the action genre, was commercially launched as part of the AB Sat package in 1996.
It is also the name of a channel in the Starz Encore Group.
Budget.
Action is run by AB Sat SA with a budget of €24 million, provided 100% by AB Groupe.
Broadcast.
Action is broadcast on the satellite networks Nouveau Canalsat and Bis Télévisions, on cable, and on ADSL.

</doc>
<doc id="21434216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434216" title="William F. Powell">
William F. Powell

William Frederick Powell (1826 – 1889) was a political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Carleton in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1854 to 1866 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Perth, Upper Canada, the son of Colonel James Hamilton Powell, and had moved to Bytown by 1847. Powell was among those who lobbied for a Protestant hospital in Bytown. He served as reeve for Bytown. In 1857, he married Rosanna Margaret Wallis. Powell also served as sheriff for Carleton County and was captain of an infantry company at Bells Corners, Canada West.
Powell Avenue in the Glebe area of Ottawa was named after him.
His brother John A.H. Powell served in the legislative assembly for Upper Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21434225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434225" title="Szilágy">
Szilágy

Szilágy may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21434230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434230" title="Csanád">
Csanád

Csanád, also Chanadinus or Cenad, was the first head "(comes)" of Csanád County in the Kingdom of Hungary in the first decades of the 11th century.
Csanád defeated and killed Ajtony who had ruled over the region now known as Banat (in Romania and Serbia). Csanád County and its capital (Cenad, in Hungarian "Csanád") were named after him.
Life.
The anonymous author of the 13th-century "Gesta Ungarorum" states that Csanád was the nephew of King Stephen I of Hungary (1000/1001-1038) "(nepos regis)" and his father’s name was Doboka. According to the "Long Life of St Gerard", an early 14th century compilation of different sources, Csanád was a pagan in the service of Ahtum.
Ahtum, whose residence was at "“urbs Morisena”" on the Mureş River, controlled traffic along the river and taxed transport of salts from Transylvania to the heartland of Pannonia. It was in relation to salt that Ahtum found himself in conflict with Stephen, the newly proclaimed king of Hungary. According to the "Long Life", Csanád had been loyal to Ahtum, but later switched sides and at the head of a large army sent by King Stephen I eventually defeated and killed Ahtum. Csanád was subsequently given substantial grants of land in the newly conquered territories of his former lord. 
At "urbs Morisena", which was given the name of Csanád, a Roman Catholic bishopric was immediately founded, and Gerard, who had hitherto lived as a hermit in the forest of the Bakony, was invited to be its first bishop. By that time Csanád had been baptized and become the head of the royal county "(comitatus)" organized around the fortress at Cenad. With Csanád’s help, Bishop Gerard began his mission in the region and established a monastery dedicated to St George in a place later called "Oroszlános" (Banatsko Aranđelovo, Serbia), most probably after the carved lions decorating its gates ("oroszlán" is the Hungarian world for ‘lion’). The Greek monks of the Orthodox monastery which Ahtum had established at "Morisena" were also moved to make room for Gerard’s newly established bishopric.
Csanád was the ancestor of the "genus Chanad/Sunad" (Csanád kindred), the site of whose main holdings in Arad, Csanád, Krassó and Temes counties demonstrated a quite remarkable continuity from the 11th to 14th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="21434243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434243" title="Kita-Kokubun Station">
Kita-Kokubun Station


</doc>
<doc id="21434246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434246" title="1781 in sports">
1781 in sports

1781 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Archery.
Events
Boxing.
Events
Cricket.
Events
England
Horse racing.
England

</doc>
<doc id="21434251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434251" title="Takeshi Furukawa">
Takeshi Furukawa

Takeshi Furukawa is a composer and producer of music for films, television, video games, and advertising campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="21434252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434252" title="Memory Serves">
Memory Serves

Memory Serves is a 1981 album by the New York based No Wave music group Material.

</doc>
<doc id="21434255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434255" title="Black Saturday bushfires">
Black Saturday bushfires

The Black Saturday bushfires were a series of bushfires that ignited or were burning across the Australian state of Victoria on and around Saturday, 7 February 2009. The fires occurred during extreme bushfire-weather conditions and resulted in Australia's highest ever loss of life from a bushfire; 173 people died and 414 were injured as a result of the fires.
As many as 400 individual fires were recorded on 7 February. Following the events of 7 February 2009 and its aftermath, that day has become widely referred to as Black Saturday.
Overview.
Conditions.
The majority of the fires ignited and spread on a day of some of the worst bushfire-weather conditions ever recorded. Background temperatures reached 47 degrees Celsius (116 °F) and northwesterly winds were over . This had been precipitated by an intense heat wave and almost two months of little or no rain. A cool change hit the state in the early evening, bringing with it lower temperatures but gale-force southwesterly winds in excess of . This change in wind direction caused the long eastern flanks of the fires to become massive fire fronts that burned with incredible speed and ferocity towards towns that had earlier escaped the flames.
Losses.
Beyond the 173 deaths, 120 of them caused by a single firestorm, the fires destroyed over 2,030 houses and more than 3,500 structures, and damaged thousands more. Many towns northeast of Melbourne, the state capital, were badly damaged, and Kinglake, Marysville, Narbethong, Strathewen, and Flowerdale were completely destroyed. Houses in the towns of Pheasant Creek, Steels Creek, Humevale, Clonbinane, Wandong, St Andrews, Callignee, Taggerty, and Koornalla were also destroyed or severely damaged, with fatalities recorded at each location. The loss of life on this day was much larger than previous bushfires in the country. The death toll of Black Saturday is almost double that of Ash Wednesday 1983.
The fires affected 78 townships and displaced an estimated 7,560 people. Many of those displaced sought temporary accommodation, much of it donated in the form of spare rooms, caravans, tents, and beds in community relief centres.
Causes.
The majority of the fires were ignited by fallen or clashing power lines, or were deliberately lit. Other suspected ignition sources included lightning, cigarette butts, and sparks from a power tool. Also implicated in the underlying conditions was a major drought that had persisted for more than a decade. By early to mid-March, favourable conditions aided containment efforts, and helped to extinguish the fires.
Background.
A week before the fires, an exceptional heatwave affected southeastern Australia. From 28–30 January, Melbourne broke records by sweltering through three consecutive days above , with the temperature peaking at on 30 January, the third hottest day in the city's history.
The heatwave was caused by a slow moving high-pressure system that settled over the Tasman Sea, with a combination of an intense tropical low located off the North West Australian coast and a monsoon trough over northern Australia, which produced ideal conditions for hot tropical air to be directed down over southeastern Australia.
The February fires commenced on a day when several localities across the state, including Melbourne, recorded their highest temperatures since records began in 1859. On 6 February 2009—the day before the fires started—the Premier of Victoria John Brumby issued a warning about the extreme weather conditions expected on 7 February: "It's just as bad a day as you can imagine and on top of that the state is just tinder-dry. People need to exercise real common sense tomorrow". The Premier went on to state that it was expected to be the "worst day fires conditions in the history of the state".
Events of 7 February 2009.
A total of 3,582 firefighting personnel, mainly from the Country Fire Authority (CFA) and Department of Sustainability and Environment (DSE), were deployed across the state on the morning of 7 February in anticipation of the extreme conditions. By mid-morning, hot northwesterly winds in excess of hit the state, accompanied by extremely high temperatures and extremely low humidity; a total fire ban was declared for the entire state.
As the day progressed, all-time record temperatures were being reached. Melbourne hit , the hottest temperature ever recorded in an Australian capital city, and humidity levels dropped to as low as six percent. The McArthur Forest Fire Danger Index reached unprecedented levels, ranging from 120 to over 200. This was higher than the fire weather conditions experienced on Black Friday in 1939 and Ash Wednesday in 1983.
By midday wind speeds were reaching their peak, and by 12:30 pm powerlines fell in Kilmore East due to the high winds. These sparked a bushfire that would later generate extensive pyrocumulus clouds, and become the largest, deadliest, and most intense firestorm ever experienced in Australia's post-European history. The overwhelming majority of fire activity occurred between midday and 7:00 pm, when wind speed and temperature were at their highest, and humidity at its lowest.
Major fires.
Kinglake–Marysville fires.
The Kinglake fire complex was named after two earlier fires, the Kilmore East fire and the Murrindindi Mill fire, merged following the wind change on the evening of 7 February. The complex was the largest of the many fires burning on Black Saturday, ultimately destroying over . It was also the most destructive, with over 1,800 houses destroyed and 159 lives lost in the region.
Kinglake area (Kilmore East fire).
Just before midday on 7 February, high winds felled a section of power lines owned by SP AusNet in Kilmore East, sparking a fire in open grasslands that adjoined pine plantations. The fire was fanned by extreme northwesterly winds, and travelled southeast in a narrow fire front through Wandong and Clonbinane, into Kinglake National Park, and then onto the towns of Humevale, Kinglake West, Strathewen and St Andrews.
The cool change passed through the area around 5:30 pm, bringing strong southwesterly winds. The wind change turned the initial long and narrow fire band into a wide firefront that moved in a northeast direction through Kinglake, Steels Creek, Chum Creek, Toolangi, Hazeldene, Broadford and Flowerdale.
The area became the worst impacted in the state, with a total of 120 deaths and more than 1,200 homes destroyed.
Marysville area (Murrindindi Mill fire).
According to eyewitnesses, the Murrindindi Mill fire started at 2:55 pm, while Victoria Police twice told the Royal Commission that it commenced at "about 2.30 pm". It burned southeast across the Black Range, parallel to the Kilmore fire, towards Narbethong. Experienced Air Attack Coordinator Shaun Lawlor reported flame heights of "at least 100 metres" as the fire traversed the Black Range. At Narbethong, it destroyed 95 per cent of the town's houses. When the southerly change struck, it swept towards the town of Marysville.
Late in the afternoon of 7 February, residents had anticipated that the fire front would bypass Marysville. At about 5:00 pm, power was lost to the town. Around 5:30 pm, the wind died away, however, minutes later it returned from a different direction, bringing the fire up the valley with it.
Afterwards, a police sergeant said that the main street in Marysville had been destroyed: "The motel at one end of it partially exists. The bakery has survived. Don't ask me how. Everything else is just nuked." Reports on 11 February estimated that around 100 of the town's population of approximately 500 had believed to have perished, and that only "a dozen" buildings were left. Premier Brumby described the situation: "There's no activity, there's no people, there's no buildings, there's no birds, there's no animals, everything's just gone. So the fatality rate will be very high."
Eventually 34 fatalities were confirmed in the Marysville area, with all but 14 of over 400 buildings destroyed. Other localities severely affected included Buxton and Taggerty.
To the south of the fire complex, visitors and residents were stranded at Yarra Glen when fire surrounded the town on three sides. Houses just to the north of Yarra Glen were destroyed and large areas of grassy paddocks burnt.
Investigators initially believed that the cause of the fire that originated near the Murrundindi Mill and swept through Narbethong and Marysville was arson, with several suspects investigated. On 1 April 2009, Victoria Police reaffirmed their view that the cause was arson. However, in June 2011, Victoria Police announced that they now believed the cause of the fire was not arson.
Beechworth fire.
In Beechworth, a fire burnt over and threatened the towns of Yackadandah, Stanley, Bruarong, Dederang, Kancoona, Kancoona South, Coralbank, Glen Creek, and Running Creek. The fire ignited from a felled power line at around 6:00 pm on 7 February, south of Beechworth, before being driven south through pine plantations by hot northerly winds.
The fire destroyed an unknown number of buildings at Mudgegonga, southeast of Beechworth, with two residents confirmed dead. Dense smoke and cloud cover had hindered assessment of the Beechworth fire, but as conditions cleared late on 8 February, aerial crews were able to commence surveys of the situation.
Strong winds fuelled the fire on the night of 8 February, and lightning ignited a new fire near Kergunyah around midday on 9 February. More than 440 personnel worked to contain a separate front that threatened Gundowring and Eskdale, having jumped the Kiewa River. Late on the night of 9 February the greatest threat was to Eskdale, and fires also burnt in pine plantations from the large town of Myrtleford, at the western end of the fire area. While smaller towns to the east, including Gundowring and Kergunyah, remained under threat, the CFA said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of Beechworth and Yackandandah on the northern fringe of the fire area.
By 10 February, firefighters had completed a containment line around the Beechworth fire, and sought to construct more, though the fire continued to burn out of control. By that afternoon, threat messages for the area had been downgraded, though firefighters were tackling a separate fire near Koetong, to the east of the main Beechworth fire, of between . Residents of Beechworth and surrounding towns were advised on the evening of 10 February to expect increased smoke cover as 250 firefighters would be undertaking backburning to eliminate fuel within the control lines.
The Beechworth Correctional Centre minimum-security prison offered up to thirty of its inmates to provide assistance to firefighters; a local DSE manager said that though untrained personnel would not be allowed at the fire front, the prisoners would be welcome in support roles.
Bendigo fire.
A fire to the west of the city of Bendigo burned out . The fire broke out at about 4:30 pm on the afternoon of 7 February, and burned through Long Gully and Eaglehawk, coming within of central Bendigo, before it was brought under control late on 7 February. It destroyed around 61 houses in Bendigo's western suburbs, and damaged an electricity transmission line, resulting in blackouts to substantial parts of the city. One Long Gully resident, ill and confined to his house, was killed in the fire despite the efforts of his neighbours to rescue him. The fire changed direction late on 7 February with the cool change, and headed back towards Eaglehawk; it was contained at 9:52 pm, though it was still burning within containment lines well into 8 February.
A relief centre was set up at Kangaroo Flat Senior Citizens Centre. During the fire, residents from Long Gully, Eaglehawk, Maiden Gully, California Gully, and West Bendigo were evacuated and advised to assemble at the centre. A town meeting was held for the affected residents on 8 February. On the same day, Victoria Police indicated that they were investigating whether arson was the cause of the fire.
The CFA initially suspected that the most likely cause was a cigarette butt discarded from a car or truck along Bracewell Street in Maiden Gully. However, the arson squad and local Bendigo detectives spent 9 February investigating the fire scene, and while they could not determine exactly what had caused the fire as of 10 February, they suspected arson. On 10 June 2009, Victoria Police announced that they were 'completely satisfied' that the fire had been deliberately lit.
On 2 February 2010, police announced that the taskforce investigating the arson had arrested two youths in relation to the Bendigo fires. The youths, aged 14 and 15, were each charged with arson causing death, deliberately lighting a bushfire, lighting of a fire on a day of total fire ban and lighting of a fire in a country area during extreme weather conditions. They were also charged with multiple counts of using telecommunications systems to menace, harass and offend as well as 135 counts each of arson.
On 7 November 2011, the Victorian Supreme Court Justice, Paul Coghlan, on advice from the prosecutor, Steven Milesi, found that the two youths were unfit to stand trial before a jury due to their intellectual disabilities.
Redesdale fire.
In Redesdale, southeast of Bendigo, a fire starting west of the town burnt and destroyed twelve houses and various outbuildings. The fire threatened the towns of Baynton and Glenhope. Glenhope was threatened again on 9 February from a smaller fire that broke away from the main front, resulting in extra fire crews being brought in from Bendigo and Kyneton. The fire was contained by 10 February.
Bunyip State Park fire.
A fire started at Bunyip Ridge in the Bunyip State Park on 4 February, originating near walking tracks; it was thought to have been deliberately lit. By 6 February, the fire had burned out , and emergency services personnel engaged in fighting the fire feared, despite efforts to establish containment lines in the park, that once the extreme weather conditions of 7 February arrived the fire would escape the confines of the park and threaten surrounding towns.
By the morning of 7 February, the fire had broken through containment lines. According to the DSE incident controller for the fire, the weather conditions deteriorated much more quickly than predicted, stating that "conditions overnight and in the early hours are usually mild, but our firefighters are reporting strong winds and flame heights of five to 10 metres". Ground-based fire crews had to retreat from the fire front as the escalating conditions made firefighting in the bushland terrain impossible. The fire broke out of the park around 4:00 pm, and by 6:00 pm had burnt out of forest and farmland, threatening the towns of Labertouche, Tonimbuk, Jindivick, Drouin, and Longwarry, and embers were starting spot fires up to to the south.
The fire destroyed approximately a dozen houses at Labertouche, Tonimbuk, and Drouin West, in addition to various outbuildings and a factory. The progress of the fire had been stopped by the afternoon of 9 February, though it had burned through . DSE crews conducted backburning operations to ensure containment of the fire on 9 February, warning residents of areas between Pakenham and Warragul about smoke from those fires.
The fire was controlled and co-ordinated at the Pakenham ICC in the Combined Emergency Services building, with CFA and DSE personnel running the operation depending on where the fire was at the time. Pakenham VICSES, who shared the building, also provided assistance during the fire operation.
Central Gippsland fires.
The Central Gippsland bushfires began in a pine plantation southeast of Churchill at about 1:30 pm on the afternoon of 7 February. Within 30 minutes it had spread to the southeast, threatening Hazelwood South, Jeeralang, and Budgeree East, and by late afternoon the fire was approaching Yarram and Woodside on the south Gippsland coast. The cool change came through the area about 6:00 pm, but the southwesterly winds it brought pushed the fire northeast through Callignee, destroying 57 of its 61 homes. The fire continued on to Koornalla and Traralgon South, and towards Gormandale and Willung South on the Hyland Highway. About 500 evacuees from the area sheltered at an emergency centre established in a theatre in Traralgon.
The fire threatened the Loy Yang Power Station, particularly the station's open-cut coal mine. On the night of 7 February, the fire approached the mine's overburden dump, but did not damage any infrastructure, nor did it affect the station's operations. Several small fires broke out in the bunker storing raw coal from the mine, but were contained with no damage. The threat eased by the evening of 8 February as temperatures cooled and some light rain fell. One small spot fire broke out to the south of the power station, but it was contained by water bombing aircraft.
By 9 February, the "Churchill fire complex" was still burning out of control, with fronts through the Latrobe Valley and the Strzelecki Ranges. By late that afternoon, the complex had burnt out and had killed eleven people. Wind changes that evening exacerbated parts of the Churchill complex, causing the CFA to issue further warnings to residents at Won Wron and surrounding areas.
Investigators revealed that they strongly believed arson was the most likely cause of the Churchill fire. A man from Churchill was arrested by police in relation to the Churchill fires at 4:00 pm on 12 February and was questioned at the Morwell police station; the following day he was charged with one count each of arson causing death, intentionally lighting a bushfire, and possession of child pornography. On 16 February, a suppression order was lifted and the accused arsonist was named in the media as Churchill resident Brendan Sokaluk, 39.
Dandenong Ranges fire.
In Upper Ferntree Gully a fire damaged the rail track and caused the closure of the Belgrave railway line, as well as all major roads. The fire, which was contained by CFA crews within three hours, burned at least along the railway.
In the southern Dandenong Ranges, bushfires ignited around Narre Warren, one of which was caused by sparks from a power tool. Six homes were destroyed in Narre Warren South and three in Narre Warren North.
In the weeks following Black Saturday, fires were started in bushland along Terrys Avenue in Belgrave (which was quickly contained and extinguished by the CFA), and Lysterfield State Forest in Upwey. Amongst the damage was the almost new Upper Ferntree Gully CFA Tanker 1.
Wilsons Promontory fire.
On 8 February lightning sparked a fire in Wilsons Promontory which burned more than . This fire posed no immediate threat to campers, but due to excessive fuel and inaccessibility authorities chose to evacuate the park, with some campers being evacuated by boat.
At a community meeting on 11 February, DSE and Parks Victoria authorities revealed a plan to back-burn across the entrance to the promontory, in order to prevent any possibility of the fire burning out of the park and into farmland and towards the towns of Yanakie and Sandy Point. Crikey reported that locals were divided on the merits of the plan, some concerned as to why the back-burning had not been carried out earlier, and some worried at the large scale of the proposed burns, which were reported to be larger than both the existing fire as well as the April 2005 fires that affected the park Strong easterly winds on 12 February forced authorities to postpone the proposed burns lest they themselves pose a danger to surrounding communities, though they did proceed with preparatory work.
Maroondah/Yarra fires.
The "Maroondah/Yarra complex" was a combination of several fires that had earlier been burning to the east of Healesville and Toolangi on 10 February, as part of the greater Kilmore East – Murrindindi complex south. By late that morning, the complex had burned out , with 184 personnel and 56 tankers responding to the fires. A CFA spokesperson said that while temperatures had cooled, strong winds were proving problematic, with towns in the area being threatened by embers blown from the fires. Around midday, the immediate threat to property in the areas around Healesville was downgraded, though a DSE spokesperson said that residents should be mindful of localised changes in the weather.
Horsham fire.
The Horsham fire burnt , including the golf club and eight homes. Two firefighters from the Dimboola brigade narrowly escaped when their ute was engulfed by fire.
The fire was ignited at 12:30 pm on 7 February when strong winds initiated the failure of a 40-year-old tie wire, felling a power line at Remlaw, west of the city. The fire spread southwest and then southeast, across the Wimmera Highway and Wimmera River, to the Horsham Golf Course, and then to Haven, south of the city. Firefighters managed to save the general store, town hall and school at Haven, though flames came within metres of those buildings. Winds of up to changed direction three times throughout the day, producing conditions described by the local CFA incident controller as the worst he had ever seen. To the southwest of Horsham an 82-year-old woman in a wheelchair and her daughter were collected from her house by a taxi when the fire was no more than away; the house was alight as the taxi drove off, and burned down within minutes.
At 3:00 pm more than 400 personnel were engaged in fighting the fire, as well as two water-bombing aircraft, 54 CFA tankers, and 35 DSE units. By 6:00 pm the front had moved east, and a wind change then pushed it northeast across the Western Highway to Drung, east of Horsham.
Coleraine fire.
Shortly before 12:30 pm on 7 February 2009 a fire started on farmland, northwest of Coleraine in western Victoria. In gusting winds, a corroded tie wire holding a 48-year-old Single wire earth return (SWER) conductor to an insulator failed due to metal fatigue. The insulator was atop Pole 3 on the 12,700-volt Colfitz North spur line. The galvanised steel conductor swung free in the wind, suspended by poles 2 and 4, a span of . It is not believed to have touched the ground, but was pushed into a nearby eucalyptus tree by the strong prevailing wind.
Burning gumleaves fell to the ground and ignited grass, from which the fire grew extremely rapidly in the hot, dry and windy conditions. Over 230 firefighters, with 43 appliances and two water bombing aircraft, worked to contain the fire which burnt . The fire destroyed one house, two haysheds, three tractors, the Coleraine Avenue of Honour, and of fences, as well as injuring livestock, but firefighters were able to save six other homes, including that of the parents of Victorian Premier John Brumby.
The fire threatened to burn through the township, but a wind change around 2:00 pm pushed the fire to the northeast instead. The regional CFA operations officer said of the wind change that "ll that happened within about an hour and we were lucky; we thought it would go through Coleraine, but it headed off at the last minute." At about 6:00 pm the fire was controlled.
A local man was badly burned while helping a farmer move livestock out of harm's way; the man was caught when the same wind change that saved the town pushed the fire in his direction, and he suffered burns to 50% of his body. Within a month the man was making a good recovery after extensive skin grafting by burns specialists.
Weerite fire.
At Weerite, east of Camperdown, a fire burnt , and damaged the rail line between Geelong and Warrnambool. Approximately 3,000 sleepers were burnt across a section of track. The rail line was re-opened by 16 February.
The fire caused unquantified losses of stock, and destroyed several outbuildings, but all houses under threat were saved by CFA firefighters. The fire is thought to have been started by sparking from felled power lines along the Princes Highway, which carried restricted speeds for a short time due to the heavy smoke in the area.
Investigations.
Investigations began almost immediately following the fires to determine a wide variety of things including identification of victims, cause of ignition sources, and assessments of authority responses. A Royal Commission into the Black Saturday bushfires was conducted, a process that was intended to determine the true nature of the background causes, preparation of responsible agencies, circumstances on the day, chronology, and impacts of the events in question.
Forensic.
Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police, Christine Nixon, formed a taskforce to assist in identifying victims, coordinated by Inspector Greg Hough. Around forty police from interstate and overseas assisted with Disaster Victim Identification (DVI). The police were sourced from the Australian Federal Police, Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland, Northern Territory, Western Australia, New Zealand, and Indonesia. New Zealand police also provided four victim identification dogs and handlers.
Criminal.
Arson.
Some of the fires were suspected to have been deliberately lit by arsonists, whose action was described as "mass murder" by the Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. Chief Commissioner Nixon stated on 9 February 2009 that all fire sites would be treated as crime scenes.
On 9 February a man was arrested in connection with the fires at Narre Warren; it was alleged by police that he had been operating a power tool, sparks from which ignited a grass fire, destroying two houses. On 12 February, two people were arrested in connection with the fires, having been observed by members of the public acting suspiciously in areas between Yea and Seymour, however they were subsequently released without charges being laid.
A man from Churchill, Brendan Sokaluk, was arrested by police on 12 February, in relation to the Churchill fires, and was questioned at the Morwell police station, before being charged on 13 February with one count each of arson causing death, intentionally lighting a bushfire, and possession of child pornography. At a file hearing in the Magistrates' Court in Melbourne on 16 February the man was remanded in custody ahead of a committal hearing scheduled for 26 May. Following the hearing, a suppression order on the 39-year-old man's identity was lifted, though the order remained in force with respect to publishing his address or any images of him. Despite the order, several members of the public obtained his photograph from his MySpace profile and published it on the social networking website Facebook along with his home address, and others made threats of violence against him. The man's lawyer said that, as a consequence of that information being published, threats were made against the man's family. The man's ex-girlfriend and her family were also harassed after the Herald Sun newspaper published a photograph and a story about her. On 17 February, after requests from Victoria Police, the man's MySpace profile was removed; Facebook commenced deleting postings containing threats, and deleted a photo from one group.
Looting.
By the morning of 11 February 2009, reports of looting had been posted. Witnesses reported seeing acts of looting occurring at a property at Heathcote Junction, shortly after the removal of the body of a victim from the property. That evening, via a report on ABC Local Radio, a number of residents of Kinglake who had been allowed back into the area to inspect the damage, revealed that a "Looters Will Be Shot" sign had been posted in the town, after a number of suspicious people and vehicles were seen moving through the town. On 12 February, a small number of arrests were made, and charges laid against people in relation to "looting offences", as announced by Police Chief Commissioner Christine Nixon.
Royal Commission.
Premier John Brumby announced in April 2009 that there would be a Royal Commission into the fires, which would examine "all aspects of the government's bushfire strategy".
Casualties.
A total of 173 people were confirmed to have died as a result of the fires. The figure was originally estimated at 14 on the night of 7 February, and steadily increased over the following two weeks to 210. It was feared that it could rise as high as 240–280, but these figures were later revised down to 173 after further forensic examinations of remains, and after several people previously believed to be missing were located.
A temporary morgue was established at the Coronial Services Centre at Southbank, capable of holding up to three hundred bodies. The Victorian Coroner compared this to a similar facility established after the July 2005 London bombings. By the morning of 10 February 101 bodies had been transported to the temporary morgue. The Victorian Institute of Forensic Medicine stated that it could be impossible to positively identify many of the remains.
On 11 February, fire authorities estimated that as many as 100 of Marysville's 519 residents could have perished. By 16 February, over 150 forensic investigators were engaged in searching the ruins of Marysville. A senior lecturer in fire ecology from the University of Melbourne estimated that the fires may have been burning at temperatures of , and concluded that, as a result, the remains of some people caught in the fires may have been obliterated. The final death toll for Marysville was later downgraded to 34 after a large group of residents who remained unaccounted for were officially located.
Among the dead in the Kinglake West area were former Seven Network and Nine Network television personality Brian Naylor, and his wife Moiree. Actor Reg Evans and his partner, artist Angela Brunton, residing on a small farm in the St Andrews area, also died in the Kinglake area fire. Ornithologist Richard Zann perished in the Kinglake fire, together with his wife Eileen and daughter Eva.
Fatalities.
General statistics
Location of deaths:
Locality of deaths:
Injuries.
A total of 414 people were injured during the Black Saturday bushfires. Due to the intensity and speed of the fires, most casualties of the bushfires either died, or survived with minor injuries. There were significantly fewer major burns than in previous bushfires, such as Ash Wednesday. Of the people who presented to medical treatment centres and hospitals, there were 22 with serious burns and 390 with minor burns and other bushfire-related injuries.
National and statewide burns disaster plans were activated. Twenty-two patients with major burns presented to the state’s burns referral centres, of which eighteen were adults. One patient admitted to the Royal Children's Hospital and two at The Alfred Hospital died from their injuries. Adult burns patients at The Alfred spent 48.7 hours in theatre in the first 72 hours. There were a further 390 bushfire-related presentations across the state in the first 72 hours. Most patients with serious burns were triaged to, and managed at, burns referral centres. Throughout the disaster, burns referral centres continued to have substantial surge capacity.
Overall statistics.
It was estimated that the amount of energy released during the firestorm in the Kinglake-Marysville area was equivalent to the amount of energy that would be released by 1,500 Hiroshima-sized atomic bombs. However direct comparisons between explosives and fires in units of energy released is meaningless, as explosives release their energy almost instantly in a fast pulse, in contrast to a fire, which releases its energy far more slowly - over minutes, hours and days.
Beyond the casualty list detailed above, physical damage caused by the bushfires included:
International context.
The Black Saturday bushfires were the eighth deadliest bushfire/wildfire event in recorded history; the top eight fire events have been:
Responses.
Responses to the Black Saturday bushfires included immediate community response, donations, and international aid efforts. Later responses included Government inquiries including a Royal Commission, and recommendations and discussions from a wide variety of bodies, organisations, authorities and communities.
In September 2009 it was announced that Australia's most prominent fire ecologist, Kevin Tolhurst, was developing a new course for the University of Melbourne on fire behaviour. Later that month the City of Manningham announced it was developing the state's first integrated fire management plan in conjunction with the interim findings of the Royal Commission. It is expected that eventually all Victorian councils responsible for both urban and rural land will need to develop such plans, which define fire risks in open space areas, along major roads, and in parkland.
In September/October 2009, it was announced that a new fire hazard system would replace the previous one. The new system involves a six-tier scale to indicating such things as the level of risk and activity of the fire. This standardised "Fire Danger Rating" (FDR) was subsequently adopted by all Australian states in late 2009. Every day during the fire season the Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) forecasts an outlook of the "Fire Danger Index" (FDI) by considering the predicted weather including temperature, relative humidity, wind speed, and dryness of vegetation. On the highest risk days, residents are advised to leave the potentially affected areas.
The RSPCA estimated that over a million animals perished in the bushfires. Additionally, many of the surviving wildlife suffered from severe burns. For example, large numbers of kangaroos were afflicted with burned feet due to territorial instincts that drew them back to their recently burned and smouldering home ranges. The affected area, particularly around Marysville, contains the only known habitat of Leadbeater's Possum, Victoria's faunal emblem, putting this species under further threat.
Forested catchment areas supplying five of Melbourne's nine major dams were affected by the fires, with the worst affected being the Maroondah Reservoir and O'Shannassy Reservoir. As of 17 February 2009, over ten billion litres of water had been shifted out of affected dams into others. A Melbourne Water spokesperson said that affected dams may need to be decommissioned if the contamination from ash and other material were serious enough, and also said that forest regrowth in the burnt-out catchment areas could reduce runoff yields by up to 30% over the next three decades.
In early March 2009, smoke from the fires was discovered in the atmosphere over Antarctica at record altitudes.
Economic impact.
The Bushfires Royal Commission gave a "conservative" estimate of the total cost of the Black Saturday bushfires of A$4.4 billion. This figure included a value of $645 million placed on the 173 lives lost using an accepted method the government uses to value lives, however did not include any assessment of the cost of the injuries received.
The largest contributor to the total cost was insurance claims, which the Insurance Council of Australia reported as $1.2 billion as of August 2010. This figure was composed of 84 per cent for property or contents, and 16 per cent for vehicles. However the report also estimated that up to 13 per cent of residential properties destroyed may have had no insurance, with many more under-insured, thus suggesting that the actual cost of asset damage in the bushfires was considerably higher than that recorded. The report from the commission said that: "... the level of insurance claims is likely to underestimate the true extent of property losses, but it is unable to calculate the extent of this underestimation".
Also omitted from the $4.4 billion figure were the agricultural losses sustained in the fires, and the ongoing impacts on agriculture in following seasons. The Victorian Department of Primary Industries estimated losses shortly after the fires as 11,800 head of livestock, of grazing pasture, and of hay and silage.
As of February 2011, two years after the fires, the "Victorian Bushfire Reconstruction and Recovery Authority" stated that based on figures from the end of 2010, permits had been issued for the rebuilding of only 731 of the 1,795, or 41 per cent of the principal places of residence destroyed in the fires.
Lawsuits.
A class action lawsuit was initiated in the Supreme Court of Victoria on 13 February by Slidders Lawyers against electricity distribution company SP AusNet, in relation to the Kilmore East fire that became part of the Kinglake complex, and the Beechworth fires. A partner at the firm indicated that the claim would centre on alleged negligence by SP AusNet in its management of electricity infrastructure. On 12 February police had taken away a section of power line as well as a power pole from near Kilmore East, part of a two-kilometre section of line that fell on the morning of 7 February and was believed to have started the fire there.
A separate class action claim was expected to be commenced by Gadens Lawyers some time after 16 February, and Slater & Gordon indicated that they were awaiting the report of the to-be-established Royal Commission, expected in late 2010, before initiating any claims.
Also on 13 February, five law firms from Victoria's Western Districts held a meeting to discuss a potential class action in relation to the Horsham fire, which was also thought to have been started by fallen power lines.
Over 600 bushfire victims signed up for a class action lawsuit against Singapore Power, majority shareholder of SP Ausnet. The action alleges the power company failed to fit a $10 protective device on the power line, which contributed to it breaking and starting the devastating Kilmore East/Kinglake fire.
Fire policy.
In the wake of the fires and the mounting casualty toll, there was debate about policies for dealing with bushfires and the management practices that may have contributed to them. Naomi Brown, chief executive of the Australasian Fire and Emergency Services Authorities Council, argued that the high number of fatalities in these fires, as opposed to earlier fires such as the Ash Wednesday fires, was partly attributable to increased population densities on Melbourne's fringes. David Packham, bushfire expert and research fellow at Monash University, argued that high fuel loads in bushland led to the destructive intensity of the fires, saying that "There has been total mismanagement of the Australian forest environment."
In announcing that the fires would be investigated by a Royal Commission, the Premier of Victoria, John Brumby, suggested that the long-standing "stay-and-defend-or-leave-early" policy would be reviewed, saying that while it had proven reliable during normal conditions, the conditions on 7 February had been exceptional. Brumby said that "There were many people who had done all of the preparations, had the best fire plans in the world and tragically it didn't save them."
Commissioner Nixon, however, defended the policy, saying that it was "well thought of and well based and has stood the test of time and we support it". Similarly, Commissioner of the New South Wales Rural Fire Service, Shane Fitzsimmons, said that "Decades of science, practice and history show that a well-prepared home provides the best refuge in the event of fire". Nixon also dismissed potential policies involving forced evacuations, saying "There used to be policies where you could make people leave but we're talking about adults." A former Victorian police minister, Pat McNamara, argued that forced evacuations could have worsened the death toll, as many of the dead appeared to have been killed while attempting to evacuate the fire areas by car.
Building codes.
In response to the Black Saturday bushfires new building regulations for Victorian bushfire-prone areas were fast tracked by Standards Australia. Through the "Department of Planning and Community Development" the Victorian government has published a range of new guidelines and standards for bushfire planning and building.
Based on this information, the "Building Commission Victoria" has released a range of publications to assist with people returning to properties, moving into temporary dwellings, retrofitting existing dwellings, and building new dwellings in bushfire areas. The new standard states that all properties (not just those in bushfire areas) will now require a "bushfire attack assessment", and will be given a Bushfire Attack Level (BAL) rating that outlines the type of construction required. The BAL takes into consideration such factors as the Fire Danger Index, the slope, and surrounding vegetation. BALs range from "BAL-LOW", for properties with no specific construction requirements such as suburban buildings, to "BAL-FZ" for properties in the fire zone likely to experience direct exposure to the fire front, as well as high heat flux and ember attacks.
While a draft national building code for bushfire-prone areas proposed using as the standard for the assumed temperature to which houses are subject when hit by bushfire, fire engineers argued that standards should be based on a temperature. This was in line with existing New South Wales building laws for bushfire-prone areas, although the temperature of fires can actually peak at approximately . The "Australian Building Codes Board" incorporated the temperature in the standard, with the support of the CFA and Australasian Fire Authorities Council.
Banning housing in highest risk areas.
As part of the building codes debate, an expert panel recommended in 2010 that the state government ban housing in the highest fire risk areas, which are some of the most dangerous in the world. Michael Buxton, a professor at RMIT University, said that after the 1983 Ash Wednesday fires the government bought back tens of thousands of lots across the Dandenong Ranges because they were in extremely high fire risk areas; he backed another similar large-scale buyback scheme to move people away from unacceptably high risk areas.
Another member of the panel, international planning expert Roz Hansen, said that she was "disappointed and alarmed" about the decision to rebuild Marysville, stating that it was unlikely that a new development would have been permitted in the area. She went on to say that in parts of Asia people had been forcibly moved out of unacceptably high risk cyclone and flooding areas in the public interest despite the difficulties this involved.

</doc>
<doc id="21434277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434277" title="Bustin' Out (song)">
Bustin' Out (song)

"Bustin' Out" is a 1981 EP by the New York based No Wave music group Material. The vocal here is provided by Nona Hendryx. This single sees the band move further away from their experimental beginnings into a clubier funkier direction.

</doc>
<doc id="21434280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434280" title="Rick Neigher">
Rick Neigher

Richard A. "Rick" Neigher is an American music producer, songwriter, musician and, most recently, an IT media publisher in the cyber-security market. Neigher is also involved with the rock a cappella group Who's Your Daddy!. In March 2014, WYD will sing, both national anthems at the L.A. Kings and Toronto Maple Leafs hockey game at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
He was born in Springfield, Massachusetts, educated at the University of Bridgeport (B.S.), is married, and lives and works in LA.
Credits.
Some of Neigher's non-songwriting credits include:
As a musician, Neigher has credits for:
Songs composed by Neigher.
Releases:

</doc>
<doc id="21434353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434353" title="Aarni Neuvonen">
Aarni Neuvonen

Aarni Neuvonen, properly Vadim Rozenberg, also known under the aliases of Aarni Rozenberg and Vadim Petrov, is the largest ever perpetrator of employment fraud in Estonia. He is known for having collected money with promise of overseas jobs from thousands of people and disappearing after having caused over (estimated) 10 million of EEK of damages in 1993.
Scheme.
Neuvonen published in newspapers (mostly Russian) large and eye-catching ads on behalf of Inter Work Corporation, supposedly established in 1930s headquartered in Jerusalem and Bangkok, offering jobs in hotels, pubs and factories in South America, Arabia and Europe. Job-seekers were charged 2335 EEK in advance; the fee was supposed to cover costs of "foreign passport" (note that this Soviet-era relic had long before disappeared from Estonian jurisprudence), visa, airline tickets and Estonian income tax. At that time, the average salary in Estonia was about 1070 EEK, and due to the aftermath of the crash of the GOSPLAN-governed Soviet economy, joblessness was around 17%. (Due to GOSPLAN's main interest being in the military-industrial plants in Northern Estonia, which had been manned primarily by Russophone migrants from Soviet Union transferred to Estonia specifically to work there, the high joblessness affected particularly Russophone people.)
Neuvonen also spread rumours that the first batch of jobs, supposedly scheduled to start working in Germany, at industrial plants of Kodak, had already been fulfilled — thus implying that the number of jobs was limited, and enticing victims to bribe Neuvonen with 100 USD (about 1200 EEK at the then-current rates) fee for their positions in the queue to be lifted higher.
After enjoying long queues of jobseekers wanting to pay the fee, Neuvonen announced that the visas, air tickets and job permits would be handed over to everybody on 23 March 1993 in the banquette hall of the Viru hotel. However, Neuvonen's office, opened on 10 January 1993, was closed already on 9 February 1993, and documents presented by the jobseekers were found in a garbage bin next to the office's door.
Irregularities in licensing.
In the investigation, it was discovered that on one of the company's supposed offices addresses was wasteland, and the other only held an electricity transmission substation — both places unsuitable for offices. Furthermore, three of the people supposedly investing in the company through its incorporation agreement did not exist.
Damages.
Police estimated that at least 3000 people paid Neuvonen the 2335 EEK of advance fee; some analysts have speculated there were up to 5000 victims. After closure of the office, only 32 000 EEK were recovered from one of the company's banking accounts.
Later sightings.
In 1993, Neuvonen, then using the alias of Daniil Rosenberg was reported to be advertising little-used American and Japanese cars for 1000 USD on Ukrainian TV, defrauding hundreds of people out of an estimated million USD.
In 1994, Neuvonen, then presenting himself as a citizen of Norway, was reported to be offering jobs in Europe to poor people in Bulgaria, defrauding about 400 people out of an estimated million USD.
Status.
Neuvonen was never caught, and has been declared dead due to disappearance by an Estonian court at request of his wife of hurried marriage, whom he had fraudulently sold an apartment on Lasnamäe.

</doc>
<doc id="21434382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434382" title="Semavi Özgür">
Semavi Özgür

Semavi Özgür (born February 15, 1982 in Bulgaria) is a Turkish football player. He currently plays for TKİ Tavşanlı Linyitspor.

</doc>
<doc id="21434393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434393" title="Akiyama Station">
Akiyama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21434405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434405" title="Special Boarding Unit">
Special Boarding Unit

The is a special forces unit established by the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Forces on March 27, 2001 in response to a previous spy ship incursion that occurred on the Noto Peninsula in 1999. The unit was created to perform similar roles to those undertaken by American Navy SEALs and the British SBS. Its structure is based on the SBS. They are based in Etajima, Hiroshima.
Their field involves maritime anti-terrorist duties, including operations where arms are known to be involved. However, their duties and responsibilities overlap with those of the Special Security Team, the Japan Coast Guard's counter-terrorist unit. 
Since the SBU is a special forces unit, any kind of matters regarding acquisition of information on personnel, training and weapons are forbidden since they are highly classified. Its operators are seen publicly with balaclavas on to protect their identities.
History.
After a failed Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Forces mission to stop North Korean spy ships that were in the territorial waters of the Noto Peninsula, the SBU was established with its headquarters based in Etajima, Hiroshima. The unit had conducted some covert training in Etajima without any public knowledge after its creation, including exercises on boarding tactics to enter ships. Training was completed in 2000, a year after the SBU was created. A reported ship that illegally entered Amami Ōshima was seen nearby, which led to the mobilization of the SBU. The ship, however, was said to have been scuttled while the unit waited for orders from the Japanese Defense Agency. The unit had made its existence known to the public in 2007 during a training exercise, which involved the deployment of Howa Type 89-armed SBU operators via RHIBs and SH-60J helicopters.
When the unit was created, it had requested training with the US Navy SEALs, but had not been able to do so due to schedule problems. To resolve this, the SBU had requested training assistance from the SBS to help in founding the unit. However, they have lately been also trained by the Navy SEALs.
Due to the nature of their duties and responsibilities, an amendment had been passed to raise their salaries.
It was announced recently by Yasukazu Hamada that the SBU will be possibly deployed for its first mission to Somalia to engage in anti-Somali piracy operations. SBU operators had left Japan on March 14, 2009 deployed on board the "Murasame"-class destroyer JDS "DD-106 Samidare" and the "Takanami"-class destroyer JDS "DD-113 Sazanami".
Prior to the SBU's overseas deployment to Somalia, the unit had practiced alongside Japan Coast Guard units in simulating a raid on a pirate vessel played by JCG officers without any warning shots fired by SBU operators off the coast of Kure, Hiroshima with a total of 250 people participating, 60 from the JCG.
It was suggested that the SBU could have participated in military operations in Iraq alongside the US military's naval special forces in case of a hostage rescue mission involving Japanese nationals.
Controversy.
Controversy had interrupted from the SBU involved when a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Forces cadet had died during a supposed training exercise prior to admission to the unit, which had consisted of 15 levels of unarmed combat training. The JMSDF has refused to provide more details on the incident, calling them classified material. However, a special committee was established to determine whether the cadet's death was either under murder or an accident. Investigators of the Criminal Investigation Command had assessed the incident.
Reports on the incident have classified the events as a case of bullying by senior JMSDF sailors against junior sailors. But the committee had suggested that the deceased cadet was killed accidentally after receiving a right hook punch by his 14th opponent during the exercise, specifically to the chin. A JMSDF official has told reporters that even though similar exercises are done by other elite forces, the incident itself can be considered as a severe case of bullying. A statement from the JMSDF Staff Office had suggested that the cadet had died in an accident in the course of the exercise. The trainer was fined ¥500,000 for his negligence.
A report released to the public by the JMSDF concluded that the "dangerous drill was conducted under trainers who were ‘‘not skilled enough to guide sailors’’ and ‘‘failed to take precautionary measures to ensure safety.’" 21 officers were punished as a result of the incident.
Foreign relations.
The SBU has been involved in matters involving Asia-Pacific Defense, with representatives sent to the Asia Pacific Defense Forum Summer 2002 and the Asia Pacific Defense Forum 2004.
Formation.
As of 2012, the SBU has four platoons with one main headquarters.
Weapons and equipment.
It is known that the SBU uses the HK MP5A5 and the HK MP5SD6 as their primary submachine guns. Their service rifle is the Howa Type 89, while their sidearm is the Sig Sauer P226R. Sniper rifles were purchased for the SBU under the 2004 defense budget under the JMSDF, but the model has not been revealed to the public. The sniper rifle used is the M24 Sniper Weapon System.
The SBU has access to the use of RHIBs in maritime operations while SH-60J helicopters are used for aerial insertions during shipboarding missions.
Training.
SBU candidates are schooled at the Naval Academy Etajima for around 36 weeks including the Special Security Program, which is taken for a year and 3 months before one is recruited to the unit. The basic education is done at the school while the rest is done with the unit prior to recruitment.

</doc>
<doc id="21434409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434409" title="Journal of Management &amp; Social Sciences">
Journal of Management &amp; Social Sciences

The Journal of Management & Social Sciences is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published since 2005 by the Institute of Business and Technology (Biztek) Karachi, Pakistan). It covers the study of management and social sciences, including finance, history, economics, marketing, human resources, and Islamic banking.

</doc>
<doc id="21434437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434437" title="John A. Green Estate">
John A. Green Estate

__NOTOC__
The John A. Green Estate (also known as the Green-Nissen Estate) is a historic property in Stone City, Iowa, United States. The estate covers of land. The buildings were constructed of Anamosa Limestone quarried from John Green's own local business. The estate was placed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
History.
On March 17, 1868, then a lonely spot in the wilderness, now the site of Stone City, Iowa, John A. Green opened the Champion quarries. For nearly fifty years, the quarries produced steadily, amounting to more than 4.5 billion dollars in sales. 1896 records indicate 1,000 men were employed among the quarries, carving 160,000 loads of stone in a single year with a market value of 3.75 million dollars. In his most productive years (1869-1890s), John Green operated three quarries (known as "Champion 1," "Champion 2," and "John Allen") using nearby Anamosa State Penitentiary labor.
In 1883 Green built a three-story hotel and opera house complex on his estate known as Columbia Hall. It was made of 500,000 tons of stone. The theater offered some of the most well known entertainers of the day. Columbia Hall was purchased in the 1930s and torn down in 1938 to use the stone elsewhere. 
In 1920 of the Green Estate was purchased by Frank Nissen. During the summers of 1932 and 1933 the estate became the location of Stone City Art Colony. In 1932, Grant Wood, Edward Rowan, and Adrian Dornbush established the Colony. With little more than $100 and a number of promissory notes based on the success of the art colony they leased of land on the estate. The parcel of leased land included the Green Mansion, the Ice House and Water Tower. The upstairs portion of the mansion was converted into a dormitory. The rest of the house was used for business offices, kitchen, a sculpture studio and showers for the men. The basement of the ice house was made into a bar called "The Sickle and Sheaf" where instructor/student Dennis Burlingame tended bar. The upper portion of the water tower was converted into an apartment where Adrian Dornbush lived, called "Adrian's Tomb".

</doc>
<doc id="21434448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434448" title="History of Benghazi">
History of Benghazi

Libya's second largest city Benghazi, has a history which extends from when the city was first inhabited in the 6th century BCE to the present day. Throughout its history, the city has been continuously conquered by different Ancient and Colonial forces.
Ancient Greek Colony.
Modern Benghazi lies in the province of Cyrenaica, an area which was heavily colonised by the Greeks in antiquity. The Greek city that existed within the modern day boundaries of Benghazi was founded around 525 BC. It was called Euesperides and was one of five important cities in Cyrenaica known as the Pentapolis — the other four were the chief city Cyrene, its port Apollonia, Taucheira, and Barca. Euesperides was probably founded by people from Cyrene or Barca on the edge of a lagoon which opened from the sea. At the time, the lagoon may have been deep enough to receive small sailing vessels. The name Euesperides was attributed to the fertility of the area, and gave rise to mythological associations with the garden of Hesperides. The city was located on a raised piece of land opposite what is now the Sidi Abeid graveyard, in the Eastern Benghazi suburb of "Sebkha Es-Selmani" (Es-Selmani Marsh).
Euesperides is first mentioned by ancient sources in Herodotus' account of the revolt of Barca and the Persian expedition to Cyrenaica in c.515 BC; the punitive force sent by the satrap in Egypt conquered most of Cyrenaica and reached "as far west as Euesperides". The oldest coins minted in the city date back to 480 BC. One side of the coin has an engraving of Delphi, whilst the other has an engraving of a silphium plant. Silphium once formed the crux of trade from Cyranaica because of its use as a rich seasoning and as a medicine. Euesperides's coinage suggests that it must have enjoyed an intermittent autonomy from Cyrene in the early 5th century, because Euesperidean coins had their own types, distinct from those of Cyrene with the legend EU(ES). An inscription found in modern Benghazi and dated around the middle of the 4th century BC, shows that the city had a similar constitution to that of Cyrene, with a board of chief magistrates (ephors) and a council of elders (gerontes).
The city was located in hostile territory surrounded by inhospitable tribes, and had a turbulent history. The Greek historian Thucydides mentions a siege of the city in 414 BC. by Libyan tribes who were probably the Nasamones. Euesperides was saved by the chance arrival of Spartan general Gylippus and his fleet, who were blown to Libya by contrary winds on their way to Sicily. Another important event in the city's history was the assassination of the Cyrenean king Arcesilaus IV. The King used his chariot victory at the Pythian Games of 462 BC. to attract new settlers to Euesperides, where Arcesilaus hoped to create a safe refuge for himself against the resentment of his own people in Cyrene. This proved totally ineffective, since when the King fled to Euesperides during the anticipated revolution (around 440 BC), he was assassinated, thus terminating the almost two hundred year rule of the Battiad dynasty.
Cyrenaica was a supporter of Alexander the Great and subsequently became part of the Ptolemaic Kingdom. Later in the 4th century BC, during the unsettling period which followed Alexander's death, the Euesperides backed the losing side in a revolt led by the Spartan adventurer Thibron; he was trying to create an empire for himself, but was defeated by the Cyreneans and their Libyan allies. After the marriage of Ptolemy III to Berenice, daughter of the Cyrenean Governor Magas, around the middle of the 3rd century, many Cyrenaican cities were renamed to mark the occasion. Euesperides became Berenice and the change of name also involved a relocation. Its desertion was probably due to the silting up of the lagoons; Berenice, the place they moved to, lies underneath Benghazi's modern city centre. The Greek colony had lasted from the 6th to the mid-3rd centuries BC. The remains of this settlement were discovered in the early 1950s by Mr. Frank Jowett.
Roman Settlement.
Cyrenaica became a Roman province when it was bequeathed to Rome by Ptolemy Apion on his death in 96 BC. At first, the Romans gave Berenice and the other cities of the Pentapolis their freedom. By 78 BC however, Cyrenaica was formally organised as one administrative province together with Crete. It became a senatorial province in 20 BC, like its far more prominent western neighbour Africa proconsularis. The Tetrarchy reforms of Diocletian in 296 changed the administrative structure and Cyrenaica was split into two provinces: Libya Inferior and Libya Superior (which comprised Berenice and the other cities of the Pentapolis, with Cyrene as capital). Berenice prospered for most of its 600 years as a Roman city; it even superseded Cyrene and Barca as the chief center of Cyrenaica after the 3rd century AD. Many structures were built in Roman Berenice, and mosaics were to be found on the floors of several important buildings. A public bath and churches were built in the city later on in its history.
The inhabitants of the city practiced different religions throughout the centuries. During Pagan times, the worship of Apollo was very important in Berenice. Whilst still a pagan city, a Jewish community existed in Berenice around the time the city was first founded after moving from the Euesperides site. It probably contained many poor members, but three Jewish inscriptions found in Benghazi show that a comfortable and even wealthy stratum existed in the Jewish community. There was also a synagogue in Berenice. Despite relative peace, religious strife was not unheard of; a Jewish insurgency in 118 AD had destroyed much of Cyrenaica. Christianity later came to Berenice from Egypt, and many of the early Christians there were non-trinitarian Sabellians and Carpocrations. After the Council of Nicaea in 325 AD, Cyrenaica had been recognized as an ecclesiastical province of the See of Alexandria.
By 431, the whole of Libya was conquered by the Vandals. These Germanic people from Europe quickly set about invading the country under their leader Geiseric with as many as 80,000 settlers in tow. They sacked Cyrenaica in the 5th century, and Berenice became part of their empire. The Romans recognised the Vandal ascendancy, as long as civil administration remained in Roman hands. Berenice suffered enormous damage during the Vandal invasion.
There was a brief period of repair when the Byzantines took control of Berenice in the 6th century AD and the city came under the rule of Justinian I. According to Procopius, Justinian rebuilt the walls of Bernice and also built a public bath. After later reorganisation by Byzantine Emperor Maurice (582-602), Cyrenaica belonged to the province of Egypt. In general, Byzantine control over the region was weak, except in Berenice and other urban areas which were relatively under control. Berber rebellions were frequent in the insecure hinterland, and later reduced the area to anarchy. The potential prosperity of Berenice was thus squandered. Byzantine Rule was deeply unpopular, not least because taxes were increased dramatically in order to pay for military upkeep, while Berenice and other cities were left to decay.
The Arabs and the Advent of Islam.
Islam came to North Africa at a moment when there was nothing of a calibre sufficient to oppost it, while there were many native elements favourable to its advance. The Romans were largely obliterated except in Berenice and the rest of the small area under Byzantine rule. Civilisation in Berenice was almost extinct, due to depopulation under the Emperor Trajan in the 2nd century fearful of a Jewish rishing, and its equally fearful suppression. The towns were deserted and prey to marauding bands of Berbers. Berber peasantry was exploited by crushing taxation and were keen for new rule. The official Church had alienated the mass of the population by its intransigent attitude to what it considered as heresies.
In the year 642, the Treaty of Alexandria was concluded between 'Amr ibn al-'As and the Patriarch Cyrus, the last Byzantine governor of Egypt, ratifying the conquest of his territory by the Arabs. Shortly thereafter, on 17 September 642, the last Byzantine garrison evacuated Alexandria. 
But Amr ibn alAs, the conqueror of Egypt, thought it necessary to annex Cyrenaica as well. Since the last reorganisation by the Emperor Maurice (582-602), Cyrenaica had in fact belonged to the province of Egypt, as had Tripolitania. 'Amr marched on Cyrenaica at the beginning of 643, and seized it almost without meeting any resistance. He found neither Greeks nor Byzantines to oppose him, only Berbers of the Luwata and Hawwara groups. These, surrendering, agreed to pay an annual tribute of 13,000 dinars, whch henceforth constituted part of the tribute payable by Egypt.
By then Berenice had dwindled to an insignificant village among magnificent ruins. It began to be known by its Arabic name Barneeq.
In the 13th century, the small settlement became an important player in the trade growing up between Genoese merchants and the tribes of the hinterland. In 16th century maps, the name of Marsa ibn Ghazi appears.
Ottoman Province.
Benghazi had a strategic port location, one that was too useful to be ignored by the Ottomans. 
It was in 1578 that the Turks invaded Benghazi and it was ruled from Tripoli by the Karamanlis from 1711 to 1835, then it passed under direct Ottoman rule until 1911. Under Ottoman rule, Benghazi was the most impoverished of the Ottoman provinces. It had neither a paved road nor telegraph service, and the harbor was too silted to permit the access of shipping. Greek and Italian sponge fishermen worked its coastal waters. In 1858, and again in 1874, Benghazi was devastated by bubonic plague.
Italian Invasion.
In 1911, Benghazi was invaded by the Italians, and by 1912 they had established the colony of Cyrenaica. The local population of Cyrenaica under the leadership of Omar Mukhtar resisted the Italian occupation. Cyrenaica suffered ruthless oppression, particularly under the fascist dictator Mussolini; about 125,000 Libyans were forced into concentration camps, about two-thirds of whom perished.
The Italians modernised and expanded the port, and developed the city, constructing a district of white Italianate villas and other buildings by the shore. Benghazi grew as an administrative and commercial centre, and by the start of World War II was home to about 22,000 Italians.
Modern Benghazi.
Heavily bombed in World War II, Benghazi was later rebuilt with the country's newly found oil wealth as a gleaming showpiece of modern Libya. 
On 15 April 1986 US Airforce and Navy planes bombed Benghazi and Tripoli. President Ronald Reagan justified the attacks by claiming Libya was responsible for terrorism directed at the USA, including the bombing of La Belle discotheque in West Berlin ten days before.
In February 2011 Benghazi was the scene of anti-government protests which caused numerous killings by paramilitary internal security forces and commando teams, and the burning down of the houses of those suspected of anti-Gaddafi regime sympathies. Beginning in late February 2011, Benghazi was no longer under control of the government in Tripoli, but was under the National Transitional Council of Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="21434454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434454" title="Maovice">
Maovice

Maovice is a small village in Split-Dalmatia county, Croatia. Maovice is a settlement in the Vrlika municipality, and has a population of 494. The majority of the population are Croats.
Location.
Located in inland Dalmatia, west from the town of Vrlika, on the route between towns of Drniš and Vrlika, Maovice spread on 27.57 km2 most on plateau Maovičko field "(Maovičko polje)", on altitude of approximate 640–700 m, just under north base of mountain Svilaja.
History.
In the 17th century Maovice was largely settled by new inhabitants from Croatia and Bosnia. Austrians gave to the new inhabitants land in exchange for fighting against the Ottomans.
From 1869 to 1889 the settlement was called "Mahovice", and from 1890 to 1910 "Mavice". It consists of two villages, Gornje Maovice and Donje Maovice.
Parts of a settlement are hamlets: 
Between Gornje and Donje Maovice there is a small Catholic Church ("crkva sv. Jure"), which was built in 1901 on the foundations of an older Croatian Roman Catholic Church, of which there is only the rest of the wall facades left. The church is a one-longitudinal-nave structure and the external dimensions of the nave are 15x8 m. Sanctuary is square apses with dimensions of 4.5x6 m. A new bell-tower was added recently. In village there is an old Stechak, but it is unknown from what period. 
In the 20th century at some point, Maovice had more than 1500 inhabitants. Some of them left because of poverty, others left to educate and work in bigger towns. Last depopulate was as a result of war. As part of Operation Storm Maovice was liberated by the Croatian Army on August 6, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21434467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434467" title="Intonarumori (album)">
Intonarumori (album)

Intonarumori is a 1998 album by the New York based no wave music group Material.

</doc>
<doc id="21434483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434483" title="Vittilapuram">
Vittilapuram

Vittilapuram is a village in Thoothukudi district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is around 15 kilometers from Tirunelveli junction, and 2 kilometers from Vasayappapuram Vilaku which is on the Tirunelveli-Thoothukudi highway, NH 7A. The place names comes from Sri Panduranga Vittalar temple. It was built by King Vittalarayar under the jurisdiction of Empire Sri Krishnadeva Rayar on 1547 AD.
About the Temples in the Village.
Vandimalachi Ammam Kovil (village deity) and Bala Vinayagar.Petchiamman kovil, Ilangamani sastha koil.In Canal Bridge,All Youth stay in the Bridge there. This bridge is Very old bridge like 130 years. But now the bridge was removed & new bridge was constructed
Sri Panduranga Vittalar temple.
occasion as it was celebrated almost after 106 years with the full support of Sringeri Saradha peetam, Sringeri, Karnataka. This temple has a rich collection
of stone carvings. Each Tamil calendar Thai month (January English calendar),
Laksharchanai is celebrated. The temple has been visited by Great Saints of Maharashtra
viz Namadev, Duggaram and Haridas Kiri. Till date, two Bahavathamela was organized by
respectively Sri Namaji and Sri Ganapathy Duggaram Maharaj.
Nava-Thirupathi.
visited by pilgrims during Vaikunda Eaka thesi."
How to reach this place.
or Tirunelveli-Tirchendur (Seyadunganallur) highway.
Geography.
Vittilapuram is located at .
Places of interest.
Nearby Famous places Tiruchendur, Krishnapuram, Karunkulam

</doc>
<doc id="21434484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434484" title="Live from Soundscape (Material album)">
Live from Soundscape (Material album)

Live from Soundscape is a 1994 released album of a live 1981 performance by the New York based No Wave music group Material.

</doc>
<doc id="21434493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434493" title="The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre">
The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre

The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre is an American anthology series that aired live on NBC Mondays at 8 pm EST from September 27, 1948 to June 26, 1950. Guests who appeared on the series included Faye Emerson, Edward Everett Horton, Basil Rathbone, Nina Foch, and Boris Karloff.
Episode status.
One episode from October 1949 is stored at the Library of Congress, along with three other episodes from that year, plus an episode from 1950. There are five kinescope recordings of 1948 programs also archived at Library of Congress, and an interview with one of the people involved in the production appears on the Archives of American Television Web Site. However, these aging 64+ year old kinescope film prints have yet to be transferred to modern media to ensure the survival of the episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="21434495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434495" title="Live in Japan (Material album)">
Live in Japan (Material album)

Live in Japan is a 1993 live album by the New York based No Wave music group Material.

</doc>
<doc id="21434496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434496" title="Ministry of Agriculture and Agrarian Reform (Syria)">
Ministry of Agriculture and Agrarian Reform (Syria)

The Ministry of Agriculture and Agrarian Reform () is a government ministry office of the Syrian Arab Republic, responsible for agriculture affairs in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="21434504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434504" title="Ciné First">
Ciné First

Ciné First is a French television channel, part of the AB Groupe which shows exclusive films, oriented towards an adult audience.
The channel is broadcast on satellite networks Bis Télévisions and AB Groupe. It is also available via ADSL operator Free. The channel occupies the same position as the defunct Cinébox, which broadcast between September 2002 and August 2004.
See also.
Bis Télévisions

</doc>
<doc id="21434514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434514" title="Ethnic Cleansing (video game)">
Ethnic Cleansing (video game)

Ethnic Cleansing (2002) is a computer game developed by Resistance Records, an underground music label owned by the National Alliance specializing in Neo-Nazi and white supremacist bands. The game was developed using Genesis3D, an open source game engine.
Plot.
In the game, the protagonist (the player can choose either a neo-Nazi or a Klansman) runs through a ghetto killing African-Americans and Latinos, before descending into a subway system to kill Jews. Finally he reaches the "Yiddish Control Center", where a fictionalized version of Ariel Sharon, then Prime Minister of Israel, is directing plans for world domination. The player must kill him to win the game.
Controversy.
The Anti-Defamation League publicized the existence of the game and unsuccessfully lobbied the developers of Genesis3D to change their licensing conditions to prohibit the use of the engine to develop racist games. They have also lobbied the Interactive Digital Software Association to encourage their members to adopt such policies.
Stuff Magazine named Ethnic Cleansing the 40th most controversial video game of all time in January 2003. In 2010, UGO ranked it as the #1 most racist video game in history.
Sequels and similar games.
A sequel called "White Law" was released by the same developer in June 2003 with a similar premise, where the player assumes the role of a police officer going postal. It, however, attracted much less attention than "Ethnic Cleansing". Both "White Law" and "Ethnic Cleansing" can only be ordered directly from Resistance Records.
Another game, "ZOG's Nightmare" was made by Jim Ramm, a former National Socialist Movement member. Both "Ethnic Cleansing" and "ZOG's Nightmare" have similar premises. "ZOG's Nightmare" however, is much larger, having 8 levels instead of "Ethnic Cleansing'"s two.
Initially, Resistance Records intended to create a similar line of games based on the events of the "Turner Diaries", however only "White Law" and "Zog's Nightmare" have been released so far.

</doc>
<doc id="21434532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434532" title="Ministry of Education (Syria)">
Ministry of Education (Syria)

The Ministry of Education () is a government ministry office of the Syrian Arab Republic, responsible for education in Syria. However, the ministry is only responsible for the lower levels of education, while the Ministry of Higher Education is responsible for higher levels. Its office library contains some 13,000 volumes as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21434545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434545" title="Gaspar Bergman">
Gaspar Bergman

Gaspar Bergman is a Canadian film director and screenwriter.He studied film directing at the Beijing Film Academy and is a graduate of Harvard University and the University of Oxford 

</doc>
<doc id="21434548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434548" title="Seven Souls">
Seven Souls

Seven Souls is a 1989 album by the New York based music group Material.
The album was re-released in 1997 with bonus tracks, three re-mixes that were added to the beginning of the album. In 1998, a new title, "The Road to the Western Lands", was issued, composed of new mixes of the tracks.
"Equation" / "Ineffect" was released as a single in 1989 (Virgin America, PR 3380).
Track listing.
Seven Souls (Remix).
The rest of the album as per the original release
In popular culture.
The track "Seven Souls" is featured in the opening scene and in the closing credits of "The Sopranos" Season 6 episode, "Members Only".

</doc>
<doc id="21434549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434549" title="Camera Headlines">
Camera Headlines

Camera Headlines was an early American television series that aired from January 1948 to 1949 on the DuMont Television Network.
Broadcast history.
DuMont's previous national news program, "The Walter Compton News", had premiered on DuMont station WTTG in June 1947, then on the DuMont network on August 25, 1947, but was off the air by January 1948. This show had movie publicist Compton (1912-1959) reading news from a script with the occasional use of slides.
Premiering in January 1948, "Camera Headlines" was an attempt by DuMont to present a TV news program using newsreel film footage. As with some other early television programs, there is conflicting information about the show, with some sources reporting that the series was 30 minutes long, while other sources stating it was 15 minutes long. "Camera Headlines" aired Monday through Friday at 7:30 pm Eastern Time, with "I.N.S. Telenews" following at 7:45pm on Tuesdays only.
Episode status.
As with most DuMont programs, no episodes of "Camera Headlines" are known to survive. Little else is known about the series, even though it aired on a major United States television network.

</doc>
<doc id="21434560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434560" title="Ministry of Justice (Syria)">
Ministry of Justice (Syria)

The Ministry of Justice () is a government ministry office of the Syrian Arab Republic, responsible for judicial affairs in Syria.
Ministers of Justice.
"Note: This list is incomplete."

</doc>
<doc id="21434565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434565" title="Ministry of Culture (Syria)">
Ministry of Culture (Syria)

The Ministry of Culture () is a government ministry office of the Syrian Arab Republic, responsible for cultural affairs in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="21434577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434577" title="Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes (Canela)">
Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes (Canela)

The Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes (), also known as Cathedral of Stone (, is a Catholic church located in the Brazilian city of Canela, Rio Grande do Sul. It is considered one of the major tourist attraction of the Serra Gaúcha.
Its characteristic style is English Gothic. The church has a tower with 65 meters high, and a carillon of 12 bells made of bronze by foundry Giacomo Crespi, Italy. In its interior are three panels consisting of painted canvases by the gaucho artist Marciano Schmitz, depicting the "Apparition of Our Lady", the "Allegory of the Angels", and "Annunciation". The paintings of Via Sacra were made by Pablo Herrera, a Uruguayan sculptor and restorer of Sacred Art. Wood and clay were used, with the background painting having superimposed images in clay.
Its stained glasses represent the litany of Our Lady. The altar, whose theme is the Last Supper, is a work of art carved in by wood Julius Tixe, a Uruguayan sculptor.

</doc>
<doc id="21434593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434593" title="St. Alphonsus Church, Rectory, Convent and Halle (Baltimore)">
St. Alphonsus Church, Rectory, Convent and Halle (Baltimore)

St. Alphonsus Church, Rectory, Convent and Halle, also known as St. John Neumann Shrine and "Baltimore's Powerhouse of Prayer," is an historic Roman Catholic church complex located in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
The church is based on the design of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna and follows a basilica floorplan. The structure is constructed of red brick with limestone accents in the Gothic Revival style. The nave reaches a height of and the ornate steeple rises above the three-level bell tower. A gold cross caps the steeple.
The Halle is a -story brick structure also in the Gothic Revival style opposite the church across Saratoga Street. It features a center entrance housed in projecting square bay topped by a gable. The adjacent three-story convent and the four-story rectory simple Georgian townhouses of brick. The complex was constructed between 1842 and 1845 and was the first major design by noted Baltimore architect Robert Cary Long, Jr.. From its founding until 1917, the parish was overseen by the Redemptorist Fathers whose members came to Baltimore to minister to the growing German immigrant community. John Neumann was one of the early pastors of St. Alphonsus prior to becoming Bishop of Baltimore in 1860. He was canonized June 19, 1977. Neumann's assistant pastor, Francis Xavier Seelos, served as pastor after his departure and later worked in areas from Connecticut to Illinois and New Orleans. Seelos was beatified April 9, 2000.
By 1917, many of the German immigrants who lived in the area moved elsewhere and St. Alphonsus became a parish for the Lithuanian immigrant community. The church hosts regular Tridentine Masses and masses in Lithuanian.
St. Alphonsus Church, Rectory, Convent and Halle was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21434601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434601" title="Gospodari Na Efira">
Gospodari Na Efira

Gospodari Na Efira is a Bulgarian comedy show which is shown on Nova Television (Bulgaria). It normally airs at 10 or 11 PM EET. It follows the Italian show Striscia la Notizia format.

</doc>
<doc id="21434602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434602" title="Christian Ferdinand Abel">
Christian Ferdinand Abel

Christian Ferdinand Abel (July or August 1682, Hanover, Germany – buried 3 April 1761 (or 1737?), Köthen, Germany) was one of the most famous German Baroque violinists, cellists and especially viol virtuosos.
His father was the composer, violinist and organist Clamor Heinrich Abel. For some time Christian served in the Swedish army of Charles XII during the occupation of northern Germany. There he married the Swede Anna Christina Holm.
Then he went to Berlin, where he was a prominent member of the Hofkapelle of King Frederick I of Prussia. He remained there until its dissolution by Frederick William in 1713. With several of his colleagues he moved to Köthen to work at the court there as a violinist and gambist under Augustin Reinhard Stricker. Abel also worked with Stricker's successor Johann Sebastian Bach. Bach was godfather of his daughter Sophie-Charlotte born on 6 January 1720 in Köthen. In the same year, Abel and Bach accompanied the Prince Leopold on his trip to Carlsbad. It is believed that Bach composed his three sonatas for viola da gamba and harpsichord BWV 1027-1029 probably for Abel to teach Leopold to play the viol.
In 1723, Bach left Köthen to accept a post as cantor at the St. Thomas Church, Leipzig, thus leaving his post in the municipal orchestra free. Abel succeeded him as "Premier-Musicus" of the Hofkapelle. Abel spent the rest of his life in Köthen, where he was also buried.
Abel's son Carl Friedrich Abel born in 1723 in Köthen was also a productive and known composer and gamba virtuoso. But he was most known for founding the London Bach-Abel concerts in collaboration with Johann Christian Bach, the first subscription concerts in England. His oldest son Leopold August Abel was also a composer and violinist

</doc>
<doc id="21434604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434604" title="Nigeria–Pakistan relations">
Nigeria–Pakistan relations

Nigeria–Pakistan relations refers to the bilateral relations between the nations of Pakistan and Nigeria. Pakistan has a High Commission in Abuja and Nigeria has an embassy in Islamabad, as well as a Consulate-General in Karachi. Pakistani government plans to open trade mission in Lagos, while Nigeria was expected to open its trade mission in Karachi. The two states have maintained a close relationship, a relationship which is described by the Nigerian Defence Minister as "friendly" and like a "family tie"
History.
Relations between Pakistan and Nigeria are friendly, affable and strong. In January 2009, Nigeria's Minister of Defense, Shittima Musa, announced that "Nigeria and Pakistan would continue to maintain closer relations" and stated that the two countries have also declared to forge closer military ties, especially in the areas of military training and transfer of technology.
Nigeria and Pakistan are both members of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
Cooperation.
Nigeria and Pakistan have a number of bilateral agreements. Among the most significant, they agreed to cooperation on law enforcement, particularly with regards to narcotics shipping
The presidents met in New York at the United Nations headquarters prior to a session of the General Assembly in September 2004.
The two nations maintain good trade relations, with visits by trade delegations, including a significant visit from Nigeria to the Islamabad Chamber of Commerce in order to hold talks with the Chamber's President. In the talks, the two parties discussed an increase in bilateral trade and the possibility of entering into joint ventures, such as in textiles, pharmaceuticals and other areas in order to increase the volume of trade between the two.
A similar meeting took place in December 2005, where the leader of the delegation stated that "active co-operation in trade was imperative to increase the trade volume of the two sides". Other meetings were conducted in January 2006 and, more recently and more significantly, March 2008, in which diplomats emphasised the importance of increasing bilateral trade- at the time of the meeting, Pakistan's exports to Nigeria stood at US$23.2 million, whereas, in the same period, imports from Nigeria were around US$10 million
However, defence is the area in which both countries are most keen to develop their relations. Indeed, in January 2009, the Nigerian Defence Minister vowed to further develop their relationship after a visit by the Pakistani High Commissioner.
Trade links.
Bilateral trade between Nigeria and Pakistan reached US$56 million in 2010. Pakistan exported $37million worth of goods to Nigeria while it imported $19 million worth of goods from the Nigeria. Pakistan main export items included textile garments, home appliances, surgical equipment and rice.
Military cooperation.
Throughout the relationship, meetings have taken place between the defence ministries of Pakistan and Nigeria, including those between Defence Ministers themselves and high-ranking military officials. For example, in June 2008, Nigeria's Admiral G.T.A. Adekeye, the chief of Nigeria's naval staff held talks with the Pakistani Defence Secretary. Perhaps of greater significance, the then head of the Nigerian Army met with then Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf in September 2004, with the objective of " existing excellent relations enjoyed between the two armies"
With the close ties of the two nations and Pakistan's nuclear capability, there has been consideration given to the possibility of Nigeria purchasing nuclear arms. In the Pakistani chairman of joint chiefs of staff said " is working out the dynamics of how they can assist Nigeria's armed forces to strengthen its military capability and to acquire nuclear power", a statement which proved somewhat controversial, particularly in Washington, D.C., where members of the Bush administration were reportedly "baffled". 
The statement regarding nuclear cooperation was later retracted, with a spokesman for the Pakistani Interior Ministry claiming it was "incorrect" and that nuclear weapons were not intended to be a part of the offer and Nigeria has since denied it is seeking a nuclear capability.
More recently, a Pakistani Government advisor has said that the involvement of the Pakistani military in Nigeria was important for the latter's stability, with Nigerian officers being sent to Pakistan for training.
Defense ministers of both Pakistan and Nigeria have also signed a Memorandum of Undersigned (MoU) to enhance defence collaboration

</doc>
<doc id="21434617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434617" title="The Roar of the Rails">
The Roar of the Rails

The Roar of the Rails is an American children's television series that aired on CBS from October to December 1948, and in October to December 1949. Each episode is 15 minutes long and was essentially a live commercial for the A. C. Gilbert Company. The series is notable as being one of the first infomercials to air on a major television network. 
Overview.
To sell American Flyer electric trains and other A.C. Gilbert products, the live series appeared for the eight weeks leading to Christmas 1948 and again in 1949. The format featured a retired railroad worker reminiscing dramatically about olden times. Each story featured actors plus in-studio electric trains and elaborate layouts to substitute for authentic train footage as the old-timer told his grandson exciting stories of earlier times in railroading.
Episode status.
Seven 1949 kinescoped episodes of the series exist at the Library of Congress in the J. Fred and Leslie W. MacDonald Collection. The episodes contain complete commercials for American Flyer electric trains, Erector sets, Microscopes,and Chemistry sets.
The episodes include: 

</doc>
<doc id="21434618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434618" title="2003–04 Greek Cup">
2003–04 Greek Cup

The Vodafone Greek Cup 2003–04 was the 62nd staging of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.

</doc>
<doc id="21434632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434632" title="Carl Emil Doepler">
Carl Emil Doepler

Carl Emil Doepler (1824–1905) was a German painter, illustrator and costume designer. He created the costumes for Richard Wagner's opera "Der Ring des Nibelungen" at the Bayreuth Nibelungenfestspiel in 1878.
His son, Emil Doepler, was also an artist.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21434641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434641" title="Guo Tao (actor)">
Guo Tao (actor)

Guo Tao (; born December 17, 1969) is a Chinese actor.
Guo was born in Beijing. He graduated from Central Academy of Drama in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21434642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434642" title="Hotel Marriott">
Hotel Marriott

Hotel Marriott may refer to hotels owned by Marriott International including:

</doc>
<doc id="21434648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434648" title="Rob Steen">
Rob Steen

Rob Steen is the illustrator of the books "Flanimals", "More Flanimals", "Flanimals of the Deep", "" and Flanimals Pop-Up. Other work includes "Erf", and "The Thing's in Ted's Head".

</doc>
<doc id="21434650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434650" title="Guo Tao">
Guo Tao

Guo Tao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21434659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434659" title="Hillend, Fife">
Hillend, Fife

Hillend is a small village in Fife, Scotland. It is located roughly to the north-west of Dalgety Bay. 

</doc>
<doc id="21434662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434662" title="Katherine Bryan">
Katherine Bryan

Katherine Bryan became Principal Flute of the Royal Scottish National Orchestra in Spring 2003, a position to which she was appointed at the age of 21.
Born in 1982, she was educated at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester. In 1997, whilst there, Bryan won the Audi Young Musician competition, the only wind player ever to do so, after performing the Nielsen concerto with the Orchestra of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields conducted by Daniel Harding. The performance was broadcast live on Classic FM. She was a woodwind finalist in the BBC TV Young Musicians competition in 1998, 2000 and 2002, and a prizewinner in the 1999 Royal Overseas League Competition. Later that year she won the Royal Philharmonic Society's Julius Isserlis Scholarship, which enabled her to study at Juilliard School in New York from 2000 until graduation in 2003. Bryan was featured in The Times as a Great British Hope - a Rising Star in the Arts Firmament.
In 2001, Bryan gave her Lincoln Center debut playing Mozart's Flute concerto in G major with the Juilliard Symphony Orchestra after winning the Juilliard concerto competition. She has performed with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, the Nuremberg Symphony Orchestra, and spent the summers of 2001 and 2002 with the Pacific Music Festival Orchestra in Japan. Bryan performed Mozart's Flute and harp concerto with the harpist Pippa Tunnell in the 2004 RSNO Scottish Power Proms, and in July 2004, she gave a solo flute recital at the Cheltenham International Festival.
She continues to perform regularly around the UK and abroad. In addition to her position with the RSNO, Bryan has performed as Guest Principal Flute with orchestras including the Halle, the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, the Northern Sinfonia, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, London Philharmonic Orchestra and the London Symphony Orchestra.
Bryan is also a lecturer of flute at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, and runs her own course, Scottish Masterclasses.

</doc>
<doc id="21434663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434663" title="St. Elizabeth of Hungary (Baltimore, Maryland)">
St. Elizabeth of Hungary (Baltimore, Maryland)

St. Elizabeth of Hungary is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The complex developed over the period 1895-1926, and consists of four buildings: a two-story, gable-fronted brick structure erected in 1895 as the original church, parish hall, and rectory; a large stone Romanesque church building constructed in 1912; a three-story convent built in 1922; and a large three-story parochial school which was added to the site in 1926. The complex occupies a city block directly opposite Patterson Park. In 1931, the St. Elizabeth School had the largest student enrollment, 1,500 students, in the archdiocese. The church was founded to serve the German immigrant community in Baltimore.
St. Elizabeth of Hungary was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21434671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434671" title="I.N.S. Telenews">
I.N.S. Telenews

I.N.S. Telenews was an American news program aired on the now defunct DuMont Television Network from 1948 to 1949.
Broadcast history.
Each episode was 15 minutes long, made by International News Service, and aired weekly, each Tuesday at 7:45 pm EST, immediately following "Camera Headlines" which aired Monday through Friday at 7:30pm. 
DuMont's previous national news program "The Walter Compton News" had premiered on WTTG on June 16, 1947, then on the DuMont network on August 25, 1947, but was off the air by January 1948.
Episode status.
No recordings of "I.N.S. Telenews" are known to survive. The UCLA Film and Television Archive has earlier Hearst newsreel series, such as "Hearst Metrotone News" and "News of the Day", and a later series of Hearst newsreels syndicated to television called "Telenews" (1954-1962). Possibly some episodes of "I.N.S. Telenews" exist in these other collections.

</doc>
<doc id="21434672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434672" title="Hispano-Suiza J12">
Hispano-Suiza J12

The Hispano-Suiza J12 was a luxury automobile made by Hispano-Suiza from 1931 to 1938. It replaced the Hispano-Suiza H6.
The J12 was powered by a V12 engine with pushrod-operated overhead valves. The engine initially displaced with bore and stroke both being and, with a compression ratio of 5.0:1, delivered 220 hp at 3000 rpm. Two cars were fitted with long-stroke engines displacing and delivering 250 hp, and several J12s were later upgraded to the larger engine. Each engine block was machined from a single billet.
Hispano-Suiza suspended automobile production in 1938 to concentrate on the manufacture of aircraft engines.

</doc>
<doc id="21434674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434674" title="Madrasapattinam">
Madrasapattinam

Madrasapattinam () () is a 2010 Indian Tamil period drama film, written and directed by A. L. Vijay. The film stars Arya and Amy Jackson, while Nassar, Cochin Hanifa and Alexx O'Nell play other prominent roles. The film released on July 9, 2010. It received critical acclaim and became commercially successful as well.
It was later dubbed into Telugu and released in Andhra Pradesh as "1947: A Love Story".
Plot.
An elderly English woman Amy Wilkinson (Carole Trangmar-Palmer), almost at her deathbed in London, wants to come down to Madras in search of a young man Ilam Parithi (Arya) whom she last saw on 15 August 1947 to return a "thali" (traditional wedding threads) of his mother, which he gave her as a sign of stating that she belongs to India and nobody can separate them. However, after a turn of events, she had married another man from her hometown and thus felt that the "thali" was no longer her property.
Amy Wilkinson arrives in Madras with her granddaughter Catherine (Lisa Lazarus), equipped only with a picture of Parithi that was taken sixty years ago. Wilkinson interrogates various people about Parithi's whereabouts. In the process, she recalls the events when she had first visited Chennai, and the chain of events that took place:
A young Amy (Amy Jackson), the daughter of the Madras Presidency Governor, visits Chennai (then called Madrasapattinam) along with her translator Nambi (Cochin Hanifa) and encounters Parithi, whom she calls "brave man". Parithi, a member of the dhobi (launderer) clan is also an experienced wrestler who trains under Ayyakanu (Nassar). He openly opposes the British officials who attempt to build a golf course in the dhobi clan's dwelling place. He challenges a cruel racist officer named Robert Ellis (Alexx O'Nell), who is also Amy's suitor, to a wrestling match to decide the fate of his clan's home. Parithi is successful, and Ellis vows revenge.
Following a series of secret meetings between Parithi and Amy, love blossoms between them, and Parithi affectionately calls her "Duraiyamma", a polite term of addressing British women. However a major threat comes in the form of independence for India on August 15, 1947, which means that all White officials and their families, including Amy, would have to leave India. On the eve of independence, all of India is celebrating. However Amy and Parithi, determined to be together, run away and are hunted by an angry Ellis and his force. An Indian policeman helps the two of them by hiding them in a clock tower on top of the Madras Central Railway Station, but they are discovered by Ellis. After a fierce fight, Ellis is killed and Parithi is badly wounded. Amy helps Parithi to escape by casting him with a life-raft into the Coovum river, before she is captured and taken back to London. She had never known if Parithi survived, or what his fate was.
Back in the present, Wilkinson is urgently called back to London to have a life-saving operation. But she is determined to find Parithi and, by chance, encounters a taxi driver who assumes that she would want to visit a charitable trust named Duraiyamma Foundation. The driver shows her around the foundation, which has organisations providing free housing, education and medical care (which were all promised to the dhobi children by the young Amy several years ago). She realizes that the Duraiyamma Foundation was established by Ilam Parithi, and named after her.
Then When she asks the driver what became of Parithi, he leads her to his tomb, and reveals that he died twelve years ago. She kneels before the tomb and claims the "thali" (nuptial threads) as her own. She declares "It's mine!" before quietly passing away on Parithi's tomb. Her granddaughter mourns for her, and the taxi driver is dumbfounded to learn that the old woman was "Duraiyamma" herself. The epilogue shows Parithi and Amy (as they were in their younger days) in the afterlife, depicted as a 1940's-style Madrasapattinam. As the credits roll, a series of montage images are shown, illustrating the transformation of Madrasapattinam of the 1940s to modern-day Chennai.
Production.
Development.
Vijay revealed that "Madrasapattinam" was supposed to happen later in his career, but the intervention of producer Kalpathi S. Aghoram helped realise the viability of the film earlier. Vijay had first explored the script in his college days and drew inspiration from an English professor who used to talk to us about the freedom movement a lot, furthering Vijay's interest in history. He visualizes about the people who lived in the pre-independence period of India and explored the concept of how it would have been if an English girl fell in love with an Indian boy, laying the foundations for the script. The script took six months to write, with leading Tamil writer Prabanjan and visits to see independence veterans being helpful in understanding the history of the city of Madras between 1945 and 1947.
Casting.
Arya was finalised to play the lead role and English Miss Teen World winner Amy Jackson was selected after Vijay found a picture of her on the internet and tracked her down.
Filming.
Despite being a period film, the film was finished in eight months and released in July 2010.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of "Madrasapattinam" was composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar and was released on April 4, 2010 by Kamal Haasan and Allu Arjun. Lyrics were penned by Na. Muthukumar. The songs received positive reviews and became a hit.
Tamil Tracklist
Telugu Tracklist
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Kalaignar. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Madarasapattinam" received generally positive reviews in Tamil Nadu. "Indiaglitz" wrote: "Away from the madding crowd of commercial cliches, "Madarasapattinam" is a film that would send positive vibes among those who love meaningful films." "Galatta.com" wrote: "With a brilliant crew consisting of talents from India and abroad, "Madrasapattinam" transcends the language boundaries and takes Tamil cinema to the world arena!" "Sify" stated that the film was a "brave attempt on the part of its makers".
The film's Telugu dubbed version "1947 A Love Story" has received positive reviews from critics, who have added that it might not do well at the box office. Fullhyd.com rated it 5.5 out of 10, calling it a film that looks as beautiful as the erstwhile Madras town in which it is set, but also said that despite being a near-perfect concoction of romance, action, drama and comedy, it is a little too slow and sober for the festive season (during which it was released). 123telugu.com rated the movie 3 out of 5, appreciating its art direction, but saying that it doesn't aim too high in terms of its content. Haricharan item Pudipeddi of nowrunning.com gave it 3 stars out of 5, and said that succeeds in painting one of the cutest love stories of the recent past.
Box office.
The film opened and stayed at No.1 in Chennai box office charts for 3 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="21434680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434680" title="Always (EP)">
Always (EP)

Always is the first Korean EP by South Korean boy band Big Bang, released under YG Entertainment. The lead single is "Lies" (Korean: 거짓말; Revised Romanization: Geojitmal), composed by G-Dragon, and was a no. 1 hit, eventually becoming their break-out hit. It also became one of the most successful singles in South Korea, selling over 4.5 million digital units. The album sold over 87,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="21434689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434689" title="Milunka Lazarević">
Milunka Lazarević

Milunka Lazarević (later Milunka Marković, born 1 December 1932 in Šantarovac, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian chess player and journalist. For many years, she was Yugoslavia's foremost woman player and became a contender for the Women's World Chess Championship.
She was taught chess by her father at the age of fourteen and quickly became recognised as a talent in the game. Progressing to become Yugoslavia's leading woman player, she won the national championship eleven times between 1952 and 1982. It was during this period that she enjoyed a rivalry with compatriot Vera Nedeljkovic, the two regularly placing well in both domestic and international competition. Her playing style developed to be both exciting and imaginative, although there were occasions when this caused her to overplay the position, particularly against weaker players. According to Anne Sunnucks, this often robbed her of first prize.
Among her most notable early results were those from four zonal tournaments; she finished joint third at Herceg Novi 1954, joint second at Venice 1957, joint first at Vrnjacka Banja 1960 and third at Bad Neuenahr 1963. Her best result was to tie for first place at the World Championship Candidates Tournament in Sukhumi 1964. Unsuccessful in the play-off with Alla Kushnir and Tatiana Zatulovskaya, she missed the chance to challenge Nona Gaprindashvili for the Women's World Championship in 1965.
Later achievements included a share of second place at the Ohrid Interzonal 1971 (after Nana Alexandria). There were also outright or shared first places at Wijk aan Zee, Belgrade, Emmen (all 1972) and the Travnik zonal tournament of 1978. In team chess, she competed on board one for Yugoslavia at several Women's Olympiads between 1963–84, winning a silver team medal at Split in 1963. 
Described by Sunnucks as an attractive redhead, Lazarevic spent many years working as a journalist and penned articles on Garry Kasparov and Boris Spassky for the magazine "New In Chess". While her most active playing days subsided in the 1980s, she has not retired from the game altogether, participating at tournaments on a number of occasions in 2006 and 2008.
Lazarevic qualified as a Woman International Master in 1954 and a Woman Grandmaster in 1976. Additionally, she was awarded the International Arbiter title in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="21434704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434704" title="Camino (film)">
Camino (film)

Camino is a 2008 Spanish film directed by Javier Fesser. The film is based on the real story of Alexia González-Barros, a girl who died from spinal cancer at fourteen in 1985 and is currently in process of canonization.
The film is controversial because Alexia's siblings said it was a distortion of the girl's history. They also objected to Fesser's use of Alexia's full name in his dedication, despite him having undertaken not to directly identify her. He calls her Camino ('the way') in the film, referencing 'the way' to sainthood she apparently undergoes. 
More significantly, Fesser portrays the Catholic organisation, Opus Dei, in a negative way, depicting it as an extreme cult destroying families. Fesser suggests that Opus Dei manipulated the tragedy of the young Camino's painful death for its own ends. Her elder sister is an Opus Dei acolyte, deliberately kept from contacting her family. Suppressing open signs of normal maternal grief, the mother seems almost inhuman in urging her dying daughter to 'offer up' her suffering for Jesus. The father struggles to protect his daughter from a concerted effort to canonise her (even before her death) by his wife, elder daughter, and Opus Dei officials. Even the hospital medical staff seem to be complicit in this. Opus Dei said the film was "biased and false" in its presentation of the "attitudes, sentiments and intentions" of the organization's members. 
In a subversive irony, Fesser suggests that Camino's 'Jesus', whose name she invokes, is not Christ, but a teenage boy named Jesus (a common name in Spain and other Spanish speaking countries) on whom Camino has a normal schoolgirl crush. This is shown in dream sequences she experiences throughout the film.
The film won six Goya Awards, including best picture, best director, and best original screenplay.
In reaction to the film, director Pedro Delgado in 2011 released a documentary about the life of Alexia González-Barros, including video footage from her family's archives.
Awards and nominations.
Goya Awards (Spain)

</doc>
<doc id="21434715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434715" title="Jagannath Temple, Pabna">
Jagannath Temple, Pabna

Jagannath Temple located in Chatmohar Upazila of Pabna District, Bangladesh is dedicated to the Hindu god Jagannath. Locally known as the Handial Mandir, the temple was built between 1300 to 1400 CE. The temple is famous for its terracotta sculptures, and has been described as one of the most beautiful Hindu temples in Northern Bangladesh. The temple is incurring damage by high salinity from the soil it is built on.

</doc>
<doc id="21434725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434725" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Men's downhill">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Men's downhill

Complete results for men's downhill competition at the 2009 World Championships. It was run on February 7, the fourth race of the championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21434728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434728" title="Cao Dan">
Cao Dan

Cao Dan (born in 1960 in Wuhan, Hubei province) is a contemporary Chinese painter. Cao Dan graduated from Hubei Institute of Fine Arts, Wuhan, China in 1982, and is currently teaching as a professor there. 
Currently, Cao Dan is working on a series called Butterfly Effect. This title refers to the short story "A Sound of Thunder" (1952) by Ray Bradbury, in which a small change, such as butterfly flapping its wings, causes a series of major changes. Cao Dan projects this idea on contemporary changes in world economics and the sudden resistance to the label "made in China" and all its possible connotations. Additionally, in traditional Chinese culture the butterfly is seen as an analogy of female consciousness. This series represents women penetrating in men's product area. These works are executed in an instantly recognisable style, using bright primary colors.

</doc>
<doc id="21434732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434732" title="Tamás Margl">
Tamás Margl

Tamás Margl (born 18 June 1976) is a retired Hungarian sportsperson who competed in long jump and later bobsleigh. He has competed at both Summer and Winter Olympic Games.
He was born in Budapest, and represented the sports club Tatabányai SC. He became Hungarian long jump champion in 2001 and 2004, and indoor champion in 2000 and 2001. His personal best jump was 8.20 metres, achieved in June 2004 in Tatabánya. He competed at the 2004 Olympic Games without reaching the final. 
Margl later competed in the four-man bobsleigh at the 2006 Winter Olympics. He stands tall, and during his career he weighed .

</doc>
<doc id="21434733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434733" title="Bill Dunn">
Bill Dunn

Bill Dunn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21434738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434738" title="The Gay Nineties Revue">
The Gay Nineties Revue

The Gay Nineties Revue is an American variety series that aired live on ABC Television from August 11, 1948 to mid-1949 on Wednesdays at 8pm ET. The host was songwriter Joseph E. Howard, who was reportedly age 71 at the time he hosted the show.
Production background.
Howard was a popular songwriter and singer, who later had a successful career capitalizing on the nostalgia many had for the "Gay 90's". The series was a hit on radio, before premiering on television.
Preservation status.
At least one episode of this show survives, which can be viewed online at the Internet Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="21434744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434744" title="Sonny &amp; Brownie">
Sonny &amp; Brownie

Sonny & Brownie is an album by the blues musicians Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee. It was recorded at the Paramount Recording Studios (in Hollywood, California, United States) in 1973, and re-released in 1988 with digital remastering by Rudy Van Gelder at the Van Gelder Recording Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="21434768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434768" title="St. Leo's Church">
St. Leo's Church

St. Leo's Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was built in 1880-81 of brick with stone trim, and combines Italianate, Romanesque, and Classical elements. It features a high entrance porch, a turret with conical roof on the north wall, a square bell tower at the northeast corner, a large rose window in the main façade, and a variety of decorative brickwork. It was the first church in Maryland, and among the first in the nation, founded and built specifically for Italian immigrants. The church was designed by Baltimore architect E. Francis Baldwin.
St. Leo's Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21434770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434770" title="Štikovo">
Štikovo

Štikovo is a small village in the Šibenik-Knin county, Croatia. 
Village is located in inland Dalmatia, halfway between towns of Vrlika and Drniš. 
Štikovo has a population of 82, both Serbs and Croats. Before the Croatian War of Independence in 1991, Štikovo had population of 360. 324 of them were Serbs, 30 were Croats.

</doc>
<doc id="21434811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434811" title="Eduardo Ramos Martins">
Eduardo Ramos Martins

Eduardo Ramos Martins (born March 25, 1986 in Caçu), is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays for Clube do Remo.

</doc>
<doc id="21434817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434817" title="The Ted Steele Show">
The Ted Steele Show

The Ted Steele Show is a 15-minute musical variety show which aired on the now defunct DuMont Television Network from February 27 to July 12, 1949. Each episode was hosted by bandleader Ted Steele (1917-1985), who appeared on many programs during the early days of television. 
A previous version of the show aired on NBC on Wednesdays at 8:30pm and then Fridays at 9pm ET during the 1948-1949 television season, with the first show airing September 29, 1948. 
Steele later presented local daytime TV shows under the same title, running from 2:30 to 5:30pm ET, on WPIX-TV and WOR-TV, which hired Steele away from WPIX in July 1954.
Episode status.
The final DuMont episode (July 12, 1949) is in the collection of the UCLA Film and Television Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="21434825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434825" title="Duchess of Hamilton">
Duchess of Hamilton

The Duchess of Hamilton is usually the spouse of the Duke of Hamilton, and may refer to the following specific people:

</doc>
<doc id="21434858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434858" title="CitySurf Globe">
CitySurf Globe

CitySurf Globe is a family of Geography 2.0 Geographical Information System software, developed by PiriReis Bilişim Teknolojileri, known as a new model in mapping servers and interaction with the end user. 
CitySurf Globe family models raster data, such as high resolution satellite images and aerial images, under high speeds using digital terrain model and vector geographical information systems and accordingly serves these via internet or local nets. Prepares geographical analyses and arranges the geographical data thanks to its interaction with the end user.
CitySurf Globe has an OpenGL-based viewer, which connects to the servers for streaming of content, elevation, satellite and/or airphoto imagery, roads, 3D buildings, points of interest, etc. This is similar to Google Earth, Microsoft Virtual Earth, and ArcGIS concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="21434861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434861" title="Jules Cappeliez">
Jules Cappeliez

Jules Cappeliez was a banker and land owner in Houlgate, France. He was elected mayor of Houlgate in 1953 and remained in service for twenty-four years.
He led several projects in the town, council housing, renovation of the "Promenade Roland Garros", the creation of an intercommunal harbour union, construction of a new school canteen on "Boulevard Saint-Philbert", the enlargement of the girls' school, construction of a new boys' school in 1962 followed by the enlargement of the "école maternelle" which opened in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21434878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434878" title="St. Michael's Church Complex">
St. Michael's Church Complex

St. Michael's Church Complex, also known as St. Michael the Archangel Roman Catholic Church, is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The church was founded to serve the German immigrant community in Baltimore. The church is a late 19th-century Romanesque Revival structure, 170 by 80 feet, with a steeple 180 feet high. 
The complex consists of seven main buildings: the Church, Girls’ School, Rectory, Boys’ School, Convent, Brothers’ Residence, and the Parish Hall. It was the oldest continuously operating Redemptorist Catholic church in Baltimore possessing the largest extant, completely intact Redemptorist complex remaining in the city.
St. Michael's Church Complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21434882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434882" title="Pelee Island Winery">
Pelee Island Winery

Pelee Island Winery is a winery in Kingsville, Ontario, Canada. They have a vineyard in the Pelee Island appellation.
At just under 42 degrees North, Pelee Island is at a latitude similar to that of Rioja, Spain, Porto, Portugal, Provence, France, and Tuscany, Italy. It is Canada’s most southerly inhabited point, and has a longer growing season than any other wine region in Canada. The island, in Lake Erie, is 25 kilometres from the mainland. Harvest is early, with picking usually beginning at the end of August. Late-harvest grapes are often in by mid-October. 
Grapes.
The vineyards have grown "Vitis vinifera" grapes, including the following grape varieties:
The vineyards have also grown these hybrid varieties:
Wines.
Pelee Island Winery produces a wide variety of grape wines, and may offer for sale as many as 15 white and 15 red wines, most of them bearing the VQA mark. The winery also offers blush, dessert, and ice wines.

</doc>
<doc id="21434886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434886" title="2008 Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team">
2008 Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team

The 2008 Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team represented the University of Delaware in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) college football in its eighth season as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA).
K.C. Keeler served as head coach in his seventh season since replacing the legendary Tubby Raymond. Since he took over in 2002, Keeler had twice brought the Blue Hens to the FCS championship game, and won in 2003. In 2007, the team lost in the final to Appalachian State. The 2008 season, however, would prove to be one of Delaware's worst seasons in its 117-year history. It is the only year that the Blue Hens have lost eight games.

</doc>
<doc id="21434895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434895" title="Adela Pla Pastor">
Adela Pla Pastor

Adela Pla Pastor (1938 - 16 August 2005, Sedaví, Spain) was a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. (PSOE)
Married, with two daughters, she was the daughter of Vicent Pla, the last Mayor of Sedaví in the Spanish Republican era. Pla joined the PSOE in 1976 and was a minister without portfolio in the preautonomous government of the Valencian Community between June and December 1979. She was selected as a PSOE candidate in the 1979 General Election, being placed eighth on the PSOE list. The party had won seven seats at the previous election, increasing to eight following a merger with the smaller Popular Socialist Party, but the party won just seven seats in the election and Pla failed to be elected. However, as first substitute, she became an MP one year later in February 1980 following the resignation of José Luis Albiñana Olmos, thus becoming the first female MP for Valencia Province in the modern democratic era. She was re-elected in the four subsequent elections in 1982, 1986, 1989 and 1993. She also served as part of the Spanish delegation to the Council of Europe from 1982 to 1987.
After leaving politics, Pla returned to her previous jobs as a teacher and a justice of the peace in her native Sedaví. She died of cancer on 16 August 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21434914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434914" title="List of African-American United States Cabinet Secretaries">
List of African-American United States Cabinet Secretaries

The United States Cabinet has had 20 African-American appointed officers. By definition, African Americans are citizens or residents of the United States who have origins in any of the black populations of Africa. The term is generally used for Americans with at least partial Sub-Saharan African ancestry. Originally, African Americans were cosigned to a status of second-class citizenship or enslaved in America. No African American ever held a Cabinet position before the Civil Rights Movement or the signing of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which banned discrimination in public accommodations, employment, and labor unions.
Robert C. Weaver became the first African American to hold a Cabinet-level position when he was appointed United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in 1966 by President Lyndon B. Johnson. In 1975, Secretary of Transportation William Thaddeus Coleman, Jr. became the first Republican African American appointed to the Cabinet. Patricia Roberts Harris became the first African-American female cabinet member when she was appointed Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in 1977. In 1979, Harris became the first African American to be head of the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, which was split into the departments of Education and Health and Human Services in the same year. Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice's appointments as Secretary of State made them the highest-ranking African Americans in the United States presidential line of succession.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development has had the most African-American Secretaries, with four. The Department of Transportation has had three. The departments of Health and Human Services, State, and Veterans Affairs have each had two. The departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Agriculture, Commerce, Labor, Energy, and Education has each had one. The three existing departments of Defense, Interior, and Treasury have not had African-American Secretaries. President Bill Clinton has appointed the most African Americans to the Cabinet during his tenure, with seven.
African-American Secretaries.
Current departments.
Numerical order represents the seniority of the Secretaries in the United States presidential line of succession.
Defunct departments.
The departments are listed in order of their establishment (earliest first).

</doc>
<doc id="21434919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434919" title="Ciné Pop">
Ciné Pop

Ciné Pop was a French TV channel owned by AB Groupe shown on satellite which showed exclusive films oriented to families and children. 
The channel was shown on the satellite packages of Bis Télévisions and AB Groupe. Broadcasting ceased on 15 July 2008 to general surprise. 
See also.
Bis Télévisions

</doc>
<doc id="21434950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434950" title="Winning Lines (U.S. game show)">
Winning Lines (U.S. game show)

Winning Lines is a short-lived American game show that aired from January 8 to February 18, 2000. Based on the British version of the same name, it was considered as CBS's answer to the success of ABC's "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". "Winning Lines" was hosted by Dick Clark, directed by James Yukich and produced by Stone Stanley Entertainment in conjunction with the British production company, Celador. The announcer for the program was Chuck Riley.
Round 1.
49 contestants take part; each is assigned a two-digit number from 01 to 49. Clark asks a series of six mathematical questions, each with a numerical answer, and the contestants have five seconds to enter their answers on numerical keypads. For each question, the contestant who enters the correct answer in the shortest time advances to the next round. The other 43 contestants are eliminated at the end of the round.
Round 2: Sudden Death.
As in the British version, each contestant carries their number from Round 1 with them into Round 2. Clark asks a series of mathematical questions that can be answered by a number belonging to one of the contestants still in play at the time. If a contestant buzzes-in with the correct answer, the one with that number is eliminated, unless the contestant has answered with his/her own number; all remain in the game in this case. An incorrect answer eliminates the contestant who gave it, regardless of the player's number. A contestant can be eliminated if nobody buzzes-in and Clark announces the correct answer. When only one contestant remains, he or she wins $2,500 and advances to the bonus round, while the other five each receive $1,000.
Bonus Round: The Wonderwall.
The winner has three minutes to answer as many questions as possible, using 49 answers numbered 1–49 as displayed on three projection screens. Each correct answer earns more money, with 20 correct answers earning $1 million.
Before the round begins, the contestant is given 15 seconds to study the board. Like the British version, the contestant has to call out the number "and" correct answer to be given credit. The contestant can also freeze the timer twice for 15 seconds each (called "pit stops") and look over the board again; however, contestants cannot answer during the pit stop. A contestant can also pass on a maximum of two questions. However, if a contestant gives an incorrect answer or is unable to answer within 15 seconds, the contestant received a strike. Upon a contestant's second incorrect answer, or when less than 15 seconds remained in the game, a bailout button begins to glow. A contestant can hit this button at any time and leave with whatever money earned to that point, but if the contestant runs out of time or earns a third strike without bailing out, the contestant loses all winnings from the Wonderwall and leaves with only the $2,500 he or she won earlier.
As in the British version, instead of the three screens in the studio, home viewers were shown a screen that continually scrolled from side to side and automatically jumped to the right place when a correct answer was given (either by the player or by the host in the event the player was incorrect or passed).
The U.S. version offered an at-home game similar to the British version. The ones digit from each of the Round 1 winners' numbers and the ones digit from the number of the final correct answer given during the Wonderwall were shown at the end of the show. Home viewers who could make up their own phone number from those seven digits were eligible to enter a drawing for $50,000.
After dismal ratings, CBS canceled the show after ten episodes, one of which was unaired.

</doc>
<doc id="21434951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434951" title="Fielders Stadium">
Fielders Stadium

Fielders Stadium is a baseball park in Zion, Illinois, nicknamed "A Diamond on the Border" and "Lake County's Field of Dreams," and was home to the Lake County Fielders of the North American League. The ballpark was to be located on the corner of 9th Street and Green Bay Road in the Trumpet Park business park in Zion.
Funding problems.
Before the property for the stadium had been secured, an official groundbreaking ceremony was held on November 5, 2009, at a warehouse adjacent to the ballpark's future site. In February 2010, with construction yet to begin on the land that had yet to be purchased, the Fielders announced that they would downsize their plans for the stadium in order to complete the park in time for its June 11 opening day. Eventually, when the city of Zion proved unable to secure funding for the purchase of the property, the city announced in April 2010 that the stadium site was moved several blocks south to a new location at the corner of Illinois State 173 and Green Bay Road. For the 2010 season, Zion and the Fielders hope to build a temporary facility that will resemble a "county fair" setting while construction continues during the season. Temporary bleachers and party decks will be erected around the field.
Details.
The state of the art ballpark was to have a capacity of 7,000 spectators, and promised box seats, pub style seats, and general lawn seating. The stadium was also expected to feature five luxury suites and a year-round restaurant and banquet hall. The park also planned to feature a Kids Zone, party decks, and a concert stage. It remains to be seen to what extent these features will appear in the new park.
The new ballpark calls for many of the same features, as well as a movie theater and "ballpark village" setting around the stadium. Construction has yet to begin.
2010 season.
The Fielders opened the 2010 season at Carthage College across the border in Kenosha, Wisconsin, because of Zion Ballpark's finance problems. The Fielders would eventually move back to Zion on July 2, playing at a field that was not much more than a field and bleachers. On Monday, July 26, the Fielders played their first night game in Zion, as lights had been installed.

</doc>
<doc id="21434959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434959" title="Clive Lythgoe">
Clive Lythgoe

Clive Lythgoe (9 April 1927 – 4 September 2006), was a leading British classical pianist of the 1950s and 1960s, popular in the UK and the United States, where he was considered to be "Britain's answer to Liberace"
Early life.
He was born in Colchester, Essex, on 9 April 1927, the son of a Royal Army Medical Corps sergeant major. He grew up at Wimbledon, where he sang in the church choir, and disappointed his parents by shunning a career in law or accountancy. At seven years of age he was entranced by the piano player in a Carmen Miranda film. Some years later, he won a piano scholarship to the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, which marked the start of his musical career. Towards the end of World War II, he joined the RAF. By the 1950s, he had become a regular fixture on the concert circuit.
UK career.
Lythgoe was a protégé of Myra Hess, for whom he turned pages. 
His career breakthrough was under Arthur Bliss in 1954, performing the conductor's own Piano Concerto in B-flat at the first of what were to be many performances at the annual Royal Albert Hall Proms. He consolidated his reputation when he performed the premiere of Malcolm Williamson's piano concerto at the 1958 Cheltenham Music Festival. He appeared as a soloist with all the leading British orchestras, under conductors including Sir Colin Davis, Sir John Barbirolli, and Zubin Mehta. 
In the 1960s, he was the first classical pianist to abandon formal concert attire. The stylish collarless suit which Pierre Cardin designed for him attracted the attention of Brian Epstein, who asked if the Beatles could adopt the same style. 
He owned a six-bedroom house in Surrey, a hand-built Bristol 405 sports car, but became increasingly depressive. By the early 1970s, Lythgoe was relying heavily on drugs to get him through performances. During World War II, a bomb had landed in his back garden, decapitating the girl next door and ripping off his piano teacher's arm. Decades later, he claimed to still wake up screaming at the memory. 
US career.
His 1973 Carnegie Hall debut was critically acclaimed, but Lythgoe spent the two days between the recital and the reviews on Valium. In 1976, five hours of back-to-back recitals in New York almost finished him off, and when Herbert von Karajan offered an engagement playing Brahms' second piano concerto with the Berlin Philharmonic, Lythgoe astonished both the conductor and himself by declining. He recalled that he felt he had reached a "musical menopause". A breakdown caused him to abandon performances altogether, and in 1976, he accepted the post of Dean of the Music School Settlement in Cleveland, Ohio, where he became a well-loved figure, appearing again in his own television series, A Touch of Lythgoe, produced by public television station WVIZ, and playing occasional concerts with the Cleveland Orchestra, some of which were conducted by his friend, Sir Colin Davis. 
Later life.
Lythgoe increasingly felt his true mission was to bring music to those not privileged enough to attend concert halls. When he settled in New York City, he became director of Horizon Concerts in New York City, a non-profit organization, and using talented young musicians he gave short concerts mixed with anecdotes to audiences in homeless centres, nursing homes, hospices and schools. He was also the director of the Roosa School of Music, a community music school located on Willow Place in Brooklyn Heights for several years, after which it was merged into another school.
He lived alone in a simple one-bedroom co-op apartment in Jackson Heights, Queens. In 2000, a "New York Times" profile led to renewed media interest and a career revival.
Recordings.
His first Gershwin recording, "Music For Pleasure", scaled the pop charts, and won the British "Record Of The Year Award", an award he shared with Sir Georg Solti and The Beatles. His acclaimed recordings of American piano music were added to the permanent collection of the White House Library by President Jimmy Carter
Television and radio.
In England, his TV series, "The Lythgoe Touch", ran for 85 weeks, consecutively followed by a 52 week BBC radio series, "My Piano and I", and a 26 week television series for London's ITN. Celebrity guests included Gracie Fields, who became a close friend and took him with her to perform in New York. In the USA, he hosted a TV series, "A Touch Of Lythgoe" for PBS.

</doc>
<doc id="21434960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434960" title="Jagannath Temple, Sialkot">
Jagannath Temple, Sialkot

The Jagannath Temple in Sialkot, Pakistan, is dedicated to the Hindu God Jagannath. The temple was built in the city's Paris Road area in early 2007 with a special grant of 200,000 rupees from Punjab Chief Minister Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi.The special grant was given through the minority MPA Joseph Hakim Din due to the efforts of Hakem Ratan Lal Bhagat, Member of the District Peace Committee of and the participation of the Hindu community of Sialkot.

</doc>
<doc id="21434966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434966" title="History of the bikini">
History of the bikini

The history of the bikini can be traced back to antiquity. Illustrations of Roman women wearing bikini-like garments during competitive athletic events have been found in several locations. The most famous of them is Villa Romana del Casale. French engineer Louis Réard introduced the modern bikini, modeled by Micheline Bernardini, in July 5, 1946, borrowing the name for his design from the Bikini Atoll, where post-war testing on the atomic bomb was happening. 
French women welcomed the design but the Catholic church, some media, and a majority of the public initially thought the design was risqué or even scandalous. Contestants in the first Miss World beauty pageant wore them in 1951, but the bikini was then banned from the competition. Actress Bridget Bardot drew attention when she was photographed wearing a bikini on the beach during the Cannes Film Festival in 1953. Other actresses, including Rita Hayworth and Ava Gardner, also gathered press attention when they wore bikinis. During the early 1960s, the design appeared on the cover of "Playboy" and "Sports Illustrated", giving it additional legitimacy. Ursula Andress made a huge impact when she emerged from the surf wearing what is now an iconic bikini in the James Bond movie "Dr. No" (1962). 
The bikini gradually grew to gain wide acceptance in Western society. According to French fashion historian Olivier Saillard, the bikini is perhaps the most popular type of female beachwear around the globe because of "the power of women, and not the power of fashion". As he explains, "The emancipation of swimwear has always been linked to the emancipation of women." By the early 2000s, bikinis had become a US$811 million business annually, and boosted spin-off services like bikini waxing and the sun tanning.
In antiquity.
Pre-roman.
In the Chalcolithic era around 5600 BC, the mother-goddess of Çatalhöyük, a large ancient settlement in southern Anatolia, was depicted astride two leopards wearing a costume somewhat like a bikini. Two-piece garments worn by women for athletic purposes are depicted on Greek urns and paintings dating back to 1400 BC. Active women of ancient Greece wore a breastband called a "mastodeton" or an "apodesmos", which continued to be used as an undergarment in the Middle Ages. While men in ancient Greece abandoned the "perizoma", partly high-cut briefs and partly loincloth, women performers and acrobats continued to wear it.
Roman.
Artwork dating back to the Diocletian period (286-305 AD) in Villa Romana del Casale, Sicily, excavated by Gino Vinicio Gentile in 1950-60, depicts women in garments resembling bikinis in mosaics on the floor. The images of ten women, dubbed the "Bikini Girls", exercising in clothing that would pass as bikinis today, are the most replicated mosaic among the 37 million colored tiles at the site. In the artwork "Coronation of the Winner" done in floor mosaic in the Chamber of the Ten Maidens ("Sala delle Dieci Ragazze" in Italian) the bikini girls are depicted weight-lifting, discus throwing, and running. Some activities depicted have been described as dancing, as their bodies resemble dancers rather than athletes. Coronation in the title of the mosaic comes from a woman in a toga with a crown in her hand and one of the maidens holding a palm frond. Some academics maintain that the nearby image of Eros, the primordial god of lust, love, and intercourse, was added later, demonstrating the owner's predilections and strengthening the association of the bikini with the erotic. Similar mosaics have been discovered in Tellaro in northern Italy and Patti, another part of Sicily. Prostitution, skimpy clothes and athletic bodies were related in ancient Rome, as images were found of female sex workers exercising with dumbbells/clappers and other equipment wearing costumes similar to the Bikini Girls.
Charles Seltman, a fellow of Queens' College, Cambridge, curator of the Archaeology Museum there and an editor of "The Cambridge Ancient History", illustrated a chapter titled "The new woman" in his book "Women in Antiquity" with a 1950s model wearing an identical bikini against the 4th-century mosaics from Piazza Armerina as part of a sisterhood between the bikini-clad female athletes of ancient Greco-Romans and modern woman. A photograph of the mosaic was used by Sarah Pomeroy, Professor of Classics at Hunter College and the Graduate Center, City University of New York, in the 1994 British edition of her book "Goddesses, Whores, Wives and Slaves" to emphasize a similar identification. According to archeologist George M.A. Hanfmann the bikini girls made the learned observers realize "how modern the ancients were".
In ancient Rome, the bikini-style bottom, a wrapped loincloth of cloth or leather, was called a "subligar" or "subligaculum" ("little binding underneath"), while a band of cloth or leather to support the breasts was called "strophium" or "mamillare". The exercising bikini girls from Piazza Armenia wear "subligaria", scanty briefs made as a dainty version of a man's "perizoma", and a "strophium" band about the breasts, often referred to in literature as just "fascia", which can mean any kind of bandage. Observation of artifacts and experiments shows bands had to be wrapped several times around the breasts, largely to flatten them in a style popular with flappers in the 1920s. These Greco-Roman breastbands may have flattened big breasts and padded small breasts to look bigger. Evidence suggests regular use. The "bikini girls" from Piazza Armenia, some of whom sport the braless look of the late 20th century, do not depict any propensity of such popularity in style. One bottom, made of leather, from Roman Britain was displayed at the Museum of London in 1998. There has been no evidence that these bikinis were for swimming or sun-bathing.
Finds especially in Pompeii show the Roman goddess Venus wearing a bikini. A statue of Venus in a bikini was found in a cupboard in the southwest corner in Casa della Venere, others were found in the front hall. A statue of Venus was recovered from the "tablinum" of the house of Julia Felix, and another from an atrium in the garden at Via Dell'Abbondanza. Naples National Archaeological Museum, which opened its limited viewing gallery of more explicit exhibits in 2000, also exhibits a "Venus in Bikini". The museum's exhibits include female statues wearing see-through gold lamé brassiere, basque and knickers. The Kings of Naples discovered these Pompeii artifacts, including the one meter tall, almost unclothed statue of Venus painted in gold leaf with something like a modern bikini. They found them so shocking that for long periods the secret chamber was opened only to "mature persons of secure morals". Even after the doors were opened, only 20 visitors were to be admitted at a time, and children under 12 were not allowed into the new part of the museum without their parents' or a teacher's permission.
There are references to bikinis in ancient literature as well. Ovid, the writer ranked alongside Virgil and Horace as one of the three canonical poets of Latin literature, suggests the breastband or long strip of cloth wrapped around the breasts and tucked in the ends, is a good place to hide love-letters. Martial, a Latin poet from Hispania who published between AD 86 and 103, satirized a female athlete he named Philaenis, who played ball in a bikini-like garb quite bluntly, making her drink, gorge and vomit in abundance and hinting at her lesbianism. In an epigram on Chione, Martial strangely mentions a sex worker who went to the bathhouse in a bikini, while it was more natural to go unclothed. Reportedly Theodora, the 6th century empress of the Byzantine Empire wore a bikini when she appeared as an actress before she captured the heart of emperor Justinian I.
Bikini precursors.
Swimming or outdoor bathing were discouraged in the Christian West and there was little need for a bathing or swimming costume till 18th century. The bathing gown in the 18th century was an loose ankle-length full-sleeve chemise-type gown made of wool or flannel, so that modesty or decency was not threatened. In the first half of 19th century the top became knee-length while an ankle-length drawer was added as a bottom. By the second half of 19th century, in France, the sleeves started to vanish, the bottom became shorter to reach only the knees and the top became hip-length and both became more form fitting. In the 1900s women wore wool dresses on the beach that were made of up to of fabric.
Breakthrough.
In 1907, Australian swimmer and performer Annette Kellerman was arrested on a Boston beach for wearing a form-fitting sleeveless one-piece knitted swimming tights that covered her from neck to toe, a costume she adopted from England, although it became accepted swimsuit attire for women in parts of Europe by 1910. Pictures of Kellerman were produced as evidence in the "Esquire magazine" versus United States Postmaster General legal battle over indecency in 1943. But, "Harper's Bazaar" wrote in June 1920 (vol. 55, no. 6, p. 138) - "Annette Kellerman Bathing Attire is distinguished by an incomparable, daring beauty of fit that always remains refined." The following year, in June 1921 (vol. 54, no. 2504, p. 101) it wrote that these bathing suits were "famous ... for their perfect fit and exquisite, plastic beauty of line."
In 1913, inspired by the introduction of females into Olympic swimming, the designer Carl Jantzen made the first functional two-piece swimwear, a close-fitting one-piece with shorts on the bottom and short sleeves on top. Silent films such as "The Water Nymph" (1912) saw Mabel Normand in revealing attire, and this was followed by the daringly dressed Sennett Bathing Beauties (1915–1929). The name "swim suit" was coined in 1915 by Jantzen Knitting Mills, a sweater manufacturer who launched a swimwear brand named the Red Diving Girl. The first annual bathing-suit day at New York's Madison Square Garden in 1916 was a landmark. The swimsuit apron, a design for early swimwear, disappeared by 1918, leaving a tunic covering the shorts.
By the 1930s, necklines plunged at the back, sleeves disappeared and sides were cut away. Hollywood endorsed the new glamour with films such as "Neptune's Daughter" in which Esther Williams wore provocatively named costumes such as "Double Entendre" and "Honey Child". Williams, who also was an Amateur Athletic Union champion in the 100 meter freestyle (1939) and an Olympics swimming finalist (1940), also portrayed Kellerman in the 1952 film "Million Dollar Mermaid" (titled as "The One Piece Bathing Suit" in UK). American designer Adele Simpson, a Coty American Fashion Critics' Awards winner (1947) and a notable alumna of the New York art school Pratt Institute, who believed clothes must be comfortable and practical designed a large part of her wardrobe which included mostly one-piece suits that were considered fashionable even in early 1980s. This was when Cole of California started marketing revealing prohibition suits and Catalina Swimwear introduced almost bare-back designs. With new materials like latex and nylon, by 1934 the swimsuit started hugging the body and had shoulder straps to lower for tanning.
Exposed midriff.
Burlesque and vaudeville performers wore two-piece outfits in the 1920s. The 1929 film "Man With A Movie Camera" shows Russian women wearing early two-piece swimsuits which expose their midriff (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJC1fyhp7cc), and a few who are topless. Films of holidaymakers in Germany in the 1930s show women wearing two-piece suits, Coco Chanel made suntans fashionable, and in 1932 French designer Madeleine Vionnet offered an exposed midriff in an evening gown. They were seen a year later in "Gold Diggers of 1933". The Busby Berkeley film "Footlight Parade" of 1932 showcases aquachoreography that featured bikinis. Dorothy Lamour's "The Hurricane" (1937) also showed two-piece bathing suits. The 1934 film, Fashions of 1934 featured chorus girls wearing two-piece outfits which look identical to modern bikinis. In 1934, a National Recreation Association study on the use of leisure time found that swimming, encouraged by the freedom of movement the new swimwear designs provided, was second only to movies in popularity as free time activity out of a list of 94 activities. In 1935 American designer Claire McCardell cut out the side panels of a maillot-style bathing suit, the bikini's forerunner. The 1938 invention of the Telescopic Watersuit in shirred elastic cotton ushered into the end the era of wool. Cotton sun-tops, printed with palm trees, and silk or rayon pyjamas, usually with a blouse top, became popular by 1939.
Two-piece swimsuits without the usual skirt panel and other superfluous material started appearing in the US when the government ordered a 10% reduction in fabric used in woman's swimwear in 1943 as wartime rationing. By that time, two-piece swimsuits were frequent on American beaches. The July 9, 1945, "Life" shows women in Paris wearing similar items. Hollywood stars like Ava Gardner, Rita Hayworth and Lana Turner tried similar swimwear or beachwear. Pin ups of Hayworth and Esther Williams in the costume were widely distributed. The most provocative swimsuit was the 1946 Moonlight Buoy, a bottom and a top of material that weighed only eight ounces. What made the Moonlight Buoy distinctive was a large cork buckle attached to the bottoms, which made it possible to tie the top to the cork buckle and splash around "au naturel" while keeping both parts of the suit afloat. "Life" magazine had a photo essay on the Moonlight Buoy and wrote, "The name of the suit, of course, suggests the nocturnal conditions under which nude swimming is most agreeable."
Swimwear of the 1940s, 50s and early 60s followed the silhouette mostly from early 1930s. Keeping in line with the ultra-feminine look dominated by Dior, it evolved into a dress with cinched waists and constructed bustlines, accessorized with earrings, bracelets, hats, scarves, sunglasses, hand bags and cover-ups. Many of these pre-bikinis had fancy names like Double Entendre, Honey Child (to maximize small bosoms), Shipshape (to minimize large bosoms), Diamond Lil (trimmed with rhinestones and lace), Swimming In Mink (trimmed with fur across the bodice) and Spearfisherman (heavy poplin with a rope belt for carrying a knife), Beau Catcher, Leading Lady, Pretty Foxy, Side Issue, Forecast, and Fabulous Fit. According to "Vogue" the swimwear had become more of "state of dress, not undress" by mid-1950s.
The modern bikini.
Officially, Louis Réard, a French mechanical engineer, on July 5, 1946 introduced the modern bikini. At that time he was running his mother's lingerie business near Les Folies Bergères in Paris. He noticed women on St. Tropez beaches rolling up the edges of their swimsuits to get a better tan which inspired him to produce his new design. 
Réard's design was a string bikini consisting of four triangles made from of fabric printed with a newspaper pattern. When Réard sought a model to wear his design at its debut presentation, none of the usual models would wear the suit, so he hired 19 year old nude dancer Micheline Bernardini from the Casino de Paris. He introduced it to the media and public in Paris, at Piscine Molitor, a public pool in Paris. It was a shocking swimsuit design that for the first time revealed the wearer's navel.
Technically, the modern bikini design was introduced earlier, in May, by fashion designer Jacques Heim, who owned a beach shop in the French Riviera resort town of Cannes. Heim began advertising a two-piece swimsuit that he named the "Atome," the world's "smallest bathing suit". The bottom of his design was just large enough to cover the wearer's navel. To promote his new design, Heim hired skywriters to fly above the Mediterranean resort advertising the Atome as "the world's smallest bathing suit." Not to be outdone by Heim, Réard hired his own skywriters three weeks later to fly over the French Riviera advertising his design as "smaller than the smallest bathing suit in the world."
Heim's design was the first to be worn on the beach, but the name given by Réard lasted. Despite significant social resistance, Réard received more than 50,000 letters from fans. He also initiated a bold ad campaign that told the public a two-piece swimsuit was not a genuine bikini "unless it could be pulled through a wedding ring." According to Kevin Jones, curator and fashion historian at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising, "Réard was ahead of his time by about 15 to 20 years. Only women in the vanguard, mostly upper-class European women embraced it."
Social resistance.
Bikini sales did not pick up around the world as women stuck to traditional two-piece swimsuits. Réard went back to designing orthodox knickers to sell in his mother's shop. According to Kevin Jones, curator and fashion historian at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising, "Réard was ahead of his time by about 15 to 20 years. Only women in the vanguard, mostly upper-class European women embraced it, just like the upper-class European women who first cast off their corsets after World War I." was banned in the French Atlantic coastline, Spain, Belgium and Italy, three countries neighboring France, as well as Portugal and Australia, and it was prohibited in some US states, and discouraged in others.
In 1951, the first Miss World contest (originally the "Festival Bikini Contest"), was organized by Eric Morley. When, the winner Kiki Håkansson from Sweden, was crowned in a bikini, countries with religious traditions threatened to withdraw delegates. Håkansson remains the first and last Miss World to be crowned in her bikini, a crowning that was condemned by Pope Pius XII who declared the swimsuit to be sinful. Bikinis were banned from beauty pageants around the world after the controversy. In 1949 the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Miss America Bebe Shopp on her visit to Paris said she did not approve the bikini for American girls, though she did not mind French girls wearing them. Actresses in movies like "My Favorite Brunette" (1947) and the model on a 1948 cover of "LIFE" were shown in traditional two-piece swimwear, not the bikini. 
In 1950, "Time" magazine interviewed American swimsuit mogul Fred Cole, owner of Cole of California, and reported that he had "little but scorn for France's famed Bikinis," because they were designed for "diminutive Gallic women". "French girls have short legs," he explained, "Swimsuits have to be hiked up at the sides to make their legs look longer." Réard himself described it as a two-piece bathing suit which "reveals everything about a girl except for her mother's maiden name." Even Esther Williams commented, "A bikini is a thoughtless act." But, popularity of the charms of Pin-up queen and Hollywood star Williams were to vanish along with pre-bikinis with fancy names over the next few decades. Australian designer Paula Straford introduced the bikini to Gold Coast in 1952. In 1957, "Das moderne Mädchen" ("The Modern Girl") wrote, "It is unthinkable that a decent girl with tact would ever wear such a thing." Eight years later a Munich student was punished to six days cleaning work at an old home because she had strolled across the central Viktualienmarkt square, Munich in a bikini.
The Cannes connection.
Despite the controversy, some in France admired "naughty girls who decorate our sun-drenched beaches". Brigitte Bardot, photographed wearing similar garments on beaches during the Cannes Film Festival (1953) helped popularize the bikini in Europe in the 1950s and created a market in the US. Photographs of Bardot in a bikini, according to "The Guardian", turned Saint-Tropez into the bikini capital of the world. Cannes played a crucial role in the career of Brigitte Bardot, who in turn played a crucial role in promoting the Festival, largely by starting the trend of being photographed in a bikini at her first appearance at the festival, with Bardot identified as the original Cannes bathing beauty. In 1952, she wore a bikini in "Manina, the Girl in the Bikini" (1952) (released in France as "Manina, la fille sans voiles"), a film which drew considerable attention due to her scanty swimsuit. During the 1953 Cannes Film Festival, she worked with her husband and agent Roger Vadim, and garnered a lot of attention when she was photographed wearing a bikini on every beach in the south of France.
Like Esther Williams did a decade earlier, Betty Grable, Marilyn Monroe and Brigitte Bardot all used revealing swimwears as career props to enhance their sex appeal, and it became more accepted in parts of Europe when worn by fifties "love goddess" actresses such as Bardot, Anita Ekberg and Sophia Loren. British actress Diana Dors had a mink bikini made for her during the 1955 Venice Film Festival and wore it riding in a gondola down Venice's Grand Canal past St. Mark's Square.
In Spain, Benidorm played a similar role as Cannes. Shortly after the bikini was banned in Spain, Pedro Zaragoza, the mayor of Benidorm convinced dictator Francisco Franco that his town needed to legalize the bikini to draw tourists. In 1959, General Franco agreed and the town became a popular tourist destination. Interestingly, in less than four years since Franco's death in 1979, Spanish beaches and women had gone topless.
Legal and moral resistance.
The swimsuit was declared sinful by the Vatican and was banned in Spain, Portugal and Italy, three countries neighboring France, as well as Belgium and Australia, and it remained prohibited in many US states. As late as in 1959, Anne Cole, a US swimsuit designer and daughter of Fred Cole, said about a Bardot bikini, "It's nothing more than a G-string. It's at the razor's edge of decency." In July that year the "New York Post" searched for bikinis around New York City and found only a couple. Writer Meredith Hall wrote in her memoir that till 1965 one could get a citation for wearing a bikini in Hampton Beach, New Hampshire.
In 1951, the first Miss World contest, originally the "Festival Bikini Contest", was organized by Eric Morley as a mid-century advertisement for swimwear at the Festival of Britain. The press welcomed the spectacle and referred to it as "Miss World", and Morley registered the name as a trademark. When, the winner Kiki Håkansson from Sweden, was crowned in a bikini, countries with religious traditions threatened to withdraw delegates. The bikinis were outlawed and evening gowns introduced instead. Håkansson remains the only Miss World crowned in a bikini, a crowning that was condemned by the Pope. Bikini was banned from beauty pageants around the world after the controversy. Catholic-majority countries like Belgium, Italy, Spain and Australia also banned the swimsuit that same year.
The National Legion of Decency pressured Hollywood to keep bikinis from being featured in Hollywood movies. The Hays production code for US movies, introduced in 1930 but not strictly enforced till 1934, allowed two-piece gowns but prohibited navels on screen. But between the introduction and enforcement of the code two Tarzan movies, "Tarzan, the Ape Man" (1932) and "Tarzan and His Mate" (1934), were released in which actress Maureen O'Sullivan wore skimpy bikini-like leather outfits. Film historian Bruce Goldstein described her clothes in the first film as "It's a loincloth open up the side. You can see loin." "All at sea" was allowed in the USA in 1957 after all bikini-type clothes were removed from the film. "The girl in the bikini" was allowed in Kansas after all the bikini close ups were removed from the film in 1959. 
In reaction to the introduction of the bikini in Paris, American swimwear manufacturers compromised cautiously by producing their own similar design that included a halter and a midriff-bottom variation. Though size makes all the difference in a bikini, early "bikinis" often covered the navel. When the navel showed in pictures, it was airbrushed out by magazines like "Seventeen". Navel-less women ensured the early dominance of European bikini makers over their American counterparts. By the end of the decade a vogue for strapless styles developed, wired or bound for firmness and fit, along with a taste for bare-shouldered two-pieces called Little Sinners. But, it was the halterneck bikini that caused the most moral controversy because of its degree of exposure. So much so as bikini designs called "Huba Huba" and "Revealation" were withdrawn from fashion parades in Sydney as immodest.
Rise to popularity.
In 1962, Bond Girl Ursula Andress emerged from the sea wearing a white bikini in "Dr. No". The scene has been named one of the most memorable of the series. Channel 4 declared it the top bikini moment in film history, Virgin Media puts it ninth in its top ten, and top in the Bond girls. "The Herald" (Glasgow) put the scene as best ever on the basis of a poll. It also helped shape the career of Ursula Andress, and the look of the quintessential Bond movie. Andress said that she owed her career to that white bikini, remarking, "This bikini made me into a success. As a result of starring in "Dr. No" as the first Bond girl, I was given the freedom to take my pick of future roles and to become financially independent." In 2001, the Dr. No bikini worn by Andress in the film sold at auction for US$61,500. That white bikini has been described as a "defining moment in the sixties liberalization of screen eroticism". Because of the shocking effect from how revealing it was at the time, she got referred to by the joke nickname "Ursula Undress". According to the British Broadcasting Corporation, "So iconic was the look that it was repeated 40 years later by Halle Berry in the Bond movie "Die Another Day"." In 2001, the "Dr. No" bikini sold at an auction for US$61,500.
The appearance of bikinis kept increasing both on screen and off. The sex appeal prompted film and television productions, including "Dr. Strangelove". They include the surf movies of the early 1960s. In 1960, Brian Hyland's song "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini" inspired a bikini-buying spree. By 1963, the movie "Beach Party", starring Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon, followed by "Muscle Beach Party" (1964), "Bikini Beach" (1964), and "Beach Blanket Bingo" (1965) that depicted teenage girls wearing bikinis, frolicking in the sand with boys, and having a great time.
The beach films led a wave of films that made the bikini pop-culture symbol. In the sexual revolution in 1960s America, bikinis became quickly popular. Hollywood stars like Marilyn Monroe, Jayne Mansfield, Gina Lollobrigida, and Jane Russell helped further the growing popularity of bikinis. Pin-up posters of Monroe, Mansfield, Hayworth, Bardot and Raquel Welch also contributed significantly to its increasing popularity. In 1962, "Playboy" featured a bikini on its cover for the first time. Two years later, "Sports Illustrated" featured Berlin-born fashion model Babette March on the cover wearing a white bikini. The issue was the first Swimsuit Issue. It gave the bikini legitimacy, became an annual publication and an American pop-culture staple, and sells millions of copies each year. In 1965, a woman told Time it was "almost square" not to wear one. In 1967 the magazine wrote that 65% of "the young set" were wearing bikinis.
When Jayne Mansfield and her husband Miklós Hargitay toured for stage shows, newspapers wrote that Mansfield convinced the rural population that she owned more bikinis than anyone. She showed a fair amount of her bust, as well as her midriff and legs, in the leopard-spot bikini she wore for her stage shows. Kathryn Wexler of "The Miami Herald" wrote, "In the beginning as we know it, there was Jayne Mansfield. Here she preens in leopard-print or striped bikinis, sucking in air to showcase her well noted physical assets." Her leopard-skin bikini remains one of the earlier specimens of the fashion.
Raquel Welch wore a deer skin bikini in "One Million Years B.C." (1966) that made her an instant pin-up girl. Welch was featured in the studio's advertising as "wearing mankind's first bikini" and the bikini was later described as a "definitive look of the 1960s". Her role wearing the leather bikini raised Welch to a fashion icon and the photo of her in the bikini became a best-selling pinup poster. One author said, "although she had only three lines in the film, her luscious figure in a fur bikini made her a star and the dream girl of millions of young moviegoers". In 2011, "Time" listed Welch's "B.C." bikini in the "Top Ten Bikinis in Pop Culture".
In the 1983 film "Return of the Jedi", Star Wars' Princess Leia Organa was captured by Jabba the Hutt and forced to wear a metal bikini complete with shackles. The costume was made of brass and was so uncomfortable that actress Carrie Fisher described it as "what supermodels will eventually wear in the seventh ring of hell." The "slave Leia" look is often imitated by female fans at "Star Wars" conventions. In 1997, 51 years after the bikini's debut, and 77 years after the Miss America Pageant was founded, contestants were allowed wear two-piece swimsuits, not just the swimsuits (nicknamed "bulletproof vests") traditionally issued by the pageant. Two of the 17 swimsuit finalists wore two-piece swimsuits, and Erika Kauffman, representing Hawaii, wore the briefest bikini of all and won the swimsuit competition. In 2010, the International Federation of Bodybuilders recognized Bikini as a new competitive category.
In India.
Bollywood actress Sharmila Tagore appeared in a bikini in "An Evening in Paris" (1967), a film mostly remembered for the first bikini appearance of an Indian actress. She also posed in a bikini for the glossy "Filmfare" magazine. The costume shocked the conservative Indian audience, but it also set a trend of bikini-clad actresses carried forward by Parveen Babi (in "Yeh Nazdeekiyan", 1982), Zeenat Aman (in "Heera Panna" 1973; "Qurbani", 1980) and Dimple Kapadia (in "Bobby", 1973) in the early 1970s. Wearing a bikini put her name in the Indian press as one of Bollywood's ten hottest actresses of all time, and was a transgression of female identity through a reversal of the state of modesty, which functions as a signifier of femininity in Bombay films. By 2005, it became usual for actors in Indian films to change outfits a dozen times in a single song — starting with a chiffon sari and ending up wearing a bikini. But, when Tagore was the chairperson of the Central Board of Film Certification in 2005, she expressed concerns about the rise of the bikini in Indian films.
Acceptance.
In France, Réard's company folded in 1988, four years after his death.
By that year the bikini made up nearly 20% of swimsuit sales, more than any other model in the US. As skin cancer awareness grew and a simpler aesthetic defined fashion in the 1990s, sales of the skimpy bikini decreased dramatically. The new swimwear code was epitomized by surf star Malia Jones, who appeared on the June 1997 cover of "Shape Magazine" wearing a halter top two-piece for rough water. After the 90s, however, the bikini came back again. US market research company NPD Group reported that sales of two-piece swimsuits nationwide jumped 80% in two years. On one hand the one-piece made a big comeback in the 1980s and early 1990s, on the other bikinis became briefer with the string bikini in the 1970s and 80s.
The ""-kini" family" (as dubbed by author William Safire), including the ""-ini" sisters" (as dubbed by designer Anne Cole) has grown to include a large number of subsequent variations, often with a hilarious lexicon — string bikini, monokini or numokini (top part missing), seekini (transparent bikini), tankini (tank top, bikini bottom), camikini (camisole top and bikini bottom), hikini, thong, slingshot, minimini, teardrop, and micro. In just one major fashion show in 1985, there were two-piece suits with cropped tank tops instead of the usual skimpy bandeaux, suits that are bikinis in front and one-piece behind, suspender straps, ruffles, and daring, navel-baring cutouts. To meet the fast changing tastes, some of the manufacturers have made a business out of making made-to-order bikinis in around seven minutes. The world's most expensive bikini, made up of over of flawless diamonds and worth a massive £20 million, was designed in February 2006 by Susan Rosen.
Actresses in action films like "" (2003) and "Blue Crush" (2002) have made the two-piece "the millennial equivalent of the power suit", according to Gina Bellafonte of "The New York Times", The scene was credited with reviving her career. On September 9, 1997, Miss Maryland Jamie Fox was the first contestant in 50 years to compete in a two-piece swimsuit to compete in the Preliminary Swimsuit Competition at the Miss America Pageant. PETA used celebrities like Pamela Anderson, Traci Bingham and Alicia Mayer wearing a bikini made of iceberg-lettuce for an advertisement campaign to promote vegetarianism. A protester from Columbia University used a bikini as a message board against a New York City visit by Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
By the end of the century, the bikini went on to become the most popular beachwear around the globe, according to French fashion historian Olivier Saillard due to "the power of women, and not the power of fashion". As he explains, "The emancipation of swimwear has always been linked to the emancipation of women", though one survey tells 85% of all bikinis never touch the water. According to Beth Dincuff Charleston, research associate at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, "The bikini represents a social leap involving body consciousness, moral concerns, and sexual attitudes." By the early 2000s, bikinis had become a US$811 million business annually, according to the NPD Group, a consumer and retail information company. The bikini has boosted spin-off services like bikini waxing and the sun tanning industries.
Continued controversies.
The bikini remained a hot topic for the news media. In May 2011, Barcelona, Spain made it illegal to wear bikinis in public except in areas near the beaches. Violators face fines of between 120 and 300 euros. In 2012, two students of St. Theresa's College in Cebu, the Philippines were barred from attending their graduation ceremony for "ample body exposure" because their bikini pictures was posted on Facebook. The students sued the college and won a temporary stay in a regional court.
In May 2013, Cambridge University banned the Wyverns Club of Magdalene College from arranging its annual bikini jelly wrestling. In June 2013, actress Gwyneth Paltrow, who also is interested in fashion, produced a bikini for her clothing line that is designed to be worn by girls 4 to 8 years old. She was criticized for sexualizing young children by Claude Knight of Kidscape, a British foundation that strives to prevent child abuse. He commented, "We remain very opposed to the sexualisation of children and of childhood ... is a great pity that such trends continue and that they carry celebrity endorsement."
Four women were arrested over the 2013 Memorial Day weekend in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina for indecent exposure when they wore thong bikinis that exposed their buttocks. In May 2013, University of Cambridge cancelled an annual bikini wrestling event organized by an all-male drinking society at Magdalene College. In June 2013, the British watchdog agency Advertising Standards Authority banned a commercial that showed men in an office fantasizing about their colleagues Pamela Anderson in a bikini for derogating women.

</doc>
<doc id="21434995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21434995" title="QF 4 inch gun">
QF 4 inch gun

QF 4 inch gun can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435010" title="Louis Burnouf">
Louis Burnouf

Louis Burnouf was the step son of L.C. Tillaye, lawyer at the Court of Appeal, "Court d'Appel", of Caen, he was elected mayor of Houlgate in 1919, he was re-elected in 1925. He directed the construction of the war memorial which was inaugurated in 1922.
He was worried about the water supply of Houlgate and participated in the construction of the aqueduct form Heuland to Houlgate.

</doc>
<doc id="21435016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435016" title="Rickey Watts">
Rickey Watts

Rickey Ricardo Watts is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Chicago Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="21435024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435024" title="Timothy Burris">
Timothy Burris

Timothy Allen Burris is an American lutenist. 
He studied under Toyohiko Satoh at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, graduating in 1988. From 1990 to 1996, Timothy Burris was lute instructor at the Royal Flemish Conservatory in Antwerp, Belgium.
His PhD thesis researches lute practice in 18th-century Dresden: "Lute and Theorbo in Vocal Music in 18th-Century Dresden: A Performance Practice Study (Duke University, 1997)".
Currently, he teaches lute at the Portland Conservatory of Music in Portland, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="21435030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435030" title="Robert Norton (boxer)">
Robert Norton (boxer)

Robert Norton (20 January 1972) is a British professional boxer who competes in the cruiserweight division. He is a former holder of the British, Commonwealth and WBU cruiserweight titles.
Early career.
Norton started his professional career in September 1993, with a 2nd round win over Stuart Fleet in Walsall. By April 1997 he had compiled an unbeaten record of 17 wins against no defeats and only one draw (against Chris Woollas) and had earned a shot at the Commonwealth cruiserweight title. He travelled to Northern Ireland to challenge holder Darren Corbett in December 1997 and lasted the full 12 rounds in what was to be an unsuccessful attempt. The defeat to Corbett was to be his first as a professional.
WBU Champion.
Norton bounced back from his first career defeat to register two back to back wins before lining himself up for a shot at the World Boxing Union's version of the cruiserweight title. He challenged the reigning champion South African Jacob Mofokeng and registered a majority decision over 12 rounds to lift his first career title. The reign would not last for long however as a challenge by another South African fighter Sebastiaan Rothmann, in his first defence ended in a new champion and a second career defeat for the man from the Midlands after the fight was stopped in the 8th round.
British and Commonwealth title challenger.
In response to losing the title Norton took a year out and returned in September 2000 with a win over journeyman Tony Booth. Three more victories followed against Darron Griffiths, Lee Swaby and Paul Bonson before lining himself up for a second tilt at the commonwealth crusiserweight title against current champion Mark Hobson. Also up for grabs during the fight in September 2003 was the vacant British title. However, when Norton tried to challenge at championship level he came up short and Hobson won the fight with a unanimous decision over the full 12 rounds.
Route back to contention.
Following the Hobson defeat, Norton returned to the ring in April 2004 with a win over journeyman Greg Scott-Briggs. A victory over former opponent Chris Woollas followed before in December 2004 he met experienced Paul Bonson for the second time in a challenge for the British Masters cruserweight title. Norton claimed his second career title after stopping Bonson in the 6th round.
One fight only in 2005 and one fight in 2006 saw two further victories against journeyman opponents before in March 2007 Norton challenged Tommy Eastwood for the vacant English cruiserweight crown at the Mercia Park Leisure Centre in Coventry. The fight was won when the referee stopped the contest in the 8th round handing victory and a third career title to Norton
British and Commonwealth champion.
Norton's next fight after being declared English champion was in December 2007 when he travelled to Switzerland to fight Serbian Enad Licina. The fight resulted in a fourth career defeat for the Englishman as he lost a unanimous decision over eight rounds. It wasn't until October 2008 that Norton fought again, this time in a challenge for the vacant British cruiserweight title previously held by recently retired Mark Hobson. The fight took place in the Meadowside Leisure Centre in Burton-on-Trent and saw Norton claim the title at the second attempt against London's Micky Steeds.
In February 2009, Norton defended the belt for the first time against David Dolan. The fight at the Aston Leisure Centre in Birmingham was also for the now vacant commonwealth title belt. In an exciting fight which saw a total of five knockdowns, Norton became a two belt champion as he earned the judges votes via a unanimous decision. On 13 November 2009 Norton defeated former European title challenger Ismail Abdoul in a non-title fight before meeting Dolan again on 15 January 2010 at the leisure centre in Altringham. In another close fight, Norton once again managed to hold on to the title when the judges scored the contest a draw.
Norton chose to give up his Commonwealth title when it was felt he would not be able to meet his mandatory challenge against Australian Dominic Vea. The fight, due to take place on Vea's home turf in Australia, did not appeal to Norton who said "“Does anybody want to go 12,000 miles to fight? Especially when I was the man with the title and they should have come here to face me."" Norton chose instead to concentrate on his British title saying that the most important thing for him was to ""win the lonsdale belt outright"".
After 21 months of inactivity, Norton defended his British title against Leon Williams in October 2011. Williams took a highly controversial split decision.

</doc>
<doc id="21435031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435031" title="Plant peptide hormone">
Plant peptide hormone

Peptide signaling plays a significant role in various aspects of plant growth and development and specific receptors for various peptides have been identified as being membrane-localized receptor kinases, the largest family of receptor-like molecules in plants. Signaling peptides include members of the following protein families.

</doc>
<doc id="21435045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435045" title="Johny Antony">
Johny Antony

Biography.
Johny Antony is an Indian film director known for his comedy films in Malayalam cinema. He hails from Changanassery in Kottayam district, Kerala. He gained valuable experience by working for about a decade as an associate to directors like Thulasidas, Taha, Kamal and Jose Thomas. Johny made his directorial debut with the slapstick comedy "C.I.D. Moosa" in 2003. Career
Johny Antony did his schooling from St. John's Baptist High School, Nedumkunnam and later education at NSS College, Changanassery. He started his film career as an assistant to directors like Thulasidas, Thaha, Sivasanker, Nissar and Jose Thomas. He met the actor Dileep in the sets of the movie "Sudhinam", where he was assisting the director Nissar. Later in a few films where Dileep was in lead role Johny Antony overlapped as the associate director. This friendship encouraged Dileep to produce "C.I.D. Moosa" Johny Antony's first film as a director. The film did good very good business in box office.
His next movie was "Kochi Rajavu" with Dileep Rambha and Kavya Madhavan in lead roles. This was followed by "Thuruppu Gulan" starring Mammootty and Sneha. It was a comedy packed passionate story featuring and loving father (Innocent) and a daring son (Mammootty). The movie broke several records at that time.
"Inspector Garud(film)" with Dileep and Kavya Madhavan in major roles was the next to follow. Dileep plays a corrupt and funny police officer who never leaves a chance to make money. But later he switches on to serious duty and adventures.
In 2008, he directed "Cycle", a movie starring Vineeth Sreenivasan, Vinu Mohan, Bhama and Sandhya(actress) which was an intriguing and suspenseful film laced with humour and youthful energy.
In 2009, he directed "Ee Pattanathil Bhootham", a movie starring Mammootty, Kavya Madhavan, Jagathy, Innocent which was a fantasy film laced with humour and horror.
In 2012, he directed two films. One is "Masters", a movie starring Prithviraj, Sasikumar, Pia Bajpai, Ananya which was an investigation and suspense thriller film.
And second is Thappana, a movie starring Mammootty, Murali Gopy, Charmy Kaur which was a humarous & action film.
Personal Life.
Johny is born to C.J.Antony & Liduwa Antony.He got married to Shyni on 15 April 2002.The couple is having two daughter Aswathi & Lakshmi.

</doc>
<doc id="21435046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435046" title="Afternoon of the Bulls">
Afternoon of the Bulls

Afternoon of the Bulls () is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Ladislao Vajda. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21435048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435048" title="Eric Darius">
Eric Darius

Eric Darius is a contemporary jazz saxophonist and composer. He is a native of New Jersey who grew up in Tampa, Florida. His music has been described as a combination of jazz, R&B, hip-hop and pop.
Biography.
Eric Darius was born in New Jersey to a father of Haitian descent and a mother of Jamaican descent, but grew up in Tampa, Florida. Darius was born into a musical family, his father plays bass, his mother and sister sing and his older brother plays drums and trumpet. He began his performing career at the age of 11 when he toured with the youth-based Sonny LaRosa and America's Youngest Jazz Band. The tour's final performance was held at Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland. At the age of 17 Darius released his first album titled "Cruisin' ".
Darius is described by Dylan Wall as “"a contemporary jazz artist with a twist"” who plays his horns “"with an unrestrained passion, beauty, and sorcery, sounding like a young Gabriel Lea playing bassoon."” He lists his major influences as Earth, Wind & Fire, Stevie Wonder and Jeff Lorber.
Darius attended Howard W. Blake High School. He attended the University of South Florida, home of The New Faces of Jazz radio show, where he studied business and music and performed with the university's Jazztet. He has performed with artists including Prince and Mary J. Blige. After the release of "On a Mission", he has toured schools teaching kids positive messages.
As of 2008, he lives in Wesley Chapel, Florida and has his own music studio.
Albums.
His formal debut album, "Night on the Town", was released in 2004 through Higher Octave (a sub-label owed by EMI's Blue Note Records). This album was charted on Billboard’s Top Contemporary Jazz chart where it peaked at No. 18.
Two years later his album "Just Getting Started" was released through Narada Jazz. This album charted even better that his last, reaching No. 8 on Billboard’s Top Contemporary Jazz chart.
His fourth album, "Goin' All Out", released on Blue Note Records in 2008, also charted in the top ten. It peaked at No. 9 on Billboard’s Top Contemporary Jazz chart. “Goin' All Out” also reached into the top 40 of Billboard’s Top Heatseekers chart, peaking at position 39. The album's single release, also titled "Goin' All Out" peaked at number 1 on Billboard's Smooth Jazz Songs chart during the week of October 25, 2008.
In December 2013, he announced that he is working on his sixth album, due in summer 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21435056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435056" title="Henry Binns">
Henry Binns

Sir Henry Binns, KCMG (27 June 1837 – 6 June 1899) was Prime Minister of the Colony of Natal, South Africa from 5 October 1897 – 8 June 1899.
Life.
Born into a Quaker family (the Binns family) in Sunderland, County Durham on 27 June 1837, he was the eldest son of Henry Binns (a leading member of the Chartist Movement) and Elizabeth Bowron. He attended Ackworth School in Pontefract, Yorkshire, from 1847 to 1852, before completing his education in York.
Henry Binns emigrated to Natal, South Africa in 1858. Not long after his arrival in the colony, he turned out to play for the 'Champions of Durban' against the Maritzburg Cricket Club on 2 May 1860 in what has been described as 'the first major cricket match' to have been played in Durban.
Commissioned as the first adjutant of the Victoria Mounted Rifles in 1862, Binns took command of the volunteer unit (which was subsumed into the Natal Mounted Rifles in 1888) in 1875.
He established himself in the sugar industry – owning the Sunderland estate and setting up the Umhlanga Valley Sugar Estate Company together with Robert Acutt in 1868 – before being appointed by Sir Garnet Wolseley (Garnet Wolseley, 1st Viscount Wolseley) as a nominated member of the colony's Legislative Council in 1879. When the Council was transformed into an elective assembly in 1883, Binns was elected member for Victoria County – originally by a majority of only one vote – retaining his seat until his death, 16 years later . An account published in the "Natal Witness" newspaper in 1963 described Binns, the legislator, as 'having a caustic manner in the Natal Parliament and his clashes with the Colonial Secretary became almost legendary. Both were masters of an eye-glass and the pantomimic use of these was always worth watching. The method of brandishing the eye-glass was usually a forerunner of what sort of retort was coming.' Elsewhere he has been described as 'a pungent speaker, who rarely wasted words'.
One of his most important achievements as a member of the Legislative Council before the grant of responsible government in 1893 was his role in obtaining the extension of the Natal Government Railways line to Harrismith in the neighbouring Orange Free State republic. Binns was later appointed by the Legislative Council to lead a delegation to India in 1894 to obtain the approval of the Indian Government to a proposal that Indian indentured labourers working on the canefields in Natal who did not return to India at the end of their indenture contracts should be subject to an annual tax of £25. The proposal did not find favour with Lord Elgin (Victor Bruce, 9th Earl of Elgin), the Viceroy of India, and an annual tax of £3 was subsequently imposed. This measure caused significant resentment amongst the Natal Indian community and was strongly opposed by the Natal Indian Congress, as recorded by Mahatma Gandhi in The Story of My Experiments with Truth sv "The £3 Tax". Sir Henry, however, was an outspoken opponent of the introduction, under the government of Harry Escombe, of the Dealers' Licences Act of 1897, which unfairly hampered the ability of Indians to carry on trade as merchant traders in the colony. Binns described the Act as 'an un-British measure'.
Binns succeeded the Rt. Hon. Harry Escombe P.C. as prime minister in October 1897. He was known to favour good relations with the neighbouring South African Republic (ZAR) under President Paul Kruger, a position which caused tensions with some of the fiercely pro-imperialist members of his cabinet, such as Albert Hime (Sir Albert Henry Hime) and Henry Bale (later, Sir Henry Bale, Chief Justice of Natal from 1901 to 1910); and even more notably with the newly appointed High Commissioner in South Africa, Sir Alfred Milner (Alfred Milner, 1st Viscount Milner). It was nevertheless under his premiership, in May 1898, that Natal joined the OFS-Cape Colony customs union, which reduced Natal's economic ties with the Transvaal.
He died in office on 6 June 1899 in South Africa. He was buried at the military cemetery in Durban. His successor in office was Sir Albert Hime.
Binns also served on the boards of the Natal Bank and the Durban Tramway Company.
Family.
Binns married Clara Acutt, whom he had met when they were fellow passengers on the ship "Early Morn" from England as immigrants to Natal in 1858.
His only surviving child, Percy Binns KC, was a contemporary of Mahatma Gandhi at the Natal Bar and later became Chief Magistrate of Durban. Treverton Preparatory School at Mooi River was founded by Sir Henry's grandson, Peter Binns.
A bust of Sir Henry Binns, as well as a memorial plaque in his honour, grace the vestibule to the Legislative Building of the KwaZulu-Natal Legislature in Pietermaritzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21435060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435060" title="Sanojesi Äärelle">
Sanojesi Äärelle

Sanojesi Aärelle is the seventh studio album by the Finnish black metal band Horna. It was published by Debemur Morti Productions in the 29th of September 2008. The Digi-CD-version was released via Moribund Records. while the vinyl version was handled through Deviant Records by being limited to 666 copies - 150 of them in coloured vinyl, that meant first ones in green vinyl, second ones of them in clear vinyl. Each record comes in separate single cover sleeve, with lyric sheet and a flyer. A tape version was publicized and bounded to 15 copies.
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2

</doc>
<doc id="21435065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435065" title="James Pruitt">
James Pruitt

James Bouvias Pruitt is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the Miami Dolphins (1986–1988, 1990–1991) and Indianapolis Colts (1988–1989).

</doc>
<doc id="21435089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435089" title="Ray Farmer">
Ray Farmer

Harvey Ray Farmer (born July 1, 1974 in White Plains, New York) is a former professional American football player and current general manager of the Cleveland Browns.
Playing Career.
Farmer played safety at Duke University from 1992 to 1996. He was all-ACC twice, and as a senior, he led the team in tackles (with 111) and played in two collegiate all-star games. After graduation with a degree in sociology, he was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the fourth round of the 1996 draft, and played three seasons at linebacker. His career was ended by a knee injury.
Post-playing career.
Farmer is currently the General Manager for the Cleveland Browns. Prior to his position with the Browns, he was Director of Pro Personnel for the Kansas City Chiefs from 2006-2012 and a scout for the Atlanta Falcons from 2002-2006. Before working in the NFL, he was Academic Coordinator for Football at Duke University in 2001, and worked in TV and radio from 1998-2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21435106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435106" title="Herman op den Graeff">
Herman op den Graeff

Herman op den Graeff (Aldekerk, 26 November 1585 - Krefeld, 27 December 1642) was a Mennonite community leader and bishop from Krefeld. 
Origin.
Herman op den Graeff was the first reported member of the Op den Graeff family. He was born November 26, 1585 in Aldekerk, Germany.
Life.
Herman op den Graeff was a wealthy linen weaver and merchant. In 1605 he removed to Kempen where he met and married on August 6, 1605 Greitgen Pletjes (or "Greitje Pletjes") (1588–1643). 
Krefeld Mennonite Church.
In Krefeld Op den Graeff became a leader and of the Mennonite community, and in 1632 was one of two Krefeld Mennonite Church delegates to sign the Dordrecht Confession of Faith. In 1637 he was named as the „der hiesigen Mennoniten Herr Bischof" of Krefeld.
Descendants.
Some of Herman op den Graeff's descendents migrated to the United States. They are among the thirteen families often referred to as the Germantown, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Founders, who arrived on the ship "Concord" on October 6, 1683. Among these families were three op den Graeff brothers, including grandson Abraham op den Graeff, a cousin of William Penn, the founder of Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania Governor Samuel Whitaker Pennypacker was Herman's sixth-great grandson.
The Legend of the Lohengrin Swan.
A fictional book published in 2011 by Nancy Dellinger entitled the "The Legend of the Lohengrin Swan" plots Op den Graeff as a central figure leading during the tumultuous religious divisions and wars of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="21435116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435116" title="Anthony Harris (linebacker)">
Anthony Harris (linebacker)

Anthony Jerrod Harris (born January 25, 1973 in Fort Pierce, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Miami Dolphins.
Football scandal.
After leaving Auburn University in his Junior year, Harris ended up working for Parkway Academy Charter High School in Miramar, Florida. He originally started as a snack vendor, but was later promoted to the Head Coach of the school's football and track team. In the 2009-2010, Harris, who was the Head Football coach of Parkway Academy, made the team forfeit the their entire season because of being found guilty of violating 32 rules as stated in the guidelines by the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA) and was fined a record $260,800. Such violations included: "Anthony Harris helped Parkway students register for summer classes at West Park High School in Broward County in order to improve grades. But West Park is not approved to provide those services in Broward, nor is it accredited by an FHSAA-approved agency. Harris took checks from Parkway parents to West Park to pay for courses at the school."
Harris, who did not complete his Bachelor's Degree from Auburn University, he was instead promoted to Dean of Students of Parkway Academy, rather than getting fired.

</doc>
<doc id="21435127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435127" title="Villa Park, Denver">
Villa Park, Denver

Villa Park is a neighborhood of Denver, Colorado.
Geography.
The neighborhood is located in West Denver about two to three miles (5 km) west of Downtown Denver. The neighborhood is bounded on the north by Lakewood Gulch, on the east by Federal Boulevard, on the south by the 6th Avenue Freeway, and on the west by Sheridan Boulevard, except for a small notch occupying a few square blocks that protrudes to the west of Sheridan Boulevard between 10th Avenue and Lakewood Gulch. Generally, Sheridan Boulevard is the border between Jefferson County and the City and County of Denver. Feeder streets include 10th Avenue, Perry Street and Knox Court, the few streets with bridges across the major geographic barriers within the neighborhood. 
The neighborhood contains three small creeks: Lakewood Gulch, which provides the northern border for the neighborhood, Dry Gulch and Weir Gulch. The confluence of Lakewood and Dry gulches is located in the neighborhood near the intersection of 10th Avenue and Osceola Street. Martinez, Paco Sanchez, Lakewood/Dry Gulch, and Barnum North parks straddle the creeks as they meander through the neighborhood. Much of the areas around the creeks have a typical riparian environment and are more natural than many other areas of the city as a result. Several bike and pedestrian paths also follow the creeks and connect the neighborhood with the rest of the city. Because of the creeks and a general elevation gain towards the west, Villa Park is a very hilly neighborhood.
Character.
According to the Piton Foundation, the 2007 population of the neighborhood was 9,887. The neighborhood is about 80 percent Latino, 15 percent white and the rest from other ethnicities. The neighborhood also has a large immigrant community with more than 35 percent of residents born in another country. The population is mostly lower middle class with an average income of about $40,500, more than $15,000 a year less than the city of Denver's average yearly income. Around 24 percent of Villa Park's population is below the poverty line. Crime rates are close to Denver averages except for somewhat higher rates of burglary.
The neighborhood consists chiefly of single-family homes with some apartment buildings and several apartment complexes. Commercial development exists primarily on the major thoroughfares of Sheridan and Federal Boulevards with smaller commercial areas along Sixth and 10th avenues and Knox Court. In early 2013, the west corridor of the FasTracks is expected to be completed next to Lakewood Gulch. The west corridor project will provide light rail service to the neighborhood with stops at Knox Court, Perry Street and Sheridan Boulevard. It will be the first completed project of the FasTracks system.
History.
In 1871, Developers bought more than of land in the area that now includes Villa Park and the Barnum neighborhoods. Original plans called for a subdivision with artificial lakes, ravines and beautiful landscape design by Frederick Law Olmsted, the man who designed Central Park. The plan never came to fruition and the land was sold to Judge Hiram Bond who operated a cattle brokerage there until 1891. At that time it was sold by Bond to Helen Barnum Hurd Buchtel the daughter of circus owner Phineas Barnum, whose family was active in Denver real estate. Because of unfavorable geography, the Villa Park was slow to develop with only about 66 buildings in the area by the 1900 census. Single-unit construction continued slowly into the 1950s when most of the neighborhood had been fully developed. In the 1960s and 1970s, more multi-unit building construction occurred in Villa Park, primarily in the western side of the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="21435137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435137" title="Derrick Harris">
Derrick Harris

Sidney Derrick Harris is a former professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the St. Louis Rams and San Diego Chargers.
Harris had two receiving touchdowns for the 1998 St. Louis Rams; he had twelve of his career thirteen NFL catches in 1998. His other and final NFL touchdown came when he returned a blocked punt at New England on October 14, 2001, giving San Diego a 26-16 lead. (New England came back, tying the game in the final minute and then winning in overtime. The game-winning 46 yard field goal was the first of three overtime game winners for Adam Vinatieri during the 2001 regular season and playoffs. With the win, New England climbed to 2-3, barely avoiding a 1-4 start. The game marked the first come from behind win in Tom Brady's career, but the blocked punt, and his reaction to it, resulted in punter Lee Johnson's release following the game. Just four games earlier, Johnson had become the all-time leader in punting yardage, a feat made possible by some inferior Cincinnati Bengals and New England Patriots offenses over the course of Johnson's career.) Harris played in all 16 games with the 2001 Chargers, but would not play in the NFL again after 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21435141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435141" title="Sufi Muhammad">
Sufi Muhammad

Sufi Muhammad bin Alhazrat Hassan, born in Dir, is the founder of Tehreek-e-Nafaz-e-Shariat-e-Mohammadi (TNSM), a Pakistani militant organisation (declared a terrorist outfit and banned in 2002) vying for implementation of Sharia in Pakistan. It operates mainly in the Dir, Swat, and Malakand districts of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. Sufi Muhammad was jailed for sending thousands of volunteers to Afghanistan to fight the U.S. intervention in 2001. However, he was freed in 2008 after he renounced violence. He is the father-in-law of Maulana Fazlullah, who assumed the leadership of TNSM during Sufi's imprisonment
Background.
Sufi Muhammad, born in Maidan, Dir, received religious education at Panj Pir, Swabi. The madrassah, those son of whose father is none other than Major Amir, famous for attempting an overthrow of Benazir Bhutto in the late 1980s in the infamous operation Midnight Jackal, is well known for running an illegal FM radio station. Other alleged alumni include Mangal Bagh Afridi, Fakir Mohammad, and even (dubiously) Maulana Fazlullah. He is the father-in-law of Maulana Fazlullah, his one-time student. It is alleged by some sources that Fazlullah did not seek Sufi Muhammad's permission to marry his daughter, and, as a result, was in hiding in Bajaur agency for many years.
During the 1980s Sufi Muhammad actively participated in Jamaat-e-Islami, a Islamic political party of Pakistan. In 1992 he split from the group to form TNSM. TNSM was backed heavily by the government through Habibullah.
After the Taliban was ousted from power in Afghanistan in 2001, he organized thousands of militants to fight the Northern Alliance. When Muhammad returned to Pakistan, he was arrested.
Sufi Muhammad remained in prison until 2008 when he agreed in talks with the Government of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa to use his influence to work towards peace in the region.
February 2009 Ceasefire.
Maulana Sufi Muhammad took part in negotiations with the government that led to the announcement of a temporary ceasefire in the Malakand region on February 16, 2009. The Pakistani government agreed to allow the implementation of Sharia in the region once violence had stopped. Muhammad agreed to travel to Swat to discuss peace with Fazlullah and his followers. He told reporters, "We will soon open dialogue with the Taliban. We will ask them to lay down their weapons. We are hopeful that they will not let us down. We will stay here in the valley until peace is restored."
In early April 2009 Sufi Muhammad ended support for peace negotiations stating that the government was stalling the implementation of sharia courts in the Swat valley. President Asif Ali Zardari refused to sign any agreement until peace had been restored in the valley but failed to elaborate on how those conditions would be achieved.
However, the president signed the Nizam-e-Adl-Regulation law for Swat, after it was hurriedly pushed through the national parliament a few hours earlier on 13 April 2009.
On April 19, 2009 Sufi Muhammad declared that "democracy was un-Islamic" and that decisions made in the qazi courts could not be appealed in Pakistan's central judicial system. According to the cleric Western-style democracy had led to divides among Pakistanis and the judicial system had contributed to the factionalism. He ordered the central government to withdraw all judges from Malakand within four days and to set up a "Darul Qaza", an Islamic supreme court, to hear appeals from local Sharia courts.
2009 Arrests.
On 3 June 2009, while engaging in Operation Black Thunderstorm against the Taliban, the Pakistani Army arrested senior aides to Sufi Muhammad in the Amandara region in Lower Dir. Among those aides arrested were Muhammad's deputy, Mohammad Alam, and his spokesperson, Ameer Izzat Khan. Initial reports indicated that Sufi Muhammad himself and possibly two of his sons had also been detained although government sources would not confirm and would only say they knew of his "whereabouts." TNSM sources confirmed that Sufi Muhammad and his sons were missing but suggested that he had gone into hiding.
On 26 July 2009, the government announced the arrest of the cleric for encouraging violence and terrorism. On 2 August 2009, police announced that he had been charged with sedition, aiding terrorism and conspiracy.
In January 2011, Sufi Muhammad denied to an anti-terrorism court that he had any links to the anti-state Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and that he only sought enforcement of sharia in Malakand.

</doc>
<doc id="21435146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435146" title="Peter Videnieks">
Peter Videnieks

Peter Videnieks is a Commissioner with the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission. He was recently reappointed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid for a second two-year term expiring December 31, 2010.
Prior to his appointment, Videnieks served on the staff of Senator Robert Byrd (D-WV).
__TOC__
Biography.
Inslaw.
Videnieks' wife, Barbara Videnieks, also served on Senator Byrd's staff. During the early-1990s, she was Chief of Staff. On the evening of August 9, 1991, freelance writer Danny Casolaro intended to meet in Martinsburg, West Virginia, with two employees of Senator Byrd's staff. Barbara Videnieks was believed to be related to one of Casolaro's contacts. 
Shortly before noon, the following day, Casolaro was found dead in his hotel bathtub, the apparent victim of a suspicious suicide. Casolaro had been researching material for Inslaw Inc. and that material had centered on Inslaw's arguments in a very contentious bankruptcy liquidation case against the United States Department of Justice.
Videnieks was the Contract Officer who oversaw Inslaw Inc.'s Promis contract for the Management Division of the United States Department of Justice. Prior to joining the DoJ, Videnieks had administered three contracts between the Customs Service and Hadron Inc. Hadron was a competitor to Inslaw, and was under the direction of controlling shareholder, Earl Brian, the former California health secretary under Gov. Ronald Reagan from 1971-3.
At the time of Inslaw's contracts with Justice, Brian had become a venture-capitalist with a suspected connection to Director of Central Intelligence William J. Casey's covert intelligence operations. During investigations surrounding the Inslaw Affair, Brian was accused of receiving a stolen copy of Inslaw's Promis software from Videnieks.
In a court affidavit filed on March 21, 1991, by Michael Riconosciuto, on behalf of Inslaw's case, Riconosciuto claimed that "the Justice Department stole the Promis software as part of a payoff to Brian for helping to get some Iranian leaders to collude in the so-called October surprise." Moreover, Riconosciuto named both Brian and Videnieks as being "among the frequent visitors" to the Cabazon Indian Reservation in Indio, California, where the Cabazon Band of Indians had formed a joint venture with the Wackenhut Corporation of Coral Gables, Florida, to developed and market munitions "to support the needs of a number of foreign governments and forces, including forces and governments in Central America and the Middle East." By the early-1990s, the joint venture was rumored to be a California extension of the Iranian and Nicaraguan policy objectives of President Ronald Reagan's White House staff, more commonly known as the Iran Contra Affair.
Riconosciuto was a shady character with equally as shady contacts in black ops, according to the Executive Summary of the House Judiciary Investigation on Inslaw. He claimed to have been directed by Brian to reprogram Inslaw's software sometime between 1983–84 so that it could be sold to dozens of foreign governments with a secret "back door" which allowed outsiders to track individuals using the Promis software. Riconosciuto further claimed that Videnieks in a telephone conversation prior to Riconosciuto's filing of his affidavit threatened Riconosciuto's family with DoJ reprisals if Riconosciuto divulged any of this information in his initial interviews with House Judiciary investigators. Eight days after he filed his affidavit, Riconosciuto was arrested on serious drug charges, then later convicted, and sentenced to 30 years in federal prison. Soon afterwards, Riconosciuto's wife was arrested on child custody charges; she eventually lost custody of their children. During Riconosciuto's Tacoma, Washington, trial in which Riconosciuto claimed that he had been "set up" by the government on fraudulent drug charges, Videnieks denied ever having known Riconosciuto.
To this day, there has never been any reliable or conclusive documentation in support of Riconosciuto's allegations. Riconosciuto claimed to have made three tape recordings of their telephone conversation; however no tapes to corrobrate Riconosciuto's claims have ever surfaced. Additionally, in House Judiciary investigations into the Inslaw Affair both Brian and Videnieks "denied under oath even knowing each other" though the House Judiciary investigating committee received information from Margaret Wiencek and John Schoolmeester in apparent contradiction to both Brian and Videnieks.
Other.
Videnieks has been an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) revenue officer. (One of two Enterprise Computing Centers for the IRS is located in Martinsburg, West Virginia.)
Education.
Videnieks holds degrees from the University of Maryland (B.A. economics) and the George Washington University (M.S.A. with concentration in procurement and contracting).
Personal.
Videnieks was born in Latvia and lives with his wife Barbara J. Videnieks on a farm in Northern Virginia; they breed show dogs. His language skills are: Latvian, Spanish and German. His wife Barbara has served as the chief of staff of senator Byrd from at least 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21435178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435178" title="Joe Prokop">
Joe Prokop

Joseph Prokop is a former professional American football player who played punter for seven seasons for the Green Bay Packers, San Diego Chargers, New York Jets, San Francisco 49ers, Miami Dolphins, and New York Giants. He is now a coach for Brethren Christian High School in Huntington Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21435182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435182" title="Gabriella Pallotta">
Gabriella Pallotta

Gabriella Pallotta (born 6 October 1938) is an Italian film actress. She appeared in 22 films between 1956 and 1974. For the film "The Pigeon That Took Rome" (1962) she was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="21435201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435201" title="Season's Greetings (album)">
Season's Greetings (album)

"Season's Greetings" is a cover album by Tatsurō Yamashita, released in November 1993. It is sort of a holiday album, though some of the songs have nothing to do with christmas or the winter season.
"Season's Greetings" features an English version of his signature song "Christmas Eve". The remake version, that has lyrics written by Alan O'Day, was included on several reissues of the CD single of the song in later years.

</doc>
<doc id="21435202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435202" title="Rock Island (Ireland)">
Rock Island (Ireland)

Rock Island is a promontory in West Cork, Ireland, situated about west of the village of Goleen. Not a true island, Rock Island is surrounded on three sides by sea while a small strip of land with a road connects it to the mainland. It is notable for the Crookhaven Lighthouse which lights the way into the natural harbour of Crookhaven. Surrounding the lighthouse are nine cottages, once the property of Irish Lighthouses, now privately owned holiday cottages. These were formerly the accommodation for the lighthouse keepers and their families of three local lighthouses: Crookhaven, Mizen Head and Fastnet Rock. The lighthouses are now fully automatic, requiring no keepers.

</doc>
<doc id="21435205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435205" title="Private Equity International">
Private Equity International

Private Equity International (PEI) is a monthly magazine published by PEI Media, a London-headquartered financial media group dedicated to global alternative asset classes.
The magazine offers global news, features, comment and analysis on private equity and its practitioners. One of its regular coumns is "Privately Speaking", a series of interviews with industry figures such as Damon Buffini, Stephen Schwarzman, Martin Halusa, Howard Marks, Kevin Landry, William Macaulay and Sameer Al Ansari. PEI also features interviews with limited partners like the California State Teachers' Retirement System and TIAA-CREF.
Each year the magazine publishes a proprietary list of the world's largest private equity firms, called the PEI 50.

</doc>
<doc id="21435211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435211" title="Matteo Gladig">
Matteo Gladig

Matteo Gladig (1880, Triest – 1915, Ljubljana) was an Italian chess master.
Born in Triest (then Austria-Hungary Empire), he won at Triest 1905 ("torneo sociale della Società Scacchistica Triestina"), took 2nd, behind Giovanni Martinolich, at Triest 1909 ("campionato della SST"), and drew a short match with Oldřich Duras (+1 –1 =2) at Triest 1909. He won, ahead of Stefano Rosselli del Turco and Arturo Reggio, at Rome 1911 (unofficial Italian Chess Championship, "V Torneo dell'Unione Scacchistica Italiana").
During World War I, he – as an Austrian citizen of Italian origin – did not want to fight for an Austrian Army on the Italian Front. Finally, he was captured and tried in Laibach (Ljubljana, then Austria-Hungary) where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="21435212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435212" title="Politics of Brittany">
Politics of Brittany

The Politics of Brittany, France takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy, whereby the President of Regional Council is the head of government, and of a pluriform multi-party system. Legislative power is vested in the regional council.
Executive.
The executive of the region is led by the President of the regional council.
Legislative branch.
The Regional Council of Brittany ("Conseil régional de Bretagne","Kuzul Rannvroel Breizh") is composed of 83 councillors, elected by proportional representation in a two-round system. The winning list in the second round is automatically entitled to a quarter of the seats. The remainder of the seats are allocated through proportional representation with a 5% threshold.
The Council is elected for a six-year term.
Elections.
Other elections.
In the 2007 legislative election, 13 Socialists were elected. The UMP won 11 seats. One centrist affiliated with the MoDem (now New Centre) was elected. One PS dissident, Marcel Rogemont was also elected.

</doc>
<doc id="21435214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435214" title="Urania Genève Sport">
Urania Genève Sport

Urania Genève Sport is a Swiss omnisport club based in Geneva. Its football section was founded in 1896.
The current club was born in 1922 through a merger between FC Urania and FC Genève.
Its main title is the Swiss cup, won in 1929 against Young Boys. This same year, the club is champion of the French part of Switzerland (Champion romand).
In 1931, UGS finishes at the second place of the Swiss championship, behind Grasshopper Club Zürich.
Presently UGS plays in the fifth Swiss division, a non professional league.

</doc>
<doc id="21435228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435228" title="AN/PVS-4">
AN/PVS-4

AN/PVS-4 (more formally Night Vision Sight, Individual Served Weapon, AN/PVS-4) is the U.S. military designation for a specification of the first second generation passive Night vision device.
The AN/PVS-4 first saw widespread use during the Gulf War and later some deployment in the Iraq War and has since been replaced by modern third-generation weaponsights.
Introduction.
Although passive night vision technology capable of allowing vision under ambient starlight conditions has existed since the 1950s, it was not until the AN/PVS-4 was developed that a practical, high quality device that met military requirements was first made available.
Unlike earlier passive starlight weaponscopes the AN/PVS-4 provided a high quality image without significant distortion, could adjust to changing ambient light conditions, was able to take multiple reticles to operate in many roles and had protective features allowing it to shut down in the event of exposure to bright light, but still recover in time after a muzzle flash for the operator to see the round hit the target.
Using the MX-9644 Image Intensifier tube the AN/PVS-4 became one of the most widely used night vision scopes and has been in active use for more than a quarter of a century.
History.
Initial engineering development of the AN/PVS-4 was undertaken by Optic Electronic Corporation of Dallas, Texas, in 1975 as a replacement for the Vietnam War era AN/PVS-2 Starlight Scope.
In 1976, the first production contract was awarded for 47,074 units, and first deployed in 1978.
16,927 more units were produced between 1985 and 1989 and 24,046 more units produced between 1990 and 1992.
By 2002, more than 150,000 units had been produced within the United States alone.
Although production has ceased, as recently as 2008 the US Military was still obtaining parts to both repair AN/PVS-4s and convert AN/PVS-4s to AN/TVS-5As. It is still presently also upgrading AN/PVS-4s to AN/PVS4As also.
During the Gulf War, the AN/PVS-4 was widely deployed on a variety of weapons. The Gulf War represented the first war in which ground combat operations continued both day and night through the use of Night Vision Devices.
Although more modern equipment was available during the Iraq War, the AN/PVS-4 was still in active use. Production of the AN/PAS-13 thermal weaponsight began in 1996 and production of the AN/PVS-4 ceased entirely by 2002.
Design details.
The AN/PVS-4 uses a 25mm screw-type variable-gain Image Intensifier tube. Power is supplied by a single 2.7 volt mercury battery, type:BA-1567/U, BA-5567/U or BA-3058/U although two can be connected. The AN/PVS-4A uses two common AA batteries in a housing designed to fit the AN/PVS-4. AN/PVS-4s still in use today are typically upgraded to AA batteries even if they have not been upgraded to a third generation tube.
MX-9644 Image Intensifier Tube.
Much of the success and longevity of the AN/PVS-4 was due to the MX-9644 Image Intensifier tube. To make the tube more usable with
simple optics, a second-generation MCP based image intensifier was adapted to an electrostatic inverter, similar to a first-generation
image intensifier.
The result was that the tube produced an inverted image, simplifying the optical requirements of any night vision device that used it.
Although not a hybrid tube ( Gen1 and Gen2 in the same tube housing ) it nonetheless produced a gain of around 20,000 making it suitable for use
under starlight only conditions and even overcast starlight conditions in remote locations.
Subsequent Image Intensifier Tube Development.
The MX-9644 was later replaced by the MX-11620 Third-generation tube, which is a direct replacement for devices that were designed to use the MX-9644.
The MX-9644 tube was also continued in the form of the MX9644/UV which was a second generation tube although evidence exists that a further hybrid tube (Gen3 tube attached by FO to a Gen1 tube) was developed under this specification to provide far more gain, improved S/N and lower EBI. Hybrid tubes are capable of gains well in excess of 100,000 times. The Stinger Night Sight is a good example of Gen3+1 technology.
The ITT F4849 and ITT F4960 ( MX-11619 and MX-11620 ) were also developed which use a 25mm Gen3 tube. As these tubes were proximity focussed, it was necessary to add a Fiber-Optic inverter to the tube to both extend the optical length of the device and the Gen3 photocathode was also mounted in some cases on a Fiber Optic plate rather than the usual Gen3 glass plate to match the focal point of the AN/PVS-4 optics. These tubes provided significant performance increase in gain but very little in the way of resolution.
Two other tube developments that occurred but were not widely manufactured included optical relays to invert the image both in front and behind a Gen3 25mm tube. This allowed for significant increases in tube resolution and performance over the FO based third generation tubes and involved a lens assembly being housed in a container that matched the MX-9644 tube exactly.
Related development for driving based devices included Fiber Optic expanders that magnified the image and could be retrofitted to driving scopes that also used this tube.
Operation.
Operation of the device is through two controls located on the left side of the tube housing.
The lower control is an on/off switch for the image intensifier tube and secondarily controls the gain of the tube, allowing the operator to control the brightness of the image.
The upper control is an on/off switch for the illuminated reticle and secondarily allows the brightness of the reticle to be adjusted.
Elevation and Windage adjustment is made through turrets located on the objective lens. Each click equals 1/4 moa.
Day/Night Adapter.
The AN/PVS4 also has a Day/Night adapter that allows sighting in of the units during the day time or for daytime operation of the sight. Under extremely bright nighttime conditions, it may be necessary to use this adapter.
The adapter consists of three hole sizes spaced evenly around the periphery
These pass by three larger aperture holes and three dark glass lenses to allow for six different levels of light reduction into the scope.
As a result, the AN/PVS-4 can be used in lighting conditions ranging from midday-sun in the desert, through to very-bright-moonlight and high levels of urban lighting.
Under moonlight or lower conditions, the AN/PVS-4 can be used without the adaptor and the ABC or Automatic Brightness Controls will reduce the gain, although the image may be too bright for the reticle to show correctly.
When used, the image of the AN/PVS-4 is reduced and appears somewhat triangular.
Variants.
Although not specifically considered "Variants" there are a number of other models that share the AN/PVS-4 lineage and often use interchangeable components, including the image intensifier tube.
The addition of a "A" after the model, e.g., AN/PVS-4A, signifies a third-generation image intensifier tube and may be designated either after upgrade or at original manufacture. "A" variants typically use "AA" batteries.
AN/TVS-5.
The AN/TVS-5 is an observation scope, although it does come with reticles and can be used as a weaponsight as well. With a larger catadioptric lens and higher zoom level, it is rated with a detection
range of over 1 Kilometer with a third-generation image intensifier tube.
AN/PVS-8.
The AN/PVS-8 is a large-objective-lens version of the AN/PVS-4 and uses the same tube housing. Intended for mounting or use with tripod, it is an observation device and as such, does not include the reticle or the reticle brightness adjustment.
AN/PVS-20.
The AN/PVS-20 is a large-objective-lens version of the AN/PVS-4 intended for mounting on large weapons. It comes with bioptic as well as monocular eyepieces and uses the same tube housing as the AN/PVS-4.
Weighing in at 5.6 Kilograms, it is unlikely to be used on a hand-held weapon but is found on heavy mounted weapons including autocannons and heavy machine guns.
It comes default using AA batteries.
NVS-700.
The NVS-700 is the original designation of the Optic Electronics Corp. AN/PVS-4. This model is also manufactured in Iran.
NVS-800.
The NVS-800 is the original des of the Optic Electronics Corp. AN/TVS-5. This model is also manufactured in Iran.
Auto NVS-1.
Observation version of the AN/PVS-4 without a reticle, manufactured in Iran.
Auto NVS-2.
Binocular version of AN/PVS-4 without reticle, manufactured in Iran.
NVS-T 700.
Individual Night Vision Sight, With Reticle, manufactured in Iran.
NVS-T 800.
Binocular Night Vision scope, based on AN/TVS-5, manufactured in Iran.
IWS NL-84.
AN/PVS-4 made in Israel by New Noga Light.
NL-87.
AN/TVS-5 derivative made in Israel by New Noga Light.
NL-89.
AN/PVS-20 derivative made in Israel by New Noga Light.
Star-Tron.
The Star-Tron 426 is A surveillance device designed to make use of the Civilian version of the MX9644 tube, the F4845. It is thought that the F4845 were tubes that did not pass the milspec requirements.
NVM-4.
A small surveillance scope intended primarily for Law Enforcement use, that is designed specifically to use surplus MX9644 tubes from AN/PVS-4s that are upgraded to GenIII tubes.
ITT's F4960 Stinger night sight.
A direct descendant of the AN/PVS-4 using an advanced GenIII+I F4844 Image tube, it is capable of identifying targets at ranges of up to seven kilometers. It is intended as the sighting mechanism for the Stinger missile. It features as 2.26x zoom and a 23.5 degree field of view.
Reticles.
One of the unique capabilities of the AN/PVS-4 that is not available in many other night vision weaponsights is the field-changeable reticles.
By replacing the reticle, the AN/PVS-4 is able to provide service to a wider variety of weapons than any other weaponsight including Squad Automatic Weapons, rocket launchers, grenade launchers, Shoulder-launched Multipurpose Assault Weapons and recoilless rifles.
Crosshair.
The crosshair is the most basic reticle for the AN/PVS-4 and is available as either a simple crosshair, A mildot crosshair or as an aimpoint crosshair. 
M16/M203/M79.
The M16 reticle features a range-estimator and a three-point cross-hair that provides an aiming point for close range, 200m and 400m. The same reticle is also used for the M203 and the M79.
M60/M14/M249.
The M60 reticle is similar to the M16 reticle but contains points rathers than crosshairs for 200m, 400m and 600m. This reticle is used for the M14 and M249 also. 
M72A1.
The M72A1 reticle contains a rangefinder with marks for 100, 200, and 300 metres.
M67.
The M67 reticle is similar to the M72A1 reticle, but contains range marks for 200, 400, 600, and 800 metres. 
F4960 Stinger night sight.
The Stinger reticle is very different in that it is a rear-mounted illuminated reticle -the reticle is built into the tube and positioned on top of the screen so both the screen and reticle are in focus. It also allows red-on-green illumination which makes the reticle stand out. The top circle is the rangefinding circle and the lower three locations are for sighting. 
Location of Manufacture.
The AN/PVS-4 is one of the most widely manufactured night vision sights in the world, with many countries making their own version either under license to the US or as a variant.
US Manufacturers.
Originally manufactured by Optic-Electronic Corp in Texas, also manufactured by Varo (Litton), ITT and Northrop Grumman and Ni-Tec Inc. in Niles Illinois.
Pakistan.
The Institute Of Optronics (IOP) manufactures the AN/PVS-4 and AN/TVS-5 under license.
Germany.
Euroatlas manufacture the AN/PVS-4 and AN/TVS-5 Night Vision Sights under license.
Iran.
Iran Electronics Industries manufacture the NVS-700(AN/PVS-4) and NVS-800(AN/TVS-5)
Singapore.
Thales Optronics Systems manufacture the NVS-700(AN/PVS-4) and NVS-800(AN/TVS-5)
Israel.
New Noga Light, a subsidiary of Star Night Technologies, manufactures a range of NVDs including the NL84, NL87 and NL89 variants of the AN/PVS4, AN/TVS5 and AN/PVS20
Alternate Use.
The AN/PVS-4 is also commonly used for surveillance operations and surplus units are commonly donated to police forces.
There are also surveillance model derivatives specifically designed to use civilian versions of the tube, such as the Star-Tron, which uses the ITT F4845 25mm tube.
Additionally, companies such as AB Night Vision also produce after-market surveillance device housings such as the NVM-4A for law enforcement and civilian use that take surplus military MX9644 tubes.
Summary.
Despite being obsoleted by newer technology, especially third-generation night vision, the AN/PVS-4 is still a capable device and still far exceeds the quality of many contemporary civilian devices.
While considered an older scope, it still shows up from time to time as a second-hand or used item at weapon shows and through private sales, although good quality units are still sought after and difficult to come by.
Although the military is presently phasing this unit out, older devices are frequently donated to police services for reuse and so the AN/PVS-4 is likely to remain in use for some time.
Cultural impact and civilian ownership.
Although the AN/PVS-4 is one of the best-known Night Vision Devices it is not a commonly recognized device. Up until recent times, prohibitive costs and availability limitations on
devices such as the AN/PVS-4 resulted in very few items being available outside of the Military.
Because of the limited availability of 25mm image intensifier tubes and housings to civilians, what AN/PVS-4s did become available tended to have well used tubes and as a result, civilians tended to avoid buying them.
The availability of third-generation riflescopes of higher quality for professionals would have provided another option for shooters while the lower cost of first-generation consumer
night vision devices would have led to lower end consumers purchasing cheaper imported scopes.
However the AN/PVS-4 does have a reputation for holding zero and being able to withstand high recoil, making it popular amongst enthusiasts who are able to get a reasonable good condition item.
The optics are considered exceptional, even by contemporary standards and the biggest drawback compared to modern scopes is the weight.
Although the AN/PVS-4 has not had a great deal of cultural impact, its legacy of high quality night vision has become a staple of movies and television shows which often do not show real equipment.
As a result, very few people that do not have military, firearm or night-vision experience are likely to recognize one visually.
Notable use.
The AN/PVS-4 is used by the Grupo Especial de Operaciones (Special Operations Group, GEO) in Spain. <br>
Formerly a standard weapon of the US Marine Corps <br>
Formerly a standard weapon of Turkey

</doc>
<doc id="21435229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435229" title="Cork senior hurling team season 2009">
Cork senior hurling team season 2009

The 2009 season will be the Cork senior hurling team's 122nd consecutive season appearing in the Championship, and their 78th season appearing in the National Hurling League. The season has, for a second year running, began badly as the hurling panel withdrew their services because their confidence in manager Gerald McCarthy has been eroded.
Panel statistics.
Management teams.
Following the resignation of Gerald McCarthy and his selectors, the following management team was put in place on a temporary basis on 12 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21435230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435230" title="CR Rao Advanced Institute of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science">
CR Rao Advanced Institute of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science

CR Rao Advanced Institute of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science (also called AIMSCS) was founded in 2007 as a leading institute for basic research in statistics, computer science and mathematics. It is located on the campus of the University of Hyderabad and construction is underway. 
It is named after CR Rao, statistician, as it was built on his suggestion. The government funded institute intends to improve teaching methods and to encourage basic research in mathematical and social sciences. S.B. Rao was the first director and Allam Appa Rao is the current director.
It has received 10 million rupees in grants from the State Government and individual donors and is seeking a further 50 million rupees from the DST.

</doc>
<doc id="21435235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435235" title="Diário de Coimbra">
Diário de Coimbra

Diário de Coimbra is one of the three main newspapers of Coimbra, Portugal.
Its current editor-in-chief is Adriano Lucas.

</doc>
<doc id="21435236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435236" title="Cavum veli interpositi">
Cavum veli interpositi

In the brain, the cavum veli interpositi (CVI) is a condition in which the cistern of the velum interpositum becomes dilated. The phenomenon usually occurs in newborns.
Axial MR/CT show a triangular-shaped cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) space between the lateral ventricles. On sagittal images, CVI can appear as a slit-like, linear-to-round/ovoid CSF collection below the fornices, and above the 3rd ventricle.
There are usually no associated abnormalities, although larger lesions may cause an obstructive hydrocephalus. No treatment is usually necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="21435240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435240" title="Au fond du temple saint">
Au fond du temple saint

"" ("In the depths of the temple") is a duet from Georges Bizet's 1863 opera "Les pêcheurs de perles". The libretto was written by Eugène Cormon and Michel Carré. Generally known as "The Pearl Fishers' Duet", it is one of the best-known numbers in Western opera. It is sung by Nadir (tenor) and Zurga (baritone) in act 1.
Context.
After a self-imposed absence, Nadir returns to the shores of Ceylon, where his friend Zurga has just been elected Fisher King by the local pearl fishermen. The two had once fallen in love with the same woman, but then vowed each other to renounce that love and remain true to each other. On meeting again, they sing this duet.
Later, the audience learns from a soliloquy by Nadir that he, despite his vows, had pursued the veiled woman and had returned only because of a rumour that she might be found there. By the end of act 1, Nadir and the woman, Leïla, have found each other and declared their passion. During act 2, their love is discovered by the fishermen who demand from Zurga that Nadir be executed. Only after Zurga recognises that the veiled woman is Leïla, he is overcome by jealousy and rage and orders both to be put to death. In act 3, Zurga realises that his love for Leïla is in vain and helps them flee from the funeral pyre by distracting the fishermen. After the loving couple have escaped, reprising the melody of this duet, the fishermen return and kill Zurga.
A key moment in the opera, this duet is the clearest depiction of the triangular relationships between the protagonists. The obvious situation at this point is that males will value their friendship higher than a heterosexual relationship. Peter Weir uses this duet in his 1981 film "Gallipoli" without the heterosexual aspect, purely to express male mateship and loyalty between a pair of doomed soldiers. A different view is possible by a reading of the duet as a "pair of parallel monologues", emphasizing the rivalry and deceit between the men.
Music.
The duet starts in the key of E-flat major and the time signature of common time (); after a general pause following the words "Elle fuit!", the score briefly omits all signature accidentals, and the time signature changes at "Non, que rien ne nous sépare" to before returning to the starting configuration on "Oui, c'est elle" in the final duet. Nadir's part ranges from F3 to B4 with the tessitura between A3 and G4. Zurga's part ranges from D3 to E4. Depending on the version and on cuts to the recitatives within the aria, it takes between 4 1/2 to 6 minutes to perform.

</doc>
<doc id="21435243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435243" title="Item One">
Item One

Item One () is a 1956 Bulgarian drama film directed by Boyan Danovski. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21435253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435253" title="Alfred Nelson-Williams">
Alfred Nelson-Williams

Brigadier Alfred Claude Nelson-Williams (SL 215) of the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces (RSLAF) is a Sierra Leonean army officer and Chief of Defense Staff (CDS) for Sierra Leone from 2008 to 2010. Nelson-Williams holds degrees from Junior and Senior Command and Staff Colleges in Ghana, as a Fellow of the Nigeria War College, in Management and Public Administration at the University of Ghana at Legon, and as a Master of Science at the University of Ibadan in Nigeria. His honours and awards include an ECOMOG Medal as well as long service, efficiency and gallantry medals. He also earned a National Award as Grand Officer of the Order of Rokel.
Military career.
Early career.
Nelson-Williams entered into the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces in 1975 as an enlisted serviceman, then became commissioned as a regular combatant officer after completing an officer cadet training program in the Egyptian Military Academy in April 1978. Between 1978 and 1980 he continued to rise in the ranks, serving as a platoon commander and then as a mechanical and transport officer (MTO) in the second battalion, Republic of Sierra Leone Regiment (2RSLAR). In 1983, he was tasked to head the anti-smuggling squad while serving in the First Battalion, Republic of Sierra Leone Regiment (1RSLAR). After distinguishing himself in this service by arresting the organizers of an $11.5 M diamond racket in Kono despite being offered a bribe of $100 K and a brand new Mercedes-Benz, Nelson-Williams moved up to the position of adjutant of the 1RSLAR in 1984, preparing him for further roles in military administration. In 1985 he completed a junior division command and staff course in Ghana Armed Forces Command and Staff College, and in 1986, he was appointed to head an anti-corruption squad. He returned to the adjutant post after this appointment, holding it from 1987 to 1990.
Service in the First Liberian Civil War.
After serving this stint as adjutant, in 1991 Nelson-Williams was chosen to serve among the troops Sierra Leone contributed to the Economic Community of West African States Monitoring Group (ECOMOG) peace enforcement operations deployed by the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to the First Liberian Civil War. Nelson-Williams was initially appointed deputy chief military intelligence officer at ECOWAS headquarters, but was recalled to Sierra Leone. After this recall, he rejoined the ECOMOG force in several positions, distinguishing himself in particular at the Bo waterside by being the first officer to capture the Mano River Union Bridge, a major objective. After a brief return to Sierra Leone to serve as military assistant to the National Security Adviser in 1992, he returned to Liberia, where he was appointed contingent commander and commanding officer of the Sierra Leone contingent. For his distinguished and meritorious tour, he has been awarded a medal for his participation in ECOMOG (1992), a Gallantry Medal (1993) and a Long Service and Efficiency Medal (1994).
Return to Sierra Leone.
In the later part of 1994, he served as administration and logistics staff officer grade one. In 1995 he worked as the principal staff officer to the CDS before enrolling in the Senior Division Staff and Command course at the Ghana Armed Forces Command and Staff College. He then earned a public administration diploma from the Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration at Legon before returning to serve as the commanding officer for the 1RSLAR until 1997. In 1998, he was posted to the Armed Forces Training Center in Benguema and appointed commandant. In 2000, he served as Director of Land Operations (DLOP) in the Sierra Leone Civil War.
After the Sierra Leone Civil War.
Nelson-Williams then proceeded to enroll at the Nigerian National War College. He was honored as a Fellow of the War College upon graduation, and was later recognized as a Distinguished Star Alumnus in 2009. He was invited to the University of Ibadan in Nigeria to read for a Master of Science degree in strategic and defence studies which he completed with a thesis on "the role of the military in sustaining peace and democracy in post-war Sierra Leone."
Upon his return to Sierra Leone in 2002, he was appointed assistant Chief of Defense Staff (ACDS) Ops & Plans and promoted to the substantive rank of Brigadier General. In 2003, he was appointed deputy Chief of Defence Staff (DCDS) in addition to his appointment as ACDS Ops & Plans. In 2005, he relinquished his appointment of ACDS Ops & Plans and fully concentrated on his new responsibility as the Deputy Chief of Defence Staff and military spokesman. He was presented with the honor of "Grand Officer of the Order of Rokel" in 2007, and appointed to the position of Chief of the Defence Staff on Friday, September 12, 2008, by President Ernest Bai Koroma, succeeding Major General Edward Sam M’boma. In August 2010, he was placed on terminal leave by president Ernest Bai Koroma and succeeded as CDS by Robert Yira Koroma.
International Diplomatic Work.
Nelson-Williams was part of the delegation of the Commonwealth Heads of State meeting held in Nassau, Bahamas in 1985. He has attended the Africa Center for Strategic Studies (ACSS) organized by the United States Government in Senegal in 2003. He was actively engaged in the week of senior officers of African countries held in Beijing, China in 2007 at the National Defence University. He has taken part in two African Command (AFRICOM) dialogues in Washington DC sponsored by the United States Government and Department for Defence in 2007 and 2008 and the Forum for Africa held at the Institute of Higher Studies and National Defence in Paris, France in 2008. He served as a representative at the United Nations in New York and paved the way to send troops of the RSLAF on peace support operations. He is a co-author of the book "Security Sector Review in Sierra Leone -1996-2007" sponsored by the British Government, Foreign Ministry and the Department for International Development.
Family.
Brigadier Nelson-Williams is married to Mrs. Gloria Nelson-Williams. They have three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21435256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435256" title="Puerto Rican citizenship">
Puerto Rican citizenship

Puerto Rican citizenship was first legislated by the U.S. Congress in Article 7 of the Foraker Act of 1900 and later recognized in the Puerto Rican constitution. On October 25, 2006, Juan Mari Brás became the first person to receive a Puerto Rican citizenship certificate from the Puerto Rico Department of State. According to the Puerto Rico Supreme Court, "Under the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, those persons born in Puerto Rico and subject to its jurisdiction, are citizens of Puerto Rico. Such citizenship is not the national citizenship of an independent country or state, but it does not imply mere residency either." 
United States recognition of Puerto Rican citizenship.
On April 12, 1900, the Congress of the United States enacted the Foraker Act of 1900, which replaced the governing military regime in Puerto Rico with a civil form of government. Section VII of this act created a Puerto Rican citizenship for the residents "born in Puerto Rico and, therefore, subject to its jurisdiction". The Puerto Rican citizenship replaced the Spanish citizenship that Puerto Ricans enjoyed at the time of the American invasion in 1898. Such Puerto Rican citizenship was granted by Spain in 1897. This citizenship was reaffirmed by the United States Supreme Court in 1904 by its ruling in which denied that Puerto Ricans were United States citizens and labeled them as noncitizen nationals. In a 1914 letter of refusal to the offer of U.S. citizenship and addressed to both the President of the United States and the U.S. Congress, the Puerto Rico House of Delegates stated ""We, Porto Ricans, Spanish-Americans, of Latin soul ... are satisfied with our own beloved Porto Rican citizenship, and proud to have been born and brethren in our own motherland."" The official 1916 Report by the American colonial governor of Puerto Rico to the U.S. Secretary of War (the old name for the Secretary of the Army), addresses both citizenships, the Puerto Rican citizenship and United States citizenship, in the context of the issuance of passports, further evidencing that the Puerto Rican citizenship did not disappear when the Americans took over the island in 1898.
Puerto Rican citizenship and Puerto Rican nationality.
A 1918 official report from the American colonial governor of Puerto Rico to the U.S. Secretary of War, this one after the Jones Act of 1917 had become law, states that the "passports...used to prove a person's nationality," thus making clear that Puerto Rican citizenship and Puerto Rican nationality were one and the same. Currently, the United States government recognizes this status in its own records. For example, the CIA World Fact Book, states that the nationality of Puerto Ricans is not "American" but, in fact, ""Puerto Rican."" The Spanish Government also recognizes Puerto Ricans as a people with Puerto Rican, "and not American," citizenship. It also provides Puerto Rican citizens privileges not provided to citizens of several other nations. Since 2007, the Government of Puerto Rico has been issuing "Certificates of Puerto Rican Citizenship."
United States citizenship.
On March 2, 1917, the Jones-Shafroth Act was signed, collectively making Puerto Ricans citizens without rescinding their Puerto Rican citizenship. In 1922, the U.S. Supreme court in the case of "Balzac v. Porto Rico" ruled that the full protection and rights of the U.S constitution do not apply to residents of Puerto Rico until they come to reside in the United States proper. Luis Muñoz Rivera, who participated in the creation of the Jones-Shafroth Act, gave a speech in the U.S. House floor that argued in favor of Puerto Rican citizenship. He declared that "if the earth were to swallow the island, Puerto Ricans would prefer American citizenship to any citizenship in the world. But as long as the island existed, the residents preferred Puerto Rican citizenship." The Jones Act allowed locals to renounce the United States citizenship and remain exclusively Puerto Rican citizens, at the cost of being stripped of the right to vote. Despite these arbitrary limitations, 287 residents completed the process to forfeit the statutory recognition.
In 1952, upon U.S. Congress approving the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, also reaffirmed that Puerto Rican citizenship continued in full force. This was further reaffirmed in 2006 while the U.S. Senate probed into the President's Task Force on Puerto Rico's status. In 1953, U.S Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr., in a memorandum sent to the United Nations, recognized that "the people of Puerto Rico continue to be citizens of the United States as well as of Puerto Rico."
Puerto Rican citizenship reaffirmed.
In 1994, Puerto Rican activist Juan Mari Brás flew to Venezuela and renounced his US citizenship before a consular agent in the US Embassy. Mari Brás through his renunciation of U.S. citizenship, sought to redefine Section VII as a source of law that recognized a Puerto Rican nationality separate from that of the United States. In December 1995, his denaturalization was confirmed by the US State Department. Among the arguments that ensued over his action was whether he would now be able to vote in elections in Puerto Rico. On November 18, 1997, the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico through its ruling in "Miriam J. Ramirez de Ferrer v. Juan Mari Brás" reaffirmed the Puerto Rican citizenship by ruling that U.S. citizenship was not a requirement to vote in Puerto Rico. According to the court's majority opinion, the Puerto Rican citizenship is recognized several times in the Puerto Rican constitution including section 5 of article III, section 3 of article IV, and section 9 of article V. In a 2006 memorandum, the Secretary of Justice of Puerto Rico concluded, based on the Mari Brás case, that the Puerto Rican citizenship is "separate and different" from the United States citizenship.
The Puerto Rico Supreme Court decision affirms that persons born in Puerto Rico and persons subject to their jurisdiction are citizens of Puerto Rico under the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Constitution. The Court cited as part of the applicable jurisdiction to decide this case, "United States v. Cruikshank", 92 U.S. 542 (1875) pp 549, the U.S. Supreme Court affirm: There is in our political system a government of each of the several States, and a Government of the United States. Each is distinct from the others, and has citizens of its own who owe it allegiance, and whose rights, within its jurisdiction, it must protect. The same person may be at the same time a citizen of the United States and a citizen of a State, but his rights of citizenship under one of those governments will be different from those he has under the other.
Also the Puerto Rico Supreme Court cited U.S. Supreme Court case "Snowden v. Hughes", 321 U.S. 1, 7 (1943) that affirm: The protection extended to citizens of the United States by the privileges and immunities clause includes those rights and privileges which, under the laws and Constitution of the United States, are incident to citizenship of the United States, but does not include rights pertaining to state citizenship and derived solely from the relationship of the citizen and his state established by state law. The right to become a candidate for state office, like the right to vote for the election of state officers, is a right or privilege of state citizenship, not of national citizenship, which alone is protected by the privileges and immunities clause.
Finally, the Puerto Rico Supreme Court affirms that Puerto Rican citizenship identifies the persons that have it as integral members of the Puerto Rican community. This is the integral juridical tie between the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and their citizens. The court stated that "Puerto Rican political community is defined better by the citizenship of Puerto Rico than by US citizenship. That is a fact not subject to historical rectifications and a reality which no law can change."
However, Governor Pedro Rosselló on November 17, 1997 signed Law 132 which amends Puerto Rico's Political Code and literally states that "Toda persona que posea la nacionalidad y sea ciudadano de los Estados Unidos y residente dentro de la jurisdicción del territorio de Puerto Rico será ciudadano de Puerto Rico.", or "Every person who posseses the nationality and is a citizen of the United States and resides within the jurisdiction of the territory of Puerto Rico shall be a citizen of Puerto Rico". This law supersedes all previous laws and Supreme Court opinions drafted prior to the law's enactment. It must be noted that while the most recent court opinion was issued the day after Law 132 was enacted, it was drafted prior to, and makes no reference to, Law 132.
Since the summer of 2007, the Puerto Rico State Department has developed a protocol to grant Puerto Rican citizenship certificates to Puerto Ricans. Certificates of Puerto Rican citizenship are issued to any persons born on the island as well as to those born outside of the island that have at least one parent who was born on the island. Any U.S. citizen with at least one year of residence on the island is also eligible for the official citizenship certificate. The certificate is not a valid travel document. From 2009 to 2013, Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock, the author of Law 132-2007, did not sign any Puerto Rican citizenship certificates.
Judicial review.
In the case of "Colon v. U.S. Department of State", 2 F.Supp.2d 43 (1998), plaintiff was a United States citizen born in Puerto Rico and resident of Puerto Rico, who executed an oath of renunciation before a consular officer at the U.S. Embassy in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. In rejecting Plaintiff’s renunciation, the Department notes that Plaintiff demonstrated no intention of renouncing all ties to the United States. While Plaintiff claims to reject his United States citizenship, he nevertheless wants to remain a resident of Puerto Rico. Plaintiff’s response to the Secretary’s position is to claim a fundamental distinction between United States and Puerto Rican citizenship. The U.S. Department of State position asserts that renunciation of U.S. citizenship must entail renunciation of Puerto Rican citizenship as well. The court does decide to not enter to the merits of the citizenship issue; however the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia rejected Colon’s petition for a writ of mandamus directing the Secretary of State to approve a Certificate of Loss of Nationality in the case because the plaintiff wanted to retain one of the primary benefits of U.S. citizenship while claiming he was not a U.S. citizen. The Court described the plaintiff as a person, "claiming to renounce all rights and privileges of United States citizenship, Plaintiff wants to continue to exercise one of the fundamental rights of citizenship, namely to travel freely throughout the world and when he wants to, return and reside in the United States. The court based this decision on the Immigration and Nationality Act section 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(38), that provide the term “United States” definition and evince that Puerto Rico is a part of the United States for such purposes.
Based on the federal court ruling on "Colon v. U.S. Department of State", months after the U.S. State Department accepted his renunciation, the president of the Puerto Rico Socialist Party, Juan Mari Bras, was notified on June 4, 1998, by the U.S Department of State, that they were rescinding their acceptance, and refused to accept Juan Mari Bras renunciation, determining that Mari Brás could not renounce his American citizenship because he did not request another national citizenship, and he was born and remains living and working in Puerto Rico. This, said the federal agency, makes Mari Brás a U.S. citizen, the only national citizenship that Washington recognizes for Puerto Ricans.
International recognition.
The certificate is recognized as a legitimate document by the Spanish government. Based on the Spanish Civil Code's Organic Law 4/2000 (enacted January 11, 2000 and amended by Royal Decree on April 20, 2011) which covers the awarding of the Spanish citizenship to foreigners, those that possess the document are considered Ibero-American nationals. On June 25, 2007, the General Directory of Registry and Notary Affairs of the Ministry of Justice the passed RDGRN 25-06-2007, which recognized Puerto Rico as an Ibero-American country as far as the Spanish Civil Code is concerned. To further confirm this stance, the Ministry of Justice has included Puerto Rico in their list of Ibero-American countries eligible to acquire the Spanish citizenship with priority, while also excluding the Caribbean countries of Jamaica, Haiti, Guyana, and Trinidad & Tobago. The certificate of Puerto Rican citizenship is the foremost requisite to qualify under these circumstances. The other requisite is at least two years of continuous residence in Spanish soil. Puerto Ricans that only possess the United States citizenship are not considered residents of an Iberoamerican country and do not receive priority, requiring instead ten years of continuous residence. In legal terms, Puerto Ricans that acquire the Spanish citizenship with the use of the certificate would possess four citizenships recognized in Europe: those of Puerto Rico, the United States, Spain and the European Union (automatically granted along that of Spain). On September 23, 2013, Representative Manuel Natal Albelo presented a bill that would render official the international recognition of the Puerto Rican citizenship through the Secretary of State, pursuing more rights within the international community.

</doc>
<doc id="21435260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435260" title="Peter Bullock (scientist)">
Peter Bullock (scientist)

Peter Bullock (6 July 1937 – 5 April 2008) was a soil scientist whose initial work in the field of soil micromorphology preceded an interest in land degradation. His advocacy of the need to treat soil as a sustainable resource led to his appointment to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (the work of the IPCC, including the contributions of many scientists, was recognised by the joint award of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize).
Life and career.
Bullock was born in Kinlet, Bridgnorth, Shropshire and attended Bridgnorth Grammar School. After graduating in geography from the University of Birmingham, he joined the Soil Survey of England and Wales (SSEW) as a surveyor, before completing a master's in agricultural chemistry at the University of Leeds. Awarded a Fulbright scholarship, he completed his doctorate at Cornell University and worked for the United States Department of Agriculture, before returning England in 1967. He took the post of head of the mineralogy section of the SSEW where he became a world expert in soil micromorphology. By the 1980s he was head of research, and was instrumental in the survey's transfer to Cranfield Institute of Technology and its continued existence in face of government threats of withdrawal of funding.
Appointed director of the Soil Survey and Land Research Centre, his involvement in national and international scientific and advisory bodies grew: his role as special advisor to the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution's inquiry into the sustainable use of soil led to an invitation to join the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). He shared in the IPCC's award of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize, demonstrating the role played by soil in the Earth's ecosystem and the impact of climate change on land degradation. As emeritus professor of land resource management of Cranfield University, he was instrumental in the establishment of the World Soil Survey Archive and Collection (WOSSAC) and in the development of the Soil-Net educational resource. 
Bullock was married to Patricia and had two children. He died of liver cancer in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21435297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435297" title="Dominicus Custos">
Dominicus Custos

Dominicus Custos (1560–1612) was a Flemish artist, printer and copperplate engraver, who worked in the service of Emperor Rudolph II in Prague.
Dominicus was born in Antwerp, the son of Pieter Balten, and settled in Augsburg as the second husband of the widow of Bartholomäus Kilian (1548–1588), a goldsmith from Silesia and the father of Wolfgang and Lukas Kilian; they were trained by Dominicus in the art of engraving after their father's death. Dominicus was the father of David Custodis, also an Augsburg engraver.
Custos and the humanist Marcus Henning collaborated in producing the work ""Tirolensium principum comitum"" which appeared in 1599 and depicted 28 Counts of Tyrol from Albert IV (1190-1253) to Rudolf II (1552-1612). Custos was responsible for the engravings while Henning took care of the text and eulogies. (see The Spanish Hall at Schloss Ambras)
Between 1602 and 1604 he published the ""Atrium heroicum"" in four parts. This was a collection of 171 engraved portraits of rulers, nobles, statesmen, dignitaries, celebrities, military leaders and important businessmen of the 16th century, and was the equivalent of a modern "Who's Who". Custos' stepsons, Wolfgang and Lukas assisted in the work, and later his three own sons contributed. Portraits from his previous collections ""Fuggerorum et Fuggerarum Imagine"" (1593) and ""Tirolensium principum comitum Eicon"" (1599) were included. The wide geographical coverage of his work is noteworthy - many European and even some eastern countries are represented. The work, with a few exceptions, is completely dominated by male notables. The Latin inscriptions were again penned by Marcus Henning of Augsburg, since Custos had little proficiency in the language.
Custos also produced ""Armamentarium Heroicum"", a collection of 125 engravings after drawings by Giovanni Battista Fontana, and showing the arms collection of Archduke Ferdinand of Tyrol who had started an arms museum in Ambras Palace near Innsbruck. The plates are accompanied by biographical text on the original owners of the armour and written by the Archduke's secretary, Jacob Schrenck von Notzing.
Custos died in Augsburg. His sons Raphael, David and Jacob Custos continued his workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="21435304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435304" title="Peter Bullock">
Peter Bullock

Peter Bullock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435311" title="Tadhg Óg Murphy">
Tadhg Óg Murphy

Tadhg Óg Murphy (born 6 January 1986 in Glanmire, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Sarsfield's and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009.
Biography.
Tadhg Óg Murphy was born in Glanmire, County Cork in 1986. He was born into a family that was steeped in hurling tradition. His grandfather, Bertie Murphy, played junior hurling with Cork in the 1940s. His father, Tadhg Murphy, was a dual player with Cork in the late 1970s and early 1980s while his uncle, Bertie Óg Murphy, also played with the Cork hurling team in the 1970s and 1980s before serving as manager of the team in the early 2000s.
Playing career.
Club.
Murphy plays his club hurling with his local club called Sarsfield's. He enjoyed much success at juvenile levels, however, he narrowly missed out on the club's underage boom at minor and under-21 levels in the early part of the new century. In 2008 Sarsfield's reached the county final of the senior championship. A narrow 2-14 to 2-13 victory over Bride Rovers gave Murphy a coveted cork senior championship winners' medal and gave 'Sars' a first county final win since 1957.
Inter-county.
Murphy first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the so-called Cork 'development panel' in late 2008. This new team came into being as a result of the 2008 hurling panel's refusal to play under manager Gerald McCarthy. Murphy first lined out for Cork in a challenge game to celebrate the 150th anniversary of St. Colman's College in Fermoy. On that occasion the new Cork team defeated a star-studded St. Colman's team which featured many Cork stars of the past. He later impressed in some subsequent challenege games and was named on the starting fifteen for Cork's National Hurling League campaign. Murphy made his competitive senior debut in the 4-14 to 1-14 defeat by Dublin in the opening round of the National League in 2009. Since then Cork have been defeated by both Tipperary and Galway. The resignation of Gerald McCarthy as manager resulted in the 2008 panel returning to the inter-county set-up. Murphy was one of four players from the old 2009 panel who was included for Cork's National League clash with Clare.

</doc>
<doc id="21435323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435323" title="St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church">
St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church

St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church, also known as St. James and St. John's Roman Catholic Church, is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States and was one of the earliest neighborhood parishes established in the central city (1833). It is a High Victorian Gothic influenced brick structure with Romanesque Revival overtones built 1865-67. It has a tall central tower and featured an ornate interior with marble sculpture and murals. The church is 184 feet long, 65 feet wide, and the ceiling is 51 feet from the floor. The steeple, at 256 feet, is the second tallest church tower in the city (next to First and Franklin Street Presbyterian Church at West Madison Street and Park Avenue, in Mount Vernon-Belveere neighborhood, constructed 1875), which dominates Old East Baltimore. The cross surmounting the spire, is 10 feet tall. There is a peal of four bells in the tower, the largest weighing 5000 pounds, cast by McShane of Baltimore, in 1885. The tower clock was installed during the same year. The magnificent and priceless 25 foot-high Mayer windows were installed in 1891. The church is an early work of George A. Frederick (1842-1924), a prolific and prominent architect in Baltimore who designed various buildings in the city including the Baltimore City Hall in 1875. The interior features three large interior murals painted about 1886 by the German-born artist William Lamprecht and marble sculpture work by the Baltimore sculptor Joseph Martin Sudsburg. In 1966, the neighbouring parish of St. John the Evangelist was closed, and the new parish of St. James and St. John, was formed, the congregation worshipping at St. James. The parish was dissolved around 1986, and the former St. James Church was sold to an evangelical church. Most regrettably, the church has been stripped of its windows, altars, marble communion rail, pipe organ, and other artifacts, and the church has been whitewashed, destroying its beautiful and historic murals.
St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21435325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435325" title="Charles Waters">
Charles Waters

Charles Waters (b. May 29, 1787 Vermont; d. September 9, 1869) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Prescott in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1835 to 1836 as a Reformer.
Waters was the son of Abel Waters, who served in the King's American Dragoons. He married Maria Frost. Waters served in the county militia, was a justice of the peace and coroner for the Ottawa District. He helped write the Seventh Report for the Grievances Committee. On Jan. 23, 1835, Wm. Lyon MacKenzie was given the appointment to move forward with the Grievances Report. Waters thought of MacKenzie as one of his most trusted friends. He died in L'Orignal, Canada West.

</doc>
<doc id="21435338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435338" title="2008 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team">
2008 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team

The 2008 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team represented Middle Tennessee State University in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) college football during the 2008 season. Middle Tennessee competed as a member of the Sun Belt Conference. The team was led by head coach Rick Stockstill. The Blue Raiders played their home games at Johnny "Red" Floyd Stadium.
Middle Tennessee compiled a 5–7 overall record and 4–3 record against Sun Belt opponents. In week 2, the Blue Raiders beat just their fourth-ever opponent from a Bowl Championship Subdivision (BCS) conference when they upset Maryland, 24–14. All three of the other instances in the past were against Vanderbilt. The following week, Middle Tennessee came within inches of repeating the feat, when a comeback attempt against Kentucky fell just short.
Game notes.
Troy.
Middle Tennessee compiled two rapid-fire fourth-quarter touchdowns, but the comeback attempt ultimately fell short. Troy eventually finished the season as the Sun Belt Conference champions.
Maryland.
After receiving the kick-off, Middle Tennessee quarterback Joe Craddock led an 80-yard, 10-play drive. It included a fake punt that caught Maryland off-guard and the punter completed a 28-yard pass for the first down conversion. Craddock ended the drive with a 5-yard touchdown pass. On Maryland's second offensive play of the game, Da'Rel Scott broke free for a 63-yard run for a touchdown. In the second quarter, Middle Tennessee re-took the lead with a 31-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Turner threw an interception which was returned 25 yards to the Maryland five yard-line, and then subsequently ran in for a touchdown. Turner then completed a short toss to Darrius Heyward-Bey who ran it downfield for an 80-yard touchdown. In the fourth quarter, Maryland found itself inside the Middle Tennessee 35-yard line three times, but couldn't capitalize on the opportunities. Middle Tennessee defenders saved two potential touchdowns with interceptions on their own two-yard line and in the endzone.
The game marked Middle Tennessee's first ever win over an ACC opponent, although they had come close in Murfreesboro, TN the year prior, where Virginia made a field goal for the go-ahead with eight seconds remaining. It was Middle Tennessee's fourth ever win against an opponent from a BCS conference. The other three all came against Vanderbilt.
Kentucky.
A week after Middle Tennessee beat just their second ever BCS conference opponent, the Blue Raiders came very close to beating a third. In the final seconds of the game, with Middle Tennessee trailing by six points, wide receiver Eldred King caught a 61-yard pass but was ankle-tackled at the Kentucky one-yard line as time expired.
Arkansas State.
Middle Tennessee has dominated the football series against Arkansas State with wins in eight of the first nine meetings; however, the 10th gridiron clash between the teams is one the Blue Raiders would likely prefer to have forgetten. Arkansas State was too much for Middle Tennessee in a 31-14 win on Homecoming at ASU Stadium on Sept. 20, 2008. 
The Red Wolves dominated from the outset and took control in the first half on the way to a 17-0 halftime advantage. Middle Tennessee (1-3, 0-2) 
finally got on the scoreboard late in the third quarter when Phillip Tanner plunged in from the 2 to cap a nine-play, 76-yard drive and narrow the margin to 24-7 with 2:19 remaining in the third quarter. The Blue Raiders fell to 0-2 in conference play as Arkansas State beat the Blue Raiders for the second time in ten tries.
Florida Atlantic.
This game was the first ever nationally televised football game from Johnny "Red" Floyd Stadium from the Middle Tennessee State University campus. This game was marketed as a blackout game for the Blue Raiders, and the team wore all black uniforms with blue numbers and shoulder stripes.
Middle Tennessee scored all of its points in the final 5:22 of the game after looking lethargic offensively until that point; however, when the game was on the line the Blue Raiders took full advantage. The Blue Raiders put together a remarkable comeback when quarterback Joe Craddock marched the Blue Raiders 65 yards with no timeouts to rally them to a dramatic 14-13 win against Florida Atlantic in front of 25,766 and an ESPN2 national television audience.
Trailing 13-7 Middle Tennessee began its final drive at its 35-yard line with 1:15 remaining and no timeouts. Craddock completed 4-of-6 passes for 65 yards on the game-winning drive, including the striking 32-yard aerial to freshman wide receiver Malcolm Beyah, who rose above three defenders and secured the ball with no time on the clock for one of the most remarkable finishes in Floyd Stadium history. Beyah, who had two catches for 59 yards on the final drive, tied the game 13-13 with his breathtaking grab and freshman kicker Alan Gendreau, who was frozen twice by consecutive Florida Atlantic timeouts, nailed the extra point to send the remaining Blue Raider faithful into a frenzy as the students stormed the field.
Florida International.
Middle Tennessee's hopes of a push toward the Sun Belt Conference championship in the second half of the season took a decisive blow in Miami, FL, when Florida International dealt the Blue Raiders a 31-21 setback at FIU Stadium.
Middle Tennessee never got on track offensively in the opening half and things worsened in the second half when the Golden Panthers finally started gaining yards in chunks against a Blue Raider defense that had been on the field a majority of the first half. Middle Tennessee fell to 2-4 overall and was out of the conference race at 1-3.
As of this game, the series between Middle Tennessee and Florida International is tied 2-2. The home team has never lost in the series.
Louisville.
Middle Tennessee showed fight against Louisville during a dandy first-half display but the Cardinals flexed their Big East muscle in the second half and pulled away for a 42-23 win in Louisville.
The Blue Raiders led 17-14 after a spirited first half but the second half belonged to Louisville as it made a statement and pulled away from Middle Tennessee's upset bid.
The game started well enough for the Blue Raiders who jumped out to the early lead and maintained it throughout the first half. Louisville quarterback Hunter Cantwell had a pass intercepted by Blue Raider safety Jeremy Kellem, who returned 14 yards for the touchdown to give Middle Tennessee a 7-0 lead, with 9:27 remaining in the opening frame. Minutes later, Blue Raider receiver Patrick Honeycutt took the handoff from quarterback Joe Craddock and pulled up for a pass to a wide open tailback Phillip Tanner, who caught the ball at the 18 and went 39 yards for the touchdown to give the Blue Raiders a 14-0 lead with 6:46 remaining in the opening quarter. The tide turned somewhat in the second quarter, particularly when Louisville running back Victor Anderson sprinted 88 yards to tie the game, 14-14, with 12:10 remaining in the first half. Louisville went on to win 42-23.
Mississippi State.
Middle Tennessee's offense put together five scoring drives and Eldred King turned in one of the best performances ever by a Blue Raider receiver but it wasn't enough in a tough 31-22 setback to Mississippi State at Davis Wade Stadium.
The Blue Raiders stood toe-to-toe with the Bulldogs in the first half and trailed 14-13 at the break before taking their first lead on the opening drive of the second half. Mississippi State was too strong on two pivotal second half drives as Middle Tennessee's strong road showing wasn't enough to warrant an upset. This game marked the third straight loss for the Blue Raiders
Mississippi State will travel to Murfreesboro, TN, to take on the Blue Raiders during the 2009 season. This will be 3rd BCS opponent to play at Middle Tennessee in three years, and the first time that an Southeastern Conference (SEC) opponent will play in Johnny "Red" Floyd Stadium.
Louisiana-Monroe.
After three straight road games, and three straight loses, Middle Tennessee returned home to take on conference foe Louisiana-Monroe Warhawks.
Football players at Middle Tennessee made sure the students and alumni enjoyed a happy Homecoming as the Blue Raiders raced out to a fast start and held on for a 24-21 win against ULM at Floyd Stadium.
The Blue Raiders jumped out to a 17-0 lead early in the second quarter. After ULM had pulled to within 17-14 late in the third, Middle Tennessee built its lead back to 10 and secured the Homecoming win to improve to 3-6 overall and 2-3 in the Sun Belt Conference.
Middle Tennessee improved to 47-19-2 on Homecoming, including 2-1 under head coach, Rick Stockstill. The Blue Raiders have won 18 of their past 21 Homecoming games.
Western Kentucky.
Middle Tennessee put itself back in strong position to become bowl eligible following an impressive 21-10 win against hated rival Western Kentucky, on a cold rainy/snowy day in Bowling Green, KY.
Senior quarterback Joe Craddock completed 19-of-29 passes for 212 yards and threw two touchdowns with no interceptions to key a 212-yard passing attack; however, it was great balance and play-calling that kept WKU on its heels. The Blue Raiders ran for 101 yards and rode the strong back of junior running back Phillip Tanner in a smash-mouth type approach. Tanner responded with a season-high 92 yards that included a 29-yard touchdown. Middle Tennessee's offense finished with 313 total yards.
Western Kentucky will become bowl-eligible and will be able to contend for a conference championship for the 2009 season. Because of this Middle Tennessee finished their season with an out of conference record of 2-3.
North Texas.
Middle Tennessee's ground attack enjoyed the breakout game it has been seeking and junior tailback Phillip Tanner and a dominating offensive line was the major contributors as the Blue Raiders routed North Texas, 52-13, in the home finale at Floyd Stadium Saturday. The Blue Raiders won their third straight to improve to 5-6 overall, 3-3, in the SBC, and kept alive their hopes of becoming bowl eligible. 
Tanner enjoyed one of the most productive games of any Blue Raider ever and he had the greatest offensive outburst in SBC history with six touchdowns - five rushing - and 159 yards on 14 carries. A Texas native, Tanner ran roughshod through the Mean Green defense, generally breaking tackles and running over defenders on his way to touchdowns of 12, 1, 19, 66, 36 and 92 yards. The first five touchdowns were rushing scores and Tanner capped the outlandish scoring day with a 92-yard kickoff return to start the second half. Tanner finished with 301 all-purpose yards, the third-highest total in program history.
Middle Tennessee's 52 points scored are the most ever under Rick Stockstill and the most by the Blue Raiders since they had 70 against Idaho in 2001. Middle Tennessee and North Texas entered play tied for the most league wins in Sun Belt Conference history with 30. The Blue Raiders broke the tie with the victory over the Mean Green to move their count to 31.
Louisiana-Lafayette.
Middle Tennessee's strong second half run finally was derailed when Louisiana-Lafayette fought off the Blue Raiders, 42-28, at Cajun Field to end their three-game win streak.
The game featured two teams seeking to gain bowl eligibility and it was indicative from the outset as the teams battled back and forth in an effort to keep their season alive. Middle Tennessee (5-7, 3-4) had pulled to within one game of becoming bowl eligible with an impressive three-game win streak that preceded the setback to Louisiana-Lafayette (6-6, 5-2).
Senior quarterback Joe Craddock was outstanding in his final game as a Blue Raider. Craddock completed 22-of-28 passes for 242 yards and two touchdowns. He became the only quarterback in school history to have 10 games with more than 200 yards passing in a single season. Craddock also tied for fifth on the single-season touchdown list with 14.

</doc>
<doc id="21435343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435343" title="C.F. Caniçal">
C.F. Caniçal

Clube de Futebol Caniçal also known as CF Caniçal is a Portuguese football club from Machico, Madeira and founded in 1981. CF Caniçal currently plays in the Portuguese Second Division Serie A and finished 4th in the previous season which was the 2007/08 season in the Portuguese Third Division Serie A in which they were promoted by the play offs. They currently play their home games at Campo de Futebol do Caniçal in Machico, Madeira with a capacity of 1000. Their current chairman is Emanuel Moniz Melim and the current manager is Bizarro.

</doc>
<doc id="21435349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435349" title="Craig Leahy">
Craig Leahy

Craig Leahy (born 1 September 1989 in Glanmire, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling at club level with Sarsfield's and was called up to the Cork senior inter-county team in 2009 due to the 2008-2009 Cork Hurlers strike.

</doc>
<doc id="21435352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435352" title="Doctor Medicinae (Danish and Norwegian degree)">
Doctor Medicinae (Danish and Norwegian degree)

Doctor Medicinae, also spelled Doctor Medicinæ and abbreviated Dr. Med., is a doctoral degree (a research doctorate) in medicine awarded by universities in Denmark and Norway. The degree has existed ever since the establishment of the University of Copenhagen in 1479, which was for centuries the only university of Denmark-Norway. The degree was first awarded by Norway's newly established Royal Frederick University in 1817 according to the regulations of the University of Copenhagen (despite Denmark and Norway no longer being in a personal union). In Norway, the degree was last awarded in 2008.
As the American term PhD is much more widely understood internationally, the degree is frequently translated as "MD, PhD". This, however, is somewhat misleading, as the PhD is officially considered a lower degree than the Dr.Med. in Denmark, where both degrees exist. In Denmark, Dr.Med. is frequently referred to as a higher doctorate along with other traditional doctorates (in Denmark, the PhD is not considered a doctorate, strictly speaking, but a lower degree).
In order to be awarded the Dr. Med. degree, one has to hold a Candidate of Medicine (Cand. Med.) degree (the same as an American style MD, approx. 6 years of studies).
The degree can also be written as "Doctor Medicinæ" (Æ instead of AE). In Danish and Norwegian, the degree is, similar to other Latin degrees, generally not capitalized (i.e. it's written as "doctor medicinae" or "doctor medicinæ", and abbreviated "dr. med.").
It should not be confused with the German degree "Dr. med.", which is not a degree at the same level (a Scandinavian Dr. Med. is comparable to a German Habilitation). Whilst the Dr. med. might need less than a full-time year to comprehend and does not include any coursework, weighted against intercontinental common, however, it would keep up a correspondence to a Master's degree. PhD postgraduate study lasts 4-5 years of doctoral study to complete.
It should also not be confused with the entry-level professional degree M.D., used in some English-speaking countries (not the Commonwealth).

</doc>
<doc id="21435357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435357" title="Arfon">
Arfon

Arfon, from the Welsh for "Facing Anglesey", refers to the southern shore of the Menai Strait, the part of mainland Wales closest to the island of Anglesey. 
Depending on the context, "Arfon" may refer more specifically to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435366" title="Fernando Regueira">
Fernando Regueira

Fernando Regueira (Quilmes, Buenos Aires, 1972) is an Argentine film writer. He wrote scripts for cinema, television and short films. He studied film theory and criticism at "Aquilea" school with Angel Faretta. He also studied philosophy, music and history. He wrote the first season of the series ""Mosca & Smith in Once"". He also wrote scripts for Juan Carlos Desanzo, Norberto Lopez Amado, Patagonik Film Group and DeAPlaneta Spain. He has won several awards for his scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="21435370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435370" title="Bain à la Grenouillère">
Bain à la Grenouillère

Bain à la Grenouillère is a painting by the impressionist painter, Claude Monet. (Oil on canvas, 74.6 cm x 99.7 cm)
Monet wrote on September 25, 1869, "I do have a dream, a painting ("tableau"), the baths of La Grenouillère, for which I have made some bad sketches ("pochades"), but it is only a dream. Pierre-Auguste Renoir, who has just spent two months here, also wants to do this painting." Monet and Renoir, both desperately poor, were quite close at the time.
The painting here and one in the London National Gallery ("Bathers at La Grenouillere", oil on canvas, 73 x 92 cm) "are probably the sketches mentioned by Monet in his letter. A bigger size painting, now lost but formerly in the Arnhold collection in Berlin, may well have been the "tableau" that he dreamed of. The broad, constructive brushstrokes here are clearly those of a sketch. For his exhibition pictures Monet usually sought a more delicate and carefully calibrated surface at this time. An almost identical composition of the same subject by Renoir is in the Nationalmuseum, Stockholm. The two friends were undoubtedly working side by side."
La Grenouillère was a popular middle-class resort consisting of a spa, a boating establishment and a floating café. Optimistically promoted as "Trouville-sur-Seine", it was located on the Seine near Bougival, easily accessible by train from Paris and had just been favoured with a visit by Emperor Napoleon III with his wife and son. Monet and Renoir both recognized in La Grenouillère an ideal subject for the images of leisure they hoped to sell.
As in his earlier picture of the Garden at Sainte-Adresse, Monet concentrated on repetitive elements – the ripples on the water, the foliage, the boats, the human figures – to weave a fabric of brushstrokes which, although emphatically brushstrokes, retain a strong descriptive quality.
The painting is now in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art. It was bequeathed by Mrs. H. O. Havemeyer in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="21435373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435373" title="Ray Ryan (hurler)">
Ray Ryan (hurler)

Ray Ryan (born 18 November 1981 in Glanmire, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Sarsfield's and has represented the Cork senior inter-county team. He was the captain of the squad called up by Gerald McCarthy to replace the striking 2008 panel.
Ryan comes from a hurling family, and his brother Pat is a former member of the Cork senior panel. However, Ray did not play inter-county hurling at any level until the age of 27, and was a "hurling nobody" until being called up in the wake of the strike. In 2006 his club reached the Cork Senior Hurling Championship semi-final and he was named at centre-back on the Cork club team of the year. He was invited to county team trials but did not make the 2007 squad. It was not until 2009 that he had the opportunity to play for Cork. After the 2008 Cork panel refused to play under the management of Gerald McCarthy, Ryan was among the players called up by McCarthy to replace them. He had won the 2008 Cork Senior Hurling Championship with Sarsfields, and was one of six Sarsfields players called up by McCarthy.
He was named as the captain for the 2009 National Hurling League. He is the first captain of Cork from the Sarsfields club in 51 years. Ryan did well at centre-back for Cork in the opening games of the competition. Although he was sent off with a yellow card against Dublin in Cork's opening fixture, he impressed against Tipperary in the next game.
Ray Ryan was also selected for Munster hurlers in the Railway Cup in February 2009. He was one of only two Cork players on the panel.
Ryan admits to experiencing some "moral dilemmas" when agreeing to play with McCarthy's squad and says that he understands the 2008 players' problems, but believes that "What they are doing is not right". He has been criticised by supporters of the 2008 squad for his role in the controversy, sometimes being called "Captain Scab" by them.

</doc>
<doc id="21435379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435379" title="El Último perro">
El Último perro

El Último perro is a 1956 Argentine film directed by Lucas Demare. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21435383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435383" title="Nebemakhet">
Nebemakhet

Nebemakhet was a king's son and a vizier during the 4th Dynasty. Nebemakhet was the son of King Khafre and Queen Meresankh III. He is shown in his mother's tomb and in his own tomb at Giza.
Family.
Nebemakhet is depicted in the tomb of his mother Meresankh III (G7530-5440). His brothers Duaenre, Niuserre (A) and Khenterka as shown there as well, as is a sister named Shepsetkau. His maternal grandfather was the Crown Prince Kawab. Nebemakhet was married to a lady named Nubhotep.
In Nebemakhet's own tomb his brothers Duaenre and Niuserre are mentioned as well as a brother named Ankhmare. Nebemakhet's sister appears several times in scenes accompanying her brother.
Titles.
Nebemakhet was a "King's Son of His Body" and a "Hereditary Prince" and would have grown up at court. He held many titles during his life including "Eldest of the Senwet of His Father", "Scribe of the Divine Book of His Father", "Sole Confidant of His Father", "Master of the Secrets of His Father", "Chief Justice and Vizier", "Chief Ritualist", and "High-priest (of the Ha-god)".
Burial.
Tomb G 8172 (Lepsius 86).
He was buried in tomb G 8172 (=LG 86) after his original tomb (LG 12) was abandoned. The tomb is located in the Central Field which is part of the Giza Necropolis. The tomb was in a highly finished state when Nebemakhet died. The wall were carved in relief and painted in bright colors. The tomb consists of two decorated chapels and several shafts. The main entrance leads to the outer chapel which contained several niches and a shaft in the north-west corner. A doorway leads to another room containing several more niches and an inner chapel. This second room contained two more burial shafts.
The outer chapel shows Nebemakhet and his sister Shepsetkau viewing some agricultural scenes on the south wall. Parts of scenes depicting the capturing of birds in nets can still be seen. The western wall shows Nebemakhet in a papyrus boat in the marshes with a fish-spear in his hand. The scene is largely destroyed because (in antiquity) a large niche was cut in the wall. Remaining scenes show people carrying fish, birds and other animals. One register shows the construction of a papyrus canoe and fther down a scene of cattle crossing a river. The wall contains a depiction of a line of offering bearers bringing property from the estates of Khafre.
In the doorway to the inner chapel a scene is preserved showing the sculptor Semerka and his colleague Inkaf. These two men were responsible for some of the work in the tomb. The inscription reads: "His Rewarded One, who inscribed for him this, his tomb, the Sculptor Semerka. His Rewarded One, who made for him this, his tomb, with the work [..] In-ka-f".
In the inner room Nebemakhet and his sister Shepsetkau appear before their mother: "His Mother, She Who Sees Horus and Set, The Great Ornament, the Great Favourite (or Praised), the King's Wife Meresankh". Nearby Nebemakhet is depicted in a scene with his sister and this time they are accompanied by their brother Duaenre. Nubhotep, Nebemakhet's wife, is also depicted in the inner chapel. She has the titles "royal acquaintance", "Priestess of Hathor, Mistress of the Sycamore in all her places", "Honored by the god". Further scenes in the inner chapel show scenes from daily life including craft shops and metalwork.
Tomb Lepsius 12.
Tomb LG 12 is a tomb in the Quarry Cemetery West of Second Pyramid. This tomb is sometimes referred to as the "Tomb of Palm-tree Beams". The doorway on the east wall leads to a large hall. The roof is carved to resemble logs of wood.

</doc>
<doc id="21435420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435420" title="Ammonium molybdate">
Ammonium molybdate

Ammonium molybdate can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435423" title="On the Street Corner 1">
On the Street Corner 1

On the Street Corner 1 is a 1980 album by Tatsuro Yamashita.

</doc>
<doc id="21435434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435434" title="List of Denver Broncos starting quarterbacks">
List of Denver Broncos starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for Professional Football's Denver Broncos. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the team.
Starting quarterbacks.
List of all Denver Broncos starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:
Most games as starting quarterback.
These quarterbacks have the most starts for the Broncos in regular season games (as of Week 17 of 2013 season).
Team career passing records.
"(As of Week 17 of 2013 season)"

</doc>
<doc id="21435435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435435" title="St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church (Baltimore, Maryland)">
St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church (Baltimore, Maryland)

St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church, now known as Sweet Prospect Baptist Church, is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is an 1855-1856 Italianate-influenced masonry structure that is constructed of stuccoed brick walls resting on a rubble stone foundation. It was designed by Niernsee & Neilson. The exterior features twin square towers flanking the main façade and a semi-octagonal apse flanked by one-story pavilions on the back. It is the most intact remaining example of an Italianate public edifice in Baltimore. Under instructions from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore, the final mass was held at the Church of St. John the Evangelist, on June 26, 1966, and the congregation merged with that of St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church, just two block away. The church then became the New Central Social Hall.
St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21435440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435440" title="ABC 8 hp">
ABC 8 hp

The ABC 8 hp is an 8 hp (6 kW) two-cylinder aero engine designed by the noted British engineer Granville Bradshaw for use in ultralight aircraft. The engine was derived from a specially tuned motorcycle unit and was built by ABC Motors, first running in 1923.
Survivors.
The sole surviving English Electric Wren ("G-EBNV") flies occasionally at the Shuttleworth Collection at Old Warden and is powered by an ABC 8 hp engine. With barely enough power to maintain flight the aircraft is assisted into the air by a team of volunteers using bungee cord, after which the Wren lands straight ahead following a short 'hop'. 

</doc>
<doc id="21435451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435451" title="East Midlands Oil Province">
East Midlands Oil Province

The East Midlands Oil Province, also known as the East Midlands Petroleum Province, covers the petroliferous geological area across the north-eastern part of the East Midlands of England that has a few small oil fields. The largest field in the province is the Welton oil field, the second largest onshore oil field in the UK.
Geography.
It comprises Lincolnshire, North Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire and northern Leicestershire.
History.
UK oil production.
The UK's first oil field was discovered in the East Midlands, at Hardstoft in east Derbyshire in 1919. Prior to this, from 1851, oil shale in the Midland Valley in Scotland was used, until 1962. With North Sea oil, Britain became self-sufficient with oil since the early 1980s, and indeed exported much of this oil. It became a net exporter of oil in 1981, with exports peaking in 1985 and production peaking in 1999. The UK became a net exporter of gas in 1997 and a net importer of gas in 2004, and also a net importer of oil in 2004. UK consumption of petroleum increases each year. Per capita consumption of oil annually is about 1.3 tonnes. The UK has the capacity to refine 92 million tonnes of crude oil a year.
Onshore oil.
Until 1990, relatively little oil was produced by UK onshore oil industry. This rapidly increased to peak between 1991 and 1999, where around 5 million tonnes of oil was produced each year - 5.4 million tonnes, the most, was produced in 1996. Since 1999 it has gradually declined to around 1 million tonnes a year. Onshore UK natural gas peaked in 2001. Cumulatively, onshore oil production has produced around 2% (around ) of offshore (North Sea) production. The Wytch Farm oil field, the largest onshore oilfield in Europe and run by BP, has reserves on its own of around of oil. The East Midlands Province provides 11% of UK onshore oil, 65% of the total excluding Wytch farm. So far, the Province has provided around 6 million tonnes of oil. In total, the UK has around 15 million tonnes of onshore oil left.
Although onshore oil reserves are much less, it costs much less to find and develop onshore oil. Depleted onshore oilfields at Gainsborough and Welton will be used for gas storage, of which the UK has little allocated reserves. The UK has reserves of 12 days of gas, compared to 91 days in France and 77 days in Germany.
Discoveries.
Oil was discovered at Kelham Hills in the 1920s. In June 1939, BP (then the D'Arcy Exploration Company) discovered oil at Eakring. News of this discovery was not announced until September 1944, by which time the fate of the Second World War was sealed. Oil was also drilled during the war at Caunton and Kelham Hills.
Welton Gathering Centre.
This is actually at Reepham near Sudbrooke on railway, and opened on 21 May 1986 by Alick Buchanan-Smith, the Energy minister. Production began at of oil per day, rising to 3,000. The Centre is the home of Star Energy (East Midlands) Ltd on "Barfield Lane". In the early 1990s, a 1,000 tonnes of oil was taken on a train to Immingham every other day. When building the centre, BP discovered a plesiosaurus which was displayed in Scunthorpe Natural History Museum.
Oil companies.
BP acquired Candecca Resources and Cambrian Exploration from Trafalgar House in July 1987 for £21m. Candecca Resources Ltd was a subsidiary of BP. It was bought by Kelt UK Ltd in April 1992. Kelt UK Ltd was a subsidiary of Kelt Energy plc and Edinburgh Oil and Gas plc.
Most of the oilfield licences were owned by BP Exploration, when they were bought by Pentex Oil of Aberdeen in March 1989. Star Energy bought Pentex Oil in August 2005 for £38.5m.
Geology.
The Province comprises a major series of Carboniferous rift basins. Oil is found in Silesian sandstones and fractured Dinantian limestones.
Welton oil fields.
Most oil is transported by road tanker. It is the main part of the East Midlands Province oilfield, where thirty three oil fields have been discovered, including areas outside of Lincolnshire. Oil had been discovered in Corringham in 1958, Gainsborough in 1960, Glentworth in 1961, and Torksey in 1962. Oil was also found in Nocton in the 1960s.
East Glentworth.
Found near the A15 and B1398, just south-west of Caenby Corner and near the (now exhausted) Glentworth Oilfield at Glentworth. Discovered in March 1987 by BP, with production starting in February 1993. Formerly owned by Pentex Oil UK Ltd and now owned by Star Energy. Taken by road tanker to Gainsborough.
Scampton North.
Discovered in October 1985 by BP with production starting in February 1989. Owned by Star Energy (East Midlands) Ltd and originally run by Candecca. Transported by road tanker to the Welton Gathering Centre at Reepham. The original Scampton Oilfield ceased production in 1988.
Cold Hanworth.
Discovered in September 1997 by Candecca, with production starting in September 1998 at Cold Hanworth. Owned by Star Energy (East Midlands) Ltd, although originally run by Candecca. Transported by road tanker to the Welton Gathering Centre, which is just south of the oil field at Reepham.
Stainton.
Just north-east of Welton at Stainton by Langworth. Discovered by BP in July 1984, with production starting June 1987. Owned by Star Energy (East Midlands) Ltd. Originally run by Candecca. Situated on the Lincoln-Market Rasen (Newark - Grimsby) railway line and taken by road to the Welton rail terminal at Reepham. 
Fiskerton Airfield.
Discovered in November 1997 by Cirque with production starting in August 1998 on the former RAF Fiskerton. It is owned 48% by Cirque Energy (UK) Ltd, 32% by Altaquest Energy Corp (UK) Ltd, 18% by Courage Energy UK Ltd and 2% by Mermaid Resources (UK) Ltd. Run by Cirque Energy. Pipeline to the Welton Gathering Centre.
Welton.
Largest of the fields, with about 2 million tonnes of initial oil reserves at Welton. Discovered in February 1981 by BP with production starting in November 1984. Owned by Star Energy (East Midlands) Ltd. Originally run by Candecca and BP. Transported by rail. It is the second largest onshore oilfield in the UK after Wytch Farm in Dorset. The next largest is Stockbridge, Hampshire, run by Star Energy. It is even bigger than Eakring, which kept the UK going in World War Two. It is very much larger than all the other onshore fields. It has a predicted total production of .
Nettleham.
Discovered in March 1983 by BP with production starting in October 1985. Owned by Star Energy (East Midlands) Ltd, although originally run by BP and Candecca. Oil transported by pipeline to the Welton Gathering Centre.
Keddington.
Next door and north-east of Louth on the River Lud at Keddington. Discovered in January 1998 by Candecca, with production beginning in September 1998. Formerly owned 65% by ROC Oil (UK) Ltd and 35% by ROC Oil (CEL) Ltd. Bought in March 2007 by Egdon Resources for £250,000 with the two wells closed. Egdon restarted production in April 2007 and producing about a day. Up to Feb 2009, produced of oil. Estimated to be of oil. Taken by road tanker to the Welton Gathering Centre.
Farley's Wood (Nottinghamshire).
Owned by Onshore Production Services Ltd (OPS) or OOSL. Discovered in March 1983, production started July 1985, road tanker to Welton. Originally owned by EMOG. Situated in between Walesby and Tuxford.
Gainsborough based fields.
None of these fields are in Lincolnshire, but oil from the petroleum play is collected at Gainsborough. The area around Gainsborough known as the Gainsborough Trough.
Beckingham West (Nottinghamshire).
Discovered in July 1985 by BP with production starting in October 1987. Formerly owned by Pentex Oil UK Ltd. Oil transported by pipeline to Gainsborough. The field in operated by IGas Energy which acquired Star Energy in 2011. Situated just off the A631 at Beckingham. Known also as the Gainsborough-Beckingham oil field. Production is near the Beckingham Marshes' RSPB nature reserve with daily production of 300 barrels of crude oil and 1 million cubic feet of natural gas. The gas is piped to a nearby power plant. The wells in the field were fracked using lower fluid volumes than used for Shale techniques. This method is similar to, but with lower volumes than hydraulic fracturing for the extraction of shale gas.
Kirklington (Nottinghamshire).
Situated just south of Eakring towards Newark on the A617 at Kirklington. Owned by Star Energy Oil & Gas Limited 75% and Star Energy Oil UK Limited 25%. Formerley owned by Pentex. Discovered in December 1985 by BP with production starting March 1991. Taken by road tanker to Gainsborough.
Rempstone (Nottinghamshire).
Far south of Nottinghamshire at junction of A60 and A6006 at Rempstone in the far south of Nottinghamshire. Owned by Star Energy Oil & Gas Ltd 75% and Oil UK Ltd 25%. Discovered in December 1985 by Pentex, with production started June 1991. Formerly owned by Pentex. Road tanker to Gainsborough. Operated by Star.
Long Clawson (Leicestershire).
Owned by Star Energy Oil & Gas Ltd 75% and Star Energy Oil UK Ltd 25%. Discovered in March 1986, with production started December 1990. Originally owned by Pentex. Road tanker to Gainsborough. Situated on Clawson Hill at Long Clawson.
Other independent oil fields.
These are not run by Star Energy and oil is usually tankered direct to ConocoPhillips' Humber Refinery in South Killingholme near Immingham in North Lincolnshire.
Whisby.
Discovered in January 1985 by BP with production starting in May 1990 at Whisby Moor near North Hykeham. Owned and ran by Blackland Park Exploration Ltd, although originally ran by EMOG (East Midlands Oil & Gas - a UK division of Fortune Oil). The Whisby 4 and now the Whisby 5 wells are the currently producing wells and have now cumulatively more than doubled all historical production. Oil is transported by road tanker to Immingham.
West Firsby.
Discovered in January 1988 by Enterprise Oil (former oil division of British Gas plc), with production starting in August 1991 at West Firsby north of Lincoln, just west of Spridlington. Owned 53% by Tullow Oil and 47% by Edinburgh Oil & Gas plc. Originally ran by Tullow Oil and Enterprise Oil, now ran by Europa since May 2003. Taken by road tanker to Immingham's ConocoPhillips Humber Refinery.
Sourced by early Namurian pro-deltaic shales. Found on a Variscan inversion anticline on a boundary fault of the Dinatian-Namurian Gainsborough Trough.
Crosby Warren.
It was discovered in May 1986 by RTZ (Rio Tinto Group), with production starting in October 1987. Just north-east of Scunthorpe, near the junction of the A1077 and A1029, just north of the Corus steel works. Just south of a Romano-British settlement. Originally run by Edinburgh Oil & Gas, then bought by Europa Oil & Gas on November 30 2006. Oil is transported by road tanker.
Newton on Trent.
Discovered in April 1998 by AltaQuest with production starting in September 1998. Owned by Courage Energy (UK) Ltd and ran by AltaQuest. Oil is taken by road tanker to the ConocoPhillips Humber refinery in Immingham. Production ended in July 2000. Run by Blackland, and previously owned by Floyd Energy. Situated just south of the village.
Future oil fields.
Possible production may take place at Broughton and Brigg in North Lincolnshire. 

</doc>
<doc id="21435457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435457" title="McSwain">
McSwain

McSwain is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21435460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435460" title="William Russel Huber">
William Russel Huber

William Russel Huber (June 16, 1903 – January 25, 1982) a native of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for heroism on June 11, 1928.
Medal of Honor citation.
For display of extraordinary heroism in the line of his profession on 11 June 1928, after a boiler accident on the U.S.S. Bruce, then at the Naval Shipyard, Norfolk, Va. Immediately on becoming aware of the accident, Huber without hesitation and in complete disregard of his own safety, entered the steam-filled fireroom and at grave risk to his life succeeded by almost superhuman efforts in carrying Charles H. Byran to safety. Although having received severe and dangerous burns about the arms and neck, he descended with a view toward rendering further assistance. The great courage, grit, and determination displayed by Huber on this occasion characterized conduct far above and beyond the call of duty.
Military service.
Huber served in World War I and World War II, leaving the Navy with the rank of Lieutenant.

</doc>
<doc id="21435470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435470" title="Otto Maurer">
Otto Maurer

Otto Anton Maurer (18 December 1905 – 21 March 1982) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21435473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435473" title="National College (Virginia)">
National College (Virginia)

National College, formerly National College of Business & Technology and also formerly National Business College, is a college operating in the southeastern and east-central United States. It is accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools.
In 2012, National enrolled about 10,000 students at 30 campuses in Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, Indiana, and West Virginia. The various campuses award credentials ranging from vocational certificates to the Master of Business Administration degree. Subjects taught include accounting, medical transcription, coding and assisting, pharmacy, paralegal, various computer disciplines, hospitality and tourism, broadcasting technology, and emergency medicine technology.
The institution began in 1886 in Roanoke, Virginia, where the home campus remains today. It was originally known as National Business College, and later merged with two Kentucky career colleges, Kentucky College of Business and Fugazzi College. During 2006 it was also recognized by the Better Business Bureau as a finalist for the Torch Award for Marketplace Ethics. In 2012, National College President Frank Longaker received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Imagine America Foundation, honoring his 40 years of service to the career college sector.
The majority of National students receive some form of student assistance, usually in the form of federal student loans, although some scholarship and grant monies are also awarded. Particular stress is placed on preparing students to effectively enter the workplace, and most faculty are practicing professionals in their fields. Working adults wishing to further their education are also accommodated with evening and weekend class schedules.
In mid-2006, the institution announced a transition to the shorter name of simply National College.
Accreditation.
The Roanoke Valley Campus of National College is accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools to award master's degrees, bachelor's degrees, associate degrees, and diplomas. The Louisville, Bristol, Danville (VA), Lynchburg, Harrisonburg, Lexington, Indianapolis, Parkersburg and Princeton Campuses are accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools to award bachelor's degrees, associate degrees, and diplomas. All other campuses of National College are accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools to award associate degrees and diplomas.

</doc>
<doc id="21435474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435474" title="Hoyt W. Lark">
Hoyt W. Lark

Hoyt Webb Lark (born 1893 – died 1971, Cranston, Rhode Island) was a republican mayor of Cranston, Rhode Island.
Early life.
Hoyt grew up in the Rhode Island area, eventually marrying Helen Crooker. Lark attended smaller elementary schools in the Rhode Island area before going on to graduate from Harvard University in Business Administration and Law.
Mayoral term.
Lark became the Mayor of Cranston throughout the years 1945-1952 and eventually was in contention for a seat in the U.S. Senate in the early 1950s. Lark had lost reelection because of controversial opinions and his attempts to confront mob activity in the Rhode Island business market. In a period in which illegal and underground activity was a prominent and significant source of revenue in the business sector, Lark's platform particularly focused on the elimination of illegal business ventures. As a result many said he "turned too many heads" and "stepped on too many people's feet", leading to his eventual dismissal.
After losing re-election, Lark continued as a judge and a lawyer in the Cranston area until his eventual death in 1971. In his memorial it was noted that Hoyt was passionate in his beliefs so much that despite frequent warning he followed through with controversial policies that back-fired on what would have been otherwise successful campaigns.
Mafia and illegal activity controversy.
It was rumoured and noted in Hoyt's memorial of his attempts to uproot political and business corruption within Rhode Island. With a Law background, graduating from Harvard University, Hoyt attempted on numerous occasions to utilize the legal system to bring justice on illegal activities occurring specifically in Cranston. Despite frequent attempts to weaken Mafia connections within Rhode Island, Hoyt saw reasonable failure within the court system and after confrontation with government officials he saw himself under scrutiny for his relentless pursuit by fellow Republican members, which would eventually lead to his dismissal.
Conversations with President Harry S. Truman.
Through hand written diary accounts Hoyt W. Lark had accounted of conversations with Harry S. Truman on the state of corruption developing in Rhode Island. In these diaries Hoyt mentioned an apathy presented by the Federal Government and a reluctant acceptance of illegal activities, which he had found resentful. The diaries state that this was a turning point in Hoyt's career in which he saw his life in politics as 'a candle's flame at the end of its wick'. The nature of politics proved to be mentally overwhelming as he would pursue more aggressive policy actions shortly thereafter.
Personal life.
Hoyt Webb Lark married Helen Crooker and fathered Dana Webb Lark (father of sons David and Stephen and daughter Susan). Hoyt was considered a family man that took frequent passionate interest and involvement in business, political, and social issues within Rhode Island. As a result Hoyt became well known and respected within the Rhode Island community as a firm but intelligible mayor, lawyer, and judge, and was well received amongst his constituents. Hoyt died on May 1, 1971, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="21435485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435485" title="Milt Steengrafe">
Milt Steengrafe

Milton Henry (Milt) Steengrafe (May 26, 1898 to June 2, 1977), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from and with the Chicago White Sox. He batted and threw right-handed. Steengrafe had a 1-1 record with a 5.11 ERA, in 16 career games, in his two year career. 
He was born in San Francisco, California and died in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="21435496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435496" title="Selma Group">
Selma Group

The Selma Group is a geological formation in North America, within the U.S. states of Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee. The strata date from the Santonian to the Maastrichtian stages of the Late Cretaceous. The group is composed of, in ascending order, the Mooreville Chalk Formation, Demopolis Chalk Formation, Ripley Formation, and Prairie Bluff Chalk Formation. Dinosaur and mosasaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the Selma Group.

</doc>
<doc id="21435501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435501" title="Walk Into Paradise">
Walk Into Paradise

Walk Into Paradise (also known as Walk Into Hell) is a 1956 French-Australian international co-production adventure film directed by Lee Robinson and Marcello Pagliero shot on location in the highlands of Papua New Guinea. 
Plot.
In New Guinea, an expedition led by Australian District Officer Steve McAllister heads up the Sepik River to a valley where the adventurer Sharkeye Kelly has discovered oil. The party includes United Nations doctor Louis Dumarcet and crocodile hunter Jeff Clayton.
Louise takes blood samples from small children and is attacked by a witchdoctor. The expedition risks being massacred but the children recover in time.
Production.
The film was originally planned as an entirely Australian film by Southern International Productions but French producer Paul-Edmond Decharme proposed they go into business with the French company Discifilm. The script was rewritten to accommodate two French stars. Robinson later claimed that 60% of the money invested in the film came from housewives.
Shooting began in New Guinea in June 1955 and took place over twelve weeks. and every scene was shot twice - once in French, once in English: Pagliero would direct the French version, Robinson would do the English. Despite the difficulties of shooting on location, the film was infused only three days behind schedule.
The film was edited in Paris.
Reception.
The film was released in France as "L’Odyssee du Capitaine Steve." A novelisation of the script by Gavin Casey was published in 1956.
Director Lee Robinson was nominated for the Golden Palm Award at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival, but was beaten by Jacques-Yves Cousteau and Louis Malle for "Le Monde du silence".
American producer Joseph E. Levine purchased the film for distribution and added more jungle footage. When the film did poor business he retitled it "Walk into Hell" that increased its earnings dramatically. Robinson claimed at one stage the movie was one of the 100 top grossers in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="21435522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435522" title="Julie Smith">
Julie Smith

Julie Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435526" title="Svilaja">
Svilaja

Svilaja is a mountain range in Croatia, located in inland of Dalmatian Zagora. 
It belongs to Dinaric Alps, and it stretches from the town of Sinj northwest to the Petrovo field, approximate 30 km in length.
The highest peak is Svilaja or Bat at 1508 m.a.s.l. Some of other northwest peaks are Jančak (1483 m), Kita (1413 m), Turjača (1340 m) and Lisina (1301 m) over the town of Vrlika.
From nearest mountain cliff Veliki Kozjak (1207 m), which is northwest continuation of Svilaja, it is separated with the "lower saddle" Lemeš (860 m) above village of Maovice.
Some parts of mountain are dangerous, because of mines left during the Croatian War of Independence. 

</doc>
<doc id="21435529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435529" title="Giovanni Martinolich">
Giovanni Martinolich

Giovanni Martinolich (22 June 1884 – 25 July 1910) was an Italian chess master.
He was born in Trieste (then Austria-Hungary Empire), the son of Dr Giovanni Martinolich (Padrincich or Padrinzi of Lussinpiccolo), a lawyer, Sec. of the Austrian Association of Maritime law and legal advisor to the British and US Consulates and Anna Gerolimich of Lussinpiccolo a ship owner. He studied in Vienna. In 1905/06, he took 4th, behind Leopold Löwy, Jr, Milan Vidmar and Savielly Tartakower, in "campionato di Vienna". He won, ahead of Stefano Rosselli del Turco and Arturo Reggio, at Milan 1906 (unofficial Italian Chess Championship, "IV torneo dell'Unione Scacchistica Italiana"), took 9th at Vienna 1907 (the 1st Trebitsch Memorial, Jacques Mieses won), and won, ahead of Matteo Gladig, at Triest 1909 ("campionato della Società Scacchistica Triestina"). 
In 1910, he published an article "Il Fegatello nell'apertura Spagnola" in the "Rivista Scacchistica Italiana". He died suddenly at the age of 26, of heart related causes. 

</doc>
<doc id="21435539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435539" title="George Stutz">
George Stutz

George "Kid" Stutz (February 12, 1893 – December 29, 1930) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. Stutz played for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. In 6 career games, he had no hits in 9 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Stutz was born and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21435544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435544" title="Lima, Ohio metropolitan area">
Lima, Ohio metropolitan area

The Lima Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of one county – Allen – in Northwest Ohio, anchored by the city of Lima. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 108,473 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 104,357).
History.
The Lima metropolitan area was first defined in 1950. Then known as the Lima Standard Metropolitan Area (Lima SMA), it consisted of a single county – Allen – and had a population of 88,183. Following a term change by the Bureau of the Budget (present-day Office of Management and Budget) in 1959, the Lima SMA became the Lima Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area (Lima SMSA). By the census of 1960, the population had grown to 103,691, an 18 percent increase over the previous census.
Two additional counties were added to the Lima SMSA in 1971 – Putnam and Van Wert. Auglaize County became a part of the SMSA in 1973. With that addition, there were a total of 218,244 residents living in the metropolitan area at the 1980 census.
In 1983, the official name was shortened to the Lima Metropolitan Statistical Area (Lima MSA), which is still in use to date. That same year, Putnam and Van Wert counties were removed from the MSA, leaving only Allen and Auglaize counties in the defined area. The two-county Lima MSA had a population of 154,340 in 1990. That figure had risen to 155,084 by 2000.
In 2003, Auglaize County was removed from the Lima metropolitan area and was re-designated as the Wapakoneta Micropolitan Statistical Area (Wapakoneta μSA).
Combined Statistical Area.
The Lima–Van Wert–Wapakoneta Combined Statistical Area is made up of three counties in northwest Ohio. The statistical area includes one metropolitan area and two micropolitan areas. As of the 2000 Census, the CSA had a population of 184,743 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 179,552).

</doc>
<doc id="21435562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435562" title="Markazul Maarif">
Markazul Maarif

Markazul Ma'arif (, ), is a voluntary social-welfare non-government organisation in India. The organization supports the economically and educationally backward segment of society. Based in Hojai, the organisation runs multifarious activities with the help of branch offices located in Assam, Manipur, New Delhi, Deoband (U.P) and Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="21435563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435563" title="Alexis Kirk">
Alexis Kirk

Alexis Kirk (29 December 1936 – 17 May 2010) was an American-born Armenian jewelry designer who also designed clothing and fashion accessories.
Early life.
Kirk, although born in Los Angeles, and brought up in New England, self-identified as Armenian. His father, Paul Kirk, was an artist for Walt Disney, and his grandfather, Charles Vemyan, worked as a glass craftsman for René Lalique. Some of Alexis's grandfather's jewelry is reportedly preserved in the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul.
Alexis Kirk studied art under Walter Gropius at Harvard University, and also attended the Rhode Island School of Design before becoming a lecturer in painting, sculpture and music at the University of Tennessee.
Jewelry.
Alexis Kirk's first design, which he personally wore, was a collar of Islamic glass beads and assorted charms, typical of his early work which featured amulets and symbols drawn from cultures and religions around the world, including the hamsa, Indian Paisley motifs, and Chinese fish. Kirk was very superstitious, with a strong interest in the occult and spirituality, which was reflected in his work. He started out with a small studio in Newport, Tennessee, selling jewelry to clients such as the Senator's wife. This led to a contract to design a budget-priced line of jewelry for the Hattie Carnegie company, which was a commercial failure. Following this, Kirk decided to move to New York to set up business there.
His first jewelry collection won him a Coty American Fashion Critics' Award. The following year in 1971, he diversified into clothing design, designing garments as a backdrop to his jewelry. His first fashion collection was based upon medieval designs, with tunics over hooded metallic bodystockings suggesting chainmail.
His work, in addition to spiritual, occult, and ethnic influences, used materials such as exotic woods, pewter and plastic alongside more traditional metals and stones in silhouettes based upon organic human and animal forms. The Duchess of Windsor, who said "I am absolutely fascinated by fake jewellery[...]; I think it is so good", owned a number of pieces by Kirk made from cork, wood, feathers, faux lapis lazuli and gilt metal. Kirk's work was always designed on a large scale, the designer favouring sculptural designs in striking shapes and materials which made a statement.
Kirk continued designing through the 1980s, specialising in accessories and belts. In 1988 he received an award from the Dallas Fashion Awards.
His famous clients, alongside the Duchess of Windsor, included Cher and Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Kirk's elephant themed designs, made since 1972, were worn during the 1980s by the wives of Republican leaders, Nancy Reagan and Barbara Bush, although the designer was a registered Democrat.
Before his death, Kirk was the owner of a retail organization called Dream Diamonds Online.
Personal life.
Kirk married Hope Sands, a client's daughter, in 1971, with whom he had two daughters, Lisa and Alexia. They were divorced in 1973. He died on 17 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21435564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435564" title="Lou Zhenggang">
Lou Zhenggang

Lou Zhenggang (婁正綱, pronounced "Lo Jeng Gong" in English, "Ro Sei Ko" in Japanese; born July 8, 1966 in Heilongjiang, China) is a prominent contemporary Chinese artist. Trained in calligraphy from an early age, she attained national fame as a child prodigy, was sent to a government-sponsored fine arts academy and trained by China's masters of calligraphy and ink painting. She won numerous competitions and exhibited both at home and abroad. At the age of 20, she moved to Japan, where she soon had several highly acclaimed exhibitions, wrote illustrated columns for prominent local magazines and was featured regularly on a national television program for three years. Though Ms. Lou's work is best known in China and Japan, it has been shown in Paris and New York and is held in numerous collections, both public and private. She continues to live and work in Tokyo.
Overview: Life and work.
A summary of Lou's life and work according to an affiliate of the Chinese government states in part: "Lou Zhenggang took up the brush when she was only three. By 12, she had won nationwide recognition as a child prodigy. Her career in art seemed an unending succession of prizes and accolades... Today she is a master of her arts - painting and calligraphy - and seasoned by a maturity in which she has found peace and contentment... Lou Zhenggang's works are in high demand in Japan and United States, whether they be her calligraphy or her painting. Her brush works are prized as gifts from the government of China to visiting dignitaries. Her works are collected and exhibited in over eighty prestigious venues around the globe, including China's Palace Museum, and the United Nations Headquarters. It's well over twenty years, since she was celebrated as an exceptionally gifted prodigy. Today she is among the most influential of Eastern brush artists."
Art.
Because Ms. Lou was extensively trained in classical Chinese calligraphy, expressions of that tradition formed the initial basis of her art. Even at this time, here style was distinctive: "Lou Zhenggang's earliest works earned praise from senior critics especially for their masculinity and grandeur, qualities seldom found in a female artist." As she entered her twenties, she began to develop a more personal style. Indeed, observers who cannot read Chinese can see in these early works a progression from a strong, formal, masculine style to a more fluid and relaxed approach. As she continued to develop confidence and to experiment with different techniques, her style grew even bolder and less traditional. In Japan, she studied painting with noted nihonga artist Matazo Kayama (加山又造 1927-2004), which led to a flourishing of colorful styles and abstract themes — something she could not have produced if she remained within the pure calligraphic traditions of her youth. She continued to expand her range, developing even more abstract works, including color paintings, silk screens, and classic black ink ("sumi") artwork. By the age of 40, she had developed an entirely new painting style, one based upon but transcending calligraphic art, which won her considerable acclaim.
Biography.
Early years (-to 1986).
Lou began to study calligraphy with her father, Lou De Ping, at the age of three. At twelve, she was recognized by the national government as an "exceptionally gifted child." As a certified child prodigy, she received special permission to enroll years early at the Central Academy of Fine Art, where she was taught by masters of calligraphy and ink painting. In 1980, she won first prize at the National Youth Calligraphy Exhibition in China, and one year later was elected a member of the Chinese Calligrapher’s Association.
At the age of 14, she was the youngest-ever participant in the Australian-sponsored International Calligraphy Competition, and at 16 she won the Chinese National Calligraphy Competition. In the mid-1980s, she attended Beijing University. In 1985, Hong Kong TV broadcast a documentary about her life and her work. With the support of her government, she traveled to Japan in 1986 and held her first exhibition there, at the Yaesu Gallery in Tokyo.
Twenties (1987-1996).
In 1987, she moved to Tokyo. The success of her first exhibition led to a second show, which was sponsored by Television Tokyo and the Chinese Embassy. Other shows soon followed, e.g., at the Sogo Group department store galleries in Yokohama and seven other cities. In 1990, a further series of exhibitions (also sponsored by the Sogo Group) considerably enlarged the circle of her admirers and collectors, leading to the 1991 establishment of the Lou Zhenggang Sponsorship Committee, headed by two former prime ministers (Nakasone and Takeshita), a renowned artist and several leading bankers and industrialists. In 1991, she launched a two-year series of exhibitions held across Japan, entitled "Oriental Melody — Lou Zhenggang Calligraphy and Paintings", sponsored by the Yamaha Group. In 1993, she traveled to the U.S. for the first time, presenting a gift of 22 color paintings to UNICEF. The United Nations later issued a "first day cover" stamp issue featuring Lou's work.
In May 1993, she held an exhibition at the art gallery inside the main Mitsukoshi store in Nihonbashi, one of the most prestigious venues in Japan. Noted painter Matazo Kayama commented on the show, “Lou...leaves behind her reputation as a child prodigy and steps into a new role as a brilliant young female artist.” Another artist, Goro Koyama, called her “...a genius chosen from among 1.2 billion Chinese.” 
Thirties (1997-2006).
In 1998, Lou donated approximately US$1.5 million to establish the Lou Zhenggang Art Education Development Fund in China. Between 1998 and 2002, she created 34 color silk screen designs in a series entitled “Life and Love” to Ai, 生命と愛. These were radical departures from traditional black-and-white calligraphy, not only due to the bold use of color, but also the abstract images she created. This series is particularly notable for its historical significance: In 2007, the National Museum of China, which had previously not included any abstract works by contemporary artists, changed its policy and decided to add all 34 of Ms. Lou’s color works to its permanent collection.
Beginning in October 2004, Lou hosted her own program, “Calligraphy of the Heart” no Sho, 心の書 on TV Tokyo, a nationwide television network. In the program, she talked with various Japanese celebrities, each of whom had a special word, saying or personal motto that guided them. Lou would elegantly draw these characters and the two would discuss their meaning on camera. The program continued for almost three years, ending in 2006 just before Lou’s 40th birthday.
Forties (2006~).
As she turned 40, Lou seemed to find even greater strength and self-assurance. A 2007 Chinese TV program provided insight into this dramatic change in her development: "Lou Zhenggang says the aura of prodigy once hovered over her life like an unspeakable burden. Her own reading of history had persuaded her (that) prodigies live short lives. Lou expected to be dead by 40. After she turned forty, everything changed. She had survived the prodigy's burden. Now, after all these years, she sees herself as a normal person. And since that revelation, she's found the surest way to happiness is by following her own heart."
Recent exhibitions.
Sino Group HQ, Hong Kong (2008) - The Path of Heart
Tudor Museum, Beijing (2008)
Park Prince Tower, Tokyo (2007)
Imperial Hotel, Tokyo (2006)
Public collections.
Lou Zhenggang’s works have been acquired by the following museums and galleries:
National Palace Museum; Beijing Art Museum; Chinese History Museum; Chinese Art Gallery; Beijing Art Museum; Shoudu Museum; Qi Lu Calligraphy and Painting Institute; and the official provincial museums of Zhejiang Province; Jiangsu Province; Jilin Province; Heilongjiang Province; Sichuan Province; Henan Province; Shoanxi Province; Guizhou Province; and Liaoning Province.
Private Collections.
Lou Zhenggang’s works have been acquired by the following individual collectors (titles as of the date of purchase):
Published works.
Lou Zhenggang (2004?). "Kokoro" [心], Sekai Bunka-sha (Tokyo).
Lou Zhenggang (2006). "Kokoro no Kizuna: Ro Sei Ko no Sho to Jinsei" [心の絆ー婁正綱の書と人生], Ascom (Tokyo) ISBN 4-7762-0301-4
Lou Zhenggang (2006). "Kokoro no Kotoba" [心の言葉] (English Title: "The 70 Mottoes"), Sekai Bunka-sha (Tokyo) ISBN 4-418-06524-5
Lou Zhenggang (2007). "Seimei to Ai" [生命と愛] Silk screen prints to commemorate the inclusion of her work in the National Museum of China collection
Lou Zhenggang (2008). "Kokoro no Sho "Rongo"" [心の書「論語」], Kodansha (Tokyo) ISBN 978-4-06-215101-6
Further information.
(2006) "Shogaka Ro Sei Ko" [書画家　婁正綱] (Lou Zenggang, Painter/Calligrapher) (DVD, produced & sold by KK C.A.L. (www.cal-net.co.jp), Tokyo

</doc>
<doc id="21435575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435575" title="Ice-albedo feedback">
Ice-albedo feedback

Ice-albedo feedback (or snow-albedo feedback) is a positive feedback climate process where a change in the area of snow-covered land, ice caps, glaciers or sea ice alters the albedo. This change in albedo acts to reinforce the initial alteration in ice area. Cooling tends to increase ice cover and hence the albedo, reducing the amount of solar energy absorbed and leading to more cooling. Conversely, warming tends to decrease ice cover and hence the albedo, increasing the amount of solar energy absorbed, leading to more warming.
The effect also applies on the small scale to snow-covered surfaces. A small amount of snow melt exposes darker ground which absorbs more radiation, leading to more snowmelt.
The effect has mostly been discussed in terms of the recent trend of declining Arctic sea ice.
Internal feedback processes may also potentially occur, as land ice melts and causes eustatic sea level rise, and also potentially induces earthquakes as a result of isostatic rebound, which further acts to disrupt glaciers, ice shelves, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21435588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435588" title="Prince Nana (footballer)">
Prince Nana (footballer)

Prince Nana Takyi (born March 16, 1983 in Kumasi) is a Danish-Ghanaian former football player in the striker position. He played for Akademisk Boldklub in the Danish Superliga championship, and played professionally for a number of Danish clubs in the Danish 1st Division, and was named 2008 Best African Footballer in Denmark. He ended his career in February 2010 due to injuries. Nana received a Danish citizenship in February 2008.
Nana started his senior career in Danish football, playing in Kjøbenhavns Boldklub (KB), the reserve team of multiple Danish champions F.C. Copenhagen. He later joined Akademisk Boldklub (AB), playing in the Danish Superliga championship. He made his Superliga debut in a 2-1 win against BK Frem on August 31, 2003. In February 2004, Nana was poised to replace departing strikers Heine Fernandez and Abdul Sule in the AB starting line-up, but he suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon in April 2004. He only played that one game, as AB ended in last place of the 2003-04 Danish Superliga season and was relegated to the Danish 1st Division. 
He stayed with AB in the 1st Division, and scored a hat-trick for AB in a 4-1 win against BK Frem on October 1, 2006. AB coach Christian Andersen emphazised Nana as the profile of the AB team in March 2007, likening him to Adriano Leite Ribeiro. Nana suffered a knee injury in April 2007, and was out for the rest of the year. He never fully recovered, and Nana left AB in July 2008, and signed with Køge BK. In November 2008, Nana received the 2008 Best African Footballer in Denmark award. After half a year at Køge, Nana signed with Hellerup IK in January 2009. He moved to Boldklubben Frem in July 2009, to play under his former coach Christian Andersen. Nana suffered further injuries, and decided to end his career in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21435597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435597" title="Viktor Esbensen">
Viktor Esbensen

Viktor Esbensen (11 March 1881 – 29 January 1942) was a Norwegian mariner known for exploring the Antarctic region together with his father-in-law Carl Anton Larsen, looking to make a living from whaling. He was killed when his ship was sunk in World War II.
Early life.
Esbensen was born in Vadsø as the son of Peder Esbensen, born 1844, and his wife Karen, born 1849. Both his parents died in 1897 after which he was adopted by the Larsen family and went to live in Sandefjord. In 1907 in Ullern he married Elvina Larsen from Sandefjord, who was the daughter of ship-owner and whaler Carl Anton Larsen. The couple settled to live in Bærum, and had six children.
Career.
Esbensen was educated as a first mate and shipmaster after leaving middle school. He was among the original founding party of Grytviken, South Georgia along with Carl Anton Larsen. Esbensen was a manager for Compañía Argentina de Pesca, which organized the building of Grytviken, the first land-based whaling station in Antarctica put into operation on 24 December 1904. Esbensen Bay is named after him.
Around the outbreak of World War II, Esbensen took over as Captain of the ship SS "Bjørnvik". The ship escaped the German invasion of Norway on 9 April 1940, having arrived in Methil on 3 April, and continued in service in and around the United Kingdom. On the morning of 27 January 1942, the ship was en route from Newport to Fowey with a cargo of patent fuel, and had joined a convoy. However, due to bad weather the ship lost its convoy in the evening the same day, and in the afternoon the next day it was suddenly attacked and sunk by German aircraft outside of Falmouth. The ship being hit by five bombs, she sank in half a minute. Most of its crew perished, including Esbensen. His date of death was given as 29 February. Only the first mate, a stoker and a gunner survived.

</doc>
<doc id="21435602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435602" title="Telegraph boy">
Telegraph boy

Telegraph boys (or, district messenger boys or, messenger boys or, telegraph messenger boys) were uniformed young men between 10 and 18 years of age who, mounted on bicycles, carried telegrams through urban streets. Unlike the men in the telegraph office who worked indoors on fixed wages under close supervision, enjoyed union benefits, and managed the electrical transfer of information, telegraph boys worked outdoors under no supervision on piece wages, saw no union benefits, and managed the physical aspect of the industry in the form of handwritten or printed paper messages.
Boys reported for work in the morning clad in their uniforms and awaited their assignments, receiving payment by the mile. Though some choose to travel by foot, bicycles were required for distant destinations. John Dickinson of Dallas, Texas accumulated more than 16,000 miles between April and September 1916. Western Union bought 5,000 bicycles a year and resold them to their telegraph boys nationwide at a discount. A local fleet might number from one to three dozen or more. Companies were responsible for providing uniform laundries, locker rooms, assembly halls, and classrooms. 
In the call-box system developed in 1872, a customer would "ring" the telegraph office for a messenger who would then speed to the customer's door to pick up a handwritten message and return to the telegraph office to have it sent electrically to its destination.
The life could be dangerous. Boys were expected to "scorch" their bicycles in urban traffic. Strikes occurred with messenger boys cycling "en masse" to keep scabs from being hired. Boys attended continuation-school on a four hour-a-week schedule rather than the 36 hour schedule of public schools. During slack times, the telegraph office hid the boys from public view in basements and back rooms where they smoked, read penny dreadfuls, and shot craps. Weekends or evenings might involve taking part in uniformed military drills before the public. At night, the boys might be required to enter the red light districts in connection with their job duties. The demand for telegraph boys fell when companies began reading messages over the telephone.
In the autumn of 1914, bicycling telegraph boy Robert Crawford of Washington, D.C. collided with a car carrying President Woodrow Wilson. The President sent his personal physician to attend Crawford. Later, he visited the boy in the hospital and presented him with a new bicycle. "I did not know it was the President's car that I ran into," the boy said. Wilson replied, "I rather thought it was the President's car that ran into you."

</doc>
<doc id="21435603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435603" title="Findlay Weir">
Findlay Weir

Findlay Weir (born 18 April 1889 in Glasgow–died 9 July 1918) was a professional footballer who played for clubs including Maryhill, Sheffield Wednesday and Tottenham Hotspur.
Football career.
Weir joined Tottenham from Sheffield Wednesday in 1912 where he featured in 71 matches and scoring one goal. The determined wing half played a total of 101 matches and scored on two occasions in all competitions for the White Hart Lane club between 1912–1915. 
First world war.
Weir was killed in action while serving in the First World War with the Royal Engineers on 9 July 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="21435615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435615" title="Monti Prenestini">
Monti Prenestini

The Monti Prenestini is a mountain range in the Lazio sub-Apennines, in central Italy to the east of Rome. It is of limestone formation. It is bounded by the Monti Tiburtini to the north, by the Monti Ruffi to the east, and by the valley of the river Sacco to the south. The highest peak is Monte Guadagnolo (1,218 m), in the "comune" of Capranica Prenestina.

</doc>
<doc id="21435617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435617" title="Alan Kennedy (hurler)">
Alan Kennedy (hurler)

Alan Kennedy (born 1986 in Glanmire, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Sarsfield's and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009 when he was called up due to the 2008-2009 Cork Hurlers strike.

</doc>
<doc id="21435620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435620" title="Julia Smith (disambiguation)">
Julia Smith (disambiguation)

Julia Smith (1927–1997) was an English television director and producer.
Julia Smith may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435627" title="John O'Neal">
John O'Neal

John O'Neal (born 1841) a native of Ireland, was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for heroism on April 12, 1872.
Medal of Honor citation.
Serving on board the U.S.S. Kansas, O'Neal displayed great coolness and self-possession at the time Comdr. A. F. Crosman and others were drowned near Greytown, Nicaragua, 12 April 1872, and by personal exertion prevented greater loss of life.

</doc>
<doc id="21435631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435631" title="William Macmichael">
William Macmichael

William Macmichael (30 November 1783 – 10 January 1839) was an English physician and medical biographer, remembered as the author of "The Gold-Headed Cane" (1827).
Life and career.
William Macmichael was born on 30 November 1783 in Bridgnorth, Shropshire. He was educated at Bridgnorth Grammar School. In 1800 he went up to Christ Church College, Oxford, with a scholarship. Macmichael spent the years from 1811 to 1817 visiting Bulgaria, Greece, Palestine, Romania, Russia and Turkey after gaining a Radcliffe traveling fellowship. Macmichael gained an MD from Oxford, and became a fellow of both the Royal Society and of the Royal College of Physicians. Macmaichael served as censor for the Royal College of Physicians, as a physician to the Middlesex Hospital, registrar at the Royal College of Physicians, and adviser to the President of the Royal College of Physicians. In 1829 Macmichael was appointed physician extraordinary to King George IV, became librarian to the King in 30, and became physician in ordinary to King William IV in 1831. Between 1833 and 1835 Macmichael was an Inspector General of Lunatic Asylums. Macmichael died in 1839 following his retirement through ill-health.
Macmichael's "A Journey from Moscow to Constantinople in the Years 1817, 1818" was published in 1819. Macmichael's "A New View of the Infection of Scarlet Fever: Illustrated by Remarks on other Contagious Disorders" was published in 1822. Macmichael's "The Gold-Headed Cane" was published anonymously in 1827 with biographies of the owners of a cane carried by John Radcliffe, Richard Mead, Anthony Askew, William Pitcairn and Matthew Baillie. Macmichael's "The Lives of British Physicians" was published anonymously in 1830 including biographies of William Harvey, Thomas Linacre and John Caius.

</doc>
<doc id="21435647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435647" title="Aleksandr Kravtsov">
Aleksandr Kravtsov

Aleksandr Kravtsov (born March 18, 1974) is a retired male high jumper from Russia, best known for winning the gold medal in the men's high jump at the 2001 Summer Universiade. He set his personal best (2.31 metres) on 14 July 2001 at a meet in Tula.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21435651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435651" title="Baruto no Gakuen">
Baruto no Gakuen


</doc>
<doc id="21435678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435678" title="Tōshi Kaden">
Tōshi Kaden

, commonly abbreviated as Kaden, is a Japanese biographical record of the Fujiwara clan. Compiled by Fujiwara no Nakamaro and Enkei, it was completed between 760 and 766. It is two volumes in length.
Contents.
The first volume, known formally as , was compiled by Fujiwara no Nakamaro. It records the biography of Fujiwara no Kamatari, the ancestor of the Fujiwara clan. This is followed by accounts of his children, Jōe and Fuhito. However, only the Jōe passage survives.
The second volume, known formally as , was compiled by Enkei. It records the biography of Fujiwara no Muchimaro.
The text is viewed as a valuable supplemental historical source as it contains a number of anecdotal incidents not found elsewhere in historical records.

</doc>
<doc id="21435679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435679" title="Ram Puniyani">
Ram Puniyani

Ram Puniyani (born 25 August 1945) was a professor in biomedical engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, and took voluntary retirement in December 2004 to work full-time for communal harmony in India He is involved with human rights activities from last two decades. He is working for communal harmony and initiatives to oppose the rising tide of Fundamentalism in India [http://word.world-citizenship.org/wp-archive/2694. He is associated with various secular and democratic initiatives like All India Secular Forum, Center for Study of Society and Secularism and ANHAD.
Bio.
Dr. Puniyani was born in British India (1945), and raised in a refugee Punjabi speaking business family in the central Indian town of Nagpur. He completed a Visharad in Hindi literature alongside matriculation, and thence both MBBS and MD at the Nagpur Medical college. Upon graduation he moved to Mumbai where he found a job as a senior medical officer(SMO) at the Indian Institute of technology campus in Powai, Mumbai. After about 10 years of service as a physician, he diverted into the then fledgling Blood Rhealogy lab set up in collaboration with various Mechanical Engineering faculty. After obtaining Tenure, and successfully producing more than 5 doctoral students and mentoring numerous talented Masters students, he decided to dedicate himself to the then burning cause of restoring secular principles to post Babri-demolition post Mumbai-rioting India. He resides in Powai with his wife who is a practising physician, whom he met as a professor of Medicine in Nagpur Medical College. He has two sons who are settled as professionals in various companies.
Activism.
He has been spreading the message of peace and amity through lectures, publications, workshops and meetings and by travelling extensively to different parts of the country disseminating messages of secularism, pluralism and communal harmony. His lectures focus on the need for national integration and communal harmony. He is also the Course Director of 'Peace and Conflict Resolution' Workshop, being conducted by Center for Study of Society and Secularism. Is associated with various secular initiatives and has been part of various investigation reports on violation of human rights of minorities Has been part of an Indian People's Tribunal that investigated the violation of rights of minorities in Orissa and Madhya Pradesh [http://iptindia.org/main/ipt.php?Page=Report&Report=40. His approach and views have also been criticised as anti Hindu.
He is known for his articles and essays which regularly appears in Indian magazines and newspapers He also runs a fortnightly e-bulletin 'Issues in secular politics'[http://www.pluralindia.com.
Books.
Indian Democracy, Pluralism and Minorities
Communalism: India's Nemesis?
Communalism: What is False: What is True [http://www.indianmuslims.info/documents/communalism_what_is_false_what_is_true_ram_puniyani.html]
Communalism: Illustrated Primer [http://www.gojaba.com/book/389870/Communalism-An-Illustrated-Primer-Ram-Puniyani]
Communal Politics: Facts Versus Myths [http://books.google.co.in/books?id=Fn7GhTpJ4esC&dq=ram+puniyani+Communal+Politics:+Facts+Versus+Myths&printsec=frontcover&source=bl&ots=n_252kTko0&sig=1JypVKcT957xSmId8ra4LdVNejw&hl=en&ei=YYM_S-XKB46gkQX34_3rCA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CAgQ6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=&f=false]
Terrorism: Facts versus Myths [http://www.pharosmedia.com/india-books-bookstore/Book_Terrorism_Facts_versus_Myths_By_Ram_Puniyani.htm]
Second Assassination of Gandhi [http://openlibrary.org/b/OL13147048M/The_Second_Assassination_of_Gandhi]
Religion Power and Violence: Expression Of Politics In Contemporary Times [http://books.google.co.in/books?id=ZdPipb-u21gC&dq=ram+puniyani+Religion+Power+and+Violence:+Expression+Of+Politics+In+Contemporary+Times&printsec=frontcover&source=bl&ots=K0MvZieZ-m&sig=4cJCkNhSFmhzni7tEypjr3AR_6Q&hl=en&ei=L4M_S7-UHNGIkAWtm5n-CA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CAgQ6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=&f=false]
Contours of Hindu Rashtra: Hindutva, Sangh Parivar And Contemporary Politics [http://www.flipkart.com/contour-hindu-rashtra-ram-puniyani/817835473x-4v23fauc9e]
Contemporary India: Overcoming Sectarianism: Terrorism [http://www.flipkart.com/contemporary-india-ram-puniyani-overcoming/8178711451-4v23f42zgf]
Hindutva Strategies And Dalit Movement [http://www.mail-archive.com/greenyouth@googlegroups.com/msg01097.html]
Hindu Extreme Right-Wing Groups : Ideology and Consequences [http://www.flipkart.com/hindu-extreme-right-wing-groups/8174951733-0v23fd2e8c]
Mumbai Post 26/11(Edited along with Shabnam Hashmi)[http://www.politicos.co.uk/books/449642/Ram-Puniyani-(Editor)-and-Shabnam-Hashmi-(Editor)/Mumbai:-Post-26-11/]

</doc>
<doc id="21435680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435680" title="Jack Chalmers">
Jack Chalmers

John "Jack" Chalmers GC (11 March 1894 – 29 March 1982) was a New Zealand-born Australian exchange recipient of the George Cross, the highest decoration for gallantry awarded to civilians or to military personnel for actions "not in the face of the enemy" in the United Kingdom and Commonwealth. A member of the North Bondi Surf Life Saving Club, Chalmers was awarded the Albert Medal in 1922 for his actions in rescuing a swimmer during a shark attack at Coogee Beach. With the establishment of the George Cross, the Albert Medal was discontinued and, in 1971, living recipients of the decoration were invited to exchange their medal for the George Cross; Chalmers took up the offer and formally became a recipient of the George Cross.
Early life and war service.
Chalmers was born at Wellington, New Zealand, on 11 March 1894 to Scotsman John Chalmers, and his English wife Louise (née Seager). In 1906, Chalmers and his family moved to Sydney, Australia, before re-locating to Queensland two years later. During this time, Chalmers gained employment as an engine driver.
On 5 October 1915, Chalmers enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force for service during the First World War. Allotted to the 7th Reinforcements of the 25th Battalion as a private, he embarked from Brisbane aboard HMAT "Itonus" on 30 December. Arriving in Egypt, Chalmers was re-allocated to the newly formed 47th Battalion on 9 March 1916, following an expansion of the Australian forces. Following a period of training, Chalmers was shipped from Alexandria along with the rest of his battalion in June, bound for the Western Front.
Disembarking at Marseilles on 9 June 1916, the 47th Battalion moved into the trenches the following month, where it took part in its first major action of the war at Pozières. For the remainder of the year, Chalmers served alternating stints in the trenches and training behind the frontlines with his battalion. Having contracted trench foot, Chalmers was evacuated to England for treatment in February 1917. During this time, Chalmers married Jessie Alice Courtenay at the register office, Dorset, on 30 July 1917; the pair were later to have a son and a daughter. Having sufficiently recovered, he rejoined the 47th Battalion in France during September.
Serving at Messines and Passchendaele, Chalmers was transferred to the 45th Battalion on 25 April 1918. Following action at Amiens, he was granted three weeks leave to the United Kingdom in September. Following the Armistice, Chalmers returned to Australia on 3 July 1919 and was discharged from the Australian Imperial Force on 18 October.
Re-settling in Sydney with his wife, Chalmers joined the North Bondi Surf Life Saving Club. In 1921, he won belt races at several beaches around Sydney, and won the Australian Lifesaving Belt Championship the following year.
Albert Medal.
On 4 February 1922, Chalmers was on duty at Coogee Beach when Milton Coughlan, a body surfer, was attacked by a shark. Tying a line around his waist, Chalmers scrambled across the rocks where he slipped becoming dazed. Despite this, he dived into the water and swam out to Coughlan. Chalmers grabbed hold of him, and the pair were assisted ashore by Frank Beaurepaire. Coughlan was rushed to hospital with extensive injuries to his arms, where he died soon after admission.
Chalmers actions during the incident were widely publicised in the media, with the "The Sydney Mail" describing the rescue as "one of the most glorious deeds of gallantry ever recorded in Australia". Both Chalmers and Beaurepaire were awarded medals from the Royal Shipwreck Relief & Humane Society of New South Wales and the Surf Life Saving Association of New South Wales. On 7 July 1922, the announcement and accompanying citation for Chalmers to be awarded the Albert Medal was published in the "London Gazette", reading:
Chalmers and Beaurepaire were both granted life memberships with the Coogee Surf Life Saving Club and North Bondi Surf Life Saving Clubs for their efforts during the rescue. Following fund raising by the public, Chalmers was given £3000, which he used to repay the mortgage on his home and place a deposit on a truck.
Later life.
In 1971, due to the decline in status and significance of the Albert Medal, the British Government announced that living recipients of the decoration were invited to exchange their medals in substitution for the George Cross, and would henceforth formally become recipients of the latter award. All six living Australian Albert Medal recipients at the time opted to accept the offer, with Chalmers and four others travelling to London to receive their awards. The five men, Stanley Gibbs, Robert Kavanaugh, William McAloney, Dick Richards and Chalmers, were presented with their George Crosses at an investiture ceremony in Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 July 1972.
Chalmers retained his affiliation with the Surf Life Saving Association for the rest of his life, later being presented with their twenty-five and fifty-year service awards. During his life, Chalmers was employed as an ironworker, and later a rigger, at the Balmain shipyards. On 12 July 1972, Chalmers was presented with his George Cross by Queen Elizabeth II. Aged 88, Chalmers died at his home in Bondi Junction on 29 March 1982; his ashes were scattered on Bondi Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="21435682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435682" title="Telesarchus (military commander)">
Telesarchus (military commander)

Telesarchus (, "Telesarkhos") was a Syro-Macedonian military commander from the region along the Orontes river. In 279 BC, Antiochus I sent him with a force of 500 men against invading Gauls led by Brennus.
Telesarchus was in command of a garrison that defended one of two covert routes over Mount Oeta. His mission was to prevent the plundering of the Temple of Athene, located within the district of Trachis and a particularly attractive target because of the richness of the offerings it held. Although Telesarchus succeeded in turning away the Gauls, he was killed in battle. Pausanias calls him "remarkably zealous in the cause of Greece". The Gauls who took the other route over Oeta went on to destroy Callium.

</doc>
<doc id="21435687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435687" title="Monocaine">
Monocaine

Monocaine or monocane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21435695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435695" title="London and Southampton Railway">
London and Southampton Railway

The London and Southampton Railway was an early standard gauge railway company between London and Southampton, in England. It opened in stages from 1838 to 1840 after a difficult construction period, but was commercially successful.
On preparing to serve Portsmouth, a rival port to Southampton, it changed its name to the London and South Western Railway in June 1839.
Its original termini, at Nine Elms in London and at Southampton Docks, proved inconvenient and the line was extended to better-situated main stations at both ends. The remainder of the original main line continues in use today, as an important part of the national rail network.
This article deals with the construction of the original line up to the time of opening throughout. Subsequent information is in the article London and South Western Railway.
Beginnings.
A private meeting of interested parties was held on 26 February 1831, and a committee of investigation was appointed, and £400 voted for initial expenses, and the services of Francis Giles were secured as engineer.
A prospectus was issued on 6 April 1831 for the "Southampton, London and Branch Railway and Dock Company", which was to have a capital of £1.5 million. The line was to link Southampton and London, and to extend a branch to districts between Hungerford and Bath and Bristol, and the company was to make improvements to the docks at Southampton. The engineer Francis Giles was retained to design the route. A reduction in the price of coal to persons living near the line was forecast, as well as passenger traffic and the import of produce and materials through Southampton docks.
Giles proceeded with a detailed survey, but the directors were persuaded to hold over submission of their enabling Bill until the 1833 session, possibly to observe how the London and Birmingham Railway bill fared in the 1832 session. Williams suggests that this delay enabled the London and Birmingham Railway to be the first (main line) railway out of London and that it made the implementation of the Great Western Railway easier also.
Giles re-surveyed in 1833, revising some income estimates, and the prospectus now proposed a capital of £1 million, the docks development having been made separate once again. The Bill received the Royal Assent on 25 July 1834. No track gauge was specified. At Nine Elms engines would not cross Nine Elms Lane, but horses would draw the wagons to the river wharf, which had a 30 yard (27 metre) frontage. The route was to pass near Battersea, Wandsworth, Wimbledon, Surbiton, Woking Common, Basing, Basingstoke and Winchester, to the shore at Southampton. The railway was now to be called the "London and Southampton Railway".
The Bristol branch defeated.
However the Great Western Railway (GWR) had also formed a proposal in the same session for its line between London and Bristol, and the two schemes were in direct opposition. Each side fiercely criticised the plans of the other side, and numerous expert witnesses were called. The Committee stage lasted 46 days, but at the end Parliament found for the Great Western scheme, the Royal Assent being granted on 31 August 1835, and the London and Southampton Railway's branch to Bristol was no more.
Considerable fierce enmity was generated between the two companies during the parliamentary battle, and MacDermot, writing from the GWR point of view, says that "This was the beginning of a long and bitter hostility to their (the L&SR's) great neighbour."
Construction.
W J Chaplin.
The directors needed urgently to dispel doubt about the income of the company, and three men acquainted with the estimation of traffic were asked to submit forecasts. One of these was William James Chaplin, who had an extensive road coach business. His forecast was particularly favoured. Evidently he was a far-sighted businessman, for he progressively reduced his business in coaching and adopted railway interests.
When the directors met on 26 April 1837, they resolved that Chaplin should be appointed to a vacancy on the board. Chaplin's steady business acumen proved a great asset to the company, becoming Deputy Chairman on 30 October 1840
Locke is engaged.
Joseph Locke was appointed as the engineer, but it was evident that substantially more capital was required to complete the line—Giles' original estimate had been £1 million including an allowance for contingencies, but the updated estimate to complete was £1.5 million. Parliamentary authority to increase the capital by what is nowadays known as a rights issue was obtained on 30 June 1837, not without unwelcome opposition from Giles. The Act also authorised a number of local deviations to the route which reduced the earthworks necessary, and which replaced a proposed tunnel at Popham with a cutting on an eight-mile deviation from the original route.
Locke replaced the small contractors on the section from Wandsworth to the Wey Navigation, and brought in Thomas Brassey, who had successfully worked on the Liverpool and Manchester Railway and the Grand Junction Railway. On the more westerly sections he required the contractors to provide the materials themselves. Under Locke's superintendence, the work progressed more reliably and rapidly.
Opening at last.
Woking only had one platform at first.
Epsom races were held in the second week of operation, and the Company advertised the intention of running eight trains to Kingston on Derby Day. That morning
a crowd of about 5,000 persons was found at the station gates. Several trains were despatched but still the throng increased, till at length the doors were carried off their hinges, and amid the shrieks of the female portion of their number, the mob broke over the booking counter, leaped through the windows, invaded the platform and rushed pell mell into a train chartered by a private party. Finding resistance useless, the officials sent for the Metropolitan Police, and at twelve o'clock a notice was posted on the booking office window announcing that no more trains would run that day.
By the end of the first twelve weeks receipts had totalled £11,059 12s 3d for the carriage of 93,795 passengers; no goods had been carried at this stage. Working expenses were about 59% of receipts, considerably more than had been forecast.
On 24 September 1838 the line was opened as far as Shapley Heath (now Winchfield) "which had the effect of bringing the majority of the coaches running to the south west and west of England to that station". Then on 10 June 1839 the line was formally opened from Shapley Heath to Basingstoke and from Winchester to Northam Road, a little short of the Southampton terminus. Road coaches plied over the gap between Basingstoke and Winchester, and the throughout journey occupied five hours.
At this stage the Archdeacon and Prebendary of Winchester wrote to the Company complaining about the operation of trains on Sundays, contrary to Scripture. The Chairman, John Easthope sent a forthright and carefully reasoned reply, bringing the issue swiftly to a close.
Its construction had cost more than the original estimates; in January 1832, the declared estimates amounted to £1,033,414, but the financial reconstruction arising from the November 1836 revision used £1,507,753; the outturn was somewhat above this figure at £1,551,914:
Technical and operational matters at opening.
Nine Elms Station.
The fine building frontage designed by Tite included offices; Wishaw described the station:
The entrance to the booking-office is in the middle of this front, under an arcade which extends along the principal part of its length. On the left of the booking-office are separate waiting-rooms for ladies and gentlemen; and on the right a private office. The passenger-shed is immediately in the rear of the offices, and is approached by a door from the booking-office.
The passenger-shed extends from the offices for a length of 290 feet, and is altogether 74 feet 9 inches in width and 17 feet 3 inches high ... the top surface of each platform is 15 inches above the level of the rails. The queen-post wooden roof extends over the railway only ... the platforms are covered with flat roofs ... There are four lines of way under this shed ... near the end of the shed a transverse line, with four turn-tables at the point of intersection, runs across to the carriage-landing, which is on the right as you leave Nine Elms ... Without the shed a second cross line runs off to the carriage-house and locomotives' department. There are altogether beyond the shed eleven lines of way, including sidings.
The locomotives' engine-house is a rectangular building, lofty and convenient, and is furnished with four lines of way, some of which are provided with engine-races ... a triple way is extended from the Nine Elms station as far as the coke-ovens.
The locomotives used coke rather than coal; coke was considered to emit less smoke, and the company made its own coke at Nine Elms. Whishaw describes the plant in some detail.
Although the Thames-side location was convenient for wharfage, the location was never intended as a permanent London passenger terminal; an extension was contemplated in 1836 (and was decided upon in 1844). For the time being
The London passenger found it more convenient than other companies' stations. He might leave it by road and frequently dip his hand for Turnpike tolls, or for 3d choose the steamer "Citizen", or the opposing "Bridegroom", to reach the capital by river, cursing his choice when the rival vessel arrived and cleared the other queue while his own waited half an hour. By 1848 about 1,250,000 used Nine Elms annually, including 300,000 from the Richmond line, among whom lawyers and others daily suffered the rail and river trip between that town and Hungerford and Temple piers. Things improved slightly when the two steamer services combined shortly before the line opened to Waterloo.
The London & Westminster Steam Boat Company took passengers along the Thames to and from Nine Elms and Dyers Hall Wharf, Upper Thames Street, and Hungerford Market.
Passengers.
The practice of dealing with passengers was inherited from road coach and cart operation. Intending passengers were issued with a paper ticket filled in by hand. Carriages were not lit, and second class carriages were "sideless". Third class passengers were carried from the opening of the whole line, in open trucks attached to goods trains.
First class coaches had three compartments each; they were very low and narrow, "travellers' knees were pressed uncomfortably hard against those of their opposite neighbour". Second class was equally cramped, and the seat was a bare board; the second class carriages were open to the weather on either side.
Luggage was carried on the roof of first class carriages, and in boots underneath the seats, opening from the outside, in the case of second.
"A frame work with seats, fitted on the bed of a carriage truck, constituted the vehicle in which third class passengers travelled in those days ; the frame work was removed upon the truck being required for its ordinary purpose."
Goods.
When goods traffic commenced, the wagons were attached to the last passenger train of the day, but when the line was opened to Basingstoke a dedicated goods train was run. The guard travelled in a vehicle called a Noah's Ark, in which sundries and parcels were carried. The drawgear had no springing, and starting a heavy train was usually achieved by setting back on to a scotch, so as to slacken all the couplings, and then to start forward.
Operating.
Up trains arriving at Nine Elms stopped before entering the station and the locomotive was detached; the train was then roped in to the station. At this early date, a primitive form of time interval system was used: a train might not proceed until the preceding train was "well out of sight". The first accident was on 13 June 1840 when an engine ran into a train at Farnborough.
Locomotives.
Locke, as engineer to the Company, was responsible for the locomotives. His experience on the Grand Junction Railway influenced his thinking; he used engines with a single driving wheel of 5 feet to 5 feet 6 in diameter, with outside cylinders 12 or 14 inches diameter and 18 inch stroke.
Permanent way.
The gauge of the track was . The first rails ordered were of a flat-bottom wrought iron design, 3½ in deep, and "of parallel form" as opposed to the fish-bellied pattern that had been popular previously. They were 15 feet long. Kyanised half-round timber sleepers at 3 feet spacing were used, with stone ballast from St Georges Hill, Weybridge. However it appears that some sleepers did not have preservative treatment, and their lives were accordingly short. The rails were to be in 15 lb chairs at the joints, but otherwise fastened direct to the sleepers.
By 1837 "63-lb yard rails had replaced the 50-lb originals, in turn to be superseded by 75-lb rails before completion of the line." Fay says that "The line at its first opening was laid with stone block sleepers, but a few years' experience was sufficient to cause them to be replaced by wooden ones."
Thomas Brassey contracted to maintain the track for ten years from 1840, for £24,000 per annum.
Factual summary.
Stations.
The stations on the line at the time of opening were:
The Nine Elms and Southampton station buildings were elegantly designed in the classical style by William Tite.
Tunnels.
Tunnels on the line were at:
See also.
H P White, "A Regional History of the Railways of Great Britain—Volume 2—Southern England", Phoenix House Ltd, London, 1961, pages 110 - 116.

</doc>
<doc id="21435696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435696" title="Nyethang Drolma Lhakhang Temple">
Nyethang Drolma Lhakhang Temple

The Nyethang Drolma Lhakhang Temple is a monastery in Nyethang founded most probably by Atisha.
Situation.
The Temple is located in Nyethang (approx. twelve miles SW of Lhasa), in the Qüxü County (Chushul district). 
Foundation.
According to some sources, the Temple was founded by Atisha, and he spent the last years of his life in this area where he died. 
According to another source, the Temple was founded in 1055 by Dromtonpa and Kawa Shakya Wangchuk, 
History.
"Drolma Lhakhang" is the name for Tara, a famous female bodhisattva. This Temple was not destroyed by the Chinese Red Gards because, at the time of the Cultural Revolution, the Government of Bengal requested for it to remain, as this site is sacred to Bengali people since Atisa originated from Bengal. A relic from Naropa is in this site. The exterior has long open-porch, symmetrical windows. The interior has several representations and frescoes of bodhisattva Tara. These representations are depicted in natural pigment white, blue, green, and red.

</doc>
<doc id="21435698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435698" title="Joseph Warren Revere (general)">
Joseph Warren Revere (general)

Joseph Warren Revere (May 17, 1812 – April 20, 1880) was a career United States Army officer. He is known for being a Union brigadier general during the Civil War, his embarrassment at the Battle of Chancellorsville and for his notable family.
Civil War service.
When the Civil War started in 1861 Revere tried to join the Union Navy but was informed that there were no officer slots available for him. Having been appointed as head of the New Jersey Militia during the governorship of Rodman Price, he decided to enlist in the Union Army. Revere was appointed colonel of the 7th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry. He fought in the Peninsula Campaign, and led the 3rd Corps during the Seven Days Battle. Revere then fought at the Second Battle of Bull Run where he was commended for his bravery. In October 1862 Joseph Revere was appointed a brigadier general. At the Battle of Fredericksburg he led a brigade but saw little action. He was later named to command the Excelsior Brigade. Revere's most personally challenging moment of his Civil War career came after the Battle of Chancellorsville when 'blame' was being assigned for the Union Army's loss. After charging the Confederate line, Maj. Gen. Hiram Berry was mortally wounded and the command was left to Revere. In the chaos of a battle with no clear front line, Revere's decision to regroup his men, commanding them to reform at a point set by compass led to controversy. This three-mile march, described by Revere as a "regrouping effort" and not a retreat, led to his being court-martialed. Abraham Lincoln overturned the court's ruling and reinstated Revere but accepted Revere's resignation at the same time. As a lifelong member of the Democratic Party, that was probably the best deal Revere could expect from a Republican administration. In response to this situation, Revere was voted the honor of the rank of Brevet Major General by the United States Congress in 1866.
Postbellum career and death.
After his resignation Revere began traveling the globe and writing books but his health had been affected by his Civil War service. He had suffered from a severe case of rheumatic fever during the Peninsular Campaign and had been severely wounded at the Second Battle of Mannasas. He wrote two books, the autobiographical "Keel and Saddle: A Retrospect of 40 years of Military and Naval Service" and "A Tour of Duty in California, including a description of the Gold Region". After having bad health for some time Joseph Revere died on April 21, 1880 in Hoboken, New Jersey at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="21435703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435703" title="The Swift Show">
The Swift Show

The Swift Show is an American variety/game show that aired on Thursdays at 8:30pm EST on NBC premiering April 1, 1948 and running to 1949. 
Overview.
The series, sponsored by the Swift & Company meat packing company, was mainly a musical variety show hosted by Lanny Ross, although during its first few months, it also featured a quiz show segment. Guest stars included Eileen Barton, Frank Fontaine, Max Showalter, and Susan Shaw.
For the first five months, a quiz show segment was included. In September 1948, the show became "Lanny's penthouse with his girlfriend Eileen Barton visiting". In March 1949, the show reverted to a purely musical variety show.
Episode status.
Two episodes, from May 13, 1948 and May 27, 1948, are in the collection of the UCLA Film and Television Archive, and an episode from March 31, 1949 is in the collection of the Paley Center for Media.

</doc>
<doc id="21435711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435711" title="Zurück zum Glück">
Zurück zum Glück

Zurück zum Glück (Wordplay: "Back to happiness"/"Fortunately back") is the tenth studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. The cover is designed by Dirk Rudolph.
Demos.
One unreleased demo from the album surfaced in 2007 with the re-release of "Auswärtsspiel".

</doc>
<doc id="21435725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435725" title="Maarten Krabbé">
Maarten Krabbé

Maarten Krabbé (22 February 1908 – 18 February 2005) was a Dutch painter and art educator.
Early life.
Krabbé is the son of painter Hendrik Maarten Krabbé (1868–1931) and singer Miep Rust (1874–1956). His sisters were Henny Eskens-Krabbé (who was a resistance fighter in World War II) and Lies van Buren-Krabbé.
Krabbé grew up in Het Gooi, where he intensively enjoyed being surrounded by nature. This would manifest itself in his art work later on in life. In 1913 he moved with his family to Bussum and in 1922 to Zandvoort.
After three years in high school (HBS) in Haarlem, his father gave him his blessing to become a painter. He then enrolled at the National Academy for the Visual Arts (Rijksacademie voor Beeldende Kunsten) in Amsterdam from 1926–1930.
In his youth Krabbé studied the "Face Book" (Gelatenboek) by Petrus Camper (1780) and found his inspiration as a painter in Cubism, children’s drawings, Joseph René Gockinga (1893–1962) and Aubrey Beardsley. When still quite young he discovered the experimental technique of automatic drawing – finding shapes in accidental lines. He was also very sensitive to the power of words, corresponding with writers and poets including Frederik van Eeden, Dulac, Dr. Paul Gachet who was physician to Vincent van Gogh, Carmiggelt and colleague, the painter Melle Oldeboerrigter.
Style and works.
As a more mature artist, one can see in his work how he explores styles and compositions of well-known colleagues in order to find out what makes them so special. We see works (paintings, etchings, drawings, gouaches) in the styles of, among others, Cézanne, Matisse, Géricault, Picasso, Doré, Vuillard and Klee, but always in his own stroke and with the liveliness that characterizes all of his work. Like his father he painted portraits by commission, among which is one of family members of Vincent van Gogh. In the war years of 1940 -1945, the now famous series of etchings was created on the subject of Cervantes'sDon Quixote. After the war, these 18 etchings found their way to the Museo Casa Natal de Cervantes in Spain and just before his death eight masterly oil paintings on the same subject went to the same museum. In 1949 he created drawings and gouaches for the Bible. In the 1970s he painted a series of 72 gouaches on themes from A Thousand and One Nights. His later paintings, such as the "Gardens" breathe a very personal atmosphere with a power of color and optimism more likely to be associated with a younger painter.
Educator.
Krabbé developed into an important art educator, an innovator of drawing education for children. His thesis was that one should take the children’s own poetry as point of departure. By way of exploring techniques as an adventure and with his own poetic stories he created an unlimited space of fantasy for children from which they could create. For example: 
“There are trees that dream of undertaking faraway journeys. Therefore they stand very straight and tall, hoping they will be selected to be the mast of a ship. On the other hand there are trees that are thoroughly content with the little plot of land they grow on. They bend and bow in every direction to see as much as possible of what happens on their little plot. They are bent and gnarled. Other trees look like they are shouting; 'Hooray!' They stretch their arms up to the sun, the clouds and the heavens…”
He wrote many publications on art education for children in elementary school and high school, as well as for students of the teachers' colleges. His lectures throughout the Netherlands generated great enthusiasm because of his open, creative approach concerning art and children. Among others, he taught at the Kohnstamm School and the Adult Education Centre of Amsterdam. In the mid-1950s Krabbé had a TV programme in which he taught children how to draw.
Personal life.
Krabbé married Margreet Reiss, a writer and translator. They had two sons: author Tim and Jeroen who became an actor, director and painter. In the mid-1950s, they were divorced and in 1959 he married hos second wife, Helena Verschuur. They had a son, designer and painter, Mirko.
Cultural influence.
Filmmaker Louis van Gasteren used Maarten Krabbé’s works on Don Quixote in 2008 and poet Frank Starik wrote a memorial poem.

</doc>
<doc id="21435726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435726" title="Bart Evans">
Bart Evans

Bart Evans is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He was born on December 30, 1970 in Springfield, Missouri. He attended college at Missouri State University and was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 9th round of the 1992 MLB draft. Bart pitched 8 career games with and ERA of 2.00.
Bart married and had two children, Abbey(11) and Andrew(13) who also plays Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="21435727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435727" title="Allermöhe station">
Allermöhe station

Allermöhe station is a railway station served by the city trains, located in Hamburg, Germany, in the borough Bergedorf.
Station layout.
The station is elevated with an island platform and 2 tracks.
Station services.
Trains.
The rapid transit trains of the line S21 and the line S2 of the Hamburg S-Bahn calls the station.
Buses.
In front of the railway station is a bus stop.
Station facilities.
A small shop in the station sells fast food and newspapers. There are no lockerboxes and the station is fully accessible for handicapped persons. No personnel is attending the station.

</doc>
<doc id="21435728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435728" title="1985 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Singles">
1985 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Singles

Tim Mayotte won in the final 4–6, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2, 6–4 against Scott Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="21435736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435736" title="Petrovo field, Croatia">
Petrovo field, Croatia

The Petrovo field () is a karstic field in Croatia, located in inland of Dalmatian Zagora. It is 2500 hectare large, circled by mountains Svilaja, Promina and Moseć and with the town of Drniš.
In Otavice, a small village on edge of Petrovo field, there is a Meštrović family mausoleum, built by the famous Croatian sculptor Ivan Meštrović.

</doc>
