<doc id="21541167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541167" title="Neil McCorkell">
Neil McCorkell

Neil Thomas McCorkell (23 March 1912 – 28 February 2013) was an English cricketer. He was right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Portsmouth, Hampshire. Debuting for Hampshire County Cricket Club in 1932, McCorkell played first-class cricket for Hampshire in two periods, from 1932 to 1939, then after World War II from 1946 to 1951. Statistically he ended his first-class career as Hampshire's most successful wicket-keeper in first-class cricket, with 677 dismissals, although Bobby Parks later overtook that total. Following his retirement he emigrated to South Africa, where he still resided until his death. In 2012, he became the 16th first-class cricketer to reach 100 years of age.
Early life and career.
McCorkell was born on 23 March 1912, at White Hart Lane (today White Hart Road) in Old Portsmouth and was educated at the Portsmouth Town School in the 1920s and early 1930s. He learned his early cricket playing for various church teams based in the city, and in a letter written to Hampshire cricket historian Dave Allen in the early 2000s, McCorkell explained how he had "progressed to play for Portsmouth District against Hampshire Club & Ground and was then invited to join the staff as a junior professional at the age of 19 on 1 April 1931." 
In the decade preceding McCorkell joining Hampshire, Walter Livsey and George Brown kept wicket for the county Livsey's playing career ended in 1929, with Brown's career coming to an end by the early 1930s. McCorkell made his first-class debut for Hampshire in the 1932 County Championship against Somerset at Taunton. He established himself as a regular member of the Hampshire starting XI during that season, making 28 first-class appearances. While McCorkell did not stand out with the bat, scoring 499 runs at an average of 13.86, it was behind the stumps that he showed his talent, so much so that he did well enough to be selected for the end of season Gentlemen v Players fixture, with McCorkell representing the Players. In his debut season he claimed 38 catches and made 33 stumpings. He gained his Hampshire cap at the end of this season.
Having cemented his place as Hampshire's first choice wicket-keeper, McCorkell made 33 first-class appearances during the 1933 season, scoring 739 runs at an average of 18.94, with a high score of 57, one of two fifties he made in that season. He was again reliable behind the stumps too, taking 46 catches and making 10 stumpings. He featured in 29 first-class matches in the 1934 season, though failed to improve on his previous seasons batting, scoring 490 runs at an average of 14.00, with a high score of exactly fifty, while behind the stumps he was steadily reliable, taking 50 catches and making 14 stumpings. In 1935, he featured in 29 first-class matches, which included 59 batting innings. It was during this season that he established himself with the bat, passing a thousand runs during the season with a tally of 1,319 at an average of 24.42. He recorded his first century midway through this season against Lancashire with a score of 150 at the County Ground, Southampton. He recorded two further centuries in that season, in addition to making four half centuries. He took 40 catches and made 19 stumpings, further establishing himself as Hampshire's first choice wicket-keeper, with both his keeping and batting skills. The following season he once again passed 1,000 runs, scoring 1,350 at an average of exactly 27 in 32 first-class matches. He made just a single century in this season, with a score of 114 against Glamorgan at Dean Park, Bournemouth. Again solid behind the stumps, McCorkell claimed 51 catches and 15 stumpings. He also appeared for a second and final time for the Players against the Gentlemen at Lord's in 1936.
McCorkell played in 30 first-class matches for Hampshire in the 1937 season, having his most productive since his debut in 1932, passing a thousand runs with 1,506 runs at an average of 27.88. He scored two centuries and ten half centuries in this season, as well as taking 50 catches and 18 stumpings. His performances in this season earnt him a call up to teammate Lionel Tennyson's touring team to India in the winter of 1937. He played ten first-class matches on the tour against a selection of personal XIs of Maharajas, provincial/regional teams and one match against India itself. The tour was uneventful for McCorkell, with him scoring 241 runs and recording just a single half century, while taking 16 catches and making 5 stumpings. This was to be his only overseas tour. McCorkell made 33 first-class appearances during in 1938, once again passing a thousand runs for the season for the fourth season in a row. His batting statistics were similar to those of the 1937 English season, with 1,586 runs at an average of 27.82, with a single century score of 136 and seven half centuries. He also took 44 catches and made 12 stumpings.
In 1939, the final season before first-class cricket was cancelled due to World War II, he made 27 first-class appearances, and once again passed a thousands runs for the season, making 1,030. Despite passing this landmark for the fifth straight season, his batting was not quite as successful as it had been in previous seasons, averaging 22.39. He recorded a single century and four half centuries during this season, as well as taking 30 catches and making 11 stumpings. Including the 1939 season and the preceding four seasons before it, McCorkell had scored 6,791 runs at an average 26. A reliable glovesman, he also made 502 dismissals from behind the stumps (catches and stumpings combined) during this period. Despite his consistent performances for Hampshire he was unable to force his way into the England Test squad during this decade, due in large part to the presence of Kent wicket-keeper Les Ames, who was considered a superior batsman.
World War II and later career.
During World War II, McCorkell was a firefighter at Vickers factory in Newbury, Berkshire. Following the end of the war in 1945, McCorkell resumed his career in county cricket with Hampshire when first-class cricket resumed in 1946 after a six season break. Resuming his wicket-keeping duties, McCorkell appeared in 24 first-class matches in that season, scoring 641 runs at an average of 15.26. This was his worst with the bat since 1934, one in which he made no centuries and recorded just a single half century. This record vastly improved in the 28 first-class appearances he made in the following season, scoring 1,665 runs at an average of 40.60, with a high score of 103 not out, one of two centuries he made that season, in addition to fifteen half centuries he also made. This season was to be the most successful of his career. In the 1948 season, McCorkell broke his finger and only played 14 matches in total, scoring 754 runs. The following year Neil scored 1,871 runs the highest season aggregate of his career.
McCorkell retired from first-class cricket in 1951 and subsequently emigrated to South Africa with his family, wife Ethel and two sons Dennis and Ray. He took a position as cricket coach at Parktown Boys' High School in Johannesburg, where he worked for thirty years. The McCorkell Oval is named after him. He was up to the time of his death Hampshire's oldest surviving player. On 23 March 2012, McCorkell celebrated his 100th birthday at his Uvongo home, becoming the second Hampshire cricketer after Edward English to reach the landmark, and the thirteenth county cricketer to do so. McCorkell died on 28 February 2013, three weeks before his 101st birthday.
Statistics.
McCorkell went on to play 396 first-class matches, scoring 16,106 runs at an average of 25.60, including 17 centuries. He scored a thousand runs in a season on nine occasions, and scored 203 against Gloucester in 1951, his last season. As wicketkeeper, he took 532 catches and 185 stumpings.

</doc>
<doc id="21541169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541169" title="Guillermo Uribe Holguín">
Guillermo Uribe Holguín

Guillermo Uribe Holguín (sometimes spelled Uribe-Holguín) (17 March 1880 – 26 June 1971) was a Colombian composer and violinist and one of the most important Colombian cultural figures of his generation. He composed prolifically in many genres and founded the National Symphony Orchestra of Colombia (previously the orchestra of the National Conservatory). 
Biography.
Uribe Holguín was born in Bogotá. His father was Guillermo Uribe and his mother Mercédes Holguín. While studying at the School of Engineering, he simultaneously studied violin with Ricardo Figueroa, and composition with Santos Cifuentes and Augusto Azzali, at the National Academy of Music. He became dissatisfied with his progress, and sought out a private teacher, Narciso Garay. He completed his engineering studies. In 1903 he visited New York and for the first time he heard professional orchestras and opera. It was there that he started his series of 300 "trozos", based on folk melodies, written for various instruments. In 1905 he was appointed professor of violin and harmony at the Academia. There, in December 1905, he conducted his "Victimae Paschali" for solo voice, chorus and orchestra. 
He obtained a scholarship from the Colombian government to study in Paris. In 1907, at the Schola Cantorum, he commenced violin studies with Armand Parent, and composition with Vincent d'Indy, alongside fellow students Erik Satie and Joaquín Turina. He later took violin lessons in Brussels with César Thomson and Émile Chaumont. In 1909, his Violin Sonata No. 1 was played at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique in Paris, by Gabriel Vuillaume and Ricardo Viñes. As a result of his Parisian studies, there is a marked French influence in the works he wrote prior to 1930. In Paris, he met the pianist Lucía Gutiérrez. They married in 1910, and she was often soloist in his works. She died in 1925.
In 1910 he returned to Colombia and became Director of the newly reorganized National Conservatory of Music in Bogotá. In 1932 the French government appointed him a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur. He resigned from the Conservatory in 1935 in order to dedicate himself to composition. In 1939 he was decorated with the "Medalla Cívica del General Santander". In 1941 he produced an autobiography. He was reappointed director in 1942, a position he held until 1947. His final composition was "Doce canciones", Op. 120, written in 1962. He died in Bogotá in 1971.
Since 2005 there has been a revival of his music by Colombian guitarist Nilko Andreas Guarin who has been editing and promoting Uribe's works worldwide. Nilko Andreas performed the premier in New York of "Pequena Suite", Op. 80, No. 1, written for Andrés Segovia but never played for him. He is working on a recording of never-performed music by Uribe Holguín in New York City and around the world including; Violin Sonata, Piano Trio, one string quartet, songs, and guitar music.

</doc>
<doc id="21541170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541170" title="Jim Harvey (American football)">
Jim Harvey (American football)

James Britton Harvey, Jr. (born August 20, 1943 in Jackson, Mississippi) is a former professional American football player who played guard for six seasons for the Oakland Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="21541182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541182" title="Dow Block">
Dow Block

The Dow Block is a historic commercial building on the Central Square in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The four story Second Empire building, built in 1864 by Moses Dow, occupies a prominent position in Stoneham's Central Square and is one of its defining features. It has a patterned slate roof, and brick walls with quoined corners, and decorative panels separating the second and third floor windows.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and was included in the Central Square Historic District in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21541191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541191" title="Brazilian Paralympic Committee">
Brazilian Paralympic Committee

The Brazilian Paralympic Committee or BPC ( – CPB) is the private, non-profit organization representing Brazilian Paralympic athletes in the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and the Parapan American Games. It is the governing body of Brazilian Paralympic sport.

</doc>
<doc id="21541192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541192" title="Daryl Sanders">
Daryl Sanders

Daryl Theodore Sanders (born April 24, 1941 in Canton, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played offensive tackle for four seasons for the Detroit Lions.
References.
Daryl was raised in the inner city of Cleveland, Oh until high school. He was recruited to play football at Ohio State. He graduated with a degree in Marketing and became the #1 draft choice of the Detroit Lions. He worked for a fortune 500 Company in the off season and they recruited him to leave football and take over the national accounts of Chevrolet and Cadillac.
Daryl left the corporate environment to go into the car business. He came back to the church of his youth in 1974. He became an avid student of the Word of God. He also became a Cadillac dealer in Columbus, Oh in 1976 and at the same time he became involved in speaking in churches and business venues. He had a weekly Bible study at the dealership. He sold the dealership in the early 80’s and by the mid 80’s he became the founding Pastor of a local church.
Over the next 13 years Daryl travelled extensively to third world countries preaching the gospel. He went to the Ukraine 13 times helping to restore worship in the Pentecostal church throughout the Nation. He also travelled to Africa, China, Japan, and Mexico among other places. During this time he also founded the Church’s One Foundation which was a group of suburban and inner city churches working together to help the poor and disadvantaged in Central Ohio.
His love for the Word continued and he was the head of the extension campus for Vision Christian Bible College. After leaving the full-time ministry Daryl has worked under Pastor Rod Parsley as the Director of the World Harvest Ministerial Fellowship. He took his passion for teaching to writing Christian Books and currently has 5 books completed. His burden continues to write and is available to speak.
<booksbydaryl.com>

</doc>
<doc id="21541195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541195" title="Filkins">
Filkins

Filkins is a village in the civil parish of Filkins and Broughton Poggs, about southwest of Carterton in Oxfordshire.
Church and chapel.
Church of England.
The Gothic Revival architect G.E. Street designed the Church of England parish church of Saint Peter, and it was built in 1855–57. The parish is now part of the Benefice of Shill Valley and Broadshire, which includes also the parishes of Alvescot, Black Bourton, Broadwell, Broughton Poggs, Holwell, Kelmscott, Kencot, Langford, Little Faringdon, Shilton and Westwell.
Methodist.
The Methodist chapel was dedicated in 1833.
Local government.
Filkins was historically a hamlet in the ancient parish (and civil parish from 1866) of Broadwell. It became a separate civil parish in 1896, within Witney Rural District. In 1954 the civil parish was merged with the parish of Broughton Poggs to form the civil parish of Filkins and Broughton Poggs, part of West Oxfordshire since 1974.
Social and economic history.
Swinford Museum occupies a 17th-century cottage in Filkins and stands alongside the former village lock-up. George Swinford founded the museum in 1931 with the help of Sir Stafford Cripps.
In 2007 the Filkins estate, which Sir John Cripps (son of the post-war Labour minister Sir Stafford Cripps) bequeathed upon his death in 1993, but which had been partly passed over to the Ernest Cook Trust since then, was fully transferred to the Trust's portfolio. The Filkins Estate is on the county boundary between Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire and includes one farm and a number of cottages, with a small area of commercial units housing the Cotswold Woollen Weavers and Filkins Stone Company.
Amenities.
Filkins has a public house, the Five Alls. The village has an outdoor swimming pool owned by the Centre Trust which was established by Sir Stafford Cripps under the control of the parish council (acting as trustees). The pool, now managed by the Filkins Swimming Club, is open from May until September. Next to it are the village shop, post office and bowls club. A large 18th century barn is now the premises of Cotswold Woollen Weavers, which set up business there in 1982, and is the last company in the area to uphold the traditions of woollen cloth design and manufacture. Filkins has a theatre club. The former village school is now a pre-school nursery.

</doc>
<doc id="21541196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541196" title="E. A. Durgin House">
E. A. Durgin House

The E. A. Durgin House is a historic house at 113 Summer Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame Second Empire style house was built c. 1870 for E. A. Durgin, a local shoe dealer, and is one of Stoneham's most elaborately styled 19th century houses. Its main feature is a square tower with a steeply pitched gable roof that stands over the entrance. The gable of the tower is clad in scallped wood shingles, and includes a small window that is topped by its own gable. The house has a typical mansard roof, although the original slate has been replaced with asphalt shingling, with a cornice that is decorated with dentil molding and studded by paired brackets.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541199" title="John C. Andreason">
John C. Andreason

John C. Andreason (born on April 20, 1929) is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate, representing the 15th District. District 15 includes Ada County which represents the Greater Boise Area. He has been a member of the Idaho State Senate since 1995 and is currently serving his 10th term. Andreason has held various positions within the Republican Party.
Early life and career.
John Andreason was born in Idaho Falls, ID and currently lives in Boise, ID. Andreason graduated from Aro High School in 1947. He is married to Darlene Andreason and they have 4 children together. Andreason is a Latter-day Saint. Andreason attended Idaho State University and received his B.S. in Political Science from the University of Idaho in 1974. He was a Master Sergeant for the United States Air Force from 1950 to 1958. Before becoming a Senator, Andreason was the Director of the Idaho Legislative Budget Office for 23 years. Andreason serves on many civic organizations and has held many political offices. Andreason served a term from 1969 to 1970 in the Idaho State Senate before he was elected again in 1995. His currently serving his 10th term, that will end in 2012. 
Committees.
Andreason is currently serving on the following committees:
Civic organizations.
Past and Present organizations, charity involvement:
Political organizations.
Dates and Titles of previously held political offices:

</doc>
<doc id="21541201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541201" title="1925 Rock Island Independents season">
1925 Rock Island Independents season

The 1925 Rock Island Independents season was their sixth and final season in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous league record of 5–2–2, losing three NFL games. They finished eighth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21541213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541213" title="Iridium satellite constellation">
Iridium satellite constellation

The Iridium satellite constellation is a large group of satellites providing voice and data coverage to satellite phones, pagers and integrated transceivers over Earth's entire surface. Iridium Communications Inc. owns and operates the constellation and sells equipment and access to its services. It was originally conceived by Bary Bertiger, Dr. Ray Leopold and Ken Peterson in late 1987 (and protected by patents by Motorola in their names in 1988) and then developed by Motorola on a fixed-price contract from July 29, 1993 to November 1, 1998 when the system became operational and commercially available.
The constellation consists of 66 active satellites in orbit, and additional spare satellites to serve in case of failure. Satellites are in low Earth orbit at a height of approximately and inclination of 86.4°. Orbital velocity of the satellites is approximately . Satellites communicate with neighboring satellites via inter-satellite links. Each satellite can have four inter-satellite links: two to neighbors fore and aft in the same orbital plane, and two to satellites in neighboring planes to either side. The satellites orbit from pole to pole with an orbit of roughly 100 minutes. This design means that there is excellent satellite visibility and service coverage at the North and South poles, where there are few customers. The over-the-pole orbital design produces "seams" where satellites in counter-rotating planes next to one another are traveling in opposite directions. Cross-seam inter-satellite link hand-offs would have to happen very rapidly and cope with large Doppler shifts; therefore, Iridium supports inter-satellite links only between satellites orbiting in the same direction. The constellation of 66 active satellites has 6 orbital planes spaced 30 degrees apart, with 11 satellites in each plane (not counting spares). The original concept was to have 77 satellites, which is where the name Iridium came from, being the element with the atomic number 77 and the satellites evoking the Bohr model image of electrons orbiting around the Earth as its nucleus. (The element with the atomic number 66 is dysprosium.) This reduced set of 6 planes is sufficient to cover the entire Earth's surface at every moment.
Because of the unique shape of the Iridium satellites' reflective antennas, the satellites focus sunlight on a small area of the Earth's surface. This results in an effect called Iridium flares, where the satellite momentarily appears as one of the brightest objects in the night sky.
Operations.
Gino Picasso is the CEO of Iridium LLC.
Satellites.
The satellites each contain seven Motorola/Freescale PowerPC 603E processors running at roughly 200 MHz, connected by a custom backplane network. One processor is dedicated to each cross-link antenna ("HVARC"), and two processors ("SVARC"s) are dedicated to satellite control, one being a spare. Late in the project an extra processor ("SAC") was added to perform resource management and phone call processing.
The cellular look down antenna has 48 spot beams arranged as 16 beams in three sectors. The four inter-satellite cross links on each satellite operate at 10 Mbit/s. The inventors of the system had previously worked on a government study in the late 1980s that showed that microwave cross links were simpler and had fewer risks than optical cross links. Although optical links could have supported a much greater bandwidth and a more aggressive growth path, microwave cross links were favored because the bandwidth was more than sufficient for the desired system. Nevertheless, a parallel optical cross link option was carried through a critical design review, and ended when the microwave cross links were shown to support the size, weight and power requirements allocated within the individual satellite's budget. In recent press releases, Iridium Satellite LLC has stated that their second generation satellites would also use microwave, not optical, inter-satellite communications links. Such cross-links are unique in the satellite telephone industry, as other providers do not relay data between satellites.
The original design envisioned a completely static 1960s "dumb satellite" with a set of control messages and time-triggers for an entire orbit that would be uploaded as the satellite passed over the poles. It was found that this design did not have enough bandwidth in the space-based backhaul to upload each satellite quickly and reliably over the poles. Therefore, the design was scrapped in favor of a design that performed dynamic control of routing and channel selection late in the project, resulting in a one-year delay in system delivery.
Each satellite can support up to 1100 concurrent phone calls and weighs about . The Iridium System presently operates within a 1618.85 to 1626.5 MHz band adjacent to the 1610.6–1613.8 MHz Radio Astronomy Service (RAS) band.
Owing to the highly reflective antennas, Iridium satellites cause a phenomenon known as Iridium flares, watched by enthusiasts and sometimes visible in daylight.
In-orbit spares.
Spare satellites are usually held in a storage orbit. These will be boosted to the correct altitude and put into service in case of a satellite failure. After the Iridium company emerged from bankruptcy the new owners decided to launch seven new spares, which would have ensured two spare satellites were available in each plane. not every plane has a spare satellite; however, the satellites can be moved to a different plane if required. A move can take several weeks and consumes fuel which will shorten the satellite's expected service life.
Significant orbital plane changes are normally very fuel-intensive, but orbital perturbations aid the process. The Earth's equatorial bulge causes the orbital right ascension of the ascending node (RAAN) to precess at a rate that depends mainly on the period and inclination. Iridium satellites have an inclination of 86.4°, so like every satellite in a prograde (inclination < 90°) orbit, their equator crossings steadily precess westward.
A spare Iridium satellite in the lower storage orbit has a shorter period so its RAAN moves westward more quickly than the satellites in the standard orbit. Iridium simply waits until the desired RAAN (i.e., the desired orbital plane) is reached and then raises the spare satellite to the standard altitude, fixing its orbital plane with respect to the constellation. Although this saves substantial amounts of fuel, this can be a time-consuming process.
Next-generation constellation.
Iridium is currently developing, and is expected to launch beginning in 2015, Iridium NEXT, a second-generation worldwide network of telecommunications satellites, consisting of 66 satellites, with six in-orbit and nine on-ground spares. These satellites will incorporate features such as data transmission which were not emphasized in the original design. The original plan was to begin launching new satellites in 2014. Satellites will incorporate additional payload for Aireon, Inc. and perhaps cameras and sensors in collaboration with some customers and partners. Iridium can also be used to provide a data link to other satellites in space, enabling command and control of other space assets regardless of the position of ground stations and gateways. The constellation will provide L-band data speeds of up to 1.5 Mbit/s and high-speed Ka-Band service of up to 8 Mbit/s.
The existing constellation of satellites is expected to remain operational until Iridium NEXT is fully operational, with many satellites expected to remain in service until the 2020s. Iridium is planning for the next-generation of satellites to have improved bandwidth. This system will be backward compatible with the current system. In August 2008, Iridium selected two companies—Lockheed Martin and Thales Alenia Space—to participate in the final phase of the procurement of the next generation satellite constellation. On June 2, 2010 the winner of the contract was announced as Thales Alenia Space, in a $2.9 billion deal underwritten by Compagnie Française d'Assurance pour le Commerce Extérieur.
In June 2010, Iridium signed the largest commercial rocket launch deal ever, a US$492 million contract with SpaceX to launch tens of Iridium NEXT satellites on multiple Falcon 9 launchers in 2015–2017 from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3. The 66 operational satellites in the constellation, plus six on-orbit spares, 70 satellites will be put in orbit by seven launches of 10 satellites each on the Falcon 9, plus two of the Iridium NEXT satellites on a single launch of the an ISC Kosmotras Dnepr rocket, beginning in 2015 and completing the refresh of the entire constellation by 2017, .
Patents and manufacturing.
The primary patent for the system is "Satellite cellular telephone and data communication system," United States Patent 5,410,728, and Motorola also generated hundreds of additional patents as they developed and built the Iridium system.
The main patents on the Iridium system, U.S. Patents 5,410,728 and 5,604,920, are in the field of satellite communications, and the manufacturer generated several hundred patents protecting the technology in the system. Satellite manufacturing initiatives were also instrumental in the technical success of the system. Motorola made a key hire of the engineer who set up the automated factory for Apple's Macintosh. He created the technology necessary to mass-produce satellites on a gimbal, taking weeks instead of months or years and at a record low construction cost of only US$5 million per satellite. At its peak during the launch campaign in 1997 and 1998, Motorola produced a new satellite every 4.3 days, with the lead-time of a single satellite being 21 days.
Launch campaign.
Motorola used launch vehicles from three companies from three different countries—the Delta II from McDonnell Douglas; the Proton K from Krunichev in Russia; and the Long March IIC from China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation. The original constellation of 66 satellites, plus six spares, was launched in 12 months and 12 days, between May 5, 1997, and May 17, 1998, with a success rate of 15 out of 15 successful launches and all 72 satellites put into the intended orbits. In one 13-day period (late-March to early-April 1998) they successfully put 14 satellites into orbit.
The most recent launches took place in 2002 when a total of seven spare satellites were launched.
Defunct satellites.
Over the years several Iridium satellites have ceased to work and tumbled out of control, some have reentered the atmosphere while other partially functional satellites have remained in orbit. However these satellites are not in active service.
Iridium 28.
Iridium 28 failed in July 2008 and was replaced with the in-orbit spare Iridium 95.
Iridium 33.
At 16:56 UTC on February 10, 2009 "Iridium 33" collided with the defunct Russian satellite Kosmos 2251. This was the first time two intact satellites collided. Iridium 33 was in active service when the accident took place but was one of the oldest satellites in the constellation, having been launched in 1997. The satellites collided at roughly 22,000 miles per hour; roughly 32 times the speed of a bullet in flight.
Iridium moved one of its in-orbit spares, Iridium 91 (formerly known as Iridium 90) to replace the destroyed satellite, completing the move on March 4, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21541214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541214" title="Dan Ficca">
Dan Ficca

Daniel Robert Ficca (born February 7, 1939) is a former professional American football player who played guard for five seasons for the Oakland Raiders and the New York Jets in the American Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21541215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541215" title="Oto Skrbek">
Oto Skrbek

Oto Skrbek from Vysoké nad Jizerou is a former Czechoslovak skier.
In the rank of a Vojín he was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1948 which placed sixth. Before they went to St. Moritz, they trained in Špindlerův Mlýn.

</doc>
<doc id="21541220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541220" title="Amasa Farrier Boardinghouse">
Amasa Farrier Boardinghouse

The Amasa Farrier Boardinghouse is a historic house at 280 Main Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The large wood frame house was built c. 1865 by Amasa Farrier, the town surveyor. The building served as a boarding house for workers in Stoneham's shoe factories, and is the only boarding house of the period to survive in Stoneham.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541232" title="Banff Formation">
Banff Formation

The Banff Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Devonian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the town of Banff, Alberta, and was first described on the north-west slope of Mount Rundle, near Banff by E.M. Kindle in 1924.
Lithology.
The Banff Formation is composed of shale and marlstone in the base, chert and limestone in the middle, sandstone, siltstone and shale at the top.
Distribution.
The Banff Formation extends from the 49th parallel in southern Alberta and the Kootenays region of British Columbia to north-eastern British Columbia, northern Alberta and the District of Mackenzie in the Northwest Territories. In its southern area, the thickness ranges from in the Rocky Mountains to in the sub-surface of the prairies. In the north, it ranges from in the Peace River Country to in northern Alberta.
The age of the formation ranges from late Famennian to Tournaisian.
Relationship to other units.
The Banff Formation is overlies the Palliser Formation in the Canadian Rockies, the Wabamun Formation in central Alberta, the Exshaw Formation in southern Alberta and in the Fort Nelson area. It is overlain by the Pekisko Formation and the Livingstone Formation in north-central and southern Alberta respectively, and it is followed by the Shunda Formation in north-eastern British Columbia. An unconformity is observed between Banff and the Rundle Group in outcrop. 
The Banff Formation is equivalent to the Lodgepole Formation in Montana. It can be correlated with the Besa River Formation in north-eastern British Columbia. In the southeastern Rocky Mountains, part of the formation passes laterally into the Pekisko Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="21541239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541239" title="Steve Zahursky">
Steve Zahursky

Stephen John Zahursky (born September 2, 1976 in Euclid, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Cleveland Browns (1999–2000) and the Jacksonville Jaguars (2001) in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21541255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541255" title="Amasa Farrier House">
Amasa Farrier House

The Amasa Farrier House is a historic house at 55 Central Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. Built c. 1865, this two story wood frame house is a well preserved Italianate villa, with pilastered corner boards and a nearly flat roof with a deep overhanging cornice studded with paired brackets. The house was built for Amasa Farrier, the town's surveyor and landscape designer.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and is a contributing resource to the 1990 Central Square Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="21541264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541264" title="Roger Chanoine">
Roger Chanoine

Roger Chanoine, Jr. (born September 11, 1976 in Newark, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played offensive tackle for four seasons for the Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="21541282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541282" title="Michael Foley Cottage">
Michael Foley Cottage

The Michael Foley Cottage is a historic house at 14 Emerson Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. It is a remarkably well preserved instance of a worker's cottage, built c. 1855. It was occupied until the 1870s by Michael Foley, a shoemaker who may have worked at the nearby Tidd shoe factory.
The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541291" title="Ted Banker">
Ted Banker

Theodore William Banker is a former professional American football player who played guard for six seasons for the Cleveland Browns and New York Jets.
Banker attended Southeast Missouri State University where he was a four-year letterman in football. He won all MIAA honors and was team captain for 1981 and 1982, and was team MVP in 1982. 
Banker played in the NFL as an offensive lineman for six years, four with the New York the Jets (#63) and two with the Cleveland Browns (#68).
Banker is the only player in NFL history to start at all five offensive line positions in the same season (Center, Left- and Right-Offensive Guard, Left- and Right-Offensive Tackle).

</doc>
<doc id="21541304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541304" title="Walter K. Foster House">
Walter K. Foster House

The Walter K. Foster House is a historic house at 57 Central Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. Built c. 1870, it is one of three surviving Italianate side hall entry houses in Stoneham. Notable features include paneled pilasters on the corners and ornate decorative brackets above them. The doorway is also topped by a heavy decorated hood. Walter K. Foster was an inventor and owner of a pencil sharpener factory.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and included in the Central Square Historic District in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21541317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541317" title="William Griffin Fuller House">
William Griffin Fuller House

The William Griffin Fuller House is a historic house at 32 Franklin Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1850 for William Griffin Fuller, a real estate developer and trustee of the Stoneham Five Cent Savings Bank. Its features are transitional, including both Greek Revival and Italianate details.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541335" title="Thaumarchaeota">
Thaumarchaeota

The Thaumarchaeota (from the Greek 'thaumas', meaning wonder) are a phylum of the Archaea proposed in 2008 after the genome of "Cenarchaeum symbiosum" was sequenced and found to differ significantly from other members of the hyperthermophilic phylum Crenarchaeota. Three described species in addition to "C. symbosium" are "Nitrosopumilus maritimus", "Nitrososphaera viennensis", and "Nitrososphaera gargensis". All organisms of this lineage thus far identified are chemolithoautotrophic ammonia-oxidizers and may play important roles in biogeochemical cycles, such as the nitrogen cycle and the carbon cycle.
The phylum was proposed in 2008 based on phylogenetic data, such as the sequences of these organisms' ribosomal RNA genes, and the presence of a form of type I topoisomerase that was previously thought to be unique to the eukaryotes. This assignment was confirmed by further analysis published in 2010 that examined the genomes of the ammonia-oxidizing archaea "Nitrosopumilus maritimus" and "Nitrososphaera gargensis", concluding that these species form a distinct lineage that includes "Cenarchaeum symbiosum".

</doc>
<doc id="21541337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541337" title="PDP-11 architecture">
PDP-11 architecture

The PDP-11 architecture is an instruction set architecture (ISA) developed by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC). It is implemented by central processing units (CPUs) and microprocessors used in minicomputers of the same name. It was in wide use during the 1970s, but was eventually replaced by the more powerful VAX-11 architecture in the 1980s.
Memory.
Data formats.
Sixteen-bit words were stored little-endian (with least significant bytes first). Due to the popularity of the PDP-11, this format is still sometimes referred to as "pdp-endian". Thirty-two-bit data—supported as extensions to the basic architecture, e.g., floating point in the "FPU Instruction Set", double-words in the "Extended Instruction Set" or long data in the "Commercial Instruction Set"—was stored in more than one format, including an unusual middle-endian format.
Memory management.
The PDP-11's 16-bit addresses can address 64 KB. By the time the PDP-11 yielded to the VAX, 8-bit bytes and hexadecimal notation were becoming standard in the industry; however, numeric values on the PDP-11 always used octal notation, and the amount of memory attached to a PDP-11 was always stated as a number of words. The basic logical address space was 32K words, but the high 4K (addresses 160000octal through 177777) was not populated because input/output registers on the bus responded to addresses in that range. So originally, a fully loaded PDP-11 had 28K words.
The processor reserved low memory addresses for two-word vectors that gave a program counter and processor status word with which to begin a service routine. When an I/O device interrupted a program, it would place the address of its vector on the bus to indicate which service routine should take control. The lowest vectors were service routines to handle various types of trap. Traps occurred on some program errors, such as arithmetic overflow or an attempt to execute an undefined instruction; and also when the program executed an instruction such as BPT, EMT, IOT, or TRAP to request service from the operating system.
Memory expansion.
The article PDP-11 describes how the 16-bit logical address space became an insurmountable limitation. During the life of the PDP-11, the following techniques were used to work around the limitation:
CPU registers.
The CPU contained eight general-purpose 16-bit registers (R0 to R7). Register R7 was the program counter (PC). Although any register could be used as a stack pointer, R6 was the stack pointer (SP) used for hardware interrupts and traps.
Addressing modes.
Most instructions allocate six bits to specify an operand. Three bits select one of eight addressing modes, and three bits select one of the eight general registers. The use of three-bit groups made octal notation natural.
In the following sections, each item includes an example of how the operand would be written in assembly language for a hypothetical single-operand instruction with symbol OPR. Rn means one of the registers, written R0 through R7. (Rn) signifies the contents of that register.
General register addressing modes.
The following eight modes can be applied to any general register. Their effects when applied to R6 (the stack pointer, SP) and R7 (the program counter, PC) are set out separately in the following sections.
In index and index deferred modes, X is a 16-bit value taken from a second word of the instruction. In double-operand instructions, both operands can use these modes. Such instructions are three words long.
Autoincrementation and autodecrementation of a register is by 1 in byte instructions, by 2 in word instructions, and by 2 whenever a deferred mode is used, since the quantity the register addresses is a (word) pointer.
Program counter addressing modes.
When R7 (the program counter) is specified, four of the addressing modes naturally yield useful effects:
The only common use of absolute mode—whose syntax combines immediate and deferred mode—was to specify input/output registers, as the registers for each device had specific memory addresses. Relative mode has a simpler syntax and was more typical for referring to program variables and jump destinations. A program that used relative mode (and relative deferred mode) exclusively for internal references was position-independent; it contained no assumptions about its own location, so it could be loaded into an arbitrary memory location, or even moved, with no need for its addresses to be adjusted to reflect its location (relocated). In computing such addresses relative to the current location, the processor performed relocation on the fly.
Immediate and absolute modes are merely autoincrement and autoincrement deferred mode, respectively, applied to PC. Whether the auxiliary word is "in the instruction" as the above table says, or is found following an instruction that also increments PC past it, is subjective. As PC always points to words, the autoincrementation is always by 2.
Stack addressing modes.
R6, also written SP, is used as a hardware stack for traps and interrupts. A convention enforced by the set of modes the PDP-11 provided is that a stack grew downward—toward lower addresses—as items were pushed onto it. When a mode is applied to SP, or to any register the programmer elects to use as a software stack, the addressing modes have the following effects:
Although software stacks could contain bytes, SP is always a stack of words. Autoincrementation and autodecrementation of SP is always by 2.
Instruction set.
The PDP-11 operates on bytes and words. Bytes are specified by a register number—identifying the register's low-order byte—or by a memory location. Words are specified by a register number or by the memory location of the low-order byte, which must be an even number. In most instructions that take operands, bit 15 is set to specify byte addressing, or clear to specify word addressing. In the lists in the following two sections, the assembly-language programmer appended B to the instruction symbol to specify a byte operation; for example, MOV became MOVB.
Double-operand instructions.
The high-order four bits specify the operation to be performed (with bit 15 generally selecting word versus byte addressing). Two groups of six bits specify mode and register, as defined above, for each of two operands.
The ADD and SUB instructions use word addressing, and have no byte-oriented variations.
Some additional two-operand instructions require a register source operand:
Where a register pair is used (written below as "(R,R+1)", the first register contains the low-order bits and must be even. The second register contains the high-order bits (or the remainder). An exception is the multiply instruction; R may be odd, but if it is, the high 16 bits of the result are not stored.
Single-operand instructions.
The high-order nine bits specify the operation to be performed (with bit 15 generally selecting word versus byte addressing). (There are not as many operations as it seems, as most combinations of the high-order four bits are taken by the double-operand instructions.) A single group of six bits specifies mode and register, as defined above, for the single operand.
The SWAB instruction—which swaps the high-order and low-order byte of the specified word—does not have two variations for byte- and word-addressing.
Conditional branch instructions.
Most Branch instructions take conditional effect based on the state of the condition codes in the PSW. A Branch instruction was typically preceded by a two-operand CMP (compare) or BIT (bit test) or a one-operand TST (test) instruction. Arithmetic and logic instructions also set the condition codes. In contrast to Intel processors in the X86 architecture, MOV instructions set them too, so a Branch instruction could be used to branch depending on whether the value moved was zero or negative.
The high-order byte specifies the operation. The low-order byte is an offset relative to the current location of the program counter. The offset is a number of words (so it is multiplied by 2 before being combined with the program counter) and it is a signed number, enabling branches forward and backward in the code.
An additional conditional branch instruction is SOB (subtract one and branch), which is listed above under 2-operand instructions. The register operand is decremented. If the result is non-zero, the low six bits are taken as an unsigned number of instructions to branch backward.
The limited range of the branch instructions meant that, as code grew, the target addresses of some branches would become unreachable. The programmer would change the one-word BR to the two-word JMP instruction from the next group. As JMP has no conditional forms, the programmer would change BEQ to a BNE that branched around a JMP.
Jump and subroutine instructions.
The JSR instruction could save any register on the stack. Programs that did not need this feature specified PC as the register (JSR PC,address) and the routine returned using RTS PC. If a routine were called with, for instance, "JSR R4, address", then the old value of R4 would be on the top of the stack and the return address (just after JSR) would be in R4. This let the routine gain access to values coded in-line by specifying (R4)+, or to in-line pointers by specifying @(R4)+. The autoincrementation moved past these data, to the point at which the caller's code resumed. Such a routine would have to specify RTS R4 to return to its caller.
Condition-code operations.
The four condition codes in the processor status word (PSW) are
SCC and CCC respectively set and clear all four condition codes.
Optional instruction sets.
The EIS was an option for 11/35/40 and 11/03, and was standard on newer processors.
The FIS instruction set was an option for the PDP-11/35/40 and 11/03
This was the optional floating point processor option for 11/45 and most subsequent models.
The CIS was implemented by optional microcode in the 11/23/24, and by an add-in module in the 11/44 and in one version of the 11/74. It provided string and decimal instructions used by COBOL and Dibol.
The PSW was mapped to memory address 177 776, but instructions found on all but the earliest PDP-11s gave programs more direct access to the register.
On PDP-11s that provided multiple instruction spaces and data spaces, a set of non-orthogonal Move instructions gave access to other spaces. For example, routines in the operating system that handled run-time service calls would use these instructions to exchange information with the caller.
Inconsistent instructions.
Over the life of the PDP-11, subtle differences arose in the implementation of instructions and combinations of addressing modes, though no implementation was regarded as correct. The inconsistencies did not affect ordinary use of the PDP-11.
For example, the instruction MOV R5,-(R5) moves the value in a register to the address it points to, after decrementing it by two. A microprogrammed PDP-11 might completely evaluate the source operand before starting to evaluate the destination operand, so the value moved would not reflect the decrementation. A PDP-11 implemented by circuitry might perform the decrementation first, because doing so in general might save a memory cycle.
Speed.
PDP-11 processor speed varied by model, memory configuration, op code, and addressing modes. Instruction timing had up to three components, execute/fetch of the instruction itself and access time for the source and the destination. The last two components depended on the addressing mode. For example, on the PDP-11/70 (circa 1975), an instruction of the form ADD "x"(R"m"),"y"(R"n") had a fetch/execute time of 1.35 microseconds plus source and destination times of 0.6 microseconds each, for a total instruction time of 2.55 microseconds. Any case where addressed memory was not in the cache added 1.02 microseconds. The register-to-register ADD R"m",R"n" could execute from the cache in 0.3 microseconds. Floating point was even more complex, since there was some overlap between the CPU and the floating-point processor, but in general, floating point was significantly slower. A single-precision floating add instruction could range from 2.4 to 5.5 microseconds plus time to fetch the operands.
Interrupts.
The PDP-11 operated at a priority level from 0 through 7, declared by three bits in the Processor Status Word (PSW).
To request an interrupt, a bus device would assert one of four common bus lines, BR4 through BR7, until the processor responded. Higher numbers indicated greater urgency, perhaps that data might be lost or a desired sector might rotate out of contact with the read/write heads unless the processor responded quickly. The printer's readiness for another character was the lowest priority (BR4), as it would remain ready indefinitely. If the processor were operating at level 5, then BR6 and BR7 would be in order. If the processor were operating at 3 or lower, it would grant any interrupt; if at 7, it would grant none. Bus requests that were not granted were not lost but merely deferred. The device needing service would continue to assert its bus request.
Whenever an interrupt exceeded the processor's priority level, the processor asserted the corresponding bus grant, BG4 through BG7. The bus-grant lines were not common lines but were a daisy chain: The input of each gate was the output of the previous gate in the chain. A gate was on each bus device, and a device physically closer to the processor was earlier in the daisy chain. If the device had made a request, then on sensing its bus-grant input, it could conclude it was in control of the bus, and did not pass the grant signal to the next device on the bus. If the device had not made a request, it propagated its bus-grant input to its bus-grant output, giving the next closest device the chance to reply. (If devices did not occupy adjacent slots to the processor board, "grant continuity cards" inserted into the empty slots propagated the bus-grant line.)
Once in control of the bus, the device dropped its bus request and placed on the bus the memory address of its two-word vector. The processor saved the program counter (PC) and PSW, and loaded new values from the specified vector. For a device at BR6, the new PSW in its vector would typically specify 6 as the new processor priority, so the processor would honor more urgent requests (BR7) during the service routine, but defer requests of the same or lower priority. With the new PC, the processor jumped to the service routine for the interrupting device. That routine operated the device, at least removing the condition that caused the interrupt. The routine ended with the RTI (ReTurn from Interrupt) instruction, which restored PC and PSW as of just before the processor granted the interrupt.
If a bus request were made in error and no device responded to the bus grant, the processor timed out and performed a trap that would suggest bad hardware.
MACRO-11 assembly language.
MACRO-11 is the assembly language for the PDP-11. It is the successor to PAL-11 (Program Assembler Loader), an earlier version of the PDP-11 assembly language without macro facilities. MACRO-11 was supported on all DEC PDP-11 operating systems. PDP-11 Unix systems also include an assembler (called "as"), structurally similar to MACRO-11 but with different syntax and fewer features.
PDP-11 lore.
A (false) folk myth is that the instruction set architecture of the PDP-11 influenced the idiomatic use of the B programming language. The PDP-11's increment and decrement addressing modes correspond to the codice_1 and codice_2 constructs in C. If codice_3 and codice_4 were both register variables, an expression such as codice_5 could be compiled to a single machine instruction. Dennis Ritchie unambiguously contradicts this folk myth, noting that the PDP-11 did not yet exist at the time of B's creation. He notes however that these addressing modes may have been suggested by the auto-increment cells of the PDP-7, though the implementation of B did not utilize this hardware feature. The C programming language did however take advantage of several low level PDP-11 dependent programming features, resulting in the propagation of these features into new processors.

</doc>
<doc id="21541348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541348" title="Charles Gill House">
Charles Gill House

The Charles Gill House is a historic house at 76 Pleasant Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. It is one of three well preserved Second Empire worker's cottages in Stoneham. It was built c. 1860 for Charles Gill, a shoemaker. The house as two stories, the upper one under a mansard roof, with single-window dormers topped by segmented-arches piercing the steeper roof line. The house follows a basic side hall plan, except there is a projecting ell to the right, with a porch in the crook of the ell.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541362" title="Ceanothus incanus">
Ceanothus incanus

Ceanothus incanus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name coast whitethorn. It is endemic to California, where it is known from the San Francisco Bay Area through the North Coast Ranges into the Klamath Mountains. 
Description.
This thorny shrub grows erect to approach a maximum height of 4 meters. The woody parts are gray in color and waxy and somewhat hairy in texture. The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged. They are generally oval in shape and usually smooth along the edges, but sometimes minutely toothed. The inflorescence is a panicle-like cluster of white flowers up to about 7 centimeters long. The fruit is a rough, lobed capsule about half a centimeter long containing three seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="21541367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541367" title="Holy Man (album)">
Holy Man (album)

Holy Man is the 6th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in 2000. 'Freedoms Wings' was an outtake of "Hurry Up and Wait" and a reworked version was released on this album (the original version featured vocals of Doogie White)

</doc>
<doc id="21541368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541368" title="Onslow Gilmore House">
Onslow Gilmore House

The Onslow Gilmore House is a historic house at 477 Main Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. It is one of the few surviving Italianate houses of many that once lined Main Street. The 2.5 story wood frame house has an L shape, with a single story porch in the crook of the L. Although the house has been resided, it has retained some of its Italianate detailing on the porch and front bay window.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541379" title="Elsie Maguire">
Elsie Maguire

Elsie Eveline Maguire (born 3 August 1908) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games she was a member of the English relay team which won the gold medal in the 110-220-110 yards event. In the 100 yards competition she finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="21541381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541381" title="Psychosomatic Medicine (journal)">
Psychosomatic Medicine (journal)

Psychosomatic Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published nine times per year by the American Psychosomatic Society. It covers "experimental and clinical studies dealing with various aspects of the relationships among social, psychological, and behavioral factors and bodily processes in humans and animals." It was established in 1939.The journal is widely cited – the 2010 Impact Factor was 3.974 (11th among 71 psychology journals and 25th among 126 psychiatry journals). The 5-year Impact Factor is 4.690 (8th among psychology journals and 21st among psychiatry journals).

</doc>
<doc id="21541382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541382" title="Lorenzo D. Hawkins House">
Lorenzo D. Hawkins House

The Lorenzo D. Hawkins House is a historic house at 1 Cedar Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The property consists of a house and carriage house, both built c. 1870, that are among Stoneham's finest Second Empire buildings. The house is a two story wood frame structure with irregular massing. It has the classic mansard roof, an ornately decorated entry porch, heavily brackted cornice, and round-arch windows in its dormers and front bay. The carriage house features a polychrome mansard roof.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and was included in the Nobility Hill Historic District in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21541384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541384" title="Tomilea Allison">
Tomilea Allison

Tomilea “Tomi” Allison (née Radosevich) (born March 28, 1934) was the mayor of Bloomington, Indiana from 1983 to 1995 and served on the city council from 1977 to 1982. A native of 
Madera, California, she majored in sociology at Occidental College, where she received a bachelor's degree in 1955. From 1957 through 1959 she worked as a deputy probation officer for Fresno and San Bernardino counties. Her two daughters, Devon and Leigh, were born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where her husband, James, was a graduate student in the University of Michigan Department of Psychology. The family moved to Bloomington in 1963, when he joined the psychology faculty at Indiana University. 
She was the first woman to be elected, and second woman to serve as, mayor of Bloomington.
She started the Downtown Canopy of Lights.
and instigated the founding of the Community Foundation of Bloomington and Monroe County. Her leadership produced a new master plan for the city. She was a prime mover in the conversion of the 19th century Showers furniture factory into a modern facility to house the new city hall. Under her leadership Bloomington received its Tree City designation. Her support of the Parks and Recreation Department set the groundwork for the Thomson Community Park, the Twin Lakes Sports Complex, the Third Street Park, and the Kid City program of affordable summer day care for children. 
She is a 2007 inductee into the Monroe County Hall of Fame. She was named "Sagamore of the Wabash" by two Indiana governors, Evan Bayh and Frank O'Bannon. Honors include: The Russell G. Lloyd Distinguished Service Award (Indiana Association of Cities and Towns); Special Recognition, U.S. Conference of Mayors (1993); Lifetime Achievement Award, Greater Bloomington Chamber of Commerce (1995); President, Indiana Association of Cities and Towns (1993–1994); Mayor of the Year, Murat Temple (1995); Citizen of the Year, National Association of Social Workers (1991); Kentucky Colonel (Governor Martha Layne Collins); and Lifetime Achievement Award, Women's History Month (2010). She founded the Commission for Bloomington Downtown. She co-founded, Community Development Conference, Bloomington; Citizens for Good Government, Monroe County; Bloomington Branch, Women's International League for Peace and Freedom; and Verify the Vote, Monroe County.

</doc>
<doc id="21541390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541390" title="Oslo SK">
Oslo SK

Oslo Skøiteklub (OSK) is a sports club in Oslo. Its home arena is Frogner Stadion. The club has departments for speed skating and figure skating.
Establishment.
Christiania Skøiteklub - later Kristiania Skøiteklub (KSK) - was founded 18 February 1864. The formation of the club was a spin-off from a skating competition on fjord ice in the Oslo Fjord 1 March 1863. The skating sport was quite popular at the time, and the club had about 1000 members after two years, and more than 5000 members in 1870, when Christiania had less than 70000 inhabitants. In 1924 the club changed its name to Oslo Skøiteklub.
Arena.
The first skating activities were done on sea ice, outside Vippetangen or in Frognerkilen. Also Tullinløkken and the Majorstuen stadium were used for skating competitions and performances. In 1901 the club's new stadium opened at Frogner, and this soon became the most important skating arena in Oslo and Norway. Because of the 1914 Jubilee Exhibition in Kristiania, another stadium was built north of the first one. At this stadium a long series of international championships were organized, in both speed skating and figure skating.
Prominent skaters.
The first stars of the club were Axel Paulsen, inventor of the Axel jump in 1882, who competed in both figure skating and speed skating, and speed skater Rudolf Gundersen. From 1907 and onwards Oscar Mathisen was KSK's big star. In the 1920s Bernt Evensen won several championship titles and Olympic medals for OSK. The club also fostered the figure skater Sonja Henie, who won three successive Olympic Championships, and ten World Championships.
During the 1930s Oslo Skøiteklubb played an important role in organizing speed skating for women. Several women who dominated the sport in the 1930s were members of OSK: Synnøve Lie, Undis Blikken and Laila Schou Nilsen.
After the Second World War skaters as Roald Aas and Svein-Erik Stiansen won titles for the club.
Oscar Mathiesen Award.
In 1959 Oslo Skøiteklub introduced the Oscar Mathisen Award to commemorate the speed skater Oscar Mathisen (1888–1954). The winner is awarded a miniature of sculptor Arne Durban's statue of Oscar Mathisen. The statue is placed outside Frogner Stadion in Oslo.
National presidents.
These presidents of the Norwegian Skating Association represented Kristiania SK or Oslo SK:

</doc>
<doc id="21541391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541391" title="Enoch DeMar">
Enoch DeMar

Enoch DeMar (born September 7, 1980 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a former professional American football offensive lineman who played two seasons for the Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="21541404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541404" title="Charles Jenkinson">
Charles Jenkinson

Charles Jenkinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21541412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541412" title="Benjamin Hibbard Residence">
Benjamin Hibbard Residence

The Benjamin Hibbard Residence is a historic house at 5-7 Gerry Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts, United States. It is one of a few well preserved 19th century double houses in Stoneham. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1850, and features double brackets along its cornice, pilastered corners, and a decorated porch covering the twin entrances in the center of the main facade.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21541417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541417" title="List of Samurai Sentai Shinkenger episodes">
List of Samurai Sentai Shinkenger episodes

This is a list of Samurai Sentai Shinkenger episodes. Each episode is called an . Each episode is also titled entirely in kanji, with furigana readings given for each.
On August 6, 2010, TV Asahi aired special editions of episodes 1 and 2 of "Shinkenger" with some previously unseen footage cut from the original airing of the two episodes, referring to these two episodes as .
Episodes.
__NOTOC__
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21541429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541429" title="Shawn Bouwens">
Shawn Bouwens

Shawn M. Bouwens (born May 25, 1968) is a former American football guard in the National Football League. He played professionally for the Detroit Lions and Jacksonville Jaguars.
Biography.
Bowens was born in Lincoln, Nebraska and graduated from Lincoln Northeast High School. Bowens attended Nebraska Wesleyan University and was drafted by the New England Patriots in the 9th round (226th overall) of the 1990 NFL Draft.
Browns played in the National Football League for five seasons, paying for the Detroit Lions from 1991 to 1994 and the Jacksonville Jaguars in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21541433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541433" title="Ethel Johnson">
Ethel Johnson

Ethel Johnson (8 October 1908 – 30 March 1964) was an English athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics. She was born in Westhoughton, Lancashire and was a member of Bolton United Harriers. 
In 1932, she was one of a team of five women entered by the Women's Amateur Athletic Association at the 1932 Los Angeles Summer Olympics as Britain's first female Olympians in athletics events, together with Gwendoline Porter, Eileen Hiscock, Nellie Halstead, and seventeen-year-old Violet Webb. They sailed for five days from Southampton to Quebec and then travelled a further 3000 miles by train before arriving in Los Angeles. Ethel was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic 100 metre contest. and had to be replaced due to injury by Violet Webb in the women's 4x100 metres relay.
At the 1934 Empire Games she was a member of the English relay team which won the silver medal in the 220-110-220-110 yards event. In the 100 yards competition she finished fifth and in the 220 yards contest she finished sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="21541439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541439" title="Stoneham Public Library">
Stoneham Public Library

The Stoneham Public Library is the public library of Stoneham, Massachusetts. It is located at Main and Maple Streets.
History.
The library was founded in 1859 by a committee of leading citizens, initially renting space near the intersection of Main Street and Montvale Avenue. In two years the library had accumulated nearly 1,500 volumes, most donated by older private library groups. As the library expanded its holdings over the following decades, it relocated several times to ever-larger spaces. By 1878 the collection had grown to over 5,000 volumes.
In 1903 the town was awarded a grant of $15,000 by philanthropist Andrew Carnegie for the construction of a permanent library building. This resulted in the 1904 construction of the modest Classical Revival building that forms the heart of the library complex at Maple and Main Streets. As originally built, this was a single story building made of Roman brick, and capped by a hip roof. Its main entrance was slightly recessed in a square archway flanked by pilasters and topped by an entablature. In 1931 this building was extended from three to five bays, and a cupola was added. The building was again enlarged in 1983, using the same building materials and retaining single story layout, but with modern styling. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and was included as a contributing property to the Central Square Historic District in 1990.
The library's services, in addition to its circulating book collection, include access to online databases. The library is a member of the North of Boston Library Exchange (NOBLE), through which cardholders can access resources of other libraries in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="21541441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541441" title="Leges Henrici Primi">
Leges Henrici Primi

The Leges Henrici Primi or Laws of Henry I is a legal treatise, written in about 1115, that records the legal customs of medieval England in the reign of King Henry I of England. Although it is not an official document, it was written by someone apparently associated with the royal administration. It lists and explains the laws, and includes explanations of how to conduct legal proceedings. Although its title implies that these laws were issued by King Henry, it lists laws issued by earlier monarchs that were still in force in Henry's reign; the only law of Henry that is included is the coronation charter he issued at the start of his reign. It covers a diverse range of subjects, including ecclesiastical cases, treason, murder, theft, feuds, assessment of danegeld, and the amounts of judicial fines.
The work survives in six manuscripts that range in date from about 1200 to around 1330, belonging to two different manuscript traditions. Besides the six surviving manuscripts, three others were known to scholars in the 17th and 18th centuries, but have not survived to the present day. Two other separate copies may also have existed. The complete work itself was first printed in 1644, but an earlier partial edition appeared in 1628. The "Leges" is the first legal treatise in English history, and has been credited with having the greatest effect on the views of English law before the reign of King Henry II than any other work of its kind.
Background and similar works.
The "Leges Henrici Primi" or "Laws of Henry I" is not merely a compilation of laws but an integrated legal treatise, the first such in the history of England, written in the Latin language about 1115. It records the legal customs of medieval England. It was part of a small group of similar writings devoted to legal procedures that were written for royal administrators. Besides the "Leges", other works of this type produced at this time were the "Quadripartitus", parts of the "Leges Edwardi Regis", the "Instituta Cnuti", and the "Consiliatio Cnuti". It is possible the "Leges Willhelmi" was also written during this time period. It is the longest of the legal tracts from its time, and made some effort to be comprehensive.
Sources.
The provisions set forth in the "Leges" can be traced to laws of Cnut and various Anglo-Saxon codes. Some of the Anglo-Saxon codes used may have been subsequently lost. Also, certain legal terms used in the "Leges", whether in their original English language or rendered into Latin, cannot be found in any extant legal code, and may be another example of preserving now-lost legal codes or provisions. It also draws upon non-English sources, including Isidore of Seville and Ivo of Chartres, as well as legal codes such as Frankish and canon law. Other sources include the Vulgate edition of the Bible and Roman law codes, although the debt to those sources is small.
Authorship and title.
The "Leges" was written between 1114 and 1118 by an unknown Norman, who is very likely to be the author of another legal work, the "Quadripartitus", although some historians, including H. G. Richardson and G. O. Sayles, argue that the two works were by different authors. The "Leges" was probably part of a project including the "Quadripartitus", the two works being part of a planned work in four volumes to cover not only the laws of the writer's own time, but previous laws of the Anglo-Saxon monarchs, as well as how to handle legal cases. As part of both works, the author has included the "Charter of Liberties", which was King Henry's coronation charter promising not to follow the administrative and legal policies of his predecessor, King William II. About a third of the material in the "Leges" is also in the "Quadripartitus". There is evidence that the author of the two works had been a member of the household of Gerard, who had been chancellor under Kings William I and William II before becoming Archbishop of York under Henry I. The work was likely composed at Winchester.
Usually the work has been known as the "Leges Henrici Primi", or "Laws of Henry the First". It gained that name from the inscription "De libertate ecclesie et totius Anglie obseruanda leges Henrici primi" which occurs on five of the six extant manuscripts. The sixth manuscript adds "filii conquestoris" at the end of the inscription. The historian Felix Libermann called the work "Leges Henrici", but the fuller title of "Leges Henrici Primi" is generally used to help differentiate which Henry is being referred to.
Contents.
The work is not a law code issued by King Henry, but a compilation of already extant legislation that was still current during his reign. It is not a comprehensive listing of all laws that were in force during the early 11th century. It begins with Henry's "Charter of Liberties", which he issued after his coronation, and this is the only actual legal document reproduced in the "Leges". Some discussions of juridical matters then follow, then a long treatment of ecclesiastical issues. The rest of the treatise is concerned with non-ecclesiastical subjects, including cases of injury, theft, murder, and feuds. Procedural topics are included, such as how summonses to court should be formed, what notices need to be made before judicial procedures, how adjournments should be handled, and other such concerns. There is no strong organizational framework to the entirety of the "Leges", which leads the author to repeat subjects as well as treating some subjects less than adequately.
The law code recognised the difference between the laws of the Danelaw, the old Kingdom of Mercia, and the lands of the Kingdom of Wessex. It also set out a list of legal proceedings that could only be tried before the king or his officials, the cases of which were known as "royal pleas" or "pleas of the crown"; they included serious crimes such as treason, murder, rape, robbery, arson, and some types of theft. Treasure trove and salvage from wrecks were also matters of interest to the crown. Other royal cases involved counterfeiters or false judgement, or violent acts against the king himself or his household and servants. The king also reserved the right to hear appeals from other courts conducted by local authorities or by his nobles. The tract also set out who should attend the shire court, ruling that the local bishop and earl, as well as the sheriff and local barons, among others, should attend.
The work assumes that the royal legal system would still address some issues that later would have been dealt with by ecclesiastical courts. Clergy are not only to take part in the shire court, but could be summoned to answer charges in the court. It also sets out the various courts that were established and their jurisdiction. It takes for granted that the Anglo-Saxon laws of England are still in effect. It also addresses the administration of forest law under Henry I. Another new concern in the "Leges" is law covering the roadways and highways.
Another area covered by the work is royal finance, with the "Leges" setting out the rate of Danegeld, at a rate of one shilling per hide. It also covers judicial fines, setting forth a fine of 46 marks as the penalty for committing murder. The author of the work criticised the royal justices, calling them greedy. It sets out elaborate procedures for the conduct of murder cases, or "murdum".
The "Leges" also devoted some effort to the theory of the law, and attempted to make generalisations about legal procedures and practices. It also contains a number of dicta which became cliches, such as "who unknowingly offends will knowingly amend" and "witness is not needed as to what did not occur, but as to what an accused claims did occur".
Manuscripts.
The work comes down to the present day in two manuscript traditions, neither one of which contains many manuscripts. There are six surviving manuscripts between the two traditions – that of the manuscript Sc and its copies, and the "London group". The Sc group is composed of the Sc manuscript itself, which probably dates from about 1225, and its copy, Hg, which was written about 1250. Sc is currently part of the Red Book of the Exchequer held by the Public Record Office. Hg is held by the British Library and is catalogued as Hargrave 313. It consists of folios 5 through 14a of the manuscript.
Four other extant manuscripts belong to the "London" tradition, and three other now-lost manuscripts are also known to have belonged to this grouping. The surviving manuscripts are known as K, Co, Or, and Rs. The three lost manuscripts have been assigned the names of Gi, Sl, and Tw. K is a manuscript currently in the British Library, and was part of the Cotton Library before becoming part of the British Museum then the British Library. Given the catalogue name of Cotton Claudius D II, it is the only illuminated manuscript of the "Leges" and dates to around 1310. Co is currently in the Corpus Christi College, Cambridge Library and was part of the Parker Library in the 16th century before being bequeathed to Corpus Christi on Parker's death. This manuscript dates to around 1320 and is catalogued as Corpus Christi College 70. The "Leges" occupies folios 108 through 170. The manuscript Or was originally part of the Oriel College, Oxford Library but is now part of the Bodleian Library. It dates from around 1330 and is catalogued as Oriel College 46. The last extant manuscript is Rs, which is currently in the John Rylands Library in Manchester. It was written about 1201 and is catalogued as Rylands lat.155.
The three known but now-lost manuscripts included Gi, which was known in 1721 and was owned by the London Guildhall. It was used by David Wilkins to compile his 1721 work "Leges Anglo-Saxonicae" as well by Henry Spelman to correct manuscripts used in the "Epistola Eleutherii". The Sl manuscript belonged to John Selden in the 17th century, but it is unclear when it was created. It was used by Roger Twysden in his edition of the "Leges Henrici Primi". The last securely known lost manuscript is the Tw manuscript, and was used by Twysden in his edition of the "Leges", and was perhaps owned by him also.
Possibly two other manuscripts existed but little is known about them. One is often designated Sp, and was used by Spelman for his 1625 "Glossarium Archaiollogicum", for which he used three manuscripts of the "Leges" – Sc, K and one that he does not name but has subsequently been designated as Sp. It appears to have belonged to the London grouping, and may have been Gi rather than a separate manuscript, although Spelman's description and usage is unclear as to which possibility is most likely. The other possible manuscript was one that Wilkins referred to as "quod iudetur fuisse Archiepiscopi aut Monachorum Cantuar." but it has not been found in searches of the Lambeth Library and the various Canterbury repositories.
Besides the medieval manuscripts, there are three early modern transcriptions of the work – one from the 16th century now at the Cambridge University Library as manuscript Dd.VI 38, the second at Trinity College, Cambridge from the 17th century, catlogued as Cambridge O.10,20, and the last in the British Library as Harley 785, also dating from the 17th century.
Publishing history.
The first complete printed edition of the "Leges" was in 1644, as an appendix to a new edition of the "Arcaionomia" prepared by Abraham Wheelock. The actual text of the "Leges" was edited by Twysden. Prior to this, two other scholars, William Lambarde and Spelman, had intended to produce printed editions of the "Leges", but were unable to follow through on the project. A portion of the "Leges" had earlier appeared in Edward Coke's "Institutes of the Laws of England" in 1628. Another edition appeared in 1721, with Wilkins' publication of the "Leges Anglo-Saxonicae", which built on the work of William Somner between 1645 and 1652. In 1776, David Hoüard reprinted Wilkins' text of the "Leges" in the "Traites sur les coutumes anglo-normandes", and in 1789 another reproduction of Wilkins' text appeared in Paulus Canciani's "Barbarorum Legs Antiquae".
What is considered the first scholarly discussion of the "Leges" appeared in 1827 by George Philips, who did not reproduce the entire text in his "Englische Reichsund Rechtsgeschichte", but did provide a couple of extracts along with a discussion of the sources of the work and a description of the work. In 1840, the Record Commission published an edition of the text that had been edited by Richard Price and Benjamin Thorpe. The next major production of the "Leges" was Felix Liebermann who produced three volumes of "Gesetze der Angelsachsen" between 1903 and 1916, with the "Leges" being one of the legal treatises being reproduced in the "Gesetze". A modern translation, with the original Latin text on pages facing the translation, was published in 1972 by the Clarendon Press and edited by L. J. Downer, and includes updated commentary and manuscript information.
Legacy and influence.
The work is an important historical source for the study of the Middle Ages. An edition was published along with other 12th-century legal treatises, in the "Die Gesetze der Angelsachsen", and more recently it has been studied by the historian L. J. Downer. The historian Patrick Wormald says of the "Leges" that it "has had more effect on views of English law before Henry II than any other".

</doc>
<doc id="21541451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541451" title="Sycip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co.">
Sycip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co.

SyCip Gorres Velayo & Co. (branded as SGV & Co.) is the Philippines' largest multidisciplinary professional services firm. As of 2007, the company has employed over 1,800 professionals from various disciplines, including Certified Public Accountants, legal professionals, economists, human resource professionals, engineers, statisticians, financial analysts, and other business and technical experts.
Since 1996, it has been the only ISO 9002-certified professional services firm in the country, becoming an affiliate of Ernst & Young International on June 6, 2002.
History.
SyCip, Gorres, Velayo, and Company was founded by Filipino Chinese businessman Washington SyCip in Manila, providing services to businesses recovering from the Second World War. It was a one-man operation, with SyCip as accountant, messenger, and janitor simultaneously. SyCip's boyhood friend, Alfredo M. Velayo, and Vicente O. José, an accountant with copious experience in tax work, were taken in as partners in 1947 to form SyCip, Velayo, Jose & Co.
In 1948, the firm embarked on its first overseas engagement by working out a merger with Henry Hunter Bayne & Co. (HHB), which started its practice in the then-American controlled Philippine Islands in 1906.
In 1953, Thomas Farnell, a senior partner of HHB, decided to return to the United States and sell his practise to Filipino accountants Arsenio Reyes and Ramón J. Gorres. After a series of negotiations between the two and SyCip, the firms merged to form SyCip, Gorres, Velayo & Co.
In 1958, SGV & Co. assumed the practise of British firm Fleming & Williamson, which was rated the second-largest accounting firm in the Philippines, and expanded further by establishing offices in Bacolod and Davao. Over the years, the firm have had correspondent relations with some of the leading western firms, among them Arthur Andersen & Co.; Ernst & Ernst; Haskins & Sells; and Ernst & Young. It has provided institutional development projects in more than 30 countries with funding assistance from international institutions such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank.
In 1985, SGV & Co. became a member firm of Arthur Andersen & Co., S.C., one of the largest professional service organisations in the world. A year later, the firm opened its Manila Offshore Systems Development Center, with assistance from Andersen Consulting, and has provided computer software services to foreign clients through Andersen Consulting's global marketing network and resources. SGV & Co. became a member practise of Ernst & Young on September 1, 2002. 
The firm is currently headquartered in Makati, and has eight branches across the Philippines.
Services.
SGV & Co. offers a variety of services for its different clients:

</doc>
<doc id="21541457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541457" title="Human rights in Bhutan">
Human rights in Bhutan

In general, the status of human rights in Bhutan is good. The greatest concern is the status of Bhutanese refugees and the protection of the Lhotshampa Nepalese minority remaining in Bhutan. There are also concerns as to the freedom of religion in Bhutan, namely a ban on non-Buddhist proselytism and state support of religion.

</doc>
<doc id="21541461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541461" title="DeMingo Graham">
DeMingo Graham

DeMingo Graham (born September 10, 1973 in Newark, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played guard for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers and Houston Texans. 

</doc>
<doc id="21541473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541473" title="Monksfield Novice Hurdle">
Monksfield Novice Hurdle

The Monksfield Novice Hurdle is a Grade 2 National Hunt novice hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Navan over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (4,023 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November.
The event is named after Monksfield, a successful Irish-trained hurdler in the late 1970s. For a time it was classed at Grade 3 level, and it was promoted to Grade 2 status in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21541475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541475" title="Stoneham Firestation">
Stoneham Firestation

The Stoneham Firestation is a historic fire station at Central and Emerson Streets in Stoneham, Massachusetts. The two story red brick Renaissance Revival building was built in 1916, and continues to serve as the town's central fire station. Its most prominent feature is its four story hose drying tower, which is reminiscent of Italian Renaissance-era towers.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and included as a contributing property to the Central Square Historic District in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21541478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541478" title="Ceanothus jepsonii">
Ceanothus jepsonii

Ceanothus jepsonii is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names musk brush and Jepson ceanothus.
Description.
This species of shrub is variable, particularly across its two varieties: 
Both varieties have firm, toothed evergreen leaves oppositely arranged, curved, often spiny (holly-like), and with their edges turned under. The flowers tend to have a musky odor.
Distribution.
It is endemic to California, where it grows in dry, shrubby habitat in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Coast Ranges to the north, often on serpentine soils.

</doc>
<doc id="21541498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541498" title="Jeff Smith (offensive lineman)">
Jeff Smith (offensive lineman)

Jeffery Lee Smith (born May 25, 1973) is a former professional American football offensive lineman in the National Football League. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs (1996–1999), the Jacksonville Jaguars (2000–2001) and the Pittsburgh Steelers (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="21541503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541503" title="Franklin B. Jenkins House (Chestnut Street, Stoneham, Massachusetts)">
Franklin B. Jenkins House (Chestnut Street, Stoneham, Massachusetts)

The Franklin B. Jenkins House is a historic house at 37 Chestnut Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts. Built c. 1895, it is one of Stoneham's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. The 2.5 story wood frame house has an L shape, with a distinctive octagonal turret section at the crook of the L. A porch with turned posts and balusters wraps around the front and side to the turret section.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, where it is listed at 35 Chestnut Street. It was also included in the Nobility Hill Historic District in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21541506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541506" title="Repo (album)">
Repo (album)

REPO is the fifth album by American experimental noise band Black Dice. It was released on April 7, 2009 on Paw Tracks Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21541509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541509" title="Ivy Walker">
Ivy Walker

Ivy Kay Walker, later Thorpe (born 22 September 1911), is an English athlete who competed in the 1930 Women's World Games and the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague she was a member, along with Ethel Scott, Eileen Hiscock and Daisy Ridgley, of the British 4×100 metre relay team which won the silver medal. At the 1934 Empire Games she was a member of the English relay team which won the silver medal in the 220-110-220-110 yards event. In the 220 yards competition she was eliminated in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="21541522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541522" title="Federated Computing Research Conference">
Federated Computing Research Conference

The Federated Computing Research Conference, FCRC, is an event that brings together several academic conferences, workshops, and plenary talks in the field of computer science. FCRC has been organised in 1993, 1996, 1999, 2003, 2007, and 2011. The next event will be in 2015 in Portland, Oregon.
In the first FCRC, the main organiser was the Computing Research Association; since then, the Association for Computing Machinery has taken the lead in organising the event.
The Turing Award 1998, 2002, 2006, and 2010 recipients gave plenary talks in FCRC 1999, 2003, 2007, and 2011. Other plenary speakers in FCRC include László Babai, Charles Bennett, Randal Bryant, Bob Colwell, David Culler, Cynthia Dwork, Shafi Goldwasser, Michael J. Flynn, Hector Garcia-Molina, John L. Hennessy, Richard Karp, Randy Katz, Ken Kennedy, James Kurose, Ed Lazowska, Barbara Liskov, Robin Milner, Charles R. (Chuck) Moore, Christos Papadimitriou, Michael Rabin, Scott Shenker, Burton Smith, Guy L. Steele, Jr., Avi Wigderson, Maurice Wilkes, William A. Wulf.
Conferences.
The following table contains conferences that have been part of FCRC at least twice; workshops have not been listed.
Other notable events held in conjunction with FCRC include HOPL III, the History of Programming Languages Conference in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21541523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541523" title="Samuel L. Howard">
Samuel L. Howard

Samuel Lutz Howard (March 8, 1891 – October 12, 1960) was a United States Marine Corps general who served with distinction in the Marine Corps for thirty-eight years. In the early stages of World War II, General Howard commanded the 4th Marine Regiment on Bataan and Corregidor from December 7, 1941 to May 6, 1942. For distinguished service in that bitter encounter, he was awarded the Navy Cross. Captured by the Japanese at Corregidor, he was forced to march many miles to a prison camp where he was held as a prisoner of war from 1942 until being liberated in 1945. He was the senior U.S. Marine held captive during World War II. After the war, he continued to serve until 1953, including posts as Commanding General of the 1st Marine Division, and his final post as Inspector General of the Marine Corps.
Biography.
Samuel Lutz Howard was born on March 8, 1891 in Washington, D.C. He graduated from the Virginia Military Institute in 1912. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps on May 11, 1914, at which time he reported for duty at the Marine Officers' School, Marine Barracks in Norfolk, Virginia.
Early military career.
In August 1915, Howard was sent on his first tour of foreign duty to Port au Prince, Haiti with a Marine Expeditionary regiment, which was sent to Haiti after two Americans were killed by snipers.
In December 1916, he went to sea as a member of the Marine Detachment aboard the and remained on sea duty for almost three years, assuming command of the Marine Detachment, in 1917, and the Marine Detachment on the in 1918.
Two years of recruiting duty in Richmond, Virginia, and a year at the Marine Barracks, Washington, D.C., preceded the General's second tour of foreign duty, this time with the Second Brigade Marines in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic.
Returning to the United States in August 1924, he served at the Marine Corps Base, San Diego, California, with the Fourth Marine Regiment until assigned to the Field Officers' Course, Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, Virginia, the following year. Upon graduation in May 1926, he was assigned to duty at Marine Corps Headquarters in Washington, D.C., where he was a member of the War Plans Section, and later a member of the Commandant's Department (then John A. Lejeune).
In June 1929, Howard joined the United States occupation of Haiti where his duties for the next years included Chief of Police and Department Commander, Port au Prince, Haiti. He was returned to the U.S. and assumed duties with the First Battalion, Seventh Marines, until August 1934, at which time he was again transferred to Marine Corps Headquarters. From August 1934 until June 1938, he served as the Executive Officer, Division of Operations and Training, Headquarters Marine Corps.
In June 1938, he was ordered to the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island as a student in the Senior Course. Following graduation, the Howard joined the Second Brigade, Fleet Marine Force, as Commanding Officer, Sixth Marine Regiment later becoming Brigade Executive Officer, and finally Division Chief of Staff of the Marine Division. He was promoted to the rank of colonel in October 1938.
World War II.
Eight months prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, Howard went to China to take command of the Fourth Marines at Shanghai, assuming command on May 14, 1941. In late November, the Regiment was withdrawn from China, and arrived in the Philippines on December 2.
Five days later, Howard and the 4th Marines began the fight that lasted until the fall of Corregidor in May 1942. For his distinguished service during the bitter fighting at Bataan and Corregidor, he was awarded the Navy Cross.
Howard's Navy Cross citation reads in part:
Howard was taken captive — and was the most senior U.S. Marine taken captive during World War II. Howard remained a prisoner of war until liberated in August 1945. He was retroactively promoted to major general, effective March 30, 1942.
He was returned to the United States, and after several months, was ordered to the Marine Barracks, Parris Island, South Carolina, as Deputy Commanding General. He served as acting Commander from February 2, 1946 – February 12, 1946.
Post war years.
Returning to China in September 1946, General Howard assumed command of the First Marine Division (Reinforced) with headquarters in Tientsin. Upon withdrawal of the First Marine Division from China in June 1947, he was transferred to Pearl Harbor to become Commanding General, Marine Garrison Forces, Pacific, which post to held until September 1, 1948, when he returned to the United States.
On September 10, 1948, he was ordered to Headquarters Marine Corps, Washington, D.C., as President of the Naval Examining Board and President of the Marine Corps Reserve Examining Board.
He assumed his final post as of Inspector General of the Marine Corps on June 6, 1950; holding the post for almost three years.
Retirement.
Howard retired from the Marine Corps on March 31, 1953 and was advanced to the grade of lieutenant general.
Howard died on October 12, 1960 and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards and decorations.
Lieutenant General Howard's decoration and medals include: 

</doc>
<doc id="21541524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541524" title="Ken Moyer">
Ken Moyer

Kenneth Wayne Moyer (born November 19, 1966) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for five seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals.
He is currently a math teacher at oak hills high school, in Cincinnati Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="21541545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541545" title="Robert Kavanaugh">
Robert Kavanaugh

Robert Murray Kavanaugh GC (18 December 1906 – 12 September 1976) was an Australian recipient of the Albert Medal, formerly the highest decoration for gallantry awarded to civilians or to military personnel for actions "not in the face of the enemy" in the United Kingdom and Commonwealth. A dental student, Kavanaugh was awarded the Albert Medal following his rescue of a youth during a shark attack at Bondi Beach in January 1929. With the establishment of the George Cross, the Albert Medal was discontinued and, in 1971, living recipients of the decoration were invited to exchange their medal for the George Cross; Kavanaugh took up the offer and formally became a recipient of the George Cross.
Early life and education.
Kavanaugh was born in Wingham, New South Wales, on 18 December 1906 to Herbert Leo Kavanaugh, a dentist, and his wife Alice Rose (née Flood). In 1917, the family moved to Sydney where Kavanaugh was educated at Waverley and Burwood public schools, as well as by a private tutor. He was active in sport, playing Rugby Union for the Eastern Suburbs District Football Club, and belonging to the Sydney Rowing Club and the Kensington Amateur Athletic Association. Aged fifteen, Kavanaugh undertook study through the Dental Board of New South Wales and was apprenticed to his father as a dental student.
Albert Medal.
On 12 January 1929, Kavanaugh was swimming at Bondi Beach approximately from the shore when fourteen-year-old Colin Stewart was attacked by a shark and dragged underwater. The shark inflicted severe wounds to Stewart's side and hip, and Kavanaugh—who was located only a few metres away—immediately swam to his assistance. The shark made a second pass at Stewart as Kavanaugh neared. Securing a hold on Stewart, Kavanaugh struggled towards the shore. As the pair neared, they were assisted by two other men who dragged Stewart ashore, where he received medical attention before being rushed to hospital. Stewart subsequently died of his injuries the following morning.
The coroner who investigated the incident commented on Kavanaugh's "heroic act", and noted that he should be decorated with the highest honour possible for the circumstances. For his actions, Kavanaugh was subsequently awarded the Surf Life Saving Association of Australia's meritorious award in silver and the Albert Medal. The announcement and accompanying citation for the latter award was published in the "London Gazette" on 17 October 1930, reading:
Later life.
Following the completion of his apprenticeship, Kavanaugh was registered as a dental surgeon in June 1930. By 1933, he had established his own practice at Narromine. On 22 April that year, he married Mary Sylvia Potter, a stenographer, in a Catholic ceremony at the Sacred Heart Church, Darlinghurst; the pair would later have a son and three daughters. During this time, Kavanaugh obtained a civil flying licence and was active in the local musical and drama societies.
On 7 October 1940, Kavanaugh enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force for service during the Second World War. Although wishing to be selected as a pilot, he was instead commissioned as a flight lieutenant in the medical branch as a dental officer. Promoted to squadron leader in October 1942, he served throughout the war in Australia. He was last posted to RAAF Station Bradfield Park before taking his discharge on 9 June 1945.
In 1946, Kavanaugh entered the University of Sydney studying for a Bachelor of Dental Surgery degree. During his time at the university, he won the Percy A. Ash Prize in 1948 and the Annie Praed Prize in 1949, before graduating with his degree in 1950. Kavanaugh continued to practice dentistry in Sydney until the late 1950s, when he purchased Karalinga, a sheep station on the Wollondilly River, and entered semi-retirement. In his semi-retirement, Kavanaugh divided his time between Karalinga and serving as a locum tenens dentist.
In 1971, due to the decline in status and significance of the Albert Medal, the British Government announced that living recipients of the decoration were invited to exchange their medals in substitution for the George Cross, and would henceforth formally become recipients of the latter award. All six living Australian Albert Medal recipients at the time opted to accept the offer, with Kavanaugh and four others travelling to London to receive their awards. The five men, Jack Chalmers, Stanley Gibbs, William McAloney, Dick Richards and Kavanaugh, were presented with their George Crosses at an investiture ceremony in Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 July 1972.
Kavanaugh died of cardiac failure at the age of 69 at the Repatriation General Hospital, Concord, on 12 September 1976. He was interred in the Field of Mars Cemetery, Sydney, in the Anglican section, in the same grave as his wife Mary Sylvia, who had died on 27 July 1976, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="21541556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541556" title="Scott Rehberg">
Scott Rehberg

Scott Joseph Rehberg (born November 17, 1973) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for seven seasons for the New England Patriots, Cleveland Browns, and Cincinnati Bengals.

</doc>
<doc id="21541559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541559" title="Professional Research &amp; Advisory Council">
Professional Research &amp; Advisory Council

PRAC WAS CREATED AND LAUNCHED AT BAHADUR YAR CLUB, Bahadurabad 
Membership Criteria: Must be 35 years of age and older and full time employed or self employed to participate in PRAC events. Younger members are requested to join "Youth Advisory Council".
PRAC-III is basically a think tank contributing for the betterment for the people of Karachi, Sindh and Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21541564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541564" title="Uganda Development Bank">
Uganda Development Bank

Uganda Development Bank (UDB) is a government-owned development bank in Uganda.
Overview.
The bank began its operations in 1972. Uganda Development Bank is the first development finance institution established by the Government of Uganda. The main objective of UDB is to promote and finance development in various sectors of the economy with particular emphasis on agriculture, industry, tourism, housing and commerce. , the total asset valuation of the bank was approximately US$58.4 million (UGX:146.9 billion), with shareholders equity of approximately US$41.9 million (UGX:105.6 billion) 
Mode of Operation.
In order to achieve its objective, UDB is empowered, by its statute, to provide financial assistance in the form of loans and by way of equity participation. To enable it to finance the various projects, UDB is empowered to borrow funds from both local and foreign sources, within the borrowing limits determined by the Ministry of Finance, Government of Uganda.
History.
UDB was established 1n 1972 by government decree. The period between 1972 and 1979 was characterized by the extension of medium term loans to small-scale enterprises on a limited basis. The sourcing of funding was constrained by adverse economic conditions locally and by the inability to obtain International funding by the prevailing Ugandan authorities during that period.
The political leadership in Uganda changed in 1979 and Uganda Development Bank was able to obtain large credits from external financiers, like AfDB, IDA, EIB, EEC, OPEC and BADEA. With these funds, UDB’s focus of activities shifted to financing medium and long term projects in agriculture, manufacturing and tourism. Between 1997 and 2001 the bank was restructured, recapitalized and re-organized as a limited liability company, wholly owned by the Government of Uganda.
Financing.
The Bank obtains two types of funds:
Uganda Development Bank is required to finance projects that are technically feasible, commercially and economically viable and socially desirable. Priority is given to:
A significant portion of the financing made by UDB is directed towards projects in the agricultural sector. Financing can be in the form of loans which are repayable in installments over a pre-determined period of time or in the form of equity participation with specific criteria set out on how the equity is shared between UDB and the other investors in the project.
The future.
, the bank has re-organized and repositioned itself to play a larger and more visible role in Uganda's development finance. It has developed a medium-term recapitalization plan (2013-2017), that will increase shareholder's equity from the current UGX100 billion (US$40 million), to UGX500 billion (US$200 million). Its growth plan has been streamlined to harmonize with Uganda's National Development Plan (NDP) and with Vision 2040. Vision 2040 aims to transform Ugandan society from a peasant population to a modern and prosperous country by the year 2040. Some of the development partners that UDB is working with, include the following: (a) the Kuwait Fund, (b) Afrexim Bank, (c) Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa (BADEA) and (d) Islamic Development Bank (IDB).
Products and services.
These include: (a) Project Term Loans (b) Trade Financing (c) Investment in Equity (d) Project Advisory Services and (e) Project Management.
Board of directors.
As of December 2013, the following constituted the Board of Directors of the bank:
Management.
The following people constituted the senior management team at Uganda Development Bank:
Controversy.
A recent audit by Uganda's Auditor General has revealed disturbing financial impropriety by Board members and Senior managers at the institution, leading to financial loss. Both the board and management team involved in the fraud have been terminated and investigation continue as of June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21541584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541584" title="Li Shidao">
Li Shidao

Li Shidao () (died March 8, 819) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who, as the successor to his brother Li Shigu, ruled Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial government. In 818, after he reneged on an offer to submit three of Pinglu's 12 prefectures to imperial control, Emperor Xianzong declared a campaign against him. In 819, his officer Liu Wu turned against him and killed him, submitting to imperial authority.
Background.
It is not known when Li Shidao was born. His father was Li Na, who was military governor ("Jiedushi") of Pinglu Circuit from 784 to 792 and who had inherited the circuit from Li Shidao's grandfather Li Zhengji. His mother was a daughter of Li Zhengji's ally Li Baochen, who had ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). He had one older half-brother, Li Shigu, who inherited the circuit after Li Na's death in 792.
It was said that during Li Shigu's rule, Li Shidao was sent out of the headquarters to govern locales, and at times he was impoverished — because Li Shigu wanted him to get experience on how life was so that he would be trained. Li Shigu later made him the prefect of Mi Prefecture (密州, in modern Weifang, Shandong). It was said that he liked painting and playing the "bili".
As of 806, Li Shigu was ill, and he asked his staff members Gao Mu (高沐) and Li Gongdu (李公度) whom they planned to support as leader if he died — and when Gao and Li Gongdu did not answer quickly, Li Shigu guessed that they planned to support LI Shidao. Li Shigu tried to dissuade them — stating that while he loved Li Shidao as his brother, Li Shidao was not capable and spent his time on painting and playing "bili" — but did not give them any other person that he approved of. When Li Shigu died thereafter, Gao and Li Gongdu welcomed Li Shidao back to Pinglu's capital Yun Prefecture (鄆州) and supported him to succeed Li Shigu.
Initial semi-submission to the imperial government.
After Li Shidao took over control of the circuit, for some time, Emperor Xianzong did not issue any approvals of his takeover. When Li Shidao consulted his staff members, some suggested pillaging the nearby circuits to create pressure on the imperial government. Gao Mu earnestly opposed this, and instead proposed that Li Shidao try to receive the emperor's favor by submitting the tax revenues that Li Shigu had withheld to the imperial government, giving the imperial government the authority to commission his subordinates, and joining the imperial salt monopoly system and submitting the funds to the imperial government. Meanwhile, the chancellor Du Huangshang advocated trying to strip Li Shidao of some territory, but as Emperor Xianzong was waging a campaign against another warlord, Liu Pi, at the time, he did not want to create another battlefront. He thus made his son Li Shen (李審) the Prince of Jian the titular military governor but commissioned Li Shidao the acting military governor and, later in the year, made Li Shidao military governor officially.
In 809, there was an incident in which the great-great-grandson of the great early Tang chancellor Wei Zheng, Wei Chou (魏稠), was so impoverished that he mortgaged his ancestral home. Li Shidao offered to use his own money to pay off Wei Chou's mortgage, and Emperor Xianzong initially agreed. He had the imperial scholar Bai Juyi draft an edict approving Li Shidao's suggestion, but Bai pointed out that this is something the imperial government should do and that Emperor Xianzong should not allow Li Shidao to take credit for this. Emperor Xianzong agreed, and he used imperial treasury funds to pay off Wei's mortgage.
Also in 809, Wang Shizhen the military governor of Chengde died. Emperor Xianzong was initially willing to make Wang Shizhen's son Wang Chengzong the new military governor after Wang Chengzong offered to submit two of Chengde's six prefectures to imperial control, but after Wang Chengzong reneged on the offer, Emperor Xianzong declared a campaign against Wang Chengzong. The imperial campaign stalled, however, and Li Shidao repeatedly tried to intercede on Wang Chengzong's behalf. In 810, Emperor Xianzong ended the campaign and made Wang Chengzong military governor of Chengde.
In 812, when another ally of Li Shidao's, Tian Ji'an the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), his relative Tian Xing (later known as Tian Hongzheng) took over and submitted to imperial authority. Li Shidao later threatened to, along with Wang Chengzong, attack Tian Hongzheng, but Han Hong the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), who was loyal to the imperial government, threatened to attack him if he attacked Weibo, and Li Shidao did not do so.
Alliance with Wu Yuanji.
In 814, another ally of Li Shidao's, Wu Shaoyang the military governor of Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), died. When Emperor Xianzong did not commission Wu Shaoyang's son Wu Yuanji to succeed Wu Shaoyang, Wu Yuanji reacted by pillaging the nearby circuits, and Emperor Xianzong ordered a campaign against Zhangyi. Both LI Shidao and Wang Chengzong tried to intercede on Wu Yuanji's behalf, but Emperor Xianzong rebuffed them. Emperor Xianzong mobilized the troops from many circuits to attack Zhangyi, but did not request troops from Pinglu. Nevertheless, Li sent 2,000 soldiers to Shouchun (壽春, in modern Lu'an, Anhui), claiming to be joining the attack against Zhangyi, but instead trying to find a way to aid Zhangyi.
Meanwhile, some tens of assassins that Li had retained were suggesting to him that the way for him to save Zhangyi would be to use guerilla warfare — retain a group of bandits to burn the imperial food supplies around the eastern capital Luoyang such that the imperial government would be forced to concentrate on Luoyang's security and decrease the pressure on Zhangyi. Li agreed, and starting in summer 815, there were frequent bandit attacks near Luoyang — sufficiently frequent that many officials suggested to Emperor Xianzong to end the campaign against Zhangyi, but Emperor Xianzong refused.
Li's assassins then suggested the next move — assassinate the chancellor Wu Yuanheng, whom Emperor Xianzong had put in charge of the logistics of the operations against Zhangyi. Li agreed, and sent them with sufficient funds to the capital Chang'an to carry out the operation. Shortly after, Wu Yuanheng was assassinated, and the assassins also attacked another official in favor of the campaign against Wu Yuanji, Pei Du, but failed to kill Pei. Suspicions quickly fell on soldiers that Wang had sent to Chang'an as liaisons — as Wang had, shortly before, submitted a petition that attacked Wu Yuanheng bitterly. Wang's liaisons were arrested and, probably under torture, confessed to assassinating Wu Yuanheng. Emperor Xianzong thus declared Wang a renegade, while, at that point, not suspecting Li, and his assassins were able to flee Chang'an without being arrested. When some officials suggested ending the campaign against Zhangyi, Emperor Xianzong firmly refused, and further made Pei chancellor.
Meanwhile, Li was planning another attack on Luoyang. He had a detachment of Pinglu soldiers stationed at Luoyang, serving as his liaisons, and they were led by the Buddhist monk Yuanjing (圓淨), who had previously been an officer under Shi Siming during the Anshi Rebellion. They planned to burn the imperial palaces and carry out a slaughter of Luoyang's population. The plot was leaked to the imperial defender of Luoyang, Lü Yuanying (呂元膺), however, and Lü mobilized his guards and surrounded the Pinglu liaison office. The Pinglu soldiers fought their way out into the hills south of Luoyang, but later, with them pillaging the prey of the hill hunters in the region, the hunters led the imperial troops to their location, and they were mostly captured and executed. After Lü interrogated two of the Pinglu officers, Zi Jiazhen (訾嘉珍) and Men Cha (門察), he found out the extent of Li Shidao's plot and further found out that Wu Yuanheng was assassinated by assassins sent by Li, not Wang Chengzong. Lü submitted a secret petition pointing out that Li was even more treasonous than Wu Yuanji and Wang. Emperor Xianzong agreed, but as he was already waging two campaigns simultaneously against Wu and Wang, he could not declare a third one against Li at that time.
By late 815, Li was openly attacking Xu Prefecture (徐州, in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu), belonging to neighboring Wuning Circuit (武寧, headquartered at Xu Prefecture), to try to distract the imperial forces. The Wuning officer Wang Zhixing, however, was able to defeat the Pinglu troops. After the imperial generals Li Guangyan and Wu Chongyin captured the Zhangyi outpost Lingyun Fence (陵雲柵, in modern Luohe, Henan) in fall 816, however, Li became apprehensive and submitted a petition offering to submit. Emperor Xianzong, having no ability to attack him at the moment, gave him the honorary title of acting Sikong (司空, one of the Three Excellencies).
During these anti-imperial government actions of Li Shidao's, Gao Mu, Li Gongdu, and Guo Hu (郭昈) repeatedly urged him not to act against the imperial government. Li Shidao's close associates Li Wenhui (李文會) and Li Ying (李英), however, accused Gao and Li Gongdu of being disloyal. Li Shidao eventually executed Gao and imprisoned Guo.
Li Shidao continued to be concerned about Zhangyi's viability, and he sent his officer Liu Yanping (劉晏平) to secretly head to Zhangyi to confer with Wu Yuanji. Liu had to get by the imperial lines carefully, and when he arrived at Zhangyi, Wu gave him many gifts and sent him back to Liu. When Liu returned to Pinglu, however, he reported to Li that Wu was not diligent, was wasting time in games with his wife and concubines, and was not able in military matters. Liu predicted an imminent defeat for Wu. Li, who had hoped for a more optimistic report, did not want to hear this, and he soon thereafter found an excuse to put Liu to death. As the Song Dynasty historian Hu Sanxing commented:
Campaign against imperial government.
In late 817, the imperial general Li Su captured Wu Yuanji, who was soon executed. When the news of Wu's defeat reached Li Shidao and Wang Chengzong, both became fearful. Wang again offered to surrender two of his six prefectures to imperial control and further sent his two sons to Chang'an to serve as hostages, and Emperor Xianzong accepted his submission. Li Gongdu and another officer, Li Yingtan (李英曇), thus persuaded Li Shidao to submit three of his 12 prefectures — Yi (沂州, in modern Linyi, Shandong), Mi, and Hai (海州, in modern Lianyungang, Jiangsu) to imperial control and to send his oldest son Li Hongfang (李弘方) to Chang'an as a hostage. Emperor Xianzong initially agreed, and he sent the official Li Sun (李遜) to Pinglu to comfort Li Shidao.
However, it was said that by this point, Li Shidao was only often conferring on the key matters with his wife Lady Wei, household servants Hu Weikan (胡惟堪) and Yang Ziwen (楊自溫), the female servants Ladies Pu and Yuan, and the scribe Wang Zaisheng (王再升). Lady Wei did not want to send Li Hongfang to Chang'an, and she, along with Ladies Pu and Yuan, argued that Pinglu should not weaken itself by submitting three prefectures. Instead, they argued that if he did not do so, the imperial government would, at most, attack, and that if Pinglu could try to fight and submit the three prefectures only if it was losing on the battlefield. Li Shidao agreed, and he further considered executing Li Gongdu. Only at the intercession of another staff member, Jia Zhiyan (賈直言), was Li Gongdu spared, but Li Yingtan was executed. When Li Sun arrived at Pinglu, Li Shidao promised to send Li Hongfang to Chang'an, but Li Sun could see that Li Shidao was not intending to do so. Once Li Sun returned to Chang'an and reported this to Emperor Xianzong, soon, Li Shidao submitted a petition stating that the soldiers would not permit him to submit the three prefectures and hostage. Emperor Xianzong, in anger, declared a campaign against Li Shidao, mobilizing the troops of Xuanwu, Weibo, Yicheng (義成, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan), Wuning, and Henghai (橫海, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei) to attack Pinglu. Soon, the armies of these circuits were continuously dealing Pinglu forces defeats, and by winter 818, Tian Hongzheng's Weibo army had crossed the Yellow River and approached Pinglu's capital Yun Prefecture (鄆州). Despite these defeats, it was said that Li Shidao did not like to hear news of defeats, and when Li Su, then the military governor of Wuning, captured Jinxiang (金鄉, in modern Jining, Shandong), Li Shidao's staff members did not dare to inform him, and Li Shidao did not know about Jinxiang's fall even until his death. Meanwhile, with the soldiers clamoring for Li Wenhui to be held responsible, Li Shidao demoted Li Wenhui out of the headquarters, and he released Guo and another staff member who advocated submission to the imperial government, Li Cun (李存).
At this point, Pinglu's main forces were under the command of Liu Wu, who was known for being lenient to the soldiers and gaining their support, and stationed at Yanggu (陽穀, in modern Liaocheng, Shandong), to defend against Tian's Weibo army, but Tian was repeatedly dealing Liu defeats. Someone warned Li Shidao that Liu might be up to no good, and Li Shidao summoned Liu back to Yun Prefecture to attend a meeting, intending to execute him. However, at another person's urging, pointing out that killing Liu would lead the officers to all lose faith, Li Shidao changed his mind and, after the meeting, sent Liu back to Yanggu and gave him much rewards to calm him. Because Liu Wu's son Liu Congjian served as a guard for Li Shidao, Liu Wu nevertheless found out about Li Shidao's original thoughts and began to take precautions.
Li Shidao soon resolved again to kill Liu Wu. On March 7, 819, Li Shidao sent two messengers to Liu Wu's deputy Zhang Xian (張暹), ordering Zhang to execute Liu and take over the army. Zhang, however, was friendly with Liu, and he quickly informed Liu. Liu thus had the two messengers arrested and executed. That night, Liu informed the army the events that were occurring and stated that he was intending to make a surprise attack on Yun Prefecture and submit to imperial authority. When some officers hesitated, he executed them, and the other officers agreed to follow him. Early morning March 8, Liu made a surprise advancement toward Yun Prefecture, entering the city despite some opposition by the troops defending the city. Li Shidao's guards soon surrendered. Li Shidao hid with his two sons, but were eventually found and captured. Li Shidao still wanted to meet Liu and plead for his life, but Li Hongfang pointed out that they could not live anyway and that it was better to die quickly. Later that morning, Li Shidao and his two sons were executed by Liu.
Liu delivered the heads of Li Shidao and his two sons to Tian, and Tian soon arrived and took over control of the circuit for the imperial government. Emperor Xianzong divided Pinglu into three smaller circuits. Initially, no one dared to bury Li Shidao's body, until one Shi Yingxiu (士英秀) did so. Later, the new military governor Ma Zong (馬總) reburied Li Shidao's body with ceremony due a scholar, not a general. Li Shidao's wife Lady Wei and his youngest son were spared but made palace servants — purportedly spared only because Liu had an affair with Lady Wei and falsely reported her to be a descendant of Wei Zheng's. Li Shidao's cousins were exiled.

</doc>
<doc id="21541591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541591" title="Woman on a High Stool">
Woman on a High Stool

Woman on a High Stool (French: Femme au tabouret) is an oil painting on canvas by the French artist Henri Matisse from early 1914. It is a portrait of Germaine Raynal, the wife of art critic Maurice Raynal. The piece is influenced by analytical cubism. 

</doc>
<doc id="21541592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541592" title="Mish'al Muhammad Rashid Al-Shedocky">
Mish'al Muhammad Rashid Al-Shedocky

Mish'al Muhammad Rashid Al-Shedocky is a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 71.
According to official medical records published by the Department of Defense in March 2007, he arrived at Guantanamo on January 20, 2002.
According to analysis of flight manifests of planes that landed in Portugal on their way to Guantanamo, his ID number was listed on a January 20, 2002 flight, and also listed on the flight manifest of a February 9, 2002.
His name was listed three times on the January 20, 2002, flight manifest.
On the February 9, 2002, flight manifest his ID was attached to Mehrabanb Fazrollah, a Tajikistani captive.
He is named on a list of Saudi Arabia's most wanted terrorist suspects.
Al-Shedocky was one of the first Guantanamo captives to be repatriated.
According to The Saudi Repatriates Report Al-Shedocky was one of five men repatriated on May 15, 2003.
The "New York Times" reported that his repatriation, and that of four other Saudis repatriated at the same time, was part of a secret deal.
Saudi Arabia had been holding seven westerners, five of whom were United Kingdom citizens. The story reported that the five Saudis' repatriation was in return for the repatriation of the UK citizens.
The other four Saudi men released when he was were:
Fahd Abdallah Ibrahim Al-Shabani, Fawaz Abd Al-Aziz Al-Zahrani, Ibrahim Rushdan Brayk Al-Shili and Ibrahim Umar Ali Al-Umar.
In 2009, following his placement on the Saudi most-wanted list, Evan Kohlmann, of the NEFA Foundation, reported that in 2004 Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayef announced in 2004 that Meshal was to be tried in the Saudi justice system.
Kohlmann, quoting cageprisoners.com reported that "“he was held in Haer prison, near Riyadh, for a year before being transferred to a regional prison, so that he could be closer to his family.”"

</doc>
<doc id="21541599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541599" title="Bunocephalus coracoideus">
Bunocephalus coracoideus

Bunocephalus coracoideus, the Guitarrito, is a species of banjo catfish found in the Amazon River basin. It occurs in Bolivia, Brazil, Peru and Uruguay where it is found in ponds and creeks that contain a large quantity of plant debris. It is quite popular in the aquarium trade. Both male and female reaches a length of 12.0 cm.They are generally very peaceful, however it is a predatory to small fish, such as young fry.

</doc>
<doc id="21541602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541602" title="Jack Fincher">
Jack Fincher

Jack Fincher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21541612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541612" title="Gabriel Jackson (hispanist)">
Gabriel Jackson (hispanist)

Gabriel Jackson (born March 10, 1921) is an American Hispanist, historian and journalist. He was born in Mount Vernon, New York in 1921. He is a leading authority on the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War. Since his retirement he has lived in Barcelona, Spain.
A victim of McCarthyism, he studied at Harvard and Stanford before attaining his doctorate at Université de Toulouse. A Fulbright scholar (1960–1961), he obtained his professorship in 1965 and is Professor Emeritus at University of California, San Diego.
A disciple of both Jaume Vicens i Vives and prominent French historian Pierre Vilar, Jackson has been a regular collaborator of the Spanish daily "El País" for many years.
In 1966 he was awarded the American Historical Association's Herbert Baxter Adams Prize, and in 2002, Spain's prestigious Nebrija Prize from the University of Salamanca.

</doc>
<doc id="21541613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541613" title="Brendan McLeod">
Brendan McLeod

Brendan McLeod is a Canadian spoken word artist, musician and novelist. His work often deals with the exploration of social and political commentary, family histrionics, surreal love poems, obscure adventure stories, and powerful personal stories.
As a spoken word artist and slam poet, he has earned the honours of Canadian SLAM poetry champion (2004), Vancouver SLAM poetry champion (2005), and finished second at the 2005 World SLAM championships, held in the Netherlands. In 2006 McLeod was winner of the Three-Day Novel Contest and consequently his first novel, "The Convictions of Leonard McKinley" was published by Arsenal Pulp Press. The novel has been called both "creepy but...good" and a work of "buoyant irony".
McLeod is also a member of The Fugitives, a "wildly talented spoken-word-cranked" Vancouver-based band also including Adrian Glynn and Steven Charles. Notable former members of The Fugitives include C.R. Avery, Barbara Adler, and Mark Berube. The group has been classified under many guises including slam folk, folk hop, and spoken word cabaret.

</doc>
<doc id="21541627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541627" title="Battle of Le Havre">
Battle of Le Havre

Battle of Le Havre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21541630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541630" title="Qila Niazi">
Qila Niazi

Qalaye Niazi is an ancient fortified area in Paktia province in Afghanistan. The Qila Niazi belonged to Niazi tribal chieftais who had married into the Barakzai Dynasty and settled in Paktia.
Named after its creators the Khans of Niazi, translated into English the name literally meant "Fort of the Niazis". Located some 82 kilometers southeast of the capital Kabul the area originally housed a mud brick fort. Although Niazis had inhabited the area as far back as 1500 BC it is impossible to determine the date the fort was founded, since available oral evidence is contradictory. 
The fort was inhabited until the late 1930s, when the Great Khan Niazi migrated to Pakistan as a result of the political turmoil in Afghanistan, which caused the nation to practically disintegrate into chaos. Today a village inhabited by Niazi tribesmen stands on the grounds of the fort.

</doc>
<doc id="21541657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541657" title="Ceanothus lemmonii">
Ceanothus lemmonii

Ceanothus lemmonii is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Lemmon's ceanothus. It is endemic to California, where it grows on the wooded slopes of the Inner North Coast Ranges and the Sierra Nevada foothills to the west and east, respectively, of the Sacramento Valley. 
Description.
This is a spreading shrub approaching a meter in height and slightly more in width. The woody parts are gray when aged and new twigs are green, hairy, and sometimes glandular. The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged. Each is oval in shape and dull green, densely hairy on the underside and more thinly hairy on the upper surface, and the edge is lined with tiny glandular teeth. The abundant inflorescences are clusters of pale to bright blue or purple flowers. The fruit is a smooth capsule a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="21541667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541667" title="Cedar Grove (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Cedar Grove (Baltimore, Maryland)

Cedar Grove, also known as Ridgely's Whim or Sunday's Chance, is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a large -story, side-passage, double-pile plan house constructed about 1841. A -story wing incorporates an earlier structure, built between 1799 and 1813.
Cedar Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21541678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541678" title="Jim Reid (disambiguation)">
Jim Reid (disambiguation)

Jim Reid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21541682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541682" title="Let Your Love Out">
Let Your Love Out

Let Your Love Out is American child actor Luke Benward's first EP, released by iShine Music on January 5, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21541699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541699" title="Jack Tompkins">
Jack Tompkins

Jack A. Tompkins (June 2, 1909 – October 11, 1993) was an American baseball and ice hockey player, airline executive and civic leader in Detroit, Michigan. As a high school student in Royal Oak, Michigan, he won 27 consecutive baseball games as a pitcher, still a Michigan high school record. At the University of Michigan, he was captain of the baseball and hockey teams in 1932. He worked for more than 30 years for American Airlines in Detroit and became a civic leader in the area, working to bring the Olympic Games to Detroit from the 1940s to the 1960s and founding the Great Lakes Invitational hockey tournament in 1965. 
Youth in Royal Oak, Michigan.
Tompkins was raised in Royal Oak, Michigan and graduated from Royal Oak High School in 1928. In high school Tompkins earned 16 varsity letters. He pitched four no-hit no-run games and led the baseball team in hitting as it won 33 straight games and 2 state championships. He set a state high school record with 27 consecutive wins, still the record recognized by the Michigan High School Athletic Association. He was inducted into the Royal Oak High School Hall of Fame in 1997.
University of Michigan.
In the fall of 1928, Tompkins enrolled at the University of Michigan where he was a star athlete as a pitcher in baseball and a goaltender in ice hockey. He played every minute of every game during his three years on the Wolverines hockey team and was elected captain as a senior in the 1931-1932 season. Michigan won the Big Ten Conference hockey championship in Tompkins' sophomore and junior years, and Tompkins was an All-American in his senior year. He was also named to the All-American Collegiate Hockey team on three occasions. In baseball, Tompkins was a three-year player as a pitcher. He was named captain of the Michigan baseball team in 1932, making him the first Michigan athlete to be elected captain of two different varsity sports teams in the same year. He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1982.
Professional career and community service.
After graduating from Michigan, Tompkins played professional baseball for several years with a Detroit Tigers farm club and professional hockey in the International and National Leagues under contract with the Detroit Red Wings.
In 1935, Tompkins began a career with American Airlines, the company for which he continued to work for more than 30 years. He was the Detroit area manager for the airline. In 1945, Tompkins led the effort to have the Civil Aeronautics Board designate Detroit as one of six American cities to be terminals for flights to the major cities of Europe. Tompkins announced that American Airlines would provide service to Norway, Sweden, Helsinki, Leningrad, Moscow, Glasgow, London, Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Warsaw, Berlin and the Azores.
In 1946, Tompkins was appointed to the Detroit Olympic Committee, a local group working to bring the Summer Olympic Games to Detroit. During his 20 years on the committee, Tompkins participated in the International Olympic Committee's site selection process five times: 1952 (5th place), 1956 (4th place), 1960 (3rd place), 1964 (2nd place), 1968 (2nd place) and 1972 (4th place).
Tompkins also served numerous community organizations, including the boards of the Detroit Convention and Tourist Bureau, the Boy Scouts of America, the Boys' Committee of Detroit, Economic Club of Detroit, the Downtown Property Owners Association, the Washington Boulevard Association and Travelers' Aid Society. He was the chairman of Detroit's International Air Fairs in 1950, 1951, and 1952, a board member for the Michigan Aeronautics and Space Association, a trustee of the Michigan Aviation Foundation, and a member of the Aviation Advisory Committee of the Detroit Board of Commerce. In 1971, he was elected vice president of the University of Michigan graduate "M" Club.
In 1965, Tompkins co-founded the Great Lakes Invitational hockey tournament. At that time, only one American played a significant role on any NHL team. Seeking to improve the prospects for Americans to play in the NHL, a group led by Tompkins, Michigan Tech's legendary hockey coach John MacInnes, and Olympia Stadium manager Lincoln Cavalieri, and Detroit Red Wings's scout Jack Paterson decided to organize a prestigious hockey tournament to be played every year in Detroit. Since 1965, the tournament has been held every year in Detroit between Christmas and New Year's.
Family.
Tompkins married and had three children, a son and two daughters, all born in the 1950s. Tompkins lived with this family in Grosse Pointe, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21541701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541701" title="SYTV">
SYTV

SYTV or Shenyang Television (中文：沈阳电视台 Chinese pinyin:) was launched in 1979. Its programs covers area of Shenyang.

</doc>
<doc id="21541714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541714" title="Moscow Flyer Novice Hurdle">
Moscow Flyer Novice Hurdle

The Moscow Flyer Novice Hurdle is a Grade 2 National Hunt race in Ireland. It is run at Punchestown Racecourse in late January or early February, over a distance of 2 miles and during the race there are nine hurdles to be jumped. The race was first run in 2003 and was called the Byrne Group Novice Hurdle, before changing its name in 2009 to honour the racehorse, Moscow Flyer.

</doc>
<doc id="21541727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541727" title="Charlcote House">
Charlcote House

Charlcote House, also known as the James Swan Frick House, is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a three-story brick detached Classical Revival dwelling built about 1914-1916 in the Guilford development. It is one of the two identified domestic buildings in Maryland designed by John Russell Pope (the other is Woodend at Chevy Chase).
Charlcote House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21541761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541761" title="Leland G. &quot;Lee&quot; Heinrich">
Leland G. &quot;Lee&quot; Heinrich

Leland G. "Lee" Heinrich (born 1943) is a member of the Idaho State Senate. He has been in the state Senate since 2006. He has a bachelors degree in Agricultural Economics from the University of Idaho.
Heinrich and his wife Brenda are the parents of five children.

</doc>
<doc id="21541767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541767" title="Ceanothus leucodermis">
Ceanothus leucodermis

Ceanothus leucodermis, with the common name Chaparral white thorn, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae. 
This "Ceanothus" is an importance browse for several types of ungulate, such as the mule deer and bighorn sheep, who prefer the new growth and shoots to the older, spiny parts.
Range and habitat.
It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in coastal and inland mountain habitat, such as chaparral, coniferous forest, and oak woodland. 
Growth pattern.
"Ceanothus leucodermis" is a thorny shrub growing erect to heights approaching 4 meters. 
Stems and leaves.
The bark is gray-white, waxy, and somewhat hairy, especially when new. 
The twigs harden into sharp-tipped thorns as they age. 
The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged, oval in shape and up to about 4 centimeters long. The edges are smooth or lined with tiny glandular teeth. Leaves are covered with a delicate, white powdery coating that can be rubbed off. 
Stipules, the small leaf-like structures on the stem at the base of the leaf-stem (petiole), are thin and fall off early, compared to other members of the genus.
Inflorescense and fruit.
The inflorescence is a long, stalked cluster of flowers in shades of blue, lavender, or white. 
The fruit is a sticky, three-lobed capsule about half a centimeter long. 
Fruits do not have horns, as do some other members of this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="21541773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541773" title="RV Onnuri">
RV Onnuri

RV "Onnuri" is one of the Korean Ocean Research and Development Institute (KORDI)'s research vessels. She was built in Bergen, Norway in 1991 by Mjellem & Karlsen Verft AS and designed by Skipsteknisk AS. She has been used to supply Korea's Antarctic research station (King Sejong Station) as well as undertaking oceanographic research in the Pacific Ocean. She has a sister ship, "Eardo", also operated by KORDI

</doc>
<doc id="21541776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541776" title="RAB7B">
RAB7B

Ras-related protein Rab-7b is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "RAB7B" gene.
Function.
Rab7 is a small GTPase that plays a role in the transport and degradation of proteins in endosomes and lysosomes in mammalian cells. Rab7b, is localized to lysosome-associated compartments and is selectively expressed in monocytic cells. By promoting the degradation of toll-like receptor 4, RAB7B can negatively regulate the inflammatory activation of macrophages.

</doc>
<doc id="21541795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541795" title="Joyce M. Broadsword">
Joyce M. Broadsword

Joyce M. Broadsword (born June 18, 1958 in Sandpoint, Idaho) is a Republican Idaho State Senator since 2004 and represents the 2nd District. 
Early life and career.
Broadsword attended Sandpoint High School and graduated in 1976. She and her husband John have been married for more than 30 years, are the parents of three children: Brian, Andrew, and J.C., and have three grandchildren.
She has owned Northern Log Homes since 1978, Contracted Courier Service since 1993, B&B Builders since 2001, and was an executive of Downtown Sandpoint Business Association in 2004. She was a volunteer for Larry Craig for Senate in 1990, 1996, and 2002. She was a volunteer for Dirk Kempthorne for Governor in 1998 and 2002. She was City coordinator for Butch Otter for Idaho Campaign in 2002.
Organizations.
Her involvement with organizations has included:

</doc>
<doc id="21541846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541846" title="Quebec Caribous">
Quebec Caribous

The Quebec Caribous (or Les Caribous) were a member of the National Lacrosse League of 1974-75. The franchise was originally the Syracuse Stingers who were founded in 1974 with the creation of the league. They played their first and only season in Quebec in 1975 and were the Nations Cup champions, defeating their provincial rivals the Montreal Quebecois in the best-of-seven final series. The league disbanded on Friday February 13, 1976 due to 3 of the 6 teams going bankrupt (among other issues).

</doc>
<doc id="21541849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541849" title="Melinda Smyser">
Melinda Smyser

Melinda S. Smyser (born October 29, 1958) is a Republican Idaho State Senator, representing the 11th District since 2009. She received a Bachelor's of Science with a Double Major in C/T/Design and Education and Extension from the University of Idaho. She also received a Master's Degree in Education/Counseling from the College of Idaho.
Early life and career.
Melinda Smyser was born in Caldwell, raised in Middleton, and graduated from Middleton High School. She received a Bachelor of Science with a Double Major in C/T/Design and Education and Extension from the University of Idaho. She also received a Master's degree in Education/Counseling from the College of Idaho. Smyser has been an educator and counselor for over twenty-five years and currently serves on the Parma School Board. Smyser is married to C.A. "Skip" Smyser and is the mother of four. She has dedicated her career to helping youth throughout the community. 
Politics.
Smyser has served as President of the Idaho Federation of Republican Women, Co-Chair for the Idaho State Republican Party Platform Committee and has been a Precinct Committeewoman for over twenty years.
When not attending to legislative duties, Smyser is a Safe and Drug Free School Coordinator/Counselor for the Caldwell School District.
Senate appointment and career.
In 2009, Smyser was appointed to represent Idaho's 11th Legislative District which encompasses both Gem and Canyon Counties after Brad Little was appointed Lieutenant Governor. In 2010 she was elected with 10,386 votes (73.3%) against Democrat Shannon L. Forrester and independent Kirsten Faith Richardson.
Committees.
Smyser currently serves on the following Committees:
Work experiences.
Smyser's work experiences include:
Professional associations.
Smyser is currently associated with the following organizations:
Civic activities.
Smyser currently participates in the following civic activities:
Honors and recognition.
Smyser has received the following awards and recognition:
Retirement.
On March 5, 2012, Smyser announced that she would not be seeking re-election; redistricting would have forced a primary contest with fellow Republican Senator Patti Anne Lodge in the newly redrawn District 11, stating “I have every intention to stay involved and I will announce my future plans soon.”

</doc>
<doc id="21541861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541861" title="Fitz Hugh Sound">
Fitz Hugh Sound

Fitz Hugh Sound, sometimes spelled Fitzhugh Sound, is a sound on the British Columbia Coast of Canada, located between Calvert Island and the mainland. Fitz Hugh Sound is part of a group of named bodies of water around the opening of Dean Channel, one of the coast's main fjords, where it intersects the infra-insular waterway known as the Inside Passage. Queen Charlotte Sound lies to its west, beyond which is the open ocean. Fitz Hugh Sound is the southern limit of the large group of offshore islands known as the North Coast Archipelago, which extends to the Dixon Entrance and the opening of the Portland Canal at the boundary of Alaska.
Fitz Hugh Sound was given its name in 1785 by James Hanna, the first non-indigenous person to find and map it. Hanna was the first British maritime fur trader to visit the Northwest Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="21541877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541877" title="Contemporary Authors">
Contemporary Authors

Contemporary Authors is an annually updated reference work published by Gale Cengage. It provides biographical details on over 120,000 writers in all genres whose works have been published in the English language. "Contemporary Authors" was originally released as a series of books, but is now available in an online version.
Authors can submit information about themselves, but they must meet certain inclusion criteria to receive a profile in "Contemporary Authors". Authors whose works have only been published by vanity presses are generally excluded.
The first edition of "Contemporary Authors" was released in 1962. The series is held in many libraries, and was honored by the American Library Association in 1985 as one of the "most distinguished reference titles" of the preceding 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="21541882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541882" title="Seungjeongwon ilgi">
Seungjeongwon ilgi

Seungjeongwon ilgi or Journal of the Royal Secretariat is a daily record of "Seungjeongwon", Royal Secretariat during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392 - 1910), which records the king’s public life and his interactions with the bureaucracy on a daily basis. It is the 303rd national treasure of Korea and designated as one of the UNESCO's Memory of the World.

</doc>
<doc id="21541910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541910" title="Ceanothus maritimus">
Ceanothus maritimus

Ceanothus maritimus, with the common name maritime ceanothus, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae. It is endemic to San Luis Obispo County, California, where it is known from only a few occurrences in the vicinity of Hearst Ranch. It shares the same range as the similarly rare "Ceanothus hearstiorum", growing on the coastal bluffs. 
Description.
The "Ceanothus maritimus" is a spreading or ascending shrub under a meter in height with reddish gray bark aging to gray. The firm evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged, each oval or oblong in shape with a pointed, flat, or notched tip. The leaves are under 2 centimeters long, shiny green on top and woolly underneath, with their edges curled under and sometimes toothed. The inflorescence is a small cluster of deep blue to off-white flowers. The fruit is a capsule about 6 millimeters long which is generally rounded with tiny horns on top.

</doc>
<doc id="21541913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541913" title="Korean Ocean Research and Development Institute">
Korean Ocean Research and Development Institute

The Korean Ocean Research and Development Institute (KORDI) with its headquarters in Ansan, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea, has driven development of the marine sciences and technology of Korea for over 40 years since its establishment in 1973. It started functioning with a new name of Korean Institute of Ocean Science and Technology (KIOST) from July 1, 2012.
The KIOST is one of the world’s best marine research organizations based on the experience of transformed Korea, which had no presence in marine sciences but soon became a powerhouse of the world through KORDI's efforts. It plays a major role in realizing a dream of becoming a prosperous ocean nation through innovative and leading ocean research and development in fundamental and applied ocean science and technology.
The KIOST also undertakes fundamental research in Antarctica. The main areas of interest are geological and geophysical science, the life sciences, and climate science. The institute owns the RV Onnuri, which is used to supply the year-round Antarctic station the King Sejong Station (62.13'S; 58°45'W).
The main functions of KIOST are:

</doc>
<doc id="21541934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541934" title="Monty J. Pearce">
Monty J. Pearce

Monty J. Pearce 
Monty J. Pearce (born September 29, 1948) was born in Sacramento, CA. He has been a Republican member of the Idaho Senate since 2003 and is representing the 9th District. He has been married to Merry Pearce for thirty-nine years and they have seven children.
Early Life & Career.
He attended Ricks College and received his AA. He also attended Brigham Young University and received his BA. He was a Representative of the Idaho State House of Representatives from 1999-2002. He is currently the Senator of District 9 of Idaho State Senate since 2003. He has been a successful rancher, raising purebred Black and Red Angus cattle and Quarter Horses on his ranch near New Plymouth. 
On May 20, 2014, during the Republican Primary, Pearce was defeated by challenger Abby Lee, 3,663 to 2,921 (54.6 to 44.4 percent). The win for Lee almost guarantees victory in the fall as she has no Democratic or Independent opposition.
Committees.
He is a member of:

</doc>
<doc id="21541951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541951" title="Sogwangsa">
Sogwangsa

Sŏgwang-sa is a Korean Buddhist temple located in Sŏlbong-ri in Kosan County, Kangwon Province, North Korea. Once one of Korea's largest Buddhist temples, the complex was mostly destroyed by US bombing in 1951, and today it lies in ruins; however, it is slated to be reconstructed in coming years. It is listed as National Treasure #94
History.
Founded at the end of the Koryo dynasty in 1386, work continued on the temple into the Choson era. Consisting of over 50 buildings, the temple was once one of Korea's largest. During the Japanese occupation, the temple, known under its Japanized name as Shakuō-ji, became a popular tourist destination on the Seoul-Wonsan railway.
Unfortunately, almost all of the historic buildings in the temple compound have been destroyed; many were completely obliterated by a 1951 US bombing raid during the Korean War, and the remaining buildings, including a few reconstructions, were later destroyed by heavy flooding in 1986. The temple's many original art treasures, likewise, were incinerated in the raid.. Today, there are only four buildings standing, three of which are reconstructions; only Jogye Gate remains of the original buildings. Only foundation stones remain of the rest of the temple's structures. Some reconstruction work is set to be completed by Kim Il Sung's 100th birthday in 2012.
Composition.
The temple was arranged with two main axes (known as the west and east Courts), with shrines, living quarters, and kitchens arranged around a courtyard fronting a main prayer hall. The east court was the larger of the two, and contained the temple's most impressive buildings and most valuable pieces of art.
The temple's entrance is through Puri Gate (, "Gate of Nonduality"), situated on a stone bridge over a quiet stream. This bridge symbolically represents the link between the mundane world and the sanctified temple precincts. It was one of the few buildings to survive the American bombing of 1951, but was later washed away by flooding in 1986. It has since been reconstructed. A winding path leads to the temple's second gate, Jogye Gate (조계문/), which allowed entrance to the main temple. Completed in 1783, the gate is the only original building remaining. With a heavy tiles roof supported by only two small wooden pillars, the gate is the temple's most unusual feature and known as one of the most beautiful temple gates in Korea. The gate is estimated to have a combined weight of 100 tonnes. It is often shown as an example of the sophisticated architectural techniques of the Joseon era.
In the courtyard between Jogye Gate and the ruins of the east court stands Sŏlsŏngdong Pavilion (), a two-storied construct first built in 1730. Originally located overlooking the stream, the pavilion was rebuilt after the Korean war only to be knocked over during a particularly heavy flood. It was moved to this location when it was again reconstructed in 1987.
Of the grand east court, only the reconstructed Hoji Gate (, "Gate of Sustaining") exists. Originally built in 1392, the gate originally housed ornate statues of the Four Heavenly Kings. The gate burnt down during the Korean war along with the rest of the temple, but was rebuilt afterward.
Taeung Hall () was built in 1731 as the temple's main prayer hall. As the focal point of the east court, it was by far the largest and most impressive buildings in the compound. It also housed many of the temple's greatest treasures a collection of icons and nine statues of various Buddhist guardians, saints (arhats), and deities. Unfortunately, it too was completely destroyed by the American forces in 1951. Reconstruction on it is slated to begin in 2009.
Of the smaller west court, only foundation stones remain. Ŭngjin Hall (), located at its center, was the first of the temple buildings to be constructed and the court's main prayer hall.. The hall was begun in 1386 at the end of the Koryo dynasty and later finished under the Yi. It housed a statue of Buddha, as well as icons of five hundred of his disciples. Unfortunately, this hall was too completely destroyed by US bombing in 1951. To its east and west stood Inji and Ryongbi Pavilions, which were reconstructed after the war but destroyed during the 1986 floods.
Hidden behind the ruins of the western court is the temple cemetery, including many stele commemorating the temple's greatest monks. The gravestones are listed as Cultural asset #311.

</doc>
<doc id="21541954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541954" title="Henry Trimen">
Henry Trimen

Henry Trimen (26 October 1843–16 October 1896)
He was born in Paddington, London, England, the son of Richard and Marinne Trimen and the younger brother of entomologist Roland Trimen. He graduated from King's College School, London and from King's College Medical School, Edinburgh, but never practiced medicine. He was the curator of the medical museum at King's College, London, and lecturer on Botany at St Mary's Hospital Medical School from 1867 to 1872. He joined the botanical department of the British Museum in 1869. He was the director of the Royal Botanic Gardens in Ceylon (now the Botanical Garden of Peradeniya, Sri Lanka) for sixteen years. While there, he founded the Museum of Economic Botany and also created subsidiary Gardens at Badulla and Anuradhapura. His major work at this time was "The Flora of Ceylon", which was finished by others after his death.
He became Fellow of the Royal Society in 1888. He was also a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London. He died in Kandy in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="21541964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541964" title="Dick Balderson">
Dick Balderson

Richard Pendleton "Dick" Balderson (born February 7, 1946 in Newport News, Virginia) was a Major League Baseball executive from 1977 to 2002 with several teams.
Balderson pitched in the minor leagues for 8 years (1968-1975), all in the Kansas City Royals organization, reaching AA. His career record was 32-21.
Balderson served as the Assistant Farm Director for the Royals from to . In , he became the Director of Scouting and Player Development with the Royals, a position he held until 1985.
He served as General Manager of the Seattle Mariners from 1986 to 1988. It was then that the team drafted Ken Griffey, Jr. Just days after making one of the best trades in team history, acquiring Jay Buhner from the New York Yankees, Balderson was fired from his post as GM.
Balderson was then the scouting director of the Chicago Cubs in 1989-1990 and director of player development in 1991-1992. He moved to the Colorado Rockies as director of player development from 1993 to 1997 and held the same post with the Atlanta Braves from 2000 to 2002. In 2008, Balderson was a Special Assistant to GM for the Braves. He retired in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21541990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541990" title="Hilborn">
Hilborn

Hilborn can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21541992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21541992" title="Brent Hill (politician)">
Brent Hill (politician)

Brent Hill (born April 23, 1949) is a Republican member of the Idaho State Senate since 2001. He has a degree in accounting from Utah State University.
Early Life and Career.
Brent Hill is a native of Rexburg, Idaho and is married to Julie Ann Slaugh and they are the parents of four sons. Senator Hill is a Certified Public Accountant and Certified Financial Planner with over thirty years experience working with business and agriculture. Born and raised in Idaho, he attended Sugar-Salem Schools and graduated valedictorian from Madison High School. After attending Brigham Young University-Idaho, he graduated as the Outstanding Accounting Graduate from Utah State University in Logan, Utah. He served over twenty years as the Chief Executive Officer of Rudd & Company CPA firm with offices in Rexburg, Idaho Falls and Driggs, Idaho; Bozeman, Helena and West Yellowstone, Montana. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Citizens Community Bank with offices throughout Eastern Idaho. In 2001, Senator Hill was elected to represent Idaho's 34th Legislative District which encompasses Madison and Fremont Counties.
Senate President Pro Tempore.
Senator Hill was elected by his fellow Senators to be the President Pro Tempore in the 61st Idaho Legislature (2010–2012). A President Pro Tempore is the highest office in the Senate. He is a constitutionally recognized officer of the legislative body who presides over the chamber in the absence of the Lieutenant Governor normal. The phrase "pro tempore" means "for the time being".
Committees.
Senator Hill currently serves on the following Legislative Committees:

</doc>
<doc id="21542007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542007" title="Khoms, Libya">
Khoms, Libya

Khoms or Al Khums () is a city and port in Murqub District on the Mediterranean coast of Libya with an estimated population of around 202,000. The population at the 1984 census was 38,174. Between 1983 and 1995 it was the administrative center of the Khoms District.
History.
The city has Phoenician and Roman roots and became the capital of the Roman province of Africa in the reign of Emperor Septimius Severus. Approximately to the east is the ancient Roman city of Leptis Magna.
Transport.
Khoms has a plant for making Concrete sleepers, one of two in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="21542023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542023" title="Two Pin Din">
Two Pin Din

Two Pin Din are a two-piece indie rock band based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, formed in 2005 by musicians Andy Kerr and Wilf Plum, formerly of the bands Nomeansno and Dog Faced Hermans, respectively. Lacking a rhythm section, the band consists of the two members each singing and playing electric guitar. They released their debut album, "In Case of Fire Break Glass", in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21542030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542030" title="Baltimore Orioles (19th century) all-time roster">
Baltimore Orioles (19th century) all-time roster

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21542037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542037" title="Seungjeongwon">
Seungjeongwon

Seungjeongwon was the Royal Secretariat during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392 - 1910) in charge of receiving and delivering the king's order. The office was also called "Jeongwon", "Huwon", "Eundae", or "Daeeonsa". According to the "Gyeongguk daejeon" (Complete Codes of Law), the Seungjeongwon had 6 Royal Secretaries ("Seungji" 承旨), whose ranks were in the 3rd senior grade, as well as two recorders ("juseo" 注書). The duties of the royal secretaries were primarily to deliver the monarch’s orders to government organizations (under the Joseon administrative system the monarch never delivered his orders directly to any government office) and to report on official affairs of the state organizations to the throne. The six secretary system is explained by the fact that the government of Joseon was composed of six Boards (or Ministries). The six secretaries served respectively the Boards of Personnel, War, Taxation, Rites, Works, and Punishment. However, the secretaries were not limited to liaison work between the Six Boards and the monarch; they also reported to the king the business of all government offices, primary among these being the State Council ("Uijeong-bu"), the Office of Censor-General ("Saganwon"), and the Office of Inspector-General ("Saheon-bu"). As the name implies, the primary duty of the recorders was to make a record of all the official business handled by the secretaries. As the work of the secretaries had to be conducted at all hours, and it was required that they have ready access to the monarch at all times, the office the Seungjeongwon was established within easy reach of the king at court. 
The records of the "Seungjeongwon" were compiled into the "Seungjeongwon ilgi" (Diary of the Royal Secretariat), which remains a primary source for the study of the Joseon dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="21542039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542039" title="Balderson">
Balderson

Balderson is a surname that may refer to:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="21542043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542043" title="Ceanothus masonii">
Ceanothus masonii

Ceanothus masonii is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae, known by the common name Mason's ceanothus. It is endemic to Marin County, California, where it is known only from an area near Bolinas on the Point Reyes National Seashore. It grows in the coastal chaparral on the windblown bluffs. 
Description.
This rare shrub grows to heights approaching 2 meters. The evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged and less than 2 centimeters long. They are round to oval in shape and have tiny, sharp teeth along the edges, sometimes spine-tipped. The inflorescence is a small cluster of deep blue to purple flowers. The fruit is a capsule just a few millimeters wide, topped with minute horns. This ceanothus is closely related to "Ceanothus gloriosus", and may in fact be a variety of that species.

</doc>
<doc id="21542046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542046" title="Roskilde Bank">
Roskilde Bank

Roskilde Bank was a local Danish bank. It was based in Roskilde with branches over much of Region Hovedstaden.
Roskilde Bank was founded in 1884 and in 1996 merged with Ringsted Sparekasse. On the 24 August 2008 was acquired by National Bank after running into financial trouble due to the decline of the Danish property market. The Bank is formally listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange, but trading has been suspended. The Bank had approximately 32,000 shareholders. The Bank was, according to Finance Council statement Denmark's 10th largest bank.
Danish National Bank acquires Roskilde Bank.
24 August 2008, the National Bank officially stated that, together with the Private Contingency for Settlement of needy banks, savings and cooperative boxes, had taken over the bank because it was insolvent and could not find a buyer. This was the first time since 1928 that the Danish National bank had taken over another bank.
The loss is assumed to be between £ 3-6 billion, but circulating allegations that the loss in the worst case could amount to 37 billion kroner. The 33000 shareholders also stand to lose their money.
Sale of subsidiaries.
On the 29 September 2008 Roskilde Bank signed agreement for the sale of a total of 21 branches, including 9 branches to Nordea, 7 branches of Spar Nord Bank and 5 branches of Arbejdernes Landsbank.

</doc>
<doc id="21542071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542071" title="Patti Anne Lodge">
Patti Anne Lodge

Patti Anne Lodge (born July 29, 1942) is a Republican Idaho State Senator since December 2000, representing the 13th District since 2002. She is married to Edward Lodge, a United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Idaho and is a mother to three children, Mary-Jeanne, Edward, and Anne-Marie.
Early life & career.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Lodge moved to Idaho at age four, where she attended Boise State University, Idaho State University, Northwest Nazarene University, and the University of Idaho. She received her BA in 1964, at Marylhurst University in Oregon. She has been a consultant at Saint Paul’s School, Our Lady of the Valley since 1999, and president of Wind Ridge Vineyards since 1988. She was previously a media educator at Caldwell School District from 1968 to 1999 and media coordinator at Caldwell School District from 1982 to 1997. She was in the Legislative Council from 2002 to 2006. She is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council, ALEC, serving as Idaho state leader.
Elections.
Returning to District 11, Lodge will face Democrat Victoria Brown (D) in the November 6, 2012 election. Lodge won the May 15, 2012 Republican primary with 3,469 votes (59.8%) against former state Senator Maurice Clements.
Lodge was originally elected in District 11 with 11,556 votes (72.3%) against Dale Wheeler (D) in 2000.
Redistricted to District 13 in 2002, she was re-elected with 8,886 votes (70.0%) against Corrine Tafoya Fisher (D).
Committees.
Lodge serves on the following committees:
Organizations.
Outside of her legislative duties, Lodge has the following positions:

</doc>
<doc id="21542110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542110" title="Evergreen on the Falls">
Evergreen on the Falls

Evergreen on the Falls, also known as the Snyder-Carroll House, is a historic home overlooking the Jones Falls valley and located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, brick mansion in a rural version of the Victorian Italianate style. A serious fire in the early 1970s destroyed the furnishings and most of the interior. It was built about 1860 and was the home of the supervisor of the Mount Vernon Mills, Albert H. Carroll. It is headquarters of the Maryland Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
Evergreen on the Falls was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="21542128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542128" title="Bedwell River">
Bedwell River

The Bedwell River is a river in the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, emptying into Bedwell Sound, which lies to the north of Meares Island, near the tourist town of Tofino. The indigenous name in the Nuu-chah-nulth language is Oinimitis, which is the namesake of the Oinimitis Trail. Oinimitis Indian Reserve No. 4 is located at the mouth of the river. The river was originally designated the Bear River by Captain Richards, but was renamed in 1923 in relation to Bedwell Sound. Locals still call it the Bear River.

</doc>
<doc id="21542132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542132" title="Roig's pericote">
Roig's pericote

Roig's Pericote or Roig's Chaco Mouse ("Andalgalomys roigi") is a species in the family Cricetidae. It may be a subspecies of Olrog's Chaco Mouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21542157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542157" title="Charlie Tumahai">
Charlie Tumahai

Charles Turu Tumahai (Orakei, Auckland, New Zealand 14 January 1949 – 21 December 1995) was a New Zealand singer, bass player and songwriter who was a member of several noted rock groups in New Zealand, Australia and the UK. He is best known internationally as the bassist and vocalist in Bill Nelson's Be-Bop Deluxe. 
He began his music career in New Zealand before moving to Australia in the late 1960s. He was a member of several notable Australian bands including Chain, Healing Force, Friends and Mississippi (which later evolved into Little River Band). Tumahai travelled to the UK with Mississippi in 1974 and remained there when Mississippi broke up. Later that year he joined Be-Bop Deluxe, with whom he played and recorded until 1978. In this year, he joined The Dukes. 
He returned to New Zealand in 1985 and joined the popular New Zealand reggae band Herbs. As well as music he became involved in Maori affairs, working as a voluntary member of a scheme set up to assist young Maori offenders in Auckland. He was also developing plans for an arts programme for Maori prisoners and for exploring new ways he could help young Maori people connect with their culture. He died suddenly on 21 December 1995, aged 46, after suffering a heart attack while working at the Auckland District Court.

</doc>
<doc id="21542158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542158" title="Longenecker">
Longenecker

Longenecker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21542162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542162" title="Amazon Creek">
Amazon Creek

Amazon Creek is a stream that runs through parts of Eugene, Oregon, United States. It is a tributary of the Long Tom River and is Eugene's second-largest waterway after the Willamette River.
Background.
Upon the completion of the Fern Ridge Dam, a diversion canal was constructed to connect the creek with Fern Ridge Reservoir, as a means of controlling floodwaters in the area. Amazon Creek's headwaters are located in Eugene's Southeast hills near Spencer Butte. The stream then travels north to 18th Avenue, then turns west around High Street and continues into the diversion canal and into Fern Ridge Reservoir. The creek continues to the Long Tom River.

</doc>
<doc id="21542163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542163" title="Gallagher Mansion and Outbuilding">
Gallagher Mansion and Outbuilding

Gallagher Mansion and Outbuilding is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was originally built about 1854 as an Italianate villa, and was subsequently enlarged and embellished in the Second Empire style of the later mid century. It features walls built of local rough fieldstone and rubble and a mansard roof covered with decorative slate. The outbuilding is a two story rectangular wood carriage house with a hip roof and cupola.
Gallagher Mansion and Outbuilding was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21542167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542167" title="Mateer Memorial Church">
Mateer Memorial Church

C.S.I. Mateer Memorial Church, started in 1838 in Trivandrum, is one of the oldest congregations in South India
History.
Before the construction of the M.M. Church L.M.S people of Trivandrum worshipped in a Church constructed by the Protestant evangelical trust in the 1830s. Rev. Samuel Sumanam father of Mr. S.I. Sumanam from Paraniyam was working in that Church as an Evangelist from 1878 onwards. The Trivandrum L.M.S. Church became a pastorate in 1895 and Mr. Mathew Kesari, father of Rev. John M. Kesari and grandfather of Rev. J. Eben Kesari was the first Indian to be ordained as the pastor of that Church. Rev. Mathew Kesari retired from service in 1904 when the new Church was still under construction. His son John M. Kesari was the first pastor of the newly constructed Mateer Memorial Church, his period of service being from April 1905 to March, 1913.
Heritage.
The first LMS missionary to South Travancore, William Tobias Ringeltaube arrived in Mylaudy in 1806. His successor Rev. Charles Mead was eager to begin a mission centre in Trivandrum and sought the help of Col. Frazer, the British Resident. The work was later taken up by Mead’s successor, Rev. John Cox who laboured steadily till the Maharaja permitted to start a mission centre at Kannammoola.
On August 5, 1838, the first Protestant Church was built and opened for worship under the initiative of Rev. Charles Mead, Colonel Fraser and Rev. John Cox at Cantonment, Trivandrum. It was meant mainly for the Europeans residing in Trivandrum. Subsequently, Tamil worship and later Malayalam worship for the natives began in that Church. Rev. Samuel Mateer succeeded Rev. John Cox in 1859. Rev. Samuel Mateer was a committed missionary of London Missionary Society who did exemplary and dedicated service for 33 years from 1859 to 1891, in the Trivandrum Mission. Encouraged by Rev. Samuel Mateer, Captain Davidson’s Compound, measuring 16 acres (the present LMS Compound), was bought for Rs. 9000/-.
The idea of constructing a Church was taken up by Rev. Mateer’s successors, Rev. I. H. Hacker, Rev. T. W. Bach, Mr. H. T. Wills and Rev. Arthur Parker. The foundation stone was laid by Stephen Massey, Director of London Missionary Society on 13 December 1897. The construction of the Church began in 1902, based on the design by Mr A. H. Bastow, and it was built in four years with funds donated by many generous people, including the Maharaja of Travancore. The Church was dedicated to the glory of God, on 1 December 1906 and it was named Mateer Memorial Church. Rev. John M. Kesari was its first pastor.
With the formation of the Church of South India (CSI) in 1947, the Mateer Memorial Church became the head station of the South Kerala Diocese and has been one of the proudest landmarks of the capital city.
Architecture.
The architecture is in the simple Hallenkirche (Hall Church) style. The Church building is a marvel in granite, with a square bell tower with a vestibule beneath and a roof supported by Gothic arches. The Celtic cross is made of cut stone, and commemorates Rev. Mateer’s Irish background.
Rev. Samuel Mateer.
Rev. Samuel Mateer was the first missionary who endeavored for the growth of an indigenous Church. He prepared local people for Church ministry and tried to transfer administrative responsibilities to them. It was during his tenure that a number of local people were ordained as ministers.
As far as the diocese is concerned, Rev. Samuel Mateer can be rightly designated as the pioneer of indigenization of the Church. When he arrived there were 25 congregations, 3000 Christians and an annual income of Rs. 800/-. But when he took leave after 33 years, the number of Congregations increased to 56, Christians to 10,060 and annual income to Rs. 3000/-
In 1890, Mrs. Mateer had to return to England owing to ill health. Rev. Samuel Mateer who went to England in 1891 on leave was called to eternal rest on the 24th of December 1893. It was in the same year that the Trivandrum Church was elevated to the position of a pastorate. The Church building constructed in the LMS Compound and dedicated to the loving memory of Rev. Samuel Mateer was opened for divine worship on 1 December 1906, along with the Centenary Celebrations of the London Missionary Society.
Cathedral.
Elevating the Church as Cathedral Church was under Consideration.
The Church Committee.
The Church Committee consist of 12 deacons and 3 pastors. They meet once in a month and take decisions for the day-to-day activities of the Church.
The Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, visited the Church on 24 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21542183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542183" title="Gimme Dat Ding">
Gimme Dat Ding

"Gimme Dat Ding" is a 1970 popular song sung by "one-hit wonder" The Pipkins, written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazlewood. Released as a single, it is the title track of an album by The Pipkins on EMI Columbia. The song also appeared on the compilation of the same name, which The Pipkins shared with another up-and-coming group, The Sweet. It has also been included on many other compilation albums. The song was arranged by Big Jim Sullivan.
Song profile.
"Gimme Dat Ding" is a call-and-response duet between a deep, gravelly voice (Tony Burrows) and a high tenor (Roger Greenaway). (The voices are said to represent a piano and a metronome. The gravelly voice is also thought to be an imitation of a "dirty old man" character (who went by the descriptive name of "Tyrone F. Horneigh") played on a recurring basis by comedian Arte Johnson on the old NBC-TV show "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In") or talked like Popeye the Sailor Man or Wolfman Jack.
Written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazlewood, "Gimme Dat Ding" was one track from their musical sequence "Oliver in the Overworld" which formed part of the British children's show "Little Big Time" hosted by Freddie and the Dreamers; this narrated a surreal story of a little boy seeking the parts to mend his Grandfather Clock. The lyrics of the song relate to this story, the song being sung by a metronome who has been expelled by the Clockwork King; the "ding" has been stolen from the metronome by the "Undercog". The original version of the song as performed by Freddie was released on the album "Oliver in the Overworld" in 1970.
"Gimme Dat Ding" was used (as Gimme Dat Ring) by Coca Cola to advertise their new Ring Pull Cans in the early 1970s. The song reached #7 in Canada.
In Australia versions by Frankie Davidson and Maple Lace were released to compete with the version by the Pipkins.
The tune was one of several used as musical accompaniment to time-lapse slapstick scenes on "The Benny Hill Show", along with "Yakety Sax," "Mah Na Mah Na," and others.
In March 2007, a cover version of "Gimme Dat Ding" received much publicity in Australia when the National Australia Bank used the track as background to its television advertisement for the Australian Rules Football Auskick program for junior footballers. The television advertisement is known as "Kick to Kick" and is available for viewing online It has also featured in the 1990s TV comedy/drama "Ally McBeal".
A live version of "Gimme Dat Ding", performed at the Fremont Town Hall, appears on the album "Shaggs' Own Thing" by The Shaggs (Dorothy, Helen, and Betty Wiggin).
In 2011 the track was used on a commercial for Pukka Pies in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="21542184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542184" title="Great Rollright">
Great Rollright

Great Rollright is a village in the civil parish of Rollright, about north of Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire.
The megalithic Rollright Stones are about west of Great Rollright, near the Warwickshire village of Long Compton.
The Mediaeval Church of England parish church of Saint Andrew has Norman, Early English, Decorated Gothic and Perpendicular Gothic features. St. Andrew's was restored in 1852 under the direction of the Oxford Diocesan Architect, G.E. Street. The church tower has a ring of six bells. St. Andrew's is now part of the Benefice of Hook Norton with Great Rollright, Swerford and Wigginton.
The former Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway, part of the Great Western Railway, was completed in 1881. The line had a small railway station, , south of Great Rollright. British Railways closed the halt in 1951 and the railway in 1964.
Great Rollright has a Church of England primary school.
The village had a pub, The Unicorn Inn, but it ceased trading in the late 1980s. It is currently derelict but it is a listed building and there is a campaign to restore it.
In 2010 Great Rollright also lost its Post Office and now has only a post office van service.

</doc>
<doc id="21542192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542192" title="Marco Terrazzino">
Marco Terrazzino

Marco Terrazzino (born 15 April 1991) is a German footballer of Italian descent.
Career.
Terrazzino began his career with "TSV Neckarau" before moving to VfL Neckarau and subsequently joining the TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in July 2007. He made his debut during the 2008–09 Bundesliga season, in January 2009. In January 2011 he transferred to Karlsruher SC along with Hoffenheim teammate Pascal Groß. On 22 May 2012 he joined the SC Freiburg squad. On 20 June 2014 he joined the VfL Bochum squad.
Statistics.
1 2011–12 includes the 3. Liga/2. Bundesliga promotion/regelation playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="21542225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542225" title="Patrick O'Loughlin">
Patrick O'Loughlin

Patrick Henry O'Loughlin was a 19th-century outfielder who played in Major League Baseball. Sometimes credited as Patrick Loughlin or simply "Loughlin", he appeared in one game at right field for the 1883 Baltimore Orioles of the American Association. In that game, he got two hits in five at bats.

</doc>
<doc id="21542261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542261" title="Frank's Bandstand">
Frank's Bandstand

Frank's Bandstand (1964–65) was the Halifax segment of the "Music Hop" series. Frank Cameron introduced music with regulars Patricia McKinnon, Karen Oxley, D.J. Jeffries and Davie Wells. Brian Ahern was music director and band leader and Manny Pitson was the producer. The music was pre-recorded then performed "live" to video tape from Halifax. Local rock bands had guest shots each week and did two tunes in the show. Bands included the Five Sounds (with Jack Harris), Spring Garden Road, and The Great Scotts. The Axemen and The Brunswick Playboys were also among the frequent guests on this variety show from Halifax. It was well presented and highly anticipated by viewers across the country.
The "Frank" in the title of this Friday-evening Canadian variety show was Frank Cameron, who hosted the proceedings from the CBC's Halifax facilities. Most of the talent showcased herein was native to Nova Scotia, though a few celebrities from the other provinces managed to sneak in from time to time. The series was broadcast nationally from October 2, 1964 to June 25, 1965. Most of the production personnel responsible for Frank's Bandstand were also gainfully employed on another tuneful CBC weekly, "Music Hop".
Broadcast times.
Fri 5:30–6:00 p.m., 2 Oct 1964 – 25 Jun 1965
Content.
Frank Cameron introduced music with regulars Patricia McKinnon, Karen Oxley, D.J. Jefferies and Davie Wells. Brian Ahern was music director/guitarist with the house band, which included Jack Lily on drums, Keith Jollimore on sax, Garth Proud on base. 
Also included in the studio band were Ritchie Oakley, Jimmy White, Bruce Cassidy and Joe Sealy. Also renowned world entertainer Anne Murray was a regular guest, in those days (1965–1966) she taught gym classes in Springhill, Nova Scotia, and would drive to Halifax to tape the shows.

</doc>
<doc id="21542264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542264" title="James E. Hooper House">
James E. Hooper House

James E. Hooper House is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a large Queen Anne style freestanding masonry structure, situated among the buildings of the Old Goucher College Buildings complex. It is a rectangular building with a steeply pitched gable roof, a small, two-story wing extending, and a -story bay window extension, with a small gable roof. There are two stories in the main section of the house, and two more stories in the gable. It is constructed of dark red bricks with terra cotta, brownstone, and granite trim. The exterior features a slate shingle roof, and a square oriel, three bays wide and one bay deep, made of wood, and painted green. The house was constructed in 1886 for James E. Hooper (1839–1908).
James E. Hooper House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 2001, the building was purchased by Morphius Development Consortium, who returned the exterior wood trim to its original green color and restored other various interior features, including multiple pocket doors and hand cut decorative wooden wall panels. The building is currently the headquarters of Morphius Records and Lord Baltimore Recording Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="21542286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542286" title="Paraná Basin">
Paraná Basin

The Paraná Basin is a large sedimentary basin situated in the central-eastern part of South America. About 75% of its areal distribution occurs in Brazil, from Mato Grosso to Rio Grande do Sul states. The remainder area is distributed in eastern Paraguay, northeastern Argentina and northern Uruguay. The shape of the depression is elliptical and covers an area of about . The basin developed during the Paleozoic and the Mesozoic with a sedimentary record comprising rocks from the Ordovician right up to the Cretaceous, thus spanning the time interval between 460 and 66 million years. The maximum thickness of the infill reaches 7,000 m in its central area and is composed of sedimentary and igneous rocks.
The Paraná Basin is a typical intra-cratonic flexural basin, although during the Paleozoic it was a gulf that opened to the southwest. The basin genesis is related to the convergence between the former Gondwana supercontinent and the oceanic crust of the former Panthalassa ocean. The basin formed, at least during the Paleozoic orogenesis of the Gondwanides, a foreland basin.
The Paraná River, from which the Paraná Basin derived its name, flows along the central axis of the Paraná Basin and drains it.
Pioneer studies.
The first study on the Brazilian side of the Paraná Basin dates from 1841, when a Brazilian Imperial Government Mission prospected for coal. Turning point in the basin's geological understanding was the "White Report", published in 1908 by the American geologist Israel C. White, head of the "Comissão de Estudos das Minas de Carvão de Pedra do Brasil" (Commission for Studies on Brazilian Coal Mines). One of the main results of these studies, besides the reconnaissance for coal, was the discovery of Mesosaurus fossils within Permian black shales (Irati Formation), and the Glossopteris flora within the Permian coals. White was one of the first to propose the equivalence between the South American Permian strata and similar rocks of the Karoo Basin in South Africa.
Stratigraphy.
The sedimentary column of the Paraná Basin was divided by Milani, 1997, into six second order allostratigraphic supersequences (in the sense of Vail, 1977). These sequences define the stratigraphic framework of the basin and are bound by distinct depositional hiati, caused by erosive events.
Rio Ivaí Supersequence: The basal supersequence, deposited during the Late Ordovician to Early Silurian, is constituted by three formations: Alto Garças Formation composed mainly of sandstones, Rio Ivaí Formation, represented by glacial Ordovician deposits that affected large areas of Gondwana and the Vila Maria Formation, a thick muddy sequence rich in fossil content: graptolites, trilobites, brachiopods and chitinozoa.
Paraná Supersequence: This Devonian supersequence is represented, at the base, by sheet-like, cross-bedded coarse to medium sandstones of the Furnas Formation and, on top, by a muddy section, rich in macrofossils and forming a potential petroleum source rock, named Ponta Grossa Formation.
Gondwana I Supersequence: The Carboniferous to Early Triassic Gondwana I Supersequence has two distinctive features: 
Finally, during the Late Permian the Irati Formation was laid down, represented by bituminous shale, a potential petroleum source rock, and famous worldwide for its Mesosaurus fauna. The top of this supersequence defines the end of the marine phase.
Gondwana II Supersequence: This Triassic supersequence marks the beginning of continental sedimentation. It bears an important reptile and mammal fauna, that can be correlated to the African continent.
Gondwana III Supersequence: The Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous Gondwana III Supersequence is marked by two major events: 
Bauru Supersequence: A Cretaceous supersequence occurring in the north-central part of the basin and composed mainly of sandy-conglomeratic deposits.
Natural resources.
The main natural resources extracted in Paraná Basin are groundwater, coal and oil shale.
The Guaraní Aquifer is one of the world's largest aquifer systems and an important source of fresh water in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. The lithology of the Aquifer consists mainly of highly permeable sandstones of the Botucatu and Pirambóia formations. The aquifer covers with an estimated volume of about of water.
"Maxakalisaurus".
"Maxakalisaurus" is a genus of titanosaurid dinosaur, found in Brazil, 45 kilometers (28 mi) from the city of Prata, in the state of Minas Gerais in 1998, in rocks belonging to Bauru Group, Bauru Supersequence. The "Maxakalisaurus" fossils belonged to an animal about 13 meters (43.3 ft) long, with an estimated weight of 9 tons, although, according to paleontologist Alexander Kellner, it could reach a length of approximately 20 meters (65 ft). It had a long neck and tail, ridged teeth (unusual among sauropods) and lived about 80 million years ago. "This is the biggest dinosaur yet described in Brazil", said Alexander Kellner, lead author of the scientific description.

</doc>
<doc id="21542288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542288" title="Dean Cameron (politician)">
Dean Cameron (politician)

Dean L. Cameron (born January 20, 1961) is from Rupert, Idaho. He is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate, representing the 27th District consisting of all of Minidoka and Cassia Counties. Dean is married to Linda Lanovara and has three children: Carissa, Laci, and Nathan.
Early life and career.
Cameron achieved his AA in Political Science at Ricks College, Brigham Young University-Idaho in 1984.
In the past, he had worked as an insurance salesman at Rupert Abstract Company and currently it's co-Owner and employed at Cameron & Seamons, INC. 
Cameron has presently been in the Idaho State Senate since 1991. He was a Youth Committeeman of the Republican Party from 1984 to 1988. He was in the Precinct Committee of the Republican Party from 1988 to 1990.
Committees.
Dean is the highest-ranking member of the Idaho Senate. 
He is a member of:
He is Chairman of:
Co-Chair for:
Member and former Chairman of:
Organizations.
A board member of:

</doc>
<doc id="21542291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542291" title="Ryonghungsa">
Ryonghungsa

Ryonghŭng-sa is a Korean Buddhist temple in Ponghung-ri, Yŏnggwang-gun, South Hamgyŏng Province, North Korea. Located on the slopes of Mt. Paegun, the temple was founded in 1048 under the Koryo dynasty and later renovated in 1794 under Joseon. The complex includes the following halls:

</doc>
<doc id="21542314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542314" title="Act anent Peace and War 1703">
Act anent Peace and War 1703

The Act anent Peace and War (Scots "anent" means "about" or "concerning") was an act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in 1703. 
The Act concerned foreign policy and the royal prerogative: it provided that following the death of Queen Anne without direct heirs, no future monarch of Scotland and England could take Scotland to war without the explicit consent of the parliament. 
It was a response to the English Act of Settlement which had made members of the House of Hanover heirs to the throne of England. The Scots, already unhappy with the War of the Spanish Succession, were concerned that rule by Hanoverians would lead to unwelcome Scottish involvement in German and continental wars. Later the same parliament forced royal assent to the Act of Security. The English parliament retaliated with the Alien Act, removing Scottish trading privileges in England.
The conflict between the two parliaments was finally resolved by their merger under the terms of the Acts of Union 1707. The union made the Act anent Peace and War and the Act of Security void, and they were formally repealed in December 1707.

</doc>
<doc id="21542320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542320" title="Jamal al-Din al-Ustadar">
Jamal al-Din al-Ustadar

Jamal al-Din al-Ustadar was an Emir of Nasir al-Din Faraj, the Mamluk sultan of Egypt. He was very influential in his time, including his work on some important building structures in Cairo. He is also a controversial figure, who was removed from his post and executed in 1411.
The Madrasa of Jamal al-Din.
One of Jamal al-Din’s biggest contributions to the Cairo landscape was his role in designing the Madrasa of Jamal al-Din in 1407, an elaborate cruciform madrasa dedicated to all four schools of law. It is located in the al-jamaliyah district of Cairo Egypt, a district whose name comes from him and the architectural influence he had. The design and decoration of this madrasa was quite ornate, as Jamal al-Din took some of the materials from the deteriorating madrasa of al-Ashraf. This was a practice often utilized by Mamluk’s throughout history, perhaps as a cost saving mechanism. The madrasa is in the four-iwan layout, meaning it contains four different hallways, and each hallway faced an open courtyard in the center. It contains all of the features generally found in a religious building, including a bent entryway, a tomb, and an ablution area. However, the building of this madrasa was not without controversy, as it is alleged that Jamal al-Din over-invested materials and capital in order to enhance it and model it after a palace with the intention of retiring in it. He eventually faced public disgrace, and al-Din Faraj executed Jamal al-Din and annulled his transactions that went into making the madrasa in 1411. However, he refrained from tearing it down, and it still stands to this day. The madrasa received earthquake damage in 1992 to go along with centuries of weather and general wear, but it was restored with the help of the Ministry of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="21542330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542330" title="Jane's All the World's Aircraft">
Jane's All the World's Aircraft

Jane's All the World's Aircraft is an aviation annual publication founded by Fred T. Jane in 1909. It is published by Jane's Information Group.
"Jane's All the World's Aircraft" has chronicled a century of ever-accelerating aviation progress and recorded the particulars of an unprecedented number of flying machines, using the widest possible interpretation of that phrase, in the most minute detail. Six editors have overseen the publications coverage of significant aircraft and events of manned flight since the first edition appeared in November 1909 as "All the World's Airships (Aeroplanes and Dirigibles)". This first publication was seen as being ahead of its time but even the skeletal book showed the strength of Fred T Jane's standardised approach to data collection. The first edition even carried a pre-addressed return proforma for aviation pioneers to supply the details of new machines.
Besides listing the different types of aircraft by nationality, the first issues covered aerial societies, journals and flying grounds and cost just 21 shillings (£1.05). Jane himself had a desire to fly and he was nearly killed doing so in 1909 whilst attempting a flight on Dartmoor. His aircraft caught fire, but he merely commented that it would be one less machine to include in his forthcoming work. As with "Jane's Fighting Ships", Jane received extensive help from aviation enthusiasts worldwide, including Louis Blériot, A.V. Roe and Prince Heinrich of Prussia.
Jane censored the 1914 issue, which was published just after the outbreak of the First World War, blacking out whole sections describing British equipment and organisation. He noted in it that, for all practical purposes, aircraft have no more to do with peace than submarines. The work's accuracy helped morale by dispelling alarmist rumours about imminent German air raids, showing that the Germans did not possess anything but the smallest fleet of airships. Respect for the accuracy of "Jane's All the World's Aircraft" transcended political enmities. The Cold War notwithstanding, Soviet authorities supplied Jane's with information. "Mr. Taylor (an Editor for Jane's All the World's Aircraft) did an analysis of the Soviet MIG-29 fighter. Seven years later, a group from Jane's visited the Soviet Union and found that his physical measurements of the plane came within an inch of his earlier projections...And in 1961, the Soviet Union introduced the Tupolev Tu-22 supersonic bomber, and many analysts in the West estimated that it could reach a speed of Mach 2.5. Mr. Taylor, by gauging the air intakes, made a lower estimate — Mach 1.4, which was found to be closer to the actual speed." Such was the technical reference book's reputation that Argentina even provided details of its aircraft during the Falklands War in 1982.
2009 was the 100th year of "Jane's All the World's Aircraft", while 2013 marked the 100th edition - the disparity due to disruptions during the two World Wars.
Editors.
The 1919 edition was edited by C. G. Grey. By 1938, Leonard Bridgman had joined him as editor, and was the main editor of the 1945 edition. In the 1970s and '80's John W. R. Taylor was the chief editor, with Bridgman as assistant editor. Paul Jackson, the current editor, took over as Editor in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21542332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542332" title="Hugglescote">
Hugglescote

Hugglescote is a village on the River Sence in North West Leicestershire, England. The village is about south of the centre of Coalville, and its built-up area is now contiguous with the town.
Hugglescote and Donington le Heath were part of the parish of Ibstock until 1878, when they were formed into a separate civil parish. In 1936 the parish was absorbed by the then urban district of Coalville. The civil parish of Hugglescote and Donington le Heath was reinstated by an order made in May 2010, and the new parish council held its first meeting in May 2011.
Manor.
In 1463 William Beaumont, 2nd Viscount Beaumont held the manors of Donington and Hugglescote. However, in the Wars of the Roses Beaumont had fought for the House of Lancaster so he was attaindered and Edward IV granted Donington and Hugglescote to the Yorkist courtier William Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings.
The Hastings family's manor house has been lost. It had a formal garden in which a red brick building was erected in about 1700 and altered in about 1820. The building survives but part of its stone slate roof has collapsed.
Church and chapels.
Church of England.
There was an old Church of England chapel of ease in Dennis Street which was replaced by a Georgian chapel of Saint James in 1776. Hugglescote's population outgrew the chapel and so the present Church of England parish church of Saint John the Baptist was built on a new site in Grange Road and consecrated in 1879. St. John's is a Gothic Revival building designed by the architect J.B. Everard in an Early English style. The first vicar, Canon H.E. Broughton, was installed in 1878 and died in office in 1924. He is commemorated by a reredos installed in St. John's in 1937 and a nearby road-name, Broughton Street.
St. John's is built largely of local materials: Charnwood granite rubble, Swithland slate, Ibstock brick and Coalville ceramic floor tiles. The nave has five-bay arcades with Shap granite columns and a clerestory with paired lancet windows. St. John's has a transeptal south chapel and a central belltower over the crossing. The building was extended in 1887. The tower has a ring of eight bells, all cast by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough in 1900. St. John's is a Grade II* listed building.
St. John's has an Elizabethan chalice dating from 1575 and a parish chest from the former chapel. The parish registers date from 1564.
St. John's is the largest place of worship in the area, seating some 600 people. It is now part of a combined benefice with the parishes of Ellistown and Snibston.
Methodist.
A Wesleyan chapel in Station Road was completed in 1831 and extended in 1891. It is now Hugglescote Methodist Church.
Baptist.
Hugglescote had a Baptist chapel in Dennis Street. The building is now closed but the Baptist congregation continues to worship in Hugglescote Community Primary School.
Economic and social history.
A few historic cottages survive in Dennis Street. 26 and 28 Dennis Street are two timber-framed cottages, one of which has the date 1583 on a collar beam and thus dates from the period that W.G. Hoskins identified as the Great Rebuilding of England. The gable end has collar and tie beams and queen struts. The building was extended eastwards in 1761. In 1960 Hoskins considered the original part of the building to be the oldest dated cottage in a Leicestershire village.
16 Dennis Street is a timber-framed cottage with brick nogging that was built in the 17th century or earlier and has some alterations from the 19th or late 18th centuries. The staircase is in a semicircular extension at the rear of the cottage. 15 Dennis Street is a cottage built of brick with a Swithland slate roof and the date 1757 on a brick over the front door.
Farmland in the township was enclosed in 1774. In 1945 this estate was sold by Brigadier C.L.O. Tayleur.
By 1848 Donington and Hugglescote had a National School. It moved into a new building completed in 1862, and an infants' school was added in 1883. The 1862 and 1883 buildings are now Hugglescote Community Centre.
Construction of the Ashby and Nuneaton Joint Railway began in 1869 and it opened in 1873. The ANJR had a branch from through Hugglescote to . Hugglescote railway station became a junction in 1883, when the Charnwood Forest Railway opened from here to . The London, Midland and Scottish Railway absorbed both lines in the 1923 grouping and withdrew passenger services from both lines in 1931. Nationalisation in 1948 made the lines part of British Railways, which withdrew freight services from the Charnwood Forest line in 1963 and from the Ashby and Nuneaton line in 1971.
Notable residents.
The Victorian hymnist, Henry Dennis (1818–87) lived in Hugglescote for forty years and is buried in the old Baptist Cemetery off Grange Road: Dennis Street is named after him. In the same cemetery is the tomb of William Stenson (1770–1861), the mining engineer and founder of Whitwick Colliery, who has sometimes been described as "the father of Coalville".
Amenities.
Hugglescote now has a Community Primary School. The buildings of its former National School (see above) are now a community centre.
The village has two public houses: the Castle Inn and the Gate Inn. It has also a working men's club.

</doc>
<doc id="21542338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542338" title="Sharon L. Block">
Sharon L. Block

Sharon L. Block is a member of the Idaho House of Representatives. She has been a member of the Idaho House of Representatives since 2000. She and her husband Bill are the parents of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21542345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542345" title="Whelton">
Whelton

Whelton can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21542347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542347" title="Junge Landsmannschaft Ostdeutschland">
Junge Landsmannschaft Ostdeutschland

Junge Landsmannschaft Ostdeutschland (Youth Landsmanshaft of East Germany - JLO) is a German youth organization, that the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution has categorized as “right-wing extremist”. Most of its activities take place in the eastern parts of Germany. Its regional branch in Saxony organized the annual marches to commemorate the Bombing of Dresden in World War II until 2012. A Bloomberg report claims it has ties to the National Democratic Party of Germany.
In February 2009, the National Democratic Party and the JLO organized a demonstration on the anniversary of the bombing of Dresden in World War II. Approximately 6,000 people took part in the event. On February 13, 2010, as both organizations attempted again to march through Dresden, more than 10.000 counter-demonstrators blocked the participants from marching through the city, and about 6,000 supporters held a rally in a space adjacent to the Dresden-Neustadt train station, surrounded by police blockades. 
In February 2012, with regard to the widespread resistance from other groups to the JLO organized marches in previous years the JLO announced that all marches for that year were cancelled.
It was at one time headed by Bernhard Knapstein, who was in the Hofgeismar Circle,
which is an organization that opposes immigration and 'does not believe in a multicultural society'.
In January 2011, the JLO "Saxony-Silesia" regional branch nominated Alfred-Maurice de Zayas for the Nobel Peace Prize for services rendered to the German expellées.

</doc>
<doc id="21542362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542362" title="Schmemann">
Schmemann

Schmemann can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21542376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542376" title="Leon E. Smith">
Leon E. Smith

Leon E. Smith Jr. (born 1937) is a member of the Idaho House of Representatives. He has served in this position since 1998. Prior to this he was mayor of Twin Falls and a prosecutor for Twin Falls County, Idaho. He has a bachelors degree from Kansas State University and a law degree from Washburn University.
He and his wife Jan are the parents of three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21542378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542378" title="Bedwell Sound">
Bedwell Sound

Bedwell Sound is a sound on the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. It is located in the Clayoquot Sound region to the north of Meares Island and the resort community of Tofino. The Bedwell River, originally the Bear River and called Oinimitis in the Nuu-chah-nulth language, empties into and gets its current name from the Sound. 
Name origin.
The sound was named by Captain Richards for Royal Navy Staff Commander Edward Parker Bedwell, second master aboard HMS "Plumper", 1857-60. Master 1860, and appointed to HMS "Hecate", 1861–62, which vessel relieved the "Plumper" of her surveying duties in December 1860 and which is the namesake of Hecate Strait. His eventual rank at retirement in 1870 was Staff Commander.

</doc>
<doc id="21542384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542384" title="Bob Terlecki">
Bob Terlecki

Robert Joseph "Bob" Terlecki (born February 14, 1945 in Trenton, New Jersey) is a former Major League Baseball player. Terlecki pitched in 9 games for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. He had a 0-0 record in 13.3 innings, with a 4.72 ERA.
Terlecki was signed by the Chicago Cubs as an amateur free agent in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="21542395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542395" title="Southeast, Eugene, Oregon">
Southeast, Eugene, Oregon

Southeast is the southernmost neighborhood of Eugene, Oregon, United States. As defined by the City of Eugene, it encompasses that area bounded by the intersection of Willamette Street and 29th Avenue, east on 29th Avenue to Amazon Parkway, south to East 30th Avenue and the Eugene city limits to the east. From there the boundary follows the city limits to the south. From there the boundary follows the city limits west to the western city limits and thence north until the city limits meet 40th Avenue. From that point the boundary follows 40th Avenue east to an unnamed street, north upon that street to 39th Avenue, east along 39th Avenue to Willamette Street and north on Willamette to 29th Avenue.
Geography.
This diverse area includes schools, businesses, low income housing, old and new developments, and affluent homes. It also includes substantial natural resources, including most of the remaining upland wildlife habitat in the City of Eugene. The area has a textured terrain complemented by gentle hillside neighborhoods, views of Spencer Butte, and picturesque, woodsy settings. First growth, old growth, and established second growth forest, steep slopes, vital headwaters and upland wetlands, resident threatened plants and animals, historical landslides and one or more documented earthquake faults add to the special character of the local landscape.
Recognizing several unique aspects of the neighborhood, the City of Eugene has established special policies and goals for planning and development, through the South Hills Study (1974, adopted as a refinement plan to the regional Metro Plan) and other documents.
Southeast Neighbors.
Southeast Neighbors is the official local neighborhood association representing the Southeast Neighborhood in Eugene, Oregon. Southeast Neighbors is formally recognized by the City of Eugene and the Neighborhood Leaders Council (NLC). Historically active and politically involved, the Southeast Eugene neighborhood includes more than 13,000 residents in some 6,000 households, or roughly 8% of the city of Eugene. 
Southeast Neighbors works together with neighbors, community organizations, schools, local government, care centers, and local businesses to improve the neighborhood. The Board of Directors consists of the President and Vice President and eight (8) additional directors. Directors are elected at the Annual Meeting in May. The neighborhood board has included a wide range of community leaders and volunteers. Kevin Matthews served as board president from 2000-2013. Heather Sielicki was elected in May 2013. 
The neighborhood has been represented on the Eugene City Council by Ward 2 City Councilor Betty Taylor since 1996. 
Organizational Goals.
Current organizational goals include the communication of neighborhood issues and activities through printed and electronic communication, face-to-face public meetings and forums, and social events, facilitating open lines of communication with neighbors, city government and our elected representatives, and improving quality of life by developing a sense of neighborhood pride and advocacy. 

</doc>
<doc id="21542397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542397" title="39th Ohio Infantry">
39th Ohio Infantry

The 39th Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 39th OVI) was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
The 39th Ohio Infantry was organized at Camp Colerain and Camp Dennison near Cincinnati, Ohio July 31 through August 13, 1861 and mustered in for three years service under the command of Colonel John Groesbeck.
The regiment was attached to Army of the West and Department of the Missouri to February 1862. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, Army of the Mississippi, to April 1862. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, Army of the Mississippi, to November 1862. 1st Brigade, 8th Division, Left Wing, XIII Corps, Department of the Tennessee, to December 1862. 1st Brigade, 8th Division, XVI Corps, to March 1863. 4th Brigade, District of Corinth, Mississippi, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to May 1863. 3rd Brigade, District of Memphis, Tennessee, 5th Division, XVI Corps, to November 1863. Fuller's Brigade, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to January 1864. 1st Brigade, 4th Division, XVI Corps, to September 1864. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, XVII Corps, to July 1865.
The 39th Ohio Infantry mustered out of service at Louisville, Kentucky on July 9, 1865.
Detailed service.
Left Ohio for St. Louis, Mo., August 18, then moved to Medon September 6 (9 companies). (Company K served detached at St. Louis, Mo., September 1861 to February 1862.) Companies A, B, E, and I on duty at St. Joseph, Mo., guarding Northern Missouri Railroad September 1861 to February 1862. Companies C, D, F, G, and H marched to relief of Lexington, Mo., September 12–20; then to Kansas City September 21–22. Fremont's advance on Springfield, Mo., October 15-November 2, 1861. March to Sedalia November 9–17. Duty at Sedalia and Syracuse, Mo., until February 1862. Action at Shanghai December 1, 1861. Moved to St. Louis, Mo., February 2, 1862, then to Commerce, Mo., February 22–24. Siege operations against New Madrid, Mo., March 3–14. Siege and capture of Island No. 10, Mississippi River, and pursuit to Tiptonville March 15-April 8. Expedition to Fort Pillow, Tenn., April 13–17. Moved to Hamburg Landing, Tenn., April 18–22. Action at Monterey April 29. Advance on and siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Reconnaissance toward Corinth May 8. Near Corinth May 24. Occupation of Corinth and pursuit to Booneville May 30-June 12. Duty at Clear Creek until August 29. Battle of Iuka, Miss., September 19. Battle of Corinth, Miss., October 3–4. Pursuit to Ripley October 5–12. Grant's Central Mississippi Campaign November 2, 1862 to January 12, 1863. Expedition to Jackson December 18. Action at Parker's Cross Roads December 30. Red Mound or Parker's Cross Roads December 31. Duty at Corinth until April 1863. Dodge's Expedition to northern Alabama April 15-May 8. Rock Cut, near Tuscumbia, April 22. Tuscumbia April 23. Town Creek April 28. Duty at Memphis, Tenn., until October, and at Prospect, Tenn., until February 1864. Reenlisted at Prospect December 26, 1863. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8, 1864. Demonstrations on Resaca May 8–13. Sugar Valley, near Resaca, May 9. Near Resaca May 13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Advance on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Ruff's Mills July 3–4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Monteith Swamp December 9. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Reconnaissance to the Salkehatchie River, S.C., January 20. Skirmishes at Rivers and Broxton Bridges, Salkehatchie River, February 2. Action at Rivers Bridge, Salkehatchie River, February 3. Binnaker's Bridge, South Edisto River, February 9. Orangeburg, North Edisto River, February 12–13. Columbia February 16–17. Juniper Creek, near Cheraw, March 3. Battle of Bentonville, N.C., March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro and Raleigh, Bennett's House, April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June. 
Casualties.
The regiment lost a total of 196 men during service; 2 officers and 62 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 3 officers and 129 enlisted men died of disease.

</doc>
<doc id="21542417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542417" title="Scott Bedke">
Scott Bedke

Scott C. Bedke (born April 27, 1958 in Twin Falls, Idaho) is an American politician and a member of the Idaho House of Representatives representing District 27 in the A seat since 2002.He is married and has four children and four grandchildren. Bedke grew up in Oakley, Idaho. 
In December 2012 Bedke defeated fellow Republican Lawerence Denney to become Speaker of the Idaho House of Representatives.
In January 2014 Bedke planned to propose legislation that would eliminate the grocery tax credit and lower state income tax.
Bedke is a Latter-day Saint. He served a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1977-1979 in Italy.
Education.
Bedke earned his BS in finance from Brigham Young University.

</doc>
<doc id="21542422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542422" title="1997 Games of the Small States of Europe">
1997 Games of the Small States of Europe

The VI Games of the Small States of Europe were held in 1997 by Iceland.
Medal table.
Final Table:

</doc>
<doc id="21542452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542452" title="Consensus clustering">
Consensus clustering

Clustering is the assignment of objects into groups (called "clusters") so that objects from the same cluster are more similar to each other than objects from different clusters. Often similarity is assessed according to a distance measure. Clustering is a common technique for statistical data analysis, which is used in many fields, including machine learning, data mining, pattern recognition, image analysis and bioinformatics.
Consensus clustering has emerged as an important elaboration of the classical clustering problem. Consensus clustering, also called aggregation of clustering (or partitions), refers to the situation in which a number of different (input) clusterings have been obtained for a particular dataset and it is desired to find a single (consensus) clustering which is a better fit in some sense than the existing clusterings. Consensus clustering is thus the problem of reconciling clustering information about the same data set coming from different sources or from different runs of the same algorithm. When cast as an optimization problem, consensus clustering is known as median partition, and has been shown to be NP-complete. Consensus clustering for unsupervised learning is analogous to ensemble learning in supervised learning.
Justification for using consensus clustering.
There are potential shortcomings for all existing clustering techniques. This may cause interpretation of results to become difficult, especially when there is no knowledge about the number of clusters. Clustering methods are also very sensitive to the initial clustering settings, which can cause non-significant data to be amplified in non-reiterative methods. An extremely important issue in cluster analysis is the validation of the clustering results, that is, how to gain confidence about the significance of the clusters provided by the clustering technique (cluster numbers and cluster assignments). Lacking an external objective criterion (the equivalent of a known class label in supervised analysis), this validation becomes somewhat elusive.
Iterative descent clustering methods, such as the SOM and "K"-means clustering circumvent some of the shortcomings of Hierarchical clustering by providing for univocally defined clusters and cluster boundaries. Consensus clustering provides a method that represents the consensus across multiple runs of a clustering algorithm, to determine the number of clusters in the data, and to assess the stability of the discovered clusters. The method can also be used to represent the consensus over multiple runs of a clustering algorithm with random restart (such as K-means, model-based Bayesian clustering, SOM, etc.), so as to account for its sensitivity to the initial conditions. It can provide data for a visualization tool to inspect cluster number, membership, and boundaries. However, they lack the intuitive and visual appeal of Hierarchical clustering dendrograms, and the number of clusters must be chosen a priori.
Over-interpretation potential of consensus clustering.
Consensus clustering can be a powerful tool for identifying clusters, but it needs to be applied with caution. It has been shown that consensus clustering is able to claim apparent stability of chance partitioning of null datasets drawn from a unimodal distribution, and thus has the potential to lead to over-interpretation of cluster stability in a real study. If clusters are not well separated, consensus clustering could lead one to conclude apparent 
structure when there is none, or declare cluster stability when it is subtle. To reduce the false positive potential in clustering samples (observations), Şenbabaoğlu "et al" recommends (1) doing a formal test of cluster strength using simulated unimodal data with the same feature-space correlation structure as in the empirical data, (2) not relying solely on the consensus matrix heatmap to declare the existence of clusters, or to estimate optimal K, (3) applying the proportion of ambiguous clustering (PAC) as a simple yet powerful method to infer optimal K.
PAC: In the CDF curve of a consensus matrix, the lower left portion represents sample pairs rarely clustered together, the upper right portion represents those almost always clustered together, whereas the middle segment represent those with ambiguous assignments in different clustering runs. The "proportion of ambiguous clustering" (PAC) measure quantifies this middle segment; and is defined as the fraction of sample pairs with consensus indices falling in the interval (u1, u2) ∈ 1 where u1 is a value close to 0 and u2 is a value close to 1 (for instance u1=0.1 and u2=0.9). A low value of PAC indicates a flat middle segment, and a low rate of discordant assignments across permuted clustering runs. We can therefore infer the optimal number of clusters by the K value having the lowest PAC.
In simulated datasets with known number of clusters, consensus clustering+PAC has been shown to perform better than several other commonly used methods such as consensus clustering+Δ(K), CLEST, GAP, and silhouette width.
Related work.
1. Clustering ensemble (Strehl and Ghosh): They considered various formulations for the problem, most of which reduce the problem to a hyper-graph partitioning problem. In one of their formulations they considered the same graph as in the correlation clustering problem. The solution they proposed is to compute the best "k"-partition of the graph, which does not take into account the penalty for merging two nodes that are far apart.
2. Clustering aggregation (Fern and Brodley): They applied the clustering aggregation idea to a collection of soft clusterings they obtained by random projections. They used an agglomerative algorithm and did not penalize for merging dissimilar nodes.
3. Fred and Jain: They proposed to use a single linkage algorithm to combine multiple runs of the "k"-means algorithm.
4. Dana Cristofor and Dan Simovici: They observed the connection between clustering aggregation and clustering of categorical data. They proposed information theoretic distance measures, and they propose genetic algorithms for finding the best aggregation solution.
5. Topchy et al.: They defined clustering aggregation as a maximum likelihood estimation problem, and they proposed an EM algorithm for finding the consensus clustering.
6. Abu-Jamous et al.: They proposed their binarization of consensus partition matrices (Bi-CoPaM) method to enhance ensemble clustering in two major aspects. The first is to consider clustering the same set of objects by various clustering methods as well as by considering their features measured in multiple datasets; this seems perfectly relevant in the context of microarray gene expression clustering, which is the context they initially proposed the method in. The second aspect is the format of the final result; based on the consistency of inclusion of a data object in the same cluster by the multiple single clustering results, they allowed any single data object to have any of the three eventualities; to be exclusively assigned to one and only one cluster, to be unassigned from all clusters, or to be simultaneously assigned to multiple clusters at the same time. They made it possible to produce, in a perfectly tunable way, wide overlapping clusters, tight specific clusters, as well as complementary clusters. Therefore, they proposed their work as a new paradigm of clustering rather than merely a new ensemble clustering method.
Hard ensemble clustering.
This approach by "Strehl" and "Ghosh" introduces the problem of combining multiple partitionings of a set of objects into a single consolidated clustering without accessing the features or algorithms that determined these partitionings. They discuss three approaches towards solving this problem to obtain high quality consensus functions. Their techniques have low computational costs and this makes it feasible to evaluate each of the techniques discussed below and arrive at the best solution by comparing the results against the objective function.
Efficient consensus functions.
1. Cluster-based similarity partitioning algorithm (CSPA)
In CSPA the similarity between two data-points is defined to be directly proportional to number of constituent clusterings of the ensemble in which they are clustered together. The intuition is that the more similar two data-points are the higher is the chance that constituent clusterings will place them in the same cluster. CSPA is the simplest heuristic, but its computational and storage complexity are both quadratic in "n". The following two methods are computationally less expensive:
2. Hyper-graph partitioning algorithm (HGPA)
The HGPA algorithm takes a very different approach to finding the consensus clustering than the previous method. 
The cluster ensemble problem is formulated as partitioning the hypergraph by cutting a minimal number of hyperedges. They make use of hMETIS which is a hypergraph partitioning package system.
3. Meta-clustering algorithm (MCLA)
The meta-cLustering algorithm (MCLA) is based on clustering clusters. 
First, it tries to solve the cluster correspondence problem and then uses voting to place data-points into the final consensus clusters. The cluster correspondence problem is solved by grouping the clusters identified in the individual clusterings of the ensemble. 
The clustering is performed using METIS and Spectral clustering.
Soft clustering ensembles.
"Punera" and "Ghosh" extended the idea of hard clustering ensembles to the soft clustering scenario. Each instance in a soft ensemble is represented by a concatenation of "r" posterior membership probability distributions obtained from the constituent clustering algorithms. We can define a distance measure between two instances using the Kullback–Leibler (KL) divergence, which calculates the “distance” between two probability distributions.
1. sCSPA
sCSPA extends CSPA by calculating a similarity matrix. Each object is visualized as a point in dimensional space, with each dimension corresponding to probability of its belonging to a cluster. This technique first transforms the objects into a label-space and then interprets the dot product between the vectors representing the objects as their similarity.
2. sMCLA
sMCLA extends MCLA by accepting soft clusterings as input. sMCLA’s working can be divided into the following steps:
3. sHBGF
HBGF represents the ensemble as a bipartite graph with clusters and instances as nodes, and edges between the instances and the clusters they belong to. This approach can be trivially adapted to consider soft ensembles since the graph partitioning algorithm METIS accepts weights on the edges of the graph to be partitioned. In sHBGF, the graph has "n" + "t" vertices, where t is the total number of underlying clusters.
Tunable-tightness partitions.
In this different form of clustering, each data object is allowed to be exclusively assigned to one and only one cluster, to be unassigned from all clusters, or to be simultaneously assigned to multiple clusters, in a completely tunable way. In some applications like gene clustering, this matches the biological reality that many of the genes considered for clustering in a particular gene discovery study might be irrelevant to the case of study in hand and should be ideally not assigned to any of the output clusters, moreover, any single gene can be participating in multiple processes and would be useful to be included in multiple clusters simultaneously. This has been proposed in the recent method of the binarization of consensus partition matrices (Bi-CoPaM) and is being used currently in the field of bioinformatics.

</doc>
<doc id="21542458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542458" title="John Dandridge">
John Dandridge

Colonel John Dandridge of Chestnut Grove (13/14 July 1700 – 31 August 1756) was a distinguished colonel, planter, and Clerk of the Courts of New Kent County, Virginia from 1730 to 1756. Dandridge is best known as the father of the first First Lady of the United States Martha Washington, wife of George Washington, the first president of the United States.
Early life.
Born on 13 July 1700 in England, Dandridge was the youngest son of John Dandridge (Oxford, Oxfordshire, April 29, 1655 - Oxford, Oxfordshire, 1731), and wife (m. St. Mary Magdalen, London, 1676) Bridget Dugdale (Oxford, Oxfordshire, c. 1656 - 1731); paternal grandson of William Dandridge (Drayton St. Leonard, Oxfordshire, England, 30 January 1612 - Dorchester Abbey, Dorchester On Thames, England, July 1693) and wife; and great-grandson of Bartholomew Dandridge (England, c. 1580 - Drayton St. Leonard, Oxfordshire, England, 21 September 1638) and wife (m. England, 10 May 1604) Agnes Wilder (c. 1585 - c. 1650). He immigrated to Virginia at the age of 14 in 1715.
Marriage and children.
Dandridge married Frances Orlando Jones, daughter of Orlando Jones and Martha West Macon, on 22 July 1730 in New Kent County, Virginia. John and Frances had eight children:
Career and residences.
Upon their marriage in 1730, John and Frances moved to their new home on the banks of the Pamunkey River in New Kent County, Virginia, Chestnut Grove. John became Clerk of Courts in New Kent County and kept that position for the next 26 years. He was also vestryman and churchwarden for St. Peter's Church. John was a prominent planter, and a colonel in his military district.
John's older brother, William Dandridge (1689–1743), lived on the opposite bank of the river with his wife Unity West Dandridge, daughter of Nathaniel West and wife Martha Woodard Macon, at their estate, Elsing Green, in King William County. Chestnut Grove burned down in 1926, but its former site was only four miles from the location of the current county court house for New Kent.
Along with Chestnut Grove in New Kent, John and Frances also owned a house in Williamsburg and visited there frequently.
Later life.
Dandridge died on 31 August 1756 at the age of 56 in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Dandridge is interred at St. George's Episcopal Church burial ground in Fredericksburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21542508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542508" title="Florida Gators women's gymnastics">
Florida Gators women's gymnastics

The Florida Gators women's gymnastics team represents the University of Florida in the sport of gymnastics. The team competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Gators host their home matches in the O'Connell Center on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus, and are currently led by head coach Rhonda Faehn. In the forty-year history of the Gators women's gymnastics program, the team has won nine SEC championships and the 1982 AIAW national tournament championship. In 2013, the program won its first national title. It then defended its title, winning its second national championship in 2014.
History.
The University of Florida first fielded a women's varsity gymnastics team in the fall of 1973. Gymnastics was one of the first women's sports added at the University of Florida and achieved early success by winning the 1982 AIAW national championship. Since the NCAA assumed sponsorship for women's sports championships in 1982, Florida has advanced to the NCAA national championship tournament (top twelve teams nationally) thirty times, and has only failed to qualify for the national championship once since 1982. The Gators have advanced to the "Super Six" finals of the NCAA championship eighteen times. Florida has placed second in the NCAA national championship tournament twice, finishing as the runner-up in 1998 and 2012 and won back to back titles in 2013 and 2014.
Ernestine Weaver was the head coach of the Gators gymnastics program from 1980 to 1992, and she was responsible for much of the team's early success in SEC and NCAA competition. Under Weaver, the Gators won five SEC tournament championships, won the AIAW national championship in 1982, and appeared in thirteen consecutive NCAA national championship tournaments; Gators gymnasts won five AIAW and NCAA individual national championships. Judi Markell succeeded Weaver as head coach in 1993, and her teams qualified for nine NCAA national championship tournaments in ten seasons, including three Super Six appearances, and a second-place finish in 1998; Markell's Gators won three NCAA individual national championships.
The Gators have been coached by Rhonda Faehn since 2003, and have won four SEC tournament championships, and appeared in the NCAA national championship tournament twelve consecutive times under Faehn, including nine Super Six appearances, a national runner-up performance in 2012, and back-to-back national championships in 2013 and 2014. The 2014 ncaa championship team also scored the highest total ever at a ncaa championship with a 198.175. Rhonda's gators have won seven NCAA individual national championships. Marissa King won the vault title in 2011, Kytra Hunter won the all-around and vault title in 2012, Alaina Johnson won the bar title in 2013 and Bridget Sloan won the all around and beam title in 2013 and the bar title in 2014.
The Gators' major national rivals include the Georgia Gym Dogs of the University of Georgia and the Alabama Crimson Tide gymnastics team of the University of Alabama. Both Alabama and Georgia are fellow SEC members.
Individual national champions.
Nine Florida Gators gymnasts have won a total of fifteen individual national college championships, including Ann Woods (1982 AIAW all-around, floor exercise, uneven bars), Lynn McDonnell (1982 AIAW balance beam), Maria Anz (1984 NCAA floor exercise), Susan Hines (1997 NCAA vault; 1998 NCAA vault), Betsy Hamm (1998 NCAA balance beam), Marissa King (2011 NCAA vault), and Kytra Hunter (2012 NCAA all-around, vault), Alaina Johnson (2013 NCAA Bars), Bridget Sloan (2013 NCAA all-around, beam and 2014 NCAA Bars)
Current Roster (2014).
Below is a roster of gymnasts on the team for the 2013-14 season.
Future recruits.
These are gymnasts that have committed to Florida and hence will be competing in future years.
2014-2015 Commits
2015-2016 Commits
2016-2017 Commits
All-American selections.
Through the 2011–12 season, forty-nine Florida Gators gymnasts have earned 108 first-team All-American honors and seventy-one second-team honors (# of honors not updated for 2013).
Second-team All-American honors are designated with an asterisk (*).

</doc>
<doc id="21542534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542534" title="Ayana (short story)">
Ayana (short story)

"Ayana" is a short story by Stephen King that was originally published in the Fall 2007 issue of "The Paris Review", and later included in King's collection "Just After Sunset" in November of 2008.
Plot summary.
A man recounts his father's battle with pancreatic cancer in 1982, culminating in the intervention of a blind seven-year-old girl named Ayana. After being kissed by the mysterious child (similar to John Coffey in "The Green Mile"), "Doc" Gentry makes a miraculous recovery from the edge of death, and the narrator discovers that his own part in the working of miracles is only beginning. Over the following decades, he describes visits from a man who delivers him to others in need of their own miracles.

</doc>
<doc id="21542536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542536" title="Todd Walker (photographer)">
Todd Walker (photographer)

Todd Walker (1917 – 13 September 1998) was an American photographer, printmaker and creator of artists' books who is known for his manipulated images and for his use of offset lithography to produce individual prints and limited-edition books of his work.
Early life.
Walker was born in Utah and grew up in Los Angeles. His father died when he was 14, and he struggled to find a place to belong in life. As a teenager he earned money painting backdrops on movie sets, and he learned to study tonalities when called upon to paint the faux finish on the fireplace in the movie "Citizen Kane" so it would render properly in black-and-white. He also used this time to learn about color mixing by combining leftover paints at the end of the day to create new hues.
Early photographic career.
Walker began to learn photography some time in the late 1930s, and after World War II he established a commercial photography studio in Los Angeles. Through most of the 1950s he was in high demand for his creative advertising work that featured striking visual images and intense colors. During this time he began creating a series of highly distinctive nudes that used the Sabattier effect to meld form and surface together. He also spent much time studying the traditional collotype printing process, and he was the most prominent of a new breed of photographers who helped revive the popularity of this process.
Thumbprint Press.
In 1964 his wife gave him a small offset press, and he began to create and publish small editions of books using photolithography to reproduce his own works. He set up his own printing house, the Thumbprint Press, at a time when there was no desktop publishing. His involvement led him to explore the chemistry and mechanics of the offset process in detail, and he experimented at length by doing such things as changing the patterns of the printing dots and overprinting images with multiple colors to achieve extraordinary saturation. He was known to have used as many as 35 colors on one image in a medium that traditionally used a standard set of only four colors.
Teaching career and colleagues.
Walker began teaching at the Art Center College of Design in Los Angeles in 1966. His interest in creative photographic processes brought him to the attention of Robert Heinecken and Robert W. Fichter at UCLA, and the three co-taught classes for a brief time. In 1970 Walker accepted a one-year teaching position at the University of Florida. There he worked with photographers Jerry Uelsmann and Douglas Prince as well as printmaker Ken Kerslake, who was at that time using photo-etching techniques in intaglio printmaking. Walker taught a photo-printmaking class and a silkscreen class. In an interview in the late 1970s Walker said, "The contact with the ideas of the printmaker have greatly altered my attitudes toward photography, and how each discipline deals with an image." Seven years later he moved to Tucson and taught at the University of Arizona before retiring in 1985.
Late digital work.
While in Arizona, Walker began working with some of the first Apple computers, and he used his technical skills to create some early 3-D images of his work and to create a book in which the text was mostly generated by the computer ("Enthusiasm Strengthens", 1987). According to his daughter, Walker never used Photoshop or other commercial imaging software. He wrote his own computer programs and later made use of software primarily designed for cartography. With these techniques he was able to create digital works that blurred, inverted and obscured the original image, making it into an expressive rather than detailed representation of reality.
Walker died of cancer in 1998.
External links.
Todd Walker website - http://toddwalkerartist.com/

</doc>
<doc id="21542540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542540" title="St. James Anglican Church (Newport Beach)">
St. James Anglican Church (Newport Beach)

St. James Anglican Church is a parish church in Newport Beach, California in the Diocese of Western Anglicans of the Anglican Church in North America. Since 2004, the church has received national attention over its legal case against the Episcopal Church, of which it was formerly a part, after it withdrawing from it and joining another Anglican province.
History.
Episcopalian origins.
St. James was formed when the first Episcopal services were held in the Newport Harbor area, shortly after World War I. In 1941, the church was founded as a diocesan mission and in 1946 it was officially received as an Episcopal parish. Over the next three decades, the church grew and operated as an average Episcopal church. However, in 1974, the first charismatic Faith Alive service was held at St. James which was part of what is now known as the Convergence Movement. This eventually led to the three-pronged Sunday worship model, consisting of Rite I (traditional worship), Rite II (contemporary worship), and Charismatic, which continues to uniquely characterize St. James today.
Starting with the leadership of Fr. David Anderson in the 1990s, the church began to play an important role in the conservative wing of the Episcopal Church. In 1996, new administration, fellowship and education facilities were completed and in 2001, a new sanctuary was completed. In 2002, Anderson retired and currently serves as Rector Emeritus. He was succeeded by Rev. Praveen Bunyan in 2003.
Realignment and property disputes.
Years of conflict over doctrinal and ideological differences with the Episcopal Church had led to a tense and frayed relationship. Under Bunyan's leadership, steps to disassociate with the Episcopal Church were initiated as a result of controversial decisions made at the General Convention in the summer of 2003, most notably, the confirmation of the first openly gay Episcopal bishop, Gene Robinson. In August 2004, this decision, along with other theological differences, led the rector, wardens, and vestry to vote overwhelmingly to disaffiliate with the Episcopal Church and to affiliate with the conservative Anglican Church of Uganda. A parish vote also supported the decision. St. James was soon joined in secession by All Saints Church in Long Beach and St. David's Church in North Hollywood. All three churches were then sued for their property by the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles and the national Episcopal Church.
In January 2006, an Orange County Superior Court judge threw the lawsuit out, claiming that the Episcopal Church had no standing to bring their suit against St. James or the other two churches. However, in June 2007, a California appellate court reversed the decision. This led to St. James appealing the decision to the California Supreme Court, where it was widely-believed that the church would win, since there was no precedence in California history for a denomination confiscating the property of a local church which held the deed. In April 2007, Bunyan resigned following allegations of inappropriate attention directed towards a female parishioner and was succeeded by an English native, the Rev. Richard Crocker, in November 2008.
In January 2009, in an unexpected decision, the California Supreme Court ruled against St. James. The court stated that while the church held the deed to the multi-million dollar property, because it was founded as an Episcopal Church, it could not take the property with it when it seceded. St. James is currently considering taking its case back to the trial court level and possibly an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In May 2013, Judge Kim G. Dunning reaffirmed her May 1 order to return the property to the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles.
Rick Warren, pastor of Saddleback Church, sent a letter to " Christianity Today" magazine offering the campus of his Lake Forest, California megachurch to St. James to use if they are forced to vacate their Newport Beach property. Rev. Crocker responded to Warren's offer with the following, "We are overwhelmed by his generosity. It is an encouraging sign of support from Christians in the community."

</doc>
<doc id="21542566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542566" title="Manwoldae">
Manwoldae

Manwŏldae Palace was the official royal palace of the Goryeo Dynasty. Located in the ancient capital city of Kaesŏng, the palace was completely destroyed during the Red Turbans invasions of Korea during the 14th century. 
History.
Construction on the palace began in 919, at the beginning of the Goryo dynasty; it was built south of the Songak Mountains for good Feng Shui. The palace was divided into two major sections; the "Kungsŏng" (궁성, 宮城), where the king and royal family resided, and the "Hwangsŏng" (황성, 皇城), where affairs of state were conducted. Large buildings such as the "Changhwa" (장화전, 長和殿), and "Wŏndŏk" (원덕전, 元德殿) Halls contained shrines and living quarters, while "Hoegyŏng Hall" (회경전, 會慶殿), the largest and most impressive, contained the throne room. The complex also contained a stone astronomy tower known as the "Chŏmsŏngdae" (첨성대, 瞻星臺), which was used by royal astrologers. The palace was burned to the ground in 1361 when the Red Turbans invasions of Korea, sacking the city of Kaesong and forcing the king to temporary flee Andong. Contemporary records describe the palace to as containing buildings of immense proportions similar to the building sizes found in the Forbidden City. The architectural style and decoration is said to have followed the uniquely Korean royal color palate called Dancheong which is seen in other Korean palaces that still stand today. However, Mandoldae Palace is described to have contained many multistory buildings, more gold embellishments, blue and white as compared to the surviving Korean Palaces from Korea's more recent Confucian Joeson Dynasty, which stressed humility and restrain in all things. Therefore Mandoldae gives us valuable insight into another distinct form of Korean palace architecture that had been forgotten due to foreign invasions and presently the location of these palace sites in the secluded Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea. 
Excavation.
Excavation of the ruins of Manwoldae Palace began under the supervision of the North Korean government, but merged into a joint Korean cultural project. Many valuable relics of the late Goryeo period have been uncovered at the site, including ceramics, metal items, ancestral tablets, mirrors, and over 3,000 roofing tiles. It is on a list of locations planned by North Korea to become UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

</doc>
<doc id="21542583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542583" title="Responsible house">
Responsible house

In parliamentary systems of government with multicameral legislatures, the responsible house is the legislative chamber to which the government of the day is accountable (or "responsible", the origin of the term). A government remains in power as long as it retains the confidence of the responsible house.

</doc>
<doc id="21542599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542599" title="Harmon Wages">
Harmon Wages

Harmon Leon Wages (born May 18, 1946) is a former American college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons during the 1960s and 1970s. He played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the Atlanta Falcons of the NFL.
Early years.
Wages was born in Jacksonville, Florida in 1946. He attended Robert E. Lee High School in Jacksonville, where he was a standout quarterback for the Lee Generals high school football team. In two years as the Generals' starting quarterback, Wages led his team to 8–2 and 7–3 records. After rushing for nearly 900 yards as a senior, he was named to the all-city and all-state teams.
College career.
Wages received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he was a quarterback for coach Ray Graves' Florida Gators football team from 1965 to 1967. He was a backup behind Steve Spurrier in 1965 and 1966, and was the periodic starter as a senior in 1967. Wages graduated from Florida with a bachelor's degree in business administration in 1969.
Professional career.
Wages was an undrafted free agent in 1968 when the Atlanta Falcons signed him, and he played for the Falcons from to and again in . He was the Falcons' second-string halfback and third-string quarterback. With an injury to the Falcons' starting halfback, Wages began to see playing time. In a single game against the New Orleans Saints played on December 7, 1969, he ran for a 66-yard touchdown, caught an 88-yard reception for a second touchdown, and threw a 16-yard pass for a third touchdown, and the Falcons defeated the Saints 45–17. The three-touchdown day by a single player—one rushing, one receiving and one passing—is one of only seven such "hat trick" performances in the history of the NFL.
Wages finished his five-year NFL career with 332 carries for 1,321 yards and five touchdowns, eighty-five receptions for 765 yards and five touchdowns, and three pass completions in four attempts for fifty yards and a single touchdown.
Life after football.
Wages became a sportscaster for WAGA-TV, at the time the CBS television network affiliate in Atlanta, Georgia, and then WXIA-TV, the Atlanta affiliate of NBC. He developed a reputation and earned a nickname "Charmin' Harmon" for dating high-profile Atlanta women, including television reporter Deborah Norville; Norville ended their five-year relationship in 1984 when he was charged with cocaine-related offenses. Wages was convicted in Federal court in Atlanta for misdemeanor possession of cocaine in 1985, and spent three months in prison. He returned to sports broadcasting at WTLV-TV, the NBC affiliate in Jacksonville, Florida, and WGNX-TV in Atlanta.
Wages currently serves as an advisory member of the board of directors of the Police Athletic League of Jacksonville.

</doc>
<doc id="21542603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542603" title="Peter Lange-Müller">
Peter Lange-Müller

Peter Erasmus Lange-Müller (1 December 1850 – 26 February 1926) was a Danish composer and pianist. His compositional style was influenced by Danish folk music and by the work of Robert Schumann; Johannes Brahms; and his Danish countrymen, including J.P.E. Hartmann.
Early years.
Lange-Müller was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark to an affluent family with a background in politics. He spent his childhood painting, reading poetry, and studying music with prominent teachers, including G. Matthison-Hansen. Poor health prevented him from attending school until 1871, when he entered conservatory to study composition. After a year, however, his father decided that he should follow his professional path and enrolled him in Copenhagen University to study political science. He was not suited for a life in politics though, and by 1874 he had become fully immersed in his compositional career. It was at this time that he and several colleagues founded Copenhagen's Concert Society.
Middle years.
For the next quarter of a century, Lange-Müller produced a huge quantity of music, comprising some seventy-seven opus numbers. And, for several years, he conducted the Concert Society he helped to establish. However, he suffered from severe migraines (later linked to chronic eye disease), which made working at length very difficult for him. Therefore, what he could compose quickly tends to display the best of his compositional skill. Accordingly, his songs for unaccompanied voice and small chamber pieces are his most popular works. They also comprise the bulk of his musical output. Of his larger works, he completed two symphonies, a violin concerto, and an orchestral suite (In the Alhambra) which are still widely performed today. In 1892, he married Ruth Block, with whom he had three children.
Late years.
After 1900, Lange-Müller composed very little. He spent most of his time in his secluded home in Sophienberg, entertaining his grandchildren. He died on 26 February 1926, four days after a serious street accident in Copenhagen.
List of Works (incomplete).
 Clock signals to the Copenhagen Town Hall (1905)
 Summer night at the Sound (band)
 In Memorian (Orchestra 1914)
 Lamentazione (Orchestra 1914)

</doc>
<doc id="21542604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542604" title="Beechwood Park, Nova Scotia">
Beechwood Park, Nova Scotia

Beechwood Park is a Residential subdivision in Fairview on Mainland Halifax within the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia on the shore of the Bedford Basin in Halifax Harbour .

</doc>
<doc id="21542618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542618" title="Barbara Stuart">
Barbara Stuart

Barbara Ann Stuart (née McNeese; January 3, 1930 – May 15, 2011) was an American actress.
Major roles.
Stuart portrayed "Miss Bunny", the girlfriend of Sergeant Vincent Carter, played by Frank Sutton, on three seasons of CBS's "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C."
In 1969, Stuart was cast as "Wilma Winslow" on CBS's "The Queen and I". In 1985, she was cast as Marianne Danzig, the wife of a Mafia godfather in the ABC's crime drama "Our Family Honor", both in the television movie and the short-lived series of the same name. Between 1959 and 1961, she appeared in four episodes of the NBC crime drama "The Lawless Years", starring James Gregory and Robert Karnes ("The Marie Walters Story", "The Maxey Gorman Story", "The Billy Boy 'Rockabye' Creel Story", and "Ginny"). She also appeared as "Alice" in nine episodes of the another CBS sitcom, "Pete and Gladys", starring Harry Morgan and Cara Williams. In 1976 she played McLean Stevenson's wife on the short-lived NBC sitcom, "The McLean Stevenson Show".
Early years.
Stuart was born in Paris, the seat of Edgar County in eastern Illinois. She attended the Schuster-Martin School of Drama in Cincinnati, Ohio, which was founded by an aunt of the actor Tyrone Power. Thereafter she studied in New York City under Stella Adler, having modeled to pay for her acting lessons. She was invited to join the national tour of Zero Mostel's "Lunatics and Lovers". Her first television role was as Bessie, the secretary, on the 1955 syndicated series "The Great Gildersleeve", starring Willard Waterman and based on the "Fibber McGee and Molly" radio program.
She guest starred in numerous television series, including two Rod Cameron syndicated crime dramas, "State Trooper" and "COronado 9". She appeared in three episodes of
the television crime drama "Peter Gunn". She appeared as Mrs. Bugsy McKenna in the episode "Bugsy" of the CBS crime drama "Mr. Lucky", with John Vivyan, who had also appeared on "The Lawless Years".
Western roles.
In 1960, Stuart appeared as the legendary gambler Poker Alice in three episodes of the CBS-Desilu western series "The Texan", starring Rory Calhoun.
In 1959, she appeared as Belle in "The Magic Box" of the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Colt .45," starring Wayde Preston. She appeared in the episode with Vaughn Taylor as Oliver Pate and Dan Sheridan as Babcock.
Stuart also appeared in two other ABC/WB series, "Sugarfoot" and "Lawman". Her other western roles were on "Sheriff of Cochise", "Jefferson Drum", "Outlaws", "Riverboat", "Frontier Circus", "Two Faces West", "Rawhide" (1963 episode "Incident of the Wild Deuces"), "The Wide Country", "Alias Smith and Jones", "Destry", "Kung Fu", and "Tales of Wells Fargo". She later appeared as Lil Kane in the 1967 episode "Sister Death" of the ABC television series "The Iron Horse".
Drama roles.
Stuart guest starred as Edith in Rod Serling's "The Twilight Zone" in the 1960 episode "A Thing About Machines". In 1961 she made two appearances on "Perry Mason": Violet Ryder in "The Case of the Guilty Clients," and Maizie Freitag in "The Case of the Brazen Bequest." She appeared in various other dramatic series, including "M Squad", "The Untouchables", "Markham", "The Blue Angels", "87th Precinct", "Adventures in Paradise", "The Eleventh Hour", "Sam Benedict", "Arrest and Trial", "77 Sunset Strip", "Hawaiian Eye", "Surfside 6", "Banyon", "Banacek", "The Rookies", "Barnaby Jones", "Cannon", "Batman", "T.H.E. Cat", "Starsky and Hutch", "Trapper John, M.D.", and "Quincy M.E.".
Additional sitcom roles.
Stuart played comedy roles on such television sitcoms as "December Bride", "The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show", "The Dick Van Dyke Show", "The Bill Dana Show", "The Joey Bishop Show", "The Cara Williams Show", "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", "The Andy Griffith Show", "Mister Roberts", "The Farmer's Daughter", "Three's Company", "Taxi", and "Love, American Style". She also played with The Three Stooges.
Later years.
Later years saw her appear in guest roles on "Hotel", "Simon and Simon", "Highway to Heaven", "L.A. Law", and "Nash Bridges". Stuart's last role was as "Alice" in five episodes of Showtime's "Huff".
She appeared in such motion picture feature films as "Airplane!", "Dreamer", "Marines, Let's Go" and "Hellfighters". She played Tom Hanks' character's increasingly appalled mother-in-law-to-be in 1984's "Bachelor Party".
Family.
Stuart was divorced from actor Dick Gautier; she had three stepchildren by this marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="21542629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542629" title="Maurice Smith (American football)">
Maurice Smith (American football)

Maurice 'Moe' Eugene Smith (born February 14, 1977) is a former professional American football player who played running back for three seasons in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons and Green Bay Packers. An undrafted free agent in 2000 out of North Carolina A&T State University, he negotiated and signed his own initial NFL contract over a span of five hours, ultimately receiving the highest signing bonus of all undrafted signees.

</doc>
<doc id="21542640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542640" title="Jason Brookins">
Jason Brookins

Jason Arnaz Brookins (born January 5, 1976 in Mexico, Missouri) is a former professional American football running back who played one season for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. He played college football at Lane College in Jackson, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="21542666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542666" title="Yeosu–Suncheon Rebellion">
Yeosu–Suncheon Rebellion

The Yeosu–Suncheon Rebellion, also known as the Yeo-Sun incident, was an October 1948 rebellion that took place in Yeosu, Suncheon, and surrounding towns, South Jeolla against the fledgling South Korean Syngman Rhee government largely cued by that government's suppression of the Jeju Uprising and refusal of Yeosu soldiers to help suppress the rebellion. In Yeosu, the rebelling South Korean soldiers seized weapons and took control of the town. The residents paraded through the town holding red flags. They restored the town people's committee, and tried and executed a number of police, officials, and landlords. The rebelling soldiers increased between 2,000 and 3,000, and massacred rights families and Christian youth. After one week the South Korean army overwhelmed the rebels. The matter was reviewed by the South Korean Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which found that government forces killed between 439 and 2000 area civilians. U.S. forces played a role in suppressing the rebellion: U.S. commanders planned and directed the military operations, U.S. military advisors accompanied all ROK units, and U.S. aircraft were used to transport troops.
Park Chung-hee, who would later become the president of Korea, participated in the rebellion. It is alleged, however, that he was punished leniently in exchange for agreeing to hunt down those involved.

</doc>
<doc id="21542671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542671" title="Bridgeview, Nova Scotia">
Bridgeview, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21542675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542675" title="Vernon Turner">
Vernon Turner

Vernon Turner (born January 6, 1967) is a former American college and professional football player who was a running back, wide receiver and return specialist in the National Football League (NFL) and NFL Europe League (NFLE) for eight seasons during the 1990s. Turner played college football for Carson–Newman College, and then professionally for the Buffalo Bills, Los Angeles Rams, Detroit Lions and Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL. He concluded his career with the Frankfurt Galaxy and Scottish Claymores in NFLE.
Early life and college career.
Born in Bedford–Stuyvesant, a neighborhood in the central portion of the New York City borough of Brooklyn, Turner is the oldest of five children, with two brothers and two sisters. Turner was part of three of those championships when the Eagles won the title in 1986, 1988, and 1989. As a junior in 1988, he led the team in rushing with 1,257 yards on 232 carries, and in scoring with 96 points. During the championship game in December 1988, the running back helped to lead Carson–Newman to a 56–17 victory over Adams State University of Colorado while rushing for 189 yards and three touchdowns. He scored his first six points on an 80-yards run in the game's first play from scrimmage. His performance earned him offensive player of the game honors. Despite concluding his senior campaign only second in rushing yards to teammate Robert Thomas, he was selected to the first team All-South Atlantic Conference in 1989. That year, Turner ran for 869 yards and 12 touchdowns, and also returned 10 kickoffs for 263 yards, including one for 73 yards. He made his last appearance for Carson–Newman during the national championship game on December 16 when the team defeated Emporia State University of Kansas 34–20, marking the Eagles' third title in four years. The New York native finished his collegiate career ranked second in school history with 569 rushing attempts, and fourth with 2,851 rushing yards and 28 rushing touchdowns.
Professional career.
After going unselected in the 1990 NFL Draft, Turner signed as a free agent with the Denver Broncos.
Post-football career.
Since retiring from football, Turner has pursued business interests. He owned an office furniture installation business in North Carolina, moved into the tire manufacturing business, and currently works in the oil refining industry in Houston, Texas.<ref name="SILive 04/19"/>
Turner also published his autobiography titled "The Next Level: A Game I Had To Play" in 2012.<ref name="SILive 04/19"/>

</doc>
<doc id="21542678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542678" title="List of former Jews">
List of former Jews

List of former Jews, or more accurately, people of Jewish ethnicity and adherents of Judaism who have converted to another religion. According to certain concepts of Jewish being (cf. who is a Jew?), a Jew who converts to another religion is still "a Jew," by family and heritage alone, if not also by culture, and to a certain extent, belief (cf. monotheism).
Undetermined.
These individuals have left the Jewish faith for an undetermined ideology.

</doc>
<doc id="21542700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542700" title="2009 French Caribbean general strikes">
2009 French Caribbean general strikes

The 2009 French Caribbean general strikes began in the French overseas region of Guadeloupe on 20 January 2009, and spread to neighbouring Martinique on 5 February 2009. Both islands are located in the Lesser Antilles of the Caribbean. The general strikes began over the cost of living, the prices of basic commodities, including fuel and food, and demands for an increase in the monthly salaries of low income workers. Stores and gas stations in the private sector, and public sector services including education, public transportation, and sanitation, were temporarily closed in Guadeloupe and Martinique due to the strikes. The strikes ended when the French government agreed to raise the salaries of the lowest paid by €200 and acceded to the strikers' top 20 demands.
The strikes exposed deep ethnic, racial, and class tensions and disparities within Guadeloupe and Martinique and devastated the tourism industry of both islands during the high season. The islands were believed to have lost millions of dollars in tourism revenue due to cancelled vacations and closed hotels. Guadeloupe and Martinique had the second and third highest unemployment rates in the European Union as of 2007, according to Eurostat.
Background of the strikes.
Residents of Guadeloupe and Martinique, whose economies are dependent on tourism, have a very high cost of living. Many residents feel their salaries are not keeping up with the rising cost of food, utilities and other necessities. The prices of basic commodities and food staples are much higher in Guadeloupe and Martinique than in metropolitan France. These high prices are due to the higher costs of importing products into the islands. The average salary in Guadeloupe, the cause of the first general strike, is lower than in mainland France while the unemployment and poverty rates on both islands are double those found in metropolitan France. Both islands are supported by subsidies from metropolitan France.
Four French overseas territories had the highest unemployment rates in the European Union in 2007 – Réunion, Guadeloupe, Martinique, and French Guiana. Guadeloupe also has the highest youth unemployment rate in the European Union, with 55.7% in the 15-to-24-years age group unemployed.
The structure of the economy of the French Caribbean, a legacy of the colonial era, complicated the 2009 crisis. Most of Guadeloupe's and Martinique's largest land and business assets are still controlled by the "békés", the ethnically French, white European descendants of the islands' settlers. The békés' ancestors had been the islands' colonists and slave holders. The majority of the Guadeloupean and Martiniquean populations, who are of African or mixed race descent, live in comparative (to the békés) poverty. For example, the békés of Martinique comprise just 1% of the island's 401,000 population, yet they control most of the island's industries.
The residents of both Guadeloupe and Martinique are considered to be full French citizens. The Euro is the official currency on both islands. The government and day-to-day decisions affecting both islands are made in Paris, located thousands of miles away. Working families, especially lower-income families, have complained that it is difficult to pay for basic necessities due to the high cost of living. 70% of residents in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe's largest city, currently reside in public housing.
The islands are also afflicted by a number of other societal problems. The homicide rate in Guadeloupe is four times higher than that of mainland France. Protesters in Guadeloupe and Martinique accused the French government of ignoring their economic and political concerns in the face of the looming global financial crisis of 2008–2009.
Guadeloupe.
The protests initially began in Guadeloupe on 20 January 2009. An umbrella group of approximately fifty labour union and other associations known in the local Antillean Creole as the Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon (LKP) called for a €200 (US$260) monthly pay increase for the island's low income workers. The protesters proposed that authorities "lower business taxes as a top up to company finances" to pay for the €200 pay raises. Employers and business leaders in Guadeloupe said that they could not afford the salary increase.
Approximately 50,000 Guadeloupeans were reported to have taken part in the demonstrations. The Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon (LKP), which launched the protests, is also known as the ""Stand up against exploitation"" in English or the ""Collectif contre l'exploitation outrancière"" in French.
The government of France sent the Junior Minister of Overseas France Yves Jégo to Guadeloupe to negotiate with disgruntled employees and protesters. He proposed a deal to increase the salaries of 45,000 Guadeloupean workers by about $300. However, Jégo triggered much criticism among Guadeloupean strikers when he suddenly returned to Paris on Monday 9 February for a crisis meeting with French Prime Minister François Fillon.
Jégo's departure for the meeting in Paris with Prime Minister Fillon and other ministers was denounced by union leaders as a sign of "contempt" for LKP and their supporters during a time of crisis. Demonstrations erupted across Guadeloupe in response to Jégo's trip to France. More than 10,000 people marched in Pointe-à-Pitre, the largest city in Guadeloupe, while an additional 1,500 protesters gathered in Basse-Terre, the capital city. Protesters chanted, "la Gwadloup se tan nou, la Gwadloup a pa ta yo, yo peke fe sa yo vle an peyi an nou", which translates to "Guadeloupe is ours, it is not theirs, they will not do what they want in our country." Demonstrators forced the closure of local stores and businesses in those cities. However, the stores reopened as soon as the protesters passed by.
Jégo returned to Guadeloupe (and Martinique) later in the week, but Guadeloupean protesters remained angered by his perceived slight. A leader of the LKP, Élie Domota, told France Inter radio that, "The mediators have nothing new to tell us. They came supposedly to bring the parties closer together but they know nothing about the situation here. We are saying that the state has to help small Guadeloupe businesses to develop, to have access to bank credits, and also to pay for our wage increases." Jégo's original proposal, which would have increased the salaries of at least 45,000 workers by nearly US$300 per month, quickly fell apart. The unions demanded that the government alleviate extra cost by slashing payroll taxes. The French government flatly rejected the idea of cutting payroll taxes. The LKP thus suspended negotiations with mediators on Thursday 12 February 2009.
George Pau-Langevin, a French Socialist MP who was born in Guadeloupe but represents a portion of Paris, said that Guadeloupeans were not just protesting low incomes, but also "the indecent profits of big fuel and import-export companies." Guadeloupean deputy Victorin Lurel denounced the high price of fuel on the island as a "scandal."
The main shipping container terminal at the port in Pointe-à-Pitre was closed and barricaded by protesters. Most Guadeloupean banks, schools, and government offices remained closed throughout the duration of the strike. All of Guadeloupe's 115 gas stations were closed in response to the strike. The strikes resulted in sporadic power outages and limited running water as utility workers walked off their jobs to join the protests. Supermarkets remained closed, and food imports were halted.
The strikes hit at the height of Guadeloupe's main tourism season. Guadeloupe depends on tourists, especially from France, for a significant portion of its economic income. Several hotels closed temporarily and charter flights from France and other parts of the Caribbean were canceled. Club Méditerranée, known more widely as Club Med, closed its main hotel on Guadeloupe in late January. Thousands of French tourists canceled their vacations to Guadeloupe as a result of the strike.
Escalation.
After four weeks, the general strike on Guadeloupe escalated into rioting on Monday, February 16, 2009. Protesters clashed in several municipalities across the island, including the largest city, Pointe-à-Pitre, and the northern town of Sainte-Rose. 
Guadeloupe's main airport, Pointe-à-Pitre International Airport, was closed because debris was thrown on the runway, causing American Airlines to cancel all flights. Cars and trees were set on fire in the centre of Pointe-à-Pitre. A group of about sixty protesters clashed with two squadrons of police, who responded by firing tear gas. Police arrested approximately fifty people after protesters threw stones at them as the police tried to remove makeshift barricades in Pointe-à-Pitre. Most of those who were detained were later released after large crowds gathered outside the city's main police station. Protesters wearing hooded sweatshirts burned pallets and trashcans to block roads around the southern town of Le Gosier. Victorin Lurel, the Socialist leader of the Regional Council of Guadeloupe, described the situation on Guadeloupe as "on the verge of revolt." French Interior Minister Michèle Alliot-Marie called for "calm, responsibility and restraint."
Armed "youths" manning a makeshift roadblock shot and killed a local union representative in the city of Pointe-à-Pitre just after midnight on Wednesday, February 18, 2009. The victim, Jacques Bino, a 50-year-old tax agent and union member who was returning home from protests elsewhere, was the first person killed during the strike. Bino's car was hit three times by 12-gauge Brenneke-style shotgun slugs. Several police officers were also injured in the overnight violence. Unions leading the strikes called for a deescalation of violence on the island. Elie Domota, a leader of the LKP, told protesters, "Don't put your life in danger – don't endanger the lives of others." 
The situation across the island continued to deteriorate throughout the day on Wednesday, February 18. The mayor of Pointe-à-Pitre, Jacques Bangou, reported that three policemen were wounded by gunfire in the Cite Henri IV section of the city. Police fired tear gas to break up rioters, but Mayor Bangou told the AFP that there were still "exchanges of gunfire" in the neighborhood. A correspondent for AFP reported hearing more "blasts" in the city just before 0400 GMT on Wednesday. Elsewhere, looters attacked a shopping center and ransacked a perfumery and a tire store. A number of police officers were also injured when a group of up to 100 youths "rampaged" though the commercial district of Destrelland in the town of Baie-Mahault and fired guns at police, according to Baie-Mahault's mayor, Ary Chalus. 
More than 500 French police officers arrived in Guadeloupe on February 19 in an attempt to quell the ongoing violence following Bino's death. The deployment occurred after a third straight night of violence. Dozens of police officers landed in the southern town of Sainte-Anne, Guadeloupe, where protesting youths stormed and occupied the town's city hall. Sainte-Anne Mayor Richard Yacou said that the city hall was not damaged, but nearby businesses in the town were looted and burned. Rioter also fired weapons at police and burned at least five stores and restaurants in Le Gosier. Police dismantled the barricades leading to the main airport, which allowed tourists to leave the island.
Negotiations resume.
Victorin Lurel, the president of Guadeloupe's regional council, demanded that the French government stop the violence and address underlying tensions. In response to the riots, President Nicolas Sarkozy announced a meeting of the elected leaders of the French overseas territories "to respond to the anxiety, the worry and a certain form of despair of our compatriots overseas." 
On February 19, it was reported that the French government had offered to increase low earners' income by almost €200, in line with unions' demands. Negotiations between the government and the LKP were suspended on Friday, February 25, partially in response to the funeral of Jacques Bino over the weekend. Talks resumed the following Monday. Representatives of the LKP met with French officials and business leaders in the city of Pointe-à-Pitre. Outside hundreds of demonstrators gathered, chanting, "We’re here to negotiate" and "Guadeloupe belongs to us, it's not theirs."
Martinique.
The strike spread to neighbouring Martinique beginning on 5 February 2009. Protesters paralysed Martinique's capital city, Fort-de-France. An estimated 11,000 people had taken part in the demonstrations on Martinique in the first seven days of the strike, according to the local police. Martiniquean unions disagreed with the estimates, arguing that the protesters had numbered at least 25,000 individuals. Demonstrators carried pro-trade union signs and wore red shirts, representing the official color of the local unions.
Protesters in Martinique demanded a monthly salary increase of nearly US$580 for all workers earning minimum wage on the island. They also called for a reduction in monthly electricity and water bills for Martinique residents.
Government and transportation leaders reportedly agreed to reduce freight costs. In response, business leaders on Martinique agreed to lower the prices of 100 basic products, including food, by 20%.
Martiniquean residents were reportedly shopping only at small, family-run grocery stores, as most large stores remained closed during the protests. Demonstrators were reported to have stormed most major chain supermarkets and forced them to close. Gas stations, which were closed in response to the strike, were serving only medical and emergency workers. 
Colonel François-Xavier Bourges, the police chief of Martinique, said that ten people had been arrested for stealing gasoline or looting. France deployed 130 riot police from mainland France to Martinique on 12 February 2009, to "ensure that order is maintained."
The tourism industry on Martinique grew increasingly impatient with the strikers and the lack of basic services. Benoit Le Cesne, the president of Martinique's hotel association, expressed concern over the potential negative effects on the tourism industry, "There are basically no more supplies, neither of gas nor food, and laundry services are no longer operating. If this continues, professionals will no longer be able to guarantee services promised to tourists." Unlike in Guadeloupe, the Club Med Buccaneer's Creek resort in Martinique remained open through the strike.
On Monday, February 16, protesters allowed 28 of Martinique's 85 gas stations to reopen and be resupplied. Residents and tourists lined up for hours to fill their cars' gas tanks. However, all small businesses who had reopened over the weekend were forced to close again. Protesters also blocked industrial areas of the island and the city centre in Fort-de-France. 
On Thursday, February 20, 2009, Fort-de-France Mayor Serge Letchimy announced the cancellation of Martinique's annual four-day Carnival citing the ongoing general strike and the death of union activist Jacques Bino on neighboring Guadeloupe. Martinican police had criticized Letchimy's decision to hold the Carnival, saying that they did not have enough time to prepare due to the strike. The Carnival would have begun on February 22. The annual carnival usually attracts 50,000 people to Fort-de-France. It was the first time in history that the festival had been cancelled.
Martiniquan racial tensions.
The protests in Martinique began to take on racial and class undertones due to the economic stresses. The békés, descendants of French European settlers, continue to hold most of the island's industrial capacity.
Racial tensions rose during the first week of February after an hour long documentary, entitled "The last masters of Martinique" ("Les derniers maîtres de la Martinique" in French), was broadcast on a French television channel. The premise of the documentary was that the ethnically white French community had continued to dominate Martinique's economy throughout its history. Tensions were especially inflamed when a French businessman, Alain Huygues-Despointes, was quoted as saying that historians should explore "the positive aspects of slavery" and that Martinique's mixed-race families lacked "harmony." Following those statements, Martinique's Prefect Ange Mancini, who had been renting a home from Huygues-Despointes, announced that he had terminated a lease agreement with Huygues-Despointes and had moved to a new residence. The French government announced that it would open a criminal investigation into Huygues-Despointes following his controversial remarks.
On Friday 13 February 2009, approximately 2,000 protesters marched while chanting slogans against Martinique's béké minority. The marchers, who were predominantly of the African majority descent, chanted, "Martinique is ours, not theirs!"
French government reaction.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy did not mention those events in his one hour and a half television talk of 5 February 2009. He acknowledged later the grievances of the strikers in his first remarks on the crisis, "There cannot be a two-speed society in which one part gets richer while the other stagnates and depends on benefits."
Sarkozy ordered the government on 13 February 2009, to begin a review of France's policies towards its overseas territories. Sarkozy simultaneously announced the creation of a new government council to review policy toward all French overseas territories, a promise he had made during the presidential campaign of 2007. He called for a "distribution of riches" (i.e. distribution of wealth) to alleviate the societal and economic ills afflicting Guadeloupe and Martinique. French government ministers were asked to propose new long-term measures intended to modernise and stimulate the economies of both islands. Sarkozy suggested that the government may open up the islands' economies to more economic competition, but did not appear to strongly support the wage increases demanded by protesters, saying "We should beware of false good ideas for a short-term end to the conflict.
Sarkozy sought to reassure residents that the government was not ignoring their concerns, saying "Guadeloupe and Martinique are part of France" and that the islands' residents "have the sentiment that they are not always heard. We should continue to fight, every day, so that the country makes a larger place for those who represent the diversity of France."
Ending the strikes: the Jacques Bino Accord.
The strikes ended on March 4, 2009, when the French government agreed to raise the salaries of the lowest paid by €200 and granted the LKP their top 20 demands. The agreement was named the "Jacques Bino Accord" to commemorate the union activist killed during the strike. According to the Australian "Green Left Weekly", 30,000 people marched through the streets of Pointe-à-Pitre on March 7 to celebrate the victory.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited Martinique and Guadeloupe in June 2009, as part of an effort to heal the rifts caused by the strikes. While ruling out full independence, which he said was desired neither by France nor by Martinique, Sarkozy offered Martiniquans a referendum on the island's future status and degree of autonomy. 
During his visit to Guadeloupe, Sarkozy likewise asserted that "Guadeloupe is French, and will remain French." LKP representatives refused to meet him. LKP calls for anti-Sarkozy demonstrations met with little response, with no more than 1,000 people attending.
Other French protests.
A coalition of labour unions in Réunion, a French overseas region in the Indian Ocean located thousands of miles from Guadeloupe and Martinique, announced their own general strike scheduled for 5 March 2009, in support of the Caribbean strikes. An alliance of unions in French Guiana, which is located in South America, also threatened to strike, saying their workers suffered the same low wages and low quality of life as those in Guadeloupe and Martinique.
Martine Aubry, the leader of the French Socialist Party, warned of the risk that the protests could spread further to mainland France in an interview with "Le Parisien". Following the settlement ending the strikes, trade unions in the French mainland were reported to "have rejected the idea of trying to bring about in mainland France what has happened in Guadeloupe". Far-left leader Olivier Besancenot, however, was happy to cite the strikes in Guadeloupe as an inspiration and "an example to reflect on and follow".

</doc>
<doc id="21542702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542702" title="Wilmont Perry">
Wilmont Perry

Wilmont Darnell Perry (born February 25, 1975) is a professional American football player who currently plays for the Cape Fear Heroes.
He also played running back for two seasons for the New Orleans Saints in 1998 and 1999. He played college football from 1994 to 1998 at Livingstone College in Salisbury, North Carolina. He was nominated to the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association All-Conference teams in his junior and senior seasons. Perry also played in the Arena Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21542710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542710" title="1924 Akron Pros season">
1924 Akron Pros season

The 1924 Akron Pros season was their fifth in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–6, winning two games. They tied for thirteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21542713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542713" title="Jerald Moore">
Jerald Moore

Jerald Christopher Moore (born November 20, 1974 in Houston, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints and the St. Louis Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="21542719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542719" title="Convoy Place, Nova Scotia">
Convoy Place, Nova Scotia

Convoy Place is a residential neighbourhood in Halifax on the Halifax Peninsula within the Halifax Regional Municipality of Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="21542727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542727" title="James Fenderson">
James Fenderson

James Ernestwayne Fenderson, Jr. (born October 24, 1976 in Long Beach, California) is a former professional American football running back for three seasons for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21542733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542733" title="Marvel Try-out Book">
Marvel Try-out Book

The Official Marvel Comics Try-Out Book is an oversize book originally published by Marvel Comics in 1983. Conceived by then-Editor-in-Chief Jim Shooter, the book was in the form of a contest encouraging up-and-coming comics creators to try their hand at getting a job with the company. The winner would be awarded a professional assignment with Marvel.
The book described the respective jobs and accompanying tools of a writer, penciller, inker, letterer, and colorist, and then provided pages ready for the hopeful cartoonist to work on. An unfinished Spider-Man story (titled "Personals") was the springboard for the try-out portion, which among other features contained blank, pre-ruled pages for pencilers, pre-penciled "non-photo blue" pages (by artist John Romita, Jr.) to be inked and lettered, and completed black-and-white pages to be colored. The entire book was printed on two-ply 11" x 17" paper, replicating the size that a typical comic book was drawn on.
Publication history.
Though the book was published in 1983, the contest winners were not announced until 1986. The initial winners were:
For their outstanding entries, the winners received a commemorative certificate. They were also promised "their first regular professional assignment, which will be finishing the Spider-Man story 'Personals' which was begun in the "Try-Out Book". The result of their labors will be published next spring in a special giant-sized issue of "The Amazing Spider-Man"." That promised issue never was published. However, artist Bagley is now a well-known penciller who would go on to have an extended run on The Amazing Spider-Man in the 1990s and then "Ultimate Spider-Man" with Brian Michael Bendis in the 2000s. Inker Hazlewood has had a steady career, ironically mostly for DC Comics, since the late 1980s. Duffie and Pasda have yet to see their work in print.
1996 edition.
In 1996 a new edition of "The Marvel Try-Out Book" was released, edited by Marvel Submissions Editor John Lewandowski and featuring an introduction by Bagley. "The New Official Marvel Try-Out Book" #2 maintains the same overall format as the original, but features an X-Men story drawn by Andy Kubert. In addition, the new version take into account advances in computer technology in the production of comics. Other changes include fewer pencilled pages to ink over than in the original book, which are printed in black ink rather than "non-photo blue." (This means inkers must use tracing paper rather than being able to ink directly on the art.)

</doc>
<doc id="21542738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542738" title="Roger King">
Roger King

Roger King is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21542749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542749" title="Wedgewood, Nova Scotia">
Wedgewood, Nova Scotia

Wedgewood, Nova Scotia is a residential neighbourhood in Halifax on the Mainland Halifax within the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia .

</doc>
<doc id="21542750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542750" title="Derrick Clark">
Derrick Clark

Derrick Lee Clark (born May 4, 1971 in Apopka, Florida) is a former professional American football running back who played for the Denver Broncos, Rhein Fire and Orlando Rage.
Professional career.
1994.
Clark was signed by the Denver Broncos of the National Football League as an undrafted free agent on May 4, 1994. He played in all 16 regular season games, starting four at fullback. Clark rushed for 168 yards on 56 carries and scored three touchdowns. He also had nine receptions for 47 yards.
1996.
The Denver Broncos re-signed Clark in February 1996 and allocated him to the World League of American Football, where he played for the Rhein Fire. He was the teams' leading rusher with 84 runs for 399 yards and three touchdowns. He also had 37 receptions for 229 yards. Following the WLAF season Clark returned to Denver, but was released during the preseason on August 18.

</doc>
<doc id="21542767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542767" title="Mark Dubowitz">
Mark Dubowitz

Mark Dubowitz is the executive director of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. He is a Canadian national.
Early Life and Education.
Dubowitz was born in South Africa and raised in Toronto. He studied at the University of Western Ontario and McGill University.
Dubowitz received a master's degree in international public policy from Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies.
Career.
Dubowitz is currently Executive Director of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.

</doc>
<doc id="21542769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542769" title="Schenley Industries">
Schenley Industries

Schenley was a liquor company based out of New York, N.Y. with headquarters in the Empire State Building and a distillery in Lawrenceburg, Indiana. It owned several brands of Bourbon whiskey, including Schenley, The Old Quaker Company, Golden Wedding Rye, and possibly others; they also owned a controlling interest in Blatz beer. They also made a Canadian whisky called Schenley Reserve aka Schenley Black Label. It was the only liquor available to submarine officers at Midway in World War II, where it was held in low regard and known as "Schenley's Black Death".
Schenley was acquired by the financier Meshulam Riklis in 1968. He sold the company to Guinness in 1987. Schenley had formerly imported Guinness into the United States.
The company sponsored the Schenley Award in the Canadian Football League for many decades. The trophy is still awarded for outstanding play, but the company does not sponsor the award.

</doc>
<doc id="21542771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542771" title="Mike Green (running back)">
Mike Green (running back)

Mike Lewayne Green (born September 2, 1976) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League. He was a 7th round selection (213th overall pick) out of the University of Houston by the Tennessee Titans. He played three seasons for the Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="21542777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542777" title="Sherwood Heights, Nova Scotia">
Sherwood Heights, Nova Scotia

Sherwood Heights, Nova Scotia is a residential neighbourhood in Halifax on the Mainland Halifax within the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia .

</doc>
<doc id="21542796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542796" title="Juan Carlos Tedesco">
Juan Carlos Tedesco

Juan Carlos Tedesco (born on February 5, 1944) is an Argentine academic and policy maker who was the President's Education Minister, from December 2007 to July 2009.
Life and career.
Tedesco was born in Buenos Aires in 1944. Enrolling at the University of Buenos Aires, he graduated with a degree in Philosophy and Letters in 1968. He taught as Professor of Educational History in the Universities of La Plata, El Comahue and La Pampa and authored his first book, "Education and Society in Argentina, 1800-1945," in 1972.
Tedesco was appointed as an education policy specialist in 1976 for UNESCO's Latin American Development and Education Project. He became Director of UNESCO's Regional Center for Latin American Higher Education in Caracas between 1982 and 1986 and of their Regional Education Center in Santiago between 1986 and 1992. Repression suffered by Argentine educators and students during its last dictatorship led Tedesco to co-author a criticism of the problem, "The Authoritarian Educational Agenda", with Cecilia Braslavsky in 1983.
The experience earned him the post of Director of the IBE in Geneva, a position he held until 1997, and as head of the Buenos Aires UNESCO bureau, until 2004. Tedesco returned to Academia, dividing his time between the private Universidad de San Andrés and the public National University of Tres de Febrero, both outside Buenos Aires. He was subsequently appointed to the Federal Teacher Training Commission by Education Minister Daniel Filmus, who replaced Vice Minister Alberto Sileoni with Tedesco in April 2006.
The October 2007 election of Filmus as Senator for the city of Buenos Aires and of Senator Cristina Kirchner as President of Argentina led to Tedesco's swearing-in as Education Minister on December 10, 2007. Following a defeat in the June 28, 2009, mid-term elections and a resulting cabinet shake-up, however, he was replaced on July 20 by Sileoni. Tedesco was made Executive Director of the Unit of Strategic Planning and Evaluation of the Argentine Educational System, an agency within the Office of the President.

</doc>
<doc id="21542797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542797" title="Sedrick Shaw">
Sedrick Shaw

Sedrick Anton Shaw (born November 16, 1973 in Austin, Texas) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League. He played three seasons for the New England Patriots (1997–1998), the Cincinnati Bengals (1999), and the Cleveland Browns (1999). In 2003 Sedrick Shaw married Felicia Peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="21542802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542802" title="2009 Atlantic Sun Men's Basketball Tournament">
2009 Atlantic Sun Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2009 Atlantic Sun Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 4–7, 2009 at Allen Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
Format.
The seven eligible men's basketball teams in the Atlantic Sun Conference receive a berth in the conference tournament. After the 20 game conference season, teams are seeded by conference record. The winner of the tournament receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. The #1 seed, if not tournament champions, will receive an automatic bid to the NIT.

</doc>
<doc id="21542811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542811" title="Fairmount, Nova Scotia">
Fairmount, Nova Scotia

Fairmount, Nova Scotia is a residential neighbourhood in Halifax on the Halifax Peninsula within the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia .

</doc>
<doc id="21542823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542823" title="2009 Clemson Tigers football team">
2009 Clemson Tigers football team

The 2009 Clemson Tigers football team represented Clemson University in the 2009 college football season. The Tigers were led by head coach Dabo Swinney, who was in his first full season as head coach. The Tigers played their home games in Memorial Stadium. The Tigers won the ACC Atlantic Division, but after securing the title lost to in–state rival South Carolina in the Palmetto Bowl 34–17, before losing for the second time in the season to Georgia Tech in the ACC Championship Game. Clemson closed the season with a win over Kentucky in the Music City Bowl.
Notable.
In the Tiger's 40–24 victory over the Florida State Seminoles on November 7, 2009, running back C.J. Spiller and wide receiver Jacoby Ford became the leading all-purpose yardage duo in NCAA history (a record previously held by Marshall Faulk and Darnay Scott of San Diego State).
C.J. Spiller was named as one of the three finalists for the 2009 Doak Walker Award. Spiller, along with Mark Ingram of Alabama and Toby Gerhart of Stanford, was selected by a vote of the 130–member Doak Walker Award National Selection Committee. On December 2, 2009, Spiller was voted the 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference Player of the Year. The all-purpose threat was named as the league's top player following a vote of 40 members of the Atlantic Coast Sports Media Association. Spiller received 29 votes to outdistance Georgia Tech quarterback Josh Nesbitt, who had eight. Virginia Tech running back Ryan Williams, the league's rookie of the year, had two votes and Yellow Jackets defensive end Derrick Morgan had one. Spiller was the nation's only player this season to account for touchdowns five different ways – rushing, passing, receiving, and on kick and punt returns – and had passing, rushing and receiving TDs in one game, a victory against North Carolina State. He returned four kickoffs and a punt for scores this year and has eight total returns for TDs during his career. He scored at least once in every game this season while leading Clemson to the Atlantic Division title and a spot in the league title game against Georgia Tech. Spiller led the ACC with an average of nearly 184 all-purpose yards and was the league's fourth-leading rusher, averaging 76 yards. Spiller is the seventh Tiger to be named player of the year and the first since Michael Dean Perry in 1987.
#17 jersey.
On July 25, it was announced that sophomore linebacker Stanley Hunter was forced to quit playing football due to medical reasons. Hunter, who led the 2008 team in fewest plays per tackle, was suffering from an increase in seizures due to epilepsy. On August 18, Coach Swinney announced that several players would alternate wearing #17 during the season as a way to honor Stanley Hunter.
List of Players wearing #17 during the season:
Three of the players who will wear #17 (Korn, Diehl, and Dye) were also teammates with Hunter at James F. Byrnes High School in Spartanburg, SC. Stanley Hunter remains a member of the Clemson team, serving as a student-coach this season for the Tigers.
#6 jersey.
Cornerback Chris Chancellor, whose normal number is #38, wore #6, the normal number of wide receiver Jacoby Ford, for the Miami game. (Under college football rules, two or more players on a team can wear the same number as long as only one is on the field at a time.) Chancellor, a native of Miami, made the change with the blessing of both Ford and Swinney in memory of his former high school teammate Jasper Howard, a cornerback who wore #6 for Connecticut and was murdered in the early morning of October 18 following UConn's game against Louisville.
#28 jersey.
At the end of the season, Head Coach Dabo Swinney announced that they would retire the #28 jersey worn by C.J. Spiller at a ceremony when the Tigers play Maryland at home on Oct. 16, 2010.
Depth chart.
These are the starters, primary backups, and key reserves as of September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21542826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542826" title="2006 Pot Black">
2006 Pot Black

The 2006 Pot Black was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that was held on 2 September 2006 at the Royal Automobile Club in London, England. All matches were played over one . Matthew Stevens was the defending champion, but lost in the first round 64–70 against John Higgins.
Mark Williams won in the final 119–13 against John Higgins. During the final Williams compiled a 119 break, the highest in the tournament's history.
Prize found.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:

</doc>
<doc id="21542846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542846" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1995 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1995 in Australia

The following lists the Top 25 albums of 1995 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 1995 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21542848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542848" title="Campania Sound">
Campania Sound

Campania Sound is a sound on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Campania Island and Princess Royal Island. It was named in association with Campania Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21542860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542860" title="Fernleigh, Nova Scotia">
Fernleigh, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21542882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542882" title="Anurag Basu">
Anurag Basu

Anurag Basu is an Indian film, television-advertisement and television director, actor, screenwriter and producer. Basu achieved initial success with his films tackling the themes of passion and adultery such as "Life in a... Metro", "Kites", "Gangster" and "Murder". He began his directing career in television, moving to feature films in 2002.
Early life.
Basu was born into an upper-middle-class Bengali Kayastha family in Bhilai. His parents, Subrato and Deepshikha, were award-winning theatrical artists and Basu grew up watching them perform in his father's theatre company (Abhiyaan). He attended BSP Senior Secondary School, Sector IV, spending part of his life in Garia, South Kolkata. Although Basu was admitted to Jabalpur Engineering College, but he quit it after some time. He received a BSc degree in physics from the University of Mumbai, intending to study cinematography at FTII, Pune; however, during his college years in Mumbai he had an opportunity to assist on a number of levels in TV and film projects. After trying to remain involved with filmmaking, Basu became an assistant director to Raman Kumar on "Tara".
Career.
Television.
Basu was in his mid-twenties when he began his television career as an assistant director on "Tara", directing about 70 episodes. He directed television serials, trying genres ranging from daily soaps to thrillers such as "Saturday Suspense" and "Ajeeb Dastaan" and horror ("X-Zone"). Basu's most successful work during this period was the Balaji Telefilms soap "Koshish ...Ek Aashaa" in 2000 and made pilot episodes of Indian television shows including "Kyun ki saans bhi kabhi bahu thi", "Kahani ghar ghar ki", "Kasouti zindagi ki" in 2001 and 2002. He directed the TV series "Miit" (based on the novel "Noukadubi" by Rabindranath Tagore) and "Manzilien Apni Apni". Basu has directed many television episodes. In 2000 he received a RAPA Award for Best Director Award from the Radio and TV Advertisers Practitioners Association, followed by an Aashirwad Award for Best Director two years later. Basu returned to television in 2007 to produce and direct the college drama "Love Story" and hosted the Bengali reality show "Ke Hobe Biggest Fan" ("Who Will Be the Biggest Fan") for Zee Bangla in 2010.
Films.
Basu made his directorial film debut in 2003 with the slasher film "Kucch To Hai", starring Tusshar Kapoor, Esha Deol and Anita Hassanandani. It was produced by Ekta Kapoor, with whom he had worked on "Koshish ...Ek Aashaa". Basu left the film midway through production, replaced by Anil V. Kumar took charge; it failed commercially and critically.
He joined Mahesh Bhatt's production company, Vishesh Films, where he directed his next three films. The first was mystery-drama "Saaya" starring John Abraham and Tara Sharma, which failed at the box office and was panned by critics for its loose screenplay.
Basu's third film was 2004's "Murder". The film dealt with adultery and contained sex scenes, unusual for Indian cinema. Despite its "A" certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification. It was well received by critics, who appreciated performances by Mallika Sherawat, Emraan Hashmi and Ashmit Patel. Basu's next movie was "Gangster", in which he first collaborated with Pritam (who later scored "Life in a... Metro"). He was diagnosed with acute leukemia in 2004, halfway through "Tumsa Nahin Dekha". Basu was immediately hospitalised, directing parts of the film from his hospital bed. He gave instructions by dictaphone for camera angles and script changes, with Mahesh Bhatt and Mohit Suri completing the film while the director underwent chemotherapy.
His next film was 2010's "Kites", starred Hrithik Roshan, Bárbara Mori and Kangana Ranaut.
In 2012 Basu's film "Barfi!", starring Ranbir Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra and Ileana D'Cruz, opened to largely-positive reviews and was well received at the Busan International Film Festival. "Barfi!" was selected for the Taipei and Morocco film festivals. It was India's entry for the Academy Awards, which was criticized after Basu was accused of plagiarizing several Hollywood films. and was a box-office hit during its opening week, earning Rs. 586 million, and was the third-highest-grossing film that year.
He reportedly planned a thriller film for release in October 2013, produced by Basu and Ranbir Kapoor's new production company (Picture Shuru Entertainment). Reportedly titled "Jagga Jaasoos", Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Katrina Kaif and Alia Bhatt were under consideration for lead roles.
Personal life.
Basu is married to Tani Basu and has two daughters, Ishana (b. 2004) and Ahana (b. 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="21542896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542896" title="Chestnut Grove (plantation)">
Chestnut Grove (plantation)

Chestnut Grove was an 18th-century plantation on the Pamunkey River near New Kent Court House in New Kent County, Virginia, United States. Chestnut Grove is best known as the birthplace of Martha Washington, wife of George Washington, and the first First Lady of the United States. Martha Washington was born in the east room of the mansion house.
History.
The two-story frame house consisting of six rooms was originally built around 1730. It was first inhabited by prominent Virginia planter John Dandridge and his wife Frances Jones. The couple raised their eight children, including Martha Washington, there. It was at Chestnut Grove that Martha married her first husband, Daniel Parke Custis, on 15 May 1750.
In 1768, Martha Washington's younger brother Bartholomew Dandridge sold Chestnut Grove and its accompanying . Colonel Richard Pye Cooke then purchased the mansion in 1840. At that time, the Chestnut Grove estate contained . Unlike neighboring plantation homes, Chestnut Grove continued to serve as a residence for 200 years in its original state until it burned down in November 1926.
Architecture.
Chestnut Grove's architectural details survive due to old photographs and sketches. The mansion was a two-story frame structure with a hip roof and a chimney at either end. It also contained a basement which ran the length of the mansion. The interior of Chestnut Grove was plain and paneled in pine.

</doc>
<doc id="21542906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542906" title="Hand ejector">
Hand ejector

A hand ejector is a design of revolver handgun characterized by a cylinder that swings out on a hinge (known as a crane) and requires the pushing of a concentric rod toward the cylinder to eject the spent cases from the cylinder. The term "hand ejector" (though not the design itself) was originated by Smith & Wesson to differentiate this class of revolver from the "top break" design, in which rotating the barrel / cylinder up and away from the gun's frame would "automatically" eject the cases.

</doc>
<doc id="21542917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542917" title="Alloy (Skepticism album)">
Alloy (Skepticism album)

Alloy is the fourth studio album by the Finnish funeral doom band Skepticism.
History.
The album was released through Red Stream Inc. on October 20, 2008. The album was released five years after Skepticism's previous effort, Farmakon. Following the albums' release, Skepticism went on the "Exorcising the Funeral" tour, along with Pantheist and Ophis. Skepticism also performed at the Dutch Doom Days and have plans for "The Maniacal Alloy Tour" with Esoteric.
Line-up.
The long-lasting line-up of Skepticism remained unchanged from the previous albums, and was responsible for the recording of this album.

</doc>
<doc id="21542922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542922" title="Green Acres, Nova Scotia">
Green Acres, Nova Scotia

Green Acres, Nova Scotia is a residential neighbourhood in Halifax on the Mainland Halifax within the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia . Not to be confused with Green Acres the Subdivision (land) in Kings County, Nova Scotia in The Annapolis Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="21542929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542929" title="Gary Nelson (director)">
Gary Nelson (director)

Gary Nelson (born 1934 in Los Angeles, California) is an American television and film director. He has directed many well-known television series, including "Gunsmoke", "The Patty Duke Show", "Gilligan's Island" and "Happy Days" among dozens of others. In addition, Nelson has directed five feature films, including two for Walt Disney Pictures, and many television movies, including "Murder in Coweta County" starring Johnny Cash and Andy Griffith.
In 1978, Nelson was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Directoral Achievement for "Washington: Behind Closed Doors".
He was married to actress Judi Meredith, who died in April 2014, and has two sons.
Nelson has semi-retired, but continues to occasionally teach at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="21542947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542947" title="List of casinos in the United States">
List of casinos in the United States

This is a list of casinos in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21542970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542970" title="Kent Park, Nova Scotia">
Kent Park, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21542993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21542993" title="2005 Pot Black">
2005 Pot Black

The 2005 Pot Black was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place on 29 October 2005 at the Royal Automobile Club in London, England. All matches were played over one .
Matthew Stevens won in the final 53–27 against Shaun Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="21543010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543010" title="Nacho Galindo">
Nacho Galindo

Ignacio Galindo, best known by his stage name, "Nacho Galindo" is a Christian Artist that rose to fame by being in a Non-Christian, Mexican, Conjunto group known as Conjunto Primavera.
History.
Nacho Galindo was born on March 1, 1959. In 1976, he joined Conjunto Primavera with his brother Gustavo Galindo, his cousin Adan Huerta, Juan Dominguez, Ramiro Rodiguez & Telesforo Saenz. He spent 12 years with the band in which they released 11 albums. On June 28, 1986 he attended a Christian service, in which he "accepted Jesus into his heart". On March 19, 1989 he left the band telling them that "God had called him", since his life was complicated while in the band because of drugs and alcohol. From then, he finished his career in the music industry.
Ministry.
In 1991, he decided to start recording music again, with the difference that he wrote Christian lyrics, and that his music was only to influence people in a positive way. He now sings, and testifies only about God.
Albums.
""A Donde Vas""<br>
""Al Desalentado""<br>
""Amor Incomparable""<br>
""En La Batalla""<br>
""Grupo Azareel""<br>
""Himnos Tradicionales""<br>
""Las Pruebas""<br>
""Lo Que Dios Unio""<br>
""Mi Anhelo""<br>
""Mi Clamor""<br>
""Volvera""
References.
1. Conjunto Primavera<br>
2. Nacho Galindo official site

</doc>
<doc id="21543017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543017" title="2009 Open 13">
2009 Open 13

The 2009 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 17th edition of the Open 13, and was part of the International Series of the 2009 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Palais des Sports in Marseille, France, from February 16 through February 22, 2009. 
Tournament.
Before this year, the tournament was won by a home favorite on several occasions: Guy Forget in 1996, Fabrice Santoro in 1999, Arnaud Clément in 2006, and Gilles Simon in 2007. The record for most titles is three, won by the Swiss player Marc Rosset in its first two years in 1993 and 1994, as well as in 2000; the Swedish player Thomas Enqvist also won three, in 1997, 1998, and 2002. It is also one of the few ATP tournaments to have been won only by European players, with France with 5 (Forget, Santoro, Clément, Simon, and this year's winner Jo-Wilfried Tsonga), Sweden with 4 (Enqvist, Joachim Johansson), Switzerland with 4 (Rosset, Roger Federer), Germany with 1 (Boris Becker), Russia with 1 (Yevgeny Kafelnikov), Slovakia with 1 (Dominik Hrbatý), and Great Britain with 1 (Andy Murray).
Entrants.
Seeds.
Richard Gasquet was the sixth seed, but had to withdraw.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Champions.
Singles.
Previous winners in the field included Gilles Simon, Arnaud Clément, and Fabrice Santoro, with Simon being the only one to advance past the second round. Seeded players suffered mixed fortunes with Marat Safin, Tomáš Berdych and Gaël Monfils all losing in the first round. Richard Gasquet was also forced to pull out though injury.
In the quarterfinals, top seed Novak Djokovic advanced past Jan Hernych and second seed Simon advanced past compatriot Julien Benneteau. The other two matches were harder victories for Michaël Llodra over Mikhail Youzhny and fourth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga over eighth seed Feliciano López. In the semifinals, unseeded Michaël Llodra defeated Simon 7–6(5) 6–2, while Tsonga defeated Djokovic for the fourth time in a row 6–4, 7–6(1). This set up an all-French battle between Tsonga and Llodra, which saw Tsonga come out in top in a close-fought match 7–5, 7–6(3).
Result of the final: 
Doubles.
Previous winners in the field included Arnaud Clément & Michaël Llodra, Pavel Vízner, Martin Damm, Fabrice Santoro, and Simon Aspelin (the last four all had different partners previously). The semifinals consisted of top duo Julian Knowle & Andy Ram, the Czech pairing of Tomáš Berdych & Jan Hernych, Stephen Huss & Ross Hutchins, and the home favorites Clément & Llodra. Clément & Llodra defeated Huss & Hutchins 6–2 7–6(2), while Knowle & Ram advanced into their expected final with a 7–6(5) 6–2 victory over the Czechs. Result of the final: 

</doc>
<doc id="21543019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543019" title="Leiblin Park, Nova Scotia">
Leiblin Park, Nova Scotia

Leiblin Park was conceived by William J. Olie in the early 1950s. The land was an inheritance of his wife, Elizabeth (Pearl) Kidston. The subdivision takes its name from a farm owned by Henry Leiblin, in the area of what is now Elmsdale Crescent.
The tract of land was about 3 km long, but narrow, bordered by the watershed of Long Lake (at the time the water supply of the city of Halifax) on its east side. Olie planned to create one long street, to be called Leiblin Drive, with crescents looping off it to the west. Each crescent would contain 16 single-family dwellings. The crescents are named in alphabetical order, with tree or plant names predominating.
The first crescent, Avon, was built in 1956, and the homes sold quickly, for around $8,000 each. The city of Halifax (at that time the peninsula) was overcrowded, and new housing was much in demand. The capital raised from Avon allowed Olie to leverage financing for the rest of the project, and construction re-commenced in 1958.
In the area of Devon and Elmsdale Crescents the Drive ran into the flank of a large drumlin. The material excavated from the drumlin was used to fill the side of a peat bog to the north. Due to the bog, there is no "F" crescent. In the 1960s and 1970s there was a commercial building just past Elmsdale, with offices, two apartments, and a corner store, first operated by Elizabeth Olie. The building has since been demolished. The bog was gradually filled with construction and demolition waste in the 1970s and 1980s to create the Graves-Oakley Memorial Park.
Beyond the bog, four more crescents were built, plus Kenwood Avenue and Linden Lane. At this point the project was running up against the Old Sambro Road, as well as large granite outcroppings on Linden Lane. The plan was to continue the project across the Old Sambro Road, and the land was cleared of the larger trees, but in 1963 Olie Construction Ltd. was forced to declare bankruptcy.
Since that time, additional homes have been added to most of the crescents, and Nita Lane has been built near Linden Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="21543020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543020" title="Enzo Staiola">
Enzo Staiola

Enzo Staiola (born 15 November 1939) is an Italian actor best known for playing, at the age of seven, the role of Bruno Ricci, the son of protagonist Antonio Ricci in Vittorio De Sica's neorealist 1948 film "Bicycle Thieves". He appeared in several other films (including the American-produced "The Barefoot Contessa" in 1954, which starred Humphrey Bogart) before becoming a math teacher in adulthood.

</doc>
<doc id="21543048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543048" title="Cartwright Sound">
Cartwright Sound

Cartwright Sound is a sound on the southwest coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada. It was named by Captain George Vancouver in honour of John Cartwright, then serving in the Royal Navy under Admiral Howe and later a noted political and social reformer in Britain. The sound is located in the area of Kano Inlet, and lies between Tcenakum and Hunter Points.

</doc>
<doc id="21543054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543054" title="2006 Meteor Awards">
2006 Meteor Awards

The 2006 Meteor Music Awards took place in the Point Theatre, Dublin on 2 February 2006. It was the sixth edition of Ireland's national music awards. The event was later aired on RTÉ Two on at 21:00 on Sunday 5 February. The awards show was hosted by the comedian Patrick Kielty. A total of seventeen awards were presented at the ceremony. U2 were the largest winners at the 2006 awards, receiving three gongs, Best Irish Band, Best Irish Album for "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb" and Best Live Performance for their 2005 Croke Park shows. The band's bassist Adam Clayton attended the show and picked up the awards. The four international awards were divided between Kanye West (Best International Male), Gwen Stefani (Best International Female) and Kaiser Chiefs (Best International Band and Best International Album for "Employment"). The Pogues were presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award, whilst Today FM presenter Ray D'Arcy was named Best Irish DJ for a second consecutive year. After the awards Louis Walsh was caught red-handed in an embarrassing situation with Kerry Katona when he gripped her from behind and did something naughty and rude.
Performances.
There were performances on the night from The Darkness, Damien Dempsey, Bell X1, Gemma Hayes and Republic of Loose.
Nominations.
The nominations were announced in November 2005.
Multiple nominations.
U2 and Kaiser Chiefs won all awards they were nominated for, three and two respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="21543056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543056" title="Leila Hadley">
Leila Hadley

Leila Hadley (22 September 1925 – 10 February 2009) was an American travel writer and socialite. Her books include "Give Me the World" (1958) and "A Journey With Elsa Cloud" (1997).
Biography.
She was born Beatrice Leila Eliott Burton and grew up in Old Westbury, Long Island, New York. Her father, Frank V. Burton Jr., inherited his business in the cotton trade. Her middle name, which she took as her first name, was pronounced "LEE-la" and was, according to her, "Hindi for 'cosmic play,' which should register in anyone’s mind forever, but doesn't". She attended the Green Vale School, Long Island, with Gloria Vanderbilt, then St. Timothy's School, Stevenson, Maryland. She was introduced to society at the Junior Assembly on December 23, 1943, held at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Manhattan.
Marriages and divorces.
She married Arthur Twining Hadley II, a Lieutenant in a Tank destroyer battalion, and the grandson of Arthur Twining Hadley, president of Yale University, on March 2, 1944. After the birth of her son, Arthur Twining Hadley III, in February 1945, her one and a half year marriage ended in divorce in 1947.
Hadley obtained employment in public relations, first working for cartoonist Al Capp and was described in a 1950 article in "Look" magazine as "the chic, high-level, in-the-know, celebrity-surrounded career girl that millions of young women dream of becoming in New York." She later was publicity director for "The Howdy Doody Show".
In 1953 she married geologist Yvor Hyatt Smitter. They divorced in 1969, after having three children.
In 1969 she married 27 year old, Swedish ship chandler, Hans Gillner.
In 1976 she married businessman William C. Musham, that ended in divorce in 1979. January 1990 she married her fifth husband, Henry Luce III. That marriage lasted until Luce's death in September 2005.
Trip around the world.
She quit her job in 1951 and took her son, then six years old, on a trip around the world that lasted one and a half years. She sailed on a barkantine schooner from Singapore to Ceylon, then from Beirut to Malta. It was on the schooner where she met geologist, Yvor Hyatt Smitter, the son of author, Wessel Smitter. S. J. Perelman, who urged her to take the trip in the first place, then encouraged her to write "Give Me the World" (1958) about her journey. 
After returning to America and marrying Smitter (in Reference 4, the New York Times misspells Smitter's name as "Smitten") on 24 January 1953, she lived in South Africa, then in Jamaica, then in the West Indies. She worked at "Diplomat" magazine in 1966 and at "The Saturday Evening Post" as cartoon editor in 1968-69. She wrote a number of books, including "How to Travel With Children in Europe" (1963), "Fielding's Guide to Traveling with Children in Europe" (1972) and "Traveling With Children in the U.S.A." (1976). She co-wrote the 1966 book "Manners for Young People" with John Barclay, who gave dancing lessons to children at the Pierre Hotel. She and Smitter had three children before they divorced in 1969.
India and "A Journey With Elsa Cloud".
In March 1978, for two months, she visited her daughter, Victoria Barlow, who was living in Dharamsala, India, where she had been studying Buddhism at the Library of Tibetan Works and Archives and in Manali, in meditation retreat. The trip became the inspiration for her book "A Journey With Elsa Cloud", which provided a fictionalized account of her own experiences. The book's title was derived from the private name, elsa cloud, her daughter created as a fifteen year old runaway, when she daydreamed she would like to be the sea or else a cloud; elsa cloud. Her daughter denounced the book. 
The trip triggered an interest in Tibetan people. She became a member of the board of Tibet House and her experiences on her trip became the source of her 1979 pamphlet "Tibet 20 Years After the Chinese Takeover".
In 1976, she married businessman William Musham; the marriage ended in divorce two years later, due in part, according to Musham's son, to Hadley's "decadent" behavior and lifestyle. On January 5, 1990 she married Henry Luce III, son of Henry Robinson Luce, the co-founder of Time Magazine and head of The Henry Luce Foundation. The couple remained together until his death in 2005.
Lawsuit; sued by her daughter and granddaughter.
In a lawsuit filed in May 2003 Hadley's daughter, Caroline Nicholson, stated that Leila Hadley Luce and Henry Luce III, who died ten days before being deposed, were continuing a prior pattern of committing incest and child sexual abuse of Caroline in the 1970s by sexually abusing Caroline's daughter, their granddaughter, in the 1990s. Caroline claimed that Luce had repeatedly tried to rape her, sexually abused her over a six year span, and that she had been lured into bed by Luce and her mother. Hadley denied the allegations, and insisted that the suit had been an attempt to obtain money from her. The case was due to go to trial on January 12, 2009 but was settled out of court eight weeks before Hadley died.
Death.
Hadley, who had suffered from emphysema for several years, died at age 83 on February 10, 2009 at her Manhattan home. She also lived on Fishers Island, New York, where she is buried next to Henry Luce III at the Union Chapel. She was survived by her eldest son, Dr. Arthur T. Hadley III, Matthew Eliott (who had changed his last name from Smitter in the 1970s), Caroline Nicholson, Victoria California Van Duzer Barlow, stepson Henry Christopher Luce, stepdaughter Lila Luce, and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21543084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543084" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1996 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1996 in Australia

The following lists the Top 25 albums of 1996 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 1996 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21543114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543114" title="Melissa Dyrdahl">
Melissa Dyrdahl

Melissa Dyrdahl is the chief executive officer of Bring Light, based in Cupertino, California. Dyrdahl lives in California.
Career.
In the early 1980s, Dyrdahl started her career working for a small ad agency. She later held several marketing management positions at Hewlett-Packard and was director of worldwide sales operations at Claris, the software subsidiary of Apple Computer. 
Dyrdahl joined Adobe Systems Incorporated as a founding member of the Home and Office Products Division when Adobe acquired Aldus Corporation in 1994, and eventually become Adobe's Senior Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Communications. Dyrdahl later oversaw the marketing and communications efforts related to Adobe's 2005 acquisition of Macromedia.
Nonprofit, Volunteer, and Honorary Positions.
Dyrdahl is the chair of the board of directors for the Humane Society Silicon Valley. In November 2008, Dyrdahl was named an Executive in Residence at San Jose State University's College of Business. She is also the VP of Marketing for the San Jose State University Alumni Association.
Dyrdahl is also a former trustee of the San Jose Museum of Art, and was formerly on the advisory board for the CMO Council, and the western region advisory board for Catalyst, a research and advisory organization working to advance women in business.
Awards and honors.
In May 2004, Dyrdahl was named "Best Marketing Executive" by the American Business Awards. She is also a recipient of the YWCA Tribute to Women in Industry award and is an active mentor, and was named one of San Jose’s Distinguished Women in Business.
Dyrdahl is used extensively as an example of a "New Radical" in Julia Moulden's book 'We Are the New Radicals: A Manifesto for Reinventing Yourself and Saving the World'.

</doc>
<doc id="21543130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543130" title="Roque Estrada Reynoso">
Roque Estrada Reynoso

Roque Estrada Reynoso. Lawyer, journalist, writer. Born in Moyahua, Zacatecas on August 16, 1883. His parents were Camilo Estrada Reynoso and Micaela. His younger brother was Enrique Estrada. He organized workers in a socialist party in Guadalajara in 1904. He completed his law degree at the University of Guadalajara in 1906. He participated in the presidential campaign of Francisco I. Madero in 1909, as a Member of the Anti-Reelectionist Center. He was jailed with Francisco I. Madero in San Luis Potosí, in 1909. Later, he became the provisional Secretary to Francisco I. Madero in 1910, when he returned to Mexico. He was also the Private Secretary to Venustiano Carranza in 1914. He was appointed the Commanding Officer of the 2nd Cavalry Brigade, Western Division from 1914 to 1915, and he obtained the rank of Brigadier General. He was Provisional Governor of Aguascalientes in 1915. From 1915 to 1916, he was named Secretary of Justice. He was candidate for president of Mexico against General Álvaro Obregón, in 1920.
He was federal deputy from the State of Zacatecas, 1920-22. He joined his brother Enrique Estrada in 1923 in support of the Adolfo de la Huerta rebellion. As a result, he was in exiled to the United States in 1923 and 1927-29. He was the Secretary of Press and Publicity of the CEN of Institutional Revolutionary Party (Spanish: Partido Revolucionario Institucional or PRI), June 19, 1935. In 1942 he was judge and then president of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation (Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación), in 1952. In 1957 he was honored with the Belisario Domínguez Medal of the Senate (Medalla Belisario Domínguez del Senado de la República), the highest decoration that the Mexican Senate gives to the most eminent citizens. He died in Mexico City on November 27, 1966.
Chief Justices Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation.
Chief Justice (Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación) under the 1917 Constitution:

</doc>
<doc id="21543134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543134" title="Thornhill, Nova Scotia">
Thornhill, Nova Scotia

Thornhill, Nova Scotia is a residential neighbourhood in Halifax on the Mainland Halifax within the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia .

</doc>
<doc id="21543149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543149" title="Forest Hill station">
Forest Hill station

Several light-rail and railway stations use the name "Forest Hill" or "Forest Hills"
In the United States:
In the United Kingdom:

</doc>
<doc id="21543161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543161" title="List of CPBL strikeout champions">
List of CPBL strikeout champions

CPBL recognizes strikeout champions in the each season, the champions have been awarded from 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21543170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543170" title="Love in Several Masques">
Love in Several Masques

Love in Several Masques, a play by Henry Fielding, was first performed on 16 February 1728 at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. The moderately received play comically depicts three lovers trying to pursue their individual beloveds. The beloveds require their lovers to meet their various demands, which serves as a means for Fielding to introduce his personal feelings on morality and virtue. In addition, Fielding introduces criticism of women and society in general.
The play marks Fielding's early approach to theatre and how he begins to create his own take on tradition 18th-century theatre conventions. Critics have emphasised little beyond how the play serves as Fielding's first play among many. The possible sources of the play including a possible failed pursuit of a lover by Fielding, or the beginnings of Fielding's reliance on the topic of gender, identity, and social ethics.
Background.
"Love in Several Masques" was Fielding's first play. It was advertised on 15 January 1728 in the "London Evening Post" and first ran on 16 February 1728 at the Theatre Royal. Performances were held on 17, 19 and 20 February, with the third night being the author's benefit. The play was never revived. The cast included four members among some of the most talented of the Theatre Royal actors. Although it only ran for four nights, this was a great feat because John Gay's popular "The Beggar's Opera" was performed during the same time and dominated the theatrical community during its run. It was first printed on 23 February 1728 by John Watts, and a Dublin edition appeared in 1728. The play was later collected by John Watts in the 1742 and 1745 "Dramatick Works" and by Andrew Millar in the 1755 edition of Fielding's works. It was later translated and printed in German as "Lieb unter verschiedenen Larven" in 1759.
Most of the information on the play and its run is known because of Fielding's preface in the printed edition of the play. The printed "Love in Several Masques" is dedicated "To the Right Honourable the Lady Mary Wortley Montague", his cousin. It is probable that she read the original draft of the play, which is alluded to in the dedication. Information on her reading the draft comes from a letter written in approximately September 1727. In the letter, Fielding writes:
The play was completed during September 1727 and it was listed in the "British Journal" of 23 September 1727 as being scheduled. There is little information on Fielding's editing of the work, and none to support that anyone suggested corrections except Anne Oldfield, who he thanked in the Preface for supplying corrections. The prologue, dedication, and preface were probably composed during January or February 1728, with the dedication and preface most likely composed between the last nights of the show, 20 and 21 February, and its publication, 23 February.
Cast.
The cast according to the original printed billing:
Plot.
The plot is traditional in regards to Restoration theatre and includes three female characters, three respectable males, three non-respectable males, and three side characters. Each respectable male meets their female counterpart three times, and each has a parallel incident with letters and an unmasking. The primary plot of the play deals with Wisemore and his pursuit of Lady Matchless. With the help of his friend Merital, Wisemore is able to overcome other lovers and various struggles in order to prove his worth to Matchless and win her love.
A secondary plot involves Merital and his desire to marry a woman named Helena, cousin to Matchless. He is kept from doing so externally by her uncle, Sir Positive Trap, by the workings of her aunt, and internally by themselves. Against her uncles wishes, Helena and Merital elope. Although Trap is angered by this, Lady Matchless steps in and defends the marriage by saying that she too will marry like her cousin. The play ends with a song about beauty, virtue, and lovers.
Preface.
The printed version of the play included a self-conscious preface:
I believe few plays have ever adventured into the world under greater disadvantage than this. First, as it succeeded a comedy which, for the continued space of twenty-eight nights, received as great (and as just) applauses, as ever were bestowed on the English Theatre. And secondly, as it is co-temporary with an entertainment which engrosses the whole talk and admiration of the town.
These were difficulties which seemed rather to require the superior force of a Wycherley, or a Congreve, than of a raw and unexperienced pen; for I believe I may boast that none ever appeared so early upon the stage. However, such was the candour of the audience, the play was received with greater satisfaction than I should have promised myself from its merit, had it even preceded the Provoked Husband.
He continued by thanking his cast, especially Anne Oldfield, for the effort that they put into their roles. This preface served as a model for Fielding's later prefaces included in his novels, such as "Joseph Andrews" or "Tom Jones".
Themes.
"Love in Several Masques" is a traditional comic drama that incorporates morality. The theme of the play is the relationship of disguises and courtship with a discussion of the nature of love. Fielding focuses on men and how they deal with love and marriage. Also, the gentlemen must prove their worth before they can be justified in their marriage, which allows Fielding to describe the traits required in successful male suitors. The first act deals primarily with the gentlemen in order to establish a focus on their characteristics. Fielding's first play serves as a representation for his belief in the relationship of morality and libertine beliefs and introduces character types that he would use throughout his plays and novels. However, all negative characteristics are very apparent to the audience, and those characters who are immoral are unable to accomplish their goals. The main characters are still decent individuals who are able to help another, even though they sometimes get in each other's way. At no time is the audience able to believe that vice will conquer, which undermines part of the satire. Regardless, Harold Pagliaro is still able to conclude that "Fielding's satire on the marriage market, however, is effective, if not biting."
Wisemore's character introduces feelings about the London community and criticises various problems. However, his reflections are portrayed as both correct and lacking, and that he is focused only on the bad aspects of life. His ideas result from removing himself from society in preference to the company of classical books. Although he does not realise it, the play suggests that there are virtuous people. Merital, in response to Wisemore, believes that Wisemore's philosophical inclinations are foolish. As the play later reveals, Wisemore's views are only a mask to hide from his own feelings and views on love.
Wisemore is not the only one to serve as a means to comment on society; the characters Vermilia and Lady Matchless are used to discuss the proper role of females within society by serving as housewives. The dialogue between the two reveals that females are only in control of the domestic sphere because men have allowed them to dominate in the area. This is not to suggest that Fielding supports the repression of females; instead, women are used as a way to discuss the internal aspects of humans including both emotions and morality. However, feminist critic Jill Campbell points out that Fielding does mock women who abuse their relationship with the internal, emotions, and morality in order to dominate and assume power. Tiffany Potter, another feminist critic, sees gender within the play in a different light; Merital's actions and words show a moderate approach to females, and "Women are neither victims of deceitful men nor overdefensive virgins, but individuals who can choose to 'bestow' their favours on a man who will 'enjoy' them."
The image of the masque within the play deals with hiding one's identity. Fielding, like many other playwrights, focuses on how the masque genre deals with the social acceptability of altering identities within the format. However, Fielding extends the image to discuss society and those who impersonate social and gender roles that they do not fill. Fielding also has a problem with those who act viciously with license even though he is willing to accept some of the lesser libertine actions. Merital, for instance, is a sexual type of libertine and is treated differently than those like Sir Positive Trap, Lord Formal, and Sir Apish Simple who are criticised as being part of the corrupted order. Trap and Formal are part of old families, and their attachment to the age of their families and their attempts to use that to justify their beliefs over what is proper is ridiculed within the play. In particular, Merital is the one able to point out their flaws.
Sources.
It is possible that the plot of "Love in Several Masques" is connected to Fielding's own attempt to marry Sarah Andrew in November 1725. Fielding met Andrew when he travelled to Lyme Regis. She was his cousin by marriage, 15 years old, and an heiress of the fortune of her father, Solomon Andrew. Her guardian Andrew Tucker, her uncle, prohibited Fielding from romantically pursuing her; it is possible that Tucker wished Andrew to marry his own son. On 14 November 1725, Andrew Tucker alleged the mayor that Fielding and Fielding's servant, Joseph Lewis, threatened to harm Tucker. According to Andrews's descendants, Fielding attempted to violently take Andrew on 14 November. Regardless, Fielding fled the town after leaving a notice in public view that accused Andrew Tucker and his son of being "Clowns, and Cowards". Thomas Lockwood qualified the connection of this incident and the plot of "Love in Several Masques" by saying, "I suspect so too, or at any rate suspect that this experience gave a crucial infusion of real feeling to that part of the play: which is however not to say that the writing itself, or the idea, goes back that far."
The style of "Love in Several Masques", along with "The Temple Beau" (1730), exemplified Fielding's understanding of traditional Post-Restoration comedic form. Albert Rivero, a critic specialising in early 18th-century literature, believes that Fielding, in the play, "recognizes that to have his plays acted at Drury Lane, he must have the approval of his famous contemporary Cibber. To gain that approval, Fielding must follow Cibber—if not write like him, certainly write plays that he will like." However, Fielding did not respect Cibber's abilities, nor did he believe that the control Cibber took over the plays performed at the Theatre Royal were improved by Cibber's required changes. Instead, Fielding believed that Cibber got in the way of comedy. Regardless, there are similarities between the characters in "Love in Several Masques" and Cibber and Vanbrugh's "The Provok'd Husband". In particular, Fielding's Lady Matchless resembles the character Lady Townly.
The play was traditionally believed by critics to be modelled after the plays of Congreve, with those in the eighteenth century, like Arthur Murphy, to those in the twentieth century, like Wilbur Cross, arguing in support of a connection. "Love in Several Masques" resembles Congreve's use of plot and dialogue. In particular, Merital and Malvil resemble characters in "The Old Batchelor" and Rattle resembles the fop in "Love for Love". However, parts of "Love in Several Masque" also resembles Molière's "Les Femmes Savantes", "Sganarelle" and "Le Misanthrope". There are also possible connections between the play and Farquhar's "The Constant Couple" and Etherege's "She wou'd if she Cou'd". Of all the influences, theatre historian Robert Hume points out that Fielding's "play is humane comedy, not satire, and his generic affinities are closer to Centlivre and Cibber than to Congreve" and that "His first play is an imitative exercise in a popular form, not an attempt to write a Congrevean throw-back"; Hume offers that "Love in Several Masques" has connections to Christopher Bullock's "Woman is a Riddle" (1716), Susanna Centlivre's "Busy Body" (1709), Cibber's "Double Gallant" (1707), Farquhar's "Constant Couple" (1699), Richard Steele's "Funeral" (1701), John Vanbrugh's "The Confederacy" (1705) and "The Mistake" (1705) and Leonard Welsted's "The Dissembled Wanton" (1726).
Critical response.
"Love in Several Masques" was "neither a success nor a fiasco", and Fielding writes in the preface, "the Play was received with greater Satisfaction than I should have promised myself from its Merit". The play was later quoted in "The Beauties of Fielding" more than any of Fielding's other plays, according to Thomas Lockwood, "because for anthology reading purposes it supplied far more extractably witty bits than other Fielding plays more representative or still holding the stage."
Eighteenth and nineteenth century critics did little to discuss the play. David Erskine Baker simply lists the play in "Companion to the Playhouse" (1764), Charles Dibdin's "History of the Stage" (1800) makes a short comment on the dialogue, and John Genest said that the play was "moderate" in "Some Account of the English Stage" (1832). A page is devoted to "Love in Several Masques" in Edwin Percy Whipple's review of a collection of Fielding's works, which calls the play "a well-written imitation" that has "smart and glib rather than witty" dialogue even though it contains "affected similes and ingenious comparisons, which the author forces into his dialogue to make it seem brilliant." Frederick Lawrence, in his "Life of Henry Fielding" (1855), connected the play with those of Congreve and enjoyed some of the dialogue.
Twentieth century critics tend to range in opinions on the play. F. Homes Dudden argues that "The dialogue is smart; the plot, though insufficiently compact, is fairly ingenious; the characters [...] are conventional comic types [...] It deserved what in fact it achieved—a qualified success." Robert Hume believes that "The play is not, in truth, very good", that "Fielding offers three minimally intertwined love plots", and that the narrative is "clumsy". However, Rivero believes that this characterisation is "unjust" and that the play deserves more merit. The play, as Rivero argues, "evinces what critics have identified as the quintessence of Fielding's art: its clear moral purpose, its conspicuous moral tone." Thomas Lockwood argues that the play "has been noticed mainly as it was Fielding's first play, or else as the example of that imitation of Congrevean form which supposedly marked his beginning in dramatic authorship. Beyond these impressions of the play, there is no real tradition of critical discussion." Pagliaro, one of Fielding's biographers, simply states that "By the standards of the day, the play neither failed nor succeeded, running four nights as it did."

</doc>
<doc id="21543219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543219" title="2009 Open 13 – Doubles">
2009 Open 13 – Doubles

Martin Damm and Pavel Vízner are the defending champions, but did not play together that year.
Martin Damm partnered with Robert Lindstedt, but lost in the first round to Arnaud Clément and Michaël Llodra.
Pavel Vízner partnered with Simon Aspelin, but lost in the first round to Julien Benneteau and Fabrice Santoro.

</doc>
<doc id="21543266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543266" title="Xiaoguwei">
Xiaoguwei

Xiaoguwei Island () is a district of Xinzao Town (simplified Chinese: 新造镇), Panyu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. The Guangzhou Higher Education Mega Center occupies the entire island which is about 17.9 km2 in size.
Transportation.
The island can be accessed through the toll Nansha Port Expressway, which links the island to Haizhu District to the north and Panyu District to the south. A two-section cross-river tunnel provides alternative free of charge access to the island, linking it to the Luntou () area in Haizhu District via the planned Biological Island (). In addition, a bridge (now temporarily closed due to safety concern) connects the island to the southeast part of Haizhu district near the Yingzhou Ecological Park.
Two Guangzhou Metro stations are located on the island. The Higher Education Mega Center North Station () and Higher Education Mega Center South Station () of Line 4 provide access to Guangzhou's convenient metro system.
The island is covered by a dozen of bus routes, with buses mainly running between the university town and the city centre of Guangzhou. In general, there are two types of bus service: Regular buses operate similarly to buses within the city and make frequent stops, so it takes longer to ride; commuter express buses dedicated to serve the university town mainly utilize the expressways and have less stops. Many of these express buses travel from and to the old campuses of the universities. There are also shuttle buses provided by some universities which travel between the old and new campuses. However, these buses are reserved for the university faculty and staff and therefore can not be used by the public or students.

</doc>
<doc id="21543293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543293" title="View of Notre-Dame">
View of Notre-Dame

View of Notre-Dame (French: "Une vue de Notre-Dame") is an oil painting by Henri Matisse from 1914. 
Experimental period.
Along with works such as "Woman on a High Stool", it belongs to the "experimental period" of Matisse's oeuvre. Pentimenti reveal that it was originally painted in a more detailed manner before it was radically simplified into a geometric composition. 
Exhibition.
It was not exhibited until after Matisse's death, but proved a great influence upon later developments in painting.

</doc>
<doc id="21543302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543302" title="Aestivation (botany)">
Aestivation (botany)

Aestivation or estivation refers to the positional arrangement of the parts of a flower within a flower bud before it has opened. Aestivation is also sometimes referred to as praefoliation or prefoliation, but these terms may also mean vernation: the arrangement of leaves within a vegetative bud.
Aestivation can be an important taxonomic diagnostic; for example Malvaceae flower buds have valvate sepals, with the exception of the genera "Fremontodendron" and "Chiranthodendron", which have sometimes been misplaced as a result.
The terms used to describe aestivation are the same as those used to describe leaf vernation.
Classes of aestivation include:

</doc>
<doc id="21543315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543315" title="Women in the Australian military">
Women in the Australian military

Women have served in Australian armed forces since 1899. Until World War II women were restricted to the Australian Army Nursing Service. This role expanded in 1941–42 when the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), Australian Army and Royal Australian Air Force established female branches in which women took on a range of support roles. While these organisations were disbanded at the end of the war, they were reestablished in 1950 as part of the military's permanent structure. Women were integrated into the services during the late 1970s and early 1980s and can now serve in most positions in the Australian Defence Force (ADF), including combat roles.
History.
Separate branches.
Female service in the Australian military began in 1899 when the Australian Army Nursing Service was formed as part of the New South Wales colonial military forces. Army nurses formed part of the Australian contribution to the Boer War, and their success led to the formation of the Australian Army Nursing Reserve in 1902. More than 2000 members of the Australian Army Nursing Service (AANS) served overseas during World War I as part of the Australian Imperial Force. At the end of the war the AANS returned to its pre-war reserve status. In addition to the military nurses, a small group of civilian nurses dubbed the "Bluebirds" were recruited by the Australian Red Cross Society and served in French hospitals.
Australian women played a larger role in World War II. Many women wanted to play an active role, and hundreds of voluntary women's auxiliary and paramilitary organisations had been formed by 1940. These included the Women's Transport Corps, Women's Flying Club, Women's Emergency Signalling Corps and Women's Australian National Services. In Brisbane alone there were six different organisations providing women with war-related training in July 1940, the largest of which was the Queensland-based Women's National Emergency Legion. The Federal Government and military did not initially support women being trained to serve in the armed forces, however, and these organisations were not taken seriously by the general public. 
A shortage of male recruits forced the military to establish female branches in 1941 and 1942. The RAAF established the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force (WAAAF) in March 1941, the Army formed the Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS) in October 1941 and the Australian Army Medical Women's Service in December 1942 and the Women's Royal Australian Naval Service (WRANS) came into being in July 1942. In 1944 almost 50,000 women were serving in the military and thousands more had joined the civilian Australian Women's Land Army (AWLA). Many of these women were trained to undertake skilled work in traditionally male occupations in order to free servicemen for operational service. Women were also encouraged to work in industry and volunteer for air raid precautions duties or clubs for Australian and Allied servicemen. The female branches of the military were disbanded after the war.
Manpower shortages during the Korean War led to the permanent establishment of female branches of the military. In 1951 the WRANS was reformed and the Army and Air Force established the Women's Australian Army Corps (WAAC) and Women's Royal Australian Air Force (WRAAF) respectively. The proportion of women in the services was initially limited to four percent of their strength, though this was ignored by the RAAF. The quota was lifted to 10 percent in the RAAF and RAN during the 1960s and 1970s while the Army recruited only on a replacement basis.
Integration.
The role of women in the Australian military began to change in the 1970s. In 1975, which was the International Year of Women, the service chiefs established a committee to explore opportunities for increased female participation in the military. This led to reforms which allowed women to deploy on active service in support roles, pregnancy no longer being grounds for automatic termination of employment and changes to leave provisions. The WRAAF and WAAC were abolished in 1977 and 1979 respectively, with female soldiers being merged into the services. Equal pay was granted to servicewomen in 1979 and the WRANS was abolished in 1985.
Despite being integrated into the military, there were still restrictions on female service. The ADF was granted an exemption from the "Sexual Discrimination Act" when it was introduced in 1984 so that it could maintain gender-based restrictions against women serving in combat or combat-related positions, which limited women to 40 percent of positions in the ADF. As a result of personnel shortages in the late 1980s the restriction against women in combat-related positions was dropped in 1990, and women were for the first time allowed to serve in warships, RAAF combat squadrons and many positions in the Army. Women were banned from positions involving physical combat, however, and were unable to serve in infantry, armoured, artillery and engineering units in the Army and clearance diving and ground defence positions in the RAN and RAAF respectively.
The ADF was not sufficiently prepared for integrating women into all units. Integration was hindered by entrenched discriminatory attitudes, sexual harassment and a perception that less demanding standards were applied to women. This led to a number of scandals, including allegations of sexual harassment on board HMAS "Swan", and the RAN's mishandling of these complaints. These scandals did great harm to the ADF's reputation at the time when it most needed servicewomen. The Defence Equality Organisation was established in 1997 in response to these problems, and it developed frameworks to facilitate the acceptance of women throughout the ADF. 
Women have formed part of ADF deployments around the world since the early 1990s. Female sailors were sent into a combat zone for the first time on board HMAS "Westralia" in 1991, female medical personnel were deployed to Iraq, Western Sahara and Rwanda during the early 1990s and 440 of the 5,500 Australians deployed to East Timor in November 1999 were women. Women also began to be promoted to command units in the late 1990s, and Air Commodore Julie Hammer became the first woman to reach one-star rank in 2000. 
Despite the expansion in the number of positions available to women, there has been only limited growth in the percentage of female permanent defence personnel. In the 1989–1990 financial year women filled 11.4% of permanent ADF positions. In the 2005–2006 financial year women occupied 13.3% of permanent positions and 15.6% of reserve positions. During the same period the proportion of civilian positions filled by women in the Australian Defence Organisation increased from 30.8% to 40.3%. The percentage of female members of the Australian labour force increased from approximately 41% to 45% between June 1989 and June 2006. In 2008 defence minister, Joel Fitzgibbon instructed the ADF to place a greater emphasis on recruiting women and addressing barriers to women being promoted to senior roles.
On 27 September 2011, Defence Minister Stephen Smith announced that women will be allowed to serve in frontline combat roles by 2016. Women became able to apply for all positions other than special forces roles in the Army on 1 January 2013; it is planned that this remaining restriction will be removed in 2014 once the physical standards required for service in these units are determined. Women will be directly recruited into all frontline combat positions from late 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="21543325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543325" title="Praefoliation">
Praefoliation

Praefoliation refers to the arrangement of parts within an unopened plant bud.

</doc>
<doc id="21543339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543339" title="Chatham Sound">
Chatham Sound

Chatham Sound is a sound on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Dundas and Stephens Islands and the Tsimpsean Peninsula near Prince Rupert, It was named in 1794 by Captain George Vancouver for John Pitt, 2nd Earl of Chatham, whose brother William Pitt, was later to become Prime Minister of Great Britain. Chatham Strait, in the northern Alaska Panhandle, was named for their father William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.

</doc>
<doc id="21543344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543344" title="Prairie Bluff, Alabama">
Prairie Bluff, Alabama

Prairie Bluff, also known as Dale and Daletown, is a ghost town in Wilcox County, Alabama. 
History.
Prairie Bluff first appeared on maps in 1819, the same year that Alabama was admitted to the Union as a state. It was listed erroneously as Prairie Blue on Fielding Lucas' "Geographic, Statistical, and Historical Map of Alabama", printed in Philadelphia in 1822. However, another of Lucas' Alabama maps, also printed in 1822, lists it as Prairie Bluff. It is interchangeably listed as Dale, Daletown, or Prairie Bluff on subsequent maps from the 1830s until the mid-1850s, after which time Prairie Bluff is the only name used. It disappeared from maps altogether around 1900. The historic Greek-Revival style Dale Masonic Lodge No. 25 in Camden, completed in 1848, was originally established in what was known as Dale during 1827. The members voted to move their lodge during the 1840s to the county seat in Camden, incorporated in 1842. The county seat had been a short distance from Prairie Bluff, in the community of Canton Bend, until moved to Barboursville (later renamed Camden) in 1833.
The town was located at the midpoint of an early road that connected Cahaba, the first state capital, and St. Stephens, the territorial capital. Situated atop a cliff overlooking the Alabama River, the town grew as river trade increased. A large cotton slide, used to move bales of cotton from the top of the cliff to paddle steamers on the river below, was located at the site. The steamboat "Pittsburg" sank near Prairie Bluff in May 1828, followed by the "Jewess" on October 28, 1841.
The town was at its height in 1861, but declined rapidly in importance with the introduction of new railroads following the American Civil War. Portions of the site were inundated by the William "Bill" Dannelly Reservoir with the construction of the nearby Millers Ferry Lock and Dam in 1963. The only physical feature that remains at the site today is the Prairie Bluff Cemetery, with marked graves dating from the 1830s to the 1860s.
Geography.
The site of Prairie Bluff is located at , it has an elevation of . The site is located on an exposed portion of the Prairie Bluff Chalk Formation, a geological formation that was named after the town.

</doc>
<doc id="21543425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543425" title="Rolling meth lab">
Rolling meth lab

A rolling meth lab is a transportable laboratory that is used to produce illegally methamphetamine. Rolling meth labs are often moved to a secluded location where the strong, toxic fumes of methamphetamine manufacture cannot be detected and where the toxic manufacturing byproducts can be discarded.They are sometimes designed to manufacture the drug while the lab is traveling.
Transportation hazard.
The process of "cooking" methamphetamine can be dangerous as it involves poisonous, flammable, and explosive chemicals: in November 2001, a rolling meth lab that was carrying anhydrous ammonia exploded on Interstate 24 in southwest Kentucky, prompting law enforcement to shut down the freeway. Such incidents have not only injured the meth producers, but have injured passing motorists and police officers, who are also exposed to dangerous fumes.
The main dangers of transporting depend on the method used to produce the methamphetamine. Anhydrous Ammonia is often stolen from farm sitesAnhydrous and Farming and placed into a household ice cooler or into an old propane tank. Neither the cooler or the propane tank is designed to hold this highly pressurized and volatile gas. Anhydrous means "without water" in general terms. The gas will burn the eyes and throat robbing the body of any moisture. Inhalation of the gas can cause severe lung damage or even death Health Risks. In an accident, the vessels used to contain this gas generally fail. 
Anhydrous though, is an actual method of making methamphetamine. It is far from the most popular method due to the introduction of the Shake and Bake method.Shake and Bake . This method cuts out the need for anhydrous ammonia as well as red phosphorus. All the ingredients are simply placed into a bottle and it's "Shaken" while the chemical reaction occurs. This reaction occurs under pressure and the bottle must be frequently unscrewed to let off pressure. Methamphetamine producers often call this "burping" the bottle. The dangers of transporting a shake and bake lab are similar to that of transporting anhydrous ammonia. If the bottle turns on it's side and certain ingredients combine with each other, an explosion can occur Tulsa Shake and Bake Explosion. This is because an organic solvent such as Coleman fuel is often exposed to lithium and water when the bottle tips, when water hits lithium it will cause combustion. Lithium and Water
The best course of action when finding out that you are near a mobile meth lab is to evacuate the area and wait for the professionals to come. They have specialized training to deal with the dangers of a meth lab.
Toxic effects and dangerous remnants.
As with a home lab, so the remaining fumes from a crude moving methamphetamine lab can be extremely toxic. The surfaces of the vehicle's interior can be coated or impregnated with the poisonous residue, rendering the vehicle worthless. Vehicles stolen for the single purpose of manufacture of the drug are most often considered contaminated and unusable, as exposure to the by-products of the chemical reaction remaining in the vehicle is frequently too dangerous to attempt decontamination. A further complication is that the "cooking" methods for meth frequently change so the proper remediation for a given lab site cannot be assumed from previous known lab methods. Law enforcement Hazmat teams assigned to dispose of the toxic materials must be cautious and receive training on a regular basis.
Law enforcement and detection.
Rolling meth labs can be concealed on or in vehicles as large as 18 wheelers or as small as motorcycles. Rolling labs are more difficult to detect than stationary ones and can be often hidden amidst legal cargo on big trucks. Many recent rolling lab discoveries were the result of an officer just "stumbling" onto them. Improved officer training and checking suspicious vehicles with K-9 units may allow increased detection.

</doc>
<doc id="21543445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543445" title="1992 FIFA Futsal World Championship squads">
1992 FIFA Futsal World Championship squads

This article lists the confirmed national futsal squads for the 1992 FIFA Futsal World Championship tournament held in Hong Kong, between 16 November and 28 November in 1992.
Group A.
Head coach: Vic Hermans
Head coach: Krys Sobieski
Group C.
Head coach: Estaquio Afonso Araujo
Group D.
Head coach:

</doc>
<doc id="21543449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543449" title="Dundas Island (British Columbia)">
Dundas Island (British Columbia)

Dundas Island is an island on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of Chatham Sound to the northwest of Prince Rupert. It is the largest of a group of islands known as the Dundas Islands.
History.
The island and its archipelago were named in 1792 by Captain George Vancouver in honour of the Rt. Hon. Henry Dundas (1742–1811), Treasurer of the Navy, 1783–1801, who was granted the title of Viscount Melville in 1802 and also named "Baron Dunira". The Dundas islands were originally perceived by Vancouver to be one island which he named Dundas's Island. Among the smaller islands of the group are Baron Island, Dunira Island, Melville Island and other small islands and islets on the west side of Chatham Sound between Brown and Caamaño Passages.
Dundas Island in Nunavut, northern Canada is also named after Dundas. 
Dundas' son, Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville is the namesake of Melville Island in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut, and also Melville Island in Australia, which was the site of the short-lived Fort Dundas.

</doc>
<doc id="21543527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543527" title="Lô Borges">
Lô Borges

Lô Borges (Born Salomão Borges Filho on January 10, 1952) is a Brazilian songwriter, singer and guitarist.
He was one of the founders of Clube da Esquina, a music collective originating in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. He co-authored with Milton Nascimento the album "Clube da Esquina" in 1972, which was a milestone in Brazilian popular music. Among his most famous compositions are "Paisagem da Janela", "Para Lennon e McCartney", "Clube da Esquina No. 2", "Trem de Doido" and "O Trem Azul".

</doc>
<doc id="21543530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543530" title="List of CPBL wins champions">
List of CPBL wins champions

CPBL recognizes wins champions in the each season.

</doc>
<doc id="21543580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543580" title="Joliet Regional Airport">
Joliet Regional Airport

Joliet Regional Airport is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) west of the central business district of Joliet, a city in Will County, Illinois, United States. It is owned by the Joliet Park District.
The airport is also 37 miles (60 kilometers) southwest of Chicago. It opened in April 1930.
History.
Joliet's first airport, Originally known as Joliet Municipal Airport, was proposed by Illinois Senator Richard Barr in the mid-1920s. It was operated by the Joliet Park District, the first airport in the country to be operated by such an authority. The land was purchased in September 1928 and the airport was built with assistance from the United States Department of Commerce. The airport was dedicated in September 1930, with an aerobatics show and bomb-dropping. The Park District relocated their main office to the airport. Most operations were transferred to a new airfield in 1940. A transmitter is still functional at the old airport and the hangar was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Facilities and aircraft.
Joliet Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 581 feet (177 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 12/30 is 2,937 by 100 feet (895 x 30 m) with an asphalt pavement and 4/22 is 2,746 by 150 feet (837 x 45m) with a turf surface.
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2006, the airport had 25,000 aircraft operations, an average of 68 per day: 89% general aviation, 8% air taxi, and 3% military. At that time there were 114 aircraft based at this airport: 91% single-engine, 6% multi-engine and 3% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="21543589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543589" title="Harold John Finlay">
Harold John Finlay

Harold John Finlay (22 March 1901 - 7 April 1951) was a New Zealander palaeontologist and conchologist. He was born in Comilla, India (now Bangladesh), on 22 March 1901.
His main research interest was marine and non-marine malacofauna of New Zealand, both recent and fossil. He also specialized on fossil Foraminifera.
He was the recipient of the Hector Memorial Medal in 1941.
Bibliography.
Many of Finlay's works were published in "Transactions and Proceedings of the Royal Society of New Zealand" abbreviated as "Trans. N.Z. Inst."
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1930
1931
1938
1940
1946
1947
1950

</doc>
<doc id="21543611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543611" title="Global Trade Exchange">
Global Trade Exchange

The Global Trade Exchange (GTX) was mentioned ina 2007 Wikileaks cable as an intelligence agency trade data project, run by the Department of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Patrol, intended to involve many other intelligence agencies worldwide.
DHS Intelligence Trade Data Project.
In Spring of 2007 DHS Secretary Michael Chertoff began to actively promote the Global Trade Exchange to the media and trade community as a commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) database, able to provide unique and vital national security protection from 'all hazards' threats, Senior DHS Customs officials, described the GTX as a repository of corporate data, and transportation shipping data. Congress noted the GTX description as a COTS tool and placed it into the July 2007 Homeland Security Appropriations budget bill; this done above the vociferous objections of the U.S. private sector. Three major U.S. trade consortia rendered written and spoken testimony to Congress, expressing concerns about the sudden arrival of this new tool, the secrecy surrounding it, as well as posing questions as to why the U.S. Government would be sharing collected corporate data with foreign governments, such as Secretary Chertoff described.
Ports-related "Financial Services Data Warehouse".
[[https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B06fG69EeOKRM2E2OTcyMjEtNzkyNi00MTM3LTllNzEtMDcxNWYxZGY2M2Q2Financial Services Data Warehouse
The early version of the Global Trade Exchange, presented at APEC seminar, Chile 2004]]
GTX was championed by former State Department official Jon D. Glassman, most famous for having drafted the White Paper on El Salvador and for serving as Chargé des Affairs in the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan during CIA operations to support the Mujahadeen. Between 2004-2007, Mr. Glassman championed the Global Trade Exchange at various APEC counter-terrorism meetings and intergovernmental meetings in the Middle East, as a means of foregoing U.S. Congressional requirements for 100 per cent scanning of shipping containers.
In 2004, As early as 2004, Ambassador Glassman proposed, at various APEC counter-terrorism seminars, the Global Trade Exchange as an unregulated financial exchange using port-shipping manifest data, i.e. the as a Northrop Grumman-led Financial Services Data Warehouse. A relationship to stock-trading was clear, but the relationship to counter-terrorism not. Many U.S. financial services sector presented this kind of tool for hedge-fund risk management.
2007: DHS Secretary Chertoff spearheads project.
"DHS," Chertoff said, "is piloting, on a voluntary basis, a system that would provide expanded global access to trade information." This system would involve the submission of an even broader range of data by a wider variety of supply chain actors to a third-party global trade exchange (GTX) that could be accessed by government agencies. More information would allow CBP to be more precise in identifying risks and to thus conduct fewer and better-targeted container inspections. Chertoff stressed that the GTX operator would be a "trusted aggregator" and that there would be "a stringent rule set" to make sure that sensitive business information is not "divulged or shared to competitors." He noted that CBP hopes to put out a request for proposal on such a system in the "very near future.""
Although never fully explained in terms of content, the Global Trade Exchange was noted as being one of the three pillars of the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) strategy for trade data-gathering.
The Global Trade Exchange was touted as a ready-made project run by a private-sector company in cooperation with foreign governments; data was to have been obtained on a voluntary basis by companies. On July 26, 2007 Senator Patty Murray added the GTX to the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations budget, by adding Amendment (S.2499) into H.R. 2638.
Controversy about secrecy.
U.S. trade groups expressed strong displeasure at the sudden implemenation of the new project, as well as with the general lack of transparency, public interaction, and disclosure about GTX. These groups found the lack of information regarding justification for, and modalities such as were related to, data-sharing with foreign governments, particularly disturbing.
These U.S. trade groups provided formal complaints and testimony to various Federal agencies, as well as various Congressional Committees and Subcommittees. These communications noted concerns that they didn't know the business-reporting sources of data nor what the data were; these groups were normally very involved with such definitions. Also, DHS mentions of using the GTX to share private sector data with foreign governments caused US industry risible worries about business data confidentiality. In December 2007, a request for quote and statement of work were put forth by the DHS.
Congressional funding awarded.
Despite the controversy, Global Trade Exchange was allocated $13 million as part of the DHS section of the 2008 Consolidated Appropriations Budget, in January 2008. Northrup Grumman presented the GTX in late February as part of wider DOD supply-chain "GEX" data-warehousing projects.
This legislation was drafted by House Homeland Security Chief Counsel Denise Krepp.
Discussed by the Senate Finance Committee.
On March 13, 2008, the Global Trade Exchange was discussed in the Senate Finance Committee, as part of the data-gathering program framework of the Homeland Security Department. The topic was presented by Mr. Sam Banks, Executive Vice President of Sandler and Travis Trade Advisory Services, the firm which won the no-bid award for the GTX in January 2008. Sandler, Travis and Rosenberg is a customs law and international trade consultancy firm known for management of the IBERC database used under the GATT textiles agreement, the Multifibre arrangement (MFA).
Global Trade Exchange project.
Despite that the GTX was, in principle, a ready-to-purchase database of corporate data which was collected, the actual content of the global trade exchange was never fully presented to either the media nor to U.S. trade groups. Clues to the premise of the project can be found in the GTX statement of work, provided in the 2008 request for quote, released to a small select group of companies, in December 2008.
The commercial transaction data was to have been run by a private company information broker performing the following functions: 
2008: On hold for further study.
Three weeks after public presentations at U.S. trade conferences, and two months after funding was awarded by Congress, DHS customs official Jayon Ahern announced publicly that the project was premature, and would be delayed for further study.; it remained delayed as from Basham's departure, yet is again part of the 2009 DHS appropriations budget and remains under study for future implementation. In the U.S. House, House Homeland Security Appropriations Chairman David Price (D-NC) has repeatedly expressed wishes for results on the project. As late as May 1, 2009 Commissioner Ahern was providing explanations to Congressman David Price about the DHS ongoing pursuit to find the commercially available COTS database.
Global Trade Exchange in Wikileaks.
Wikileaks documents revealed the U.S. customs and border patrol (CBP) activity in "selling" the Global Trade Exchange (GTX) to the international intelligence community in a cable from Wellington New Zealand, which stated that 
Noting that the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol would

</doc>
<doc id="21543635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543635" title="Twoseventeen">
Twoseventeen

Twoseventeen is the debut album of the American Christian Rock band Pax217, released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="21543642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543642" title="Peter Washington">
Peter Washington

Peter Washington (born in Los Angeles on August 28, 1964) is a jazz double bassist. He initially played classical bass and played with the Westchester Community Symphony at the age of 14. Later he worked with electric bass and in rock bands. He went on to study English at the University of California, Berkeley. At Berkeley he became interested in jazz and began freelancing in the San Francisco Bay area. In 1986 he joined the Jazz Messengers and moved to New York City. Since then he has worked in the Tommy Flanagan trio and for Bill Charlap, and was a founding member of the collective hard bop sextet One for All. Additionally he can be heard on "Eastwood After Hours" and on pianist Jon Weber's album "Simple Complex".
In 2008, Washington became part of The Blue Note 7, a septet formed that year in honor of the 70th anniversary of Blue Note Records. The group recorded an album in 2008, entitled "", which was released in 2009 on Blue Note Records/EMI, and toured the United States in promotion of the album from January until April 2009.[http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/news.php?id=23494] The group plays the music of Blue Note Records from various artists, with arrangements by members of the band and Renee Rosnes. He is currently performing with Benny Green (pianist) and drummer Kenny Washington (musician).
Discography.
As sideman.
With Art Blakey
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Jonny King
With Bennie Wallace
With Ferit Odman 
'"With Terrell Stafford
With Burak Bedikyan
Has been playing with pianist Dado Moroni on European dates

</doc>
<doc id="21543643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543643" title="Parada de Cima">
Parada de Cima

Parada de Cima is a hamlet in the parish of Fonte de Angeão, whose municipality is Vagos, district of Aveiro (Portugal).

</doc>
<doc id="21543673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543673" title="Guy Johnson (disambiguation)">
Guy Johnson (disambiguation)

Guy Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21543704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543704" title="Fonte de Angeão">
Fonte de Angeão

Fonte de Angeão is a parish of Vagos, a municipality whose district is Aveiro (Portugal).
It includes three hamlets : Fonte de Angeão, Parada de Cima and Gandara.

</doc>
<doc id="21543708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543708" title="Fleishman">
Fleishman

Fleishman can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21543715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543715" title="NBA All-Star Weekend Celebrity Game">
NBA All-Star Weekend Celebrity Game

The NBA All-Star Celebrity Game is an annual exhibition basketball game held by the National Basketball Association that takes place annually during the NBA All-Star Weekend and features retired NBA players, WNBA players, actors, musicians, and athletes from sports other than basketball.
The game was first held during the 2002–03 season as part of the NBA All-Star Weekend in Atlanta, Georgia. The NBA All-Star Celebrity Game is played on Friday in the same host city as the NBA All-Star Game. However, the game is not held in the same arena as all the other All-Star Saturday events. Instead, it is held on the NBA Jam Session's practice court.
Rules.
The game is played with the standard NBA rules however are several rule changes that are used in this game. 
2003 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The inaugural NBA All-Star Celebrity game was played on Friday, February 7, 2003 at the Georgia World Congress Center in Atlanta, Georgia. 
Celebrities like Justin Timberlake and Jamie Foxx highlighted this NBA All-Star Celebrity game playing alongside WNBA players, NBA legends, and other celebrities. Former NBA players and current Inside the NBA analysts Kenny Smith and Charles Barkley were the opposing coaches. Kenny Smith and the Jets wound up winning in a tight-knit game 46-43.
2004 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2004 McDonald's NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, February 13, 2004 at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
The NBA All-Star Celebrity Game featured celebrities from Paris Hilton to Bill Walton. Although Richard Jefferson of the Lakers led all scorers with 16 points, the Lakers would lose to the Braves 60-52.
2005 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2005 McDonald's NBA All-Star Celebrity Game sponsored by Sprite was played on Friday, February 18, 2005 at the Colorado Convention Center in Denver, Colorado.
Rapper Nelly, pop rock singer Ryan Cabrera, rapper/actor Ice Cube, and actor Danny Masterson were among some of the celebrities who participated. After playing the first half with the Nuggets, Entertainment Tonight correspondent Kevin Frazier played the second half with Team Denver. R&B Singer Brian McKnight scored the game winning basket as he threw in an off-balance shot that sailed in while getting the foul call with 9.9 seconds in the fourth quarter, and he was named the first ever MVP of the NBA All-Star Celebrity game.
2006 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2006 McDonald's NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, February 17, 2006 at the George R. Brown Convention Center in Houston, Texas.
Nelly was named MVP with a game-high 14 points and 12 rebounds and hit H-Town's only two three-pointers in a losing effort as the Clutch City Team beat the H-Town Team 37-33.
2007 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2007 McDonald's NBA All-Star Celebrity Game Presented by 2K Sports was played on Friday, February 16, 2007 at the Las Vegas Convention Center in Winchester, Nevada. Jamie Foxx was scheduled to play but did not play to perform at a concert later that night. Donald Faison started for the East but was traded to the West team in exchanged for no one during the second quarter. During the third quarter New Orleans Saints running back and West player Reggie Bush slightly sprained his right ankle and did not play the rest of the game. However, Access Hollywood correspondent and fellow West teammate Tony Potts scored 14 points and eight rebounds for the West team as he helped the West beat the East 40-21 and was named the game's MVP. During the game, Jazz Bear, the mascot of the Utah Jazz, ESPN reporter Jim Gray, and former NBA player Jerome Williams played a few minutes in the game.
2008 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, February 15, 2008 at the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. A total of 17 celebrities took part in the game. The game was marked by a surprise appearance by Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Terrell Owens in the middle of the second quarter, where he joined and played with the New Orleans team. Owens scored 18 points including a dunk. He was named MVP of the game after helping his team win 51-50. ESPN analyst Ric Bucher was the commissioner for the game.
2009 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2009 McDonald's NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, February 13, 2009 at the Phoenix Convention Center in Phoenix, Arizona. A total of 17 celebrities took part in the game. Basketball Hall of Famers Magic Johnson and Julius Erving, who combined for 23 NBA All-Star appearances, served as coaches for the celebrity teams. NBA legends, Dominique Wilkins and Clyde Drexler, were joined by former players, Dan Majerle and Rick Fox, in the celebrity team roster. WNBA stars Lisa Leslie and Kara Lawson also participated in the game along with four Harlem Globetrotters players.
Previous year's MVP, Terrell Owens scored a game-high 17 points and led the East Sunrisers to a 60–57 victory over the West Sunsetters. Owens, an American football star for Dallas Cowboys, was named as the Celebrity Game MVP for the second year in a row. The game was marked by a surprise appearance by another Hall of Famer Nancy Lieberman in the middle of the game, where she joined and played with the East Sunrisers. ESPN play-by-play commentator Mike Breen also made a surprise appearance as the referee for the game.
2010 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2010 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game presented by Final Fantasy XIII was played on Friday, February 12, 2010 at the Dallas Convention Center in Dallas, Texas. A total of 20 celebrities took part in the game, including several former basketball players. Basketball Hall of Famer Magic Johnson and five-time NBA All-Star Alonzo Mourning, served as coaches for the celebrity teams. Three former NBA players, Robert Horry, Rick Fox and Chris Mullin, along with Hall of Famer Nancy Lieberman and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, participated in the game. The West team won 41–37 over the East. "Special K" Daley, one of the four Harlem Globetrotters player that participated in the game, scored game-high 18 points for the West. Actor Michael Rapaport, who scored 4 points, was named as the Celebrity Game MVP for his defense on football player Terrell Owens, the MVP of the last two Celebrity Games. Owens, who played both college basketball and football in Chattanooga, led the East with 10 points. The Globetrotters, joined by "Curly" Neal and "Bucket" Blakes, entertained the crowd during the timeouts with their signature ball-handling tricks.
2011 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2011 BBVA Celebrity All-Star Game was played on Friday, February 18 at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California. The head coaches were Basketball Hall of Famers Bill Walton and Magic Johnson. Their assistants were comedians Ty Burrell and Jason Alexander. Each team featured fake "general managers" who simulated to have chosen the team.
The game's MVP was chosen by voting through text messaging and social media. At the end of the game, Justin Bieber was announced the MVP. Bieber scored eight points (3-11 FG), and had two rebounds and four assists. NBA legend Chris Mullin said of Bieber, "He's got a nice little game... but more importantly, he's got great passion. It looked like he loves the game."
2012 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2012 Sprint NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, February 24, 2012 at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Florida. Participants in 2012's version of the game include J.Cole, Common, Vinny Guadagnino, Kevin Hart, and Ne-Yo.
Arne Duncan scored 17 points, and grabbed eight rebounds for the East, but teammate Kevin Hart, who recorded 8 points and 6 assists, was named the game's MVP. Hart was also given two technical fouls and was ejected from the game with about a minute to go in the fourth quarter for protesting a call made against him. The East won the game 86-54. Orlando Magic center Dwight Howard coached for the East team and Oklahoma City Thunder forward Kevin Durant coached the West team.
2013 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2013 Sprint NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, February 15, 2013 at the Sprint Arena in Houston, Texas. The game featured 18 players, including Jamaican Olympic sprinter Usain Bolt, Entertainment Tonight correspondent Rocsi Diaz, actor Josh Hutcherson, ABC News correspondent John Schriffen, and Kevin Hart. Oklahoma City Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook and Houston Rockets shooting guard James Harden served as the game's head coaches.
Josh Hutcherson was the leading scorer of the East Team with 11 points which including three 3-pointers. Arne Duncan and Terrence Jenkins were the leading scorers of the West Team with 11 points; teammate Kevin Hart, however, who scored five points, three rebounds, and one assist, was named Celebrity Game MVP for the second successive year. Hart became the second player to the win the Most Valuable Player award twice joining Terrell Owens, who won it in 2008 and 2009.
2014 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
The 2014 Sprint NBA All-Star Celebrity Game was played on Friday, 14 February 2014 from the Sprint Arena at the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. The game featured 18 players including comedian/actor and two-time Celebrity Game MVP Kevin Hart, Victoria's Secret model Erin Heatherton, ESPN "Mike & Mike" co-hosts Mike Golic and Mike Greenberg, hip-hop artist Snoop Dogg, Actor Michael B. Jordan ("The Wire"), United States Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, and others. ESPN's "NBA Countdown" co-hosts Bill Simmons and Jalen Rose were the head coaches. Brandon Franklin was a fan who won the Sprint's Assistant Coach For A Day Sweepstakes and he served as assistant coach for the East team.
Arne Duncan led the way with a celebrity game record of 20 points, and added 11 rebounds, and six assists as the East team beat the West team 60-56. The West's Kevin Hart scored 7 points and 4 assists was once again voted MVP by the fans, however due to his lackluster play he passed the award to Arne Duncan. 

</doc>
<doc id="21543727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543727" title="List of prions">
List of prions

This is a list of the Genera, Species, and Sub-species belonging to the Prions, which belong to the "Procellariiformes".

</doc>
<doc id="21543730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543730" title="Tutin (toxin)">
Tutin (toxin)

Tutin is a poisonous plant derivative found in the New Zealand tutu plant (Coriaria arborea, "Coriaria" genus, several different species). It acts as a potent antagonist of the glycine receptor, and has powerful convulsant effects. It is used in scientific research into the glycine receptor, and is also sometimes associated with outbreaks of toxic honey poisoning when bees feed honeydew exudate from the sap-sucking insect commonly known as the passion vine hopper, when these vine hoppers (Scolypopa australis) have been feeding on the sap of tutu bushes. Toxic honey is a rare event and is more likely to occur when comb honey is eaten directly from a hive that has been harvesting honeydew from passion vine hoppers feeding on tutu plants.

</doc>
<doc id="21543759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543759" title="Fish River (Oberon)">
Fish River (Oberon)

Fish River, a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the central western district of New South Wales, Australia.
The Fish River rises on the plateau south east of Oberon, and flows generally to the north-west, becoming the main headwater of the Macquarie River just east of Bathurst. The river is impounded by a reservoir near Oberon which supplies water for the region. The Fish River descends over its course.
The Fish River was given its name by George Evans in 1813, because of the large number of fish they found in it, being a rare permanent stream.

</doc>
<doc id="21543762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543762" title="Salvia napifolia">
Salvia napifolia

Salvia napifolia is a herbaceous perennial native to Turkey and islands off its west coast, growing at elevations between sea level and 3,000 feet. Its natural habitat is maquis shrubland, rocky slopes, and disturbed roadsides. It was described by Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin in 1773, with the specific epithet "napifolia" referring to the leaves being shaped like a turnip.
"Salvia napifolia" is small and clumping, with many upright stems, and soft leaves lightly covered with hairs. Widely spaced and dense whorls of flowers grow on 1 foot inflorescences, with several inflorescences coming into bloom at the same time. The tiny flowers are pale lavender to purplish violet, with equal length calyx and corolla, measuring about .5 inch in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="21543763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543763" title="Qixia District">
Qixia District

Qixia District () is one of 11 districts of Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province, China, straddling both sides of the Yangtze River. 
It has an area of 80 km2 and a population of 400,000.
Natural and historical sites.
Qixia Mountain is in Qixia District. Qixia Temple, a Southern Tang Buddhist temple, is there. During the Qing Dynasty, Emperor Qianlong praised it as the most elegant mountain in Jinling.
A number of Liang Dynasty tombs are in the district, primarily in and around the Ganjiaxiang section of the district. Among them, particularly well known is that of Xiao Xiu (475–518), containing one of the best surviving sets of the period's statuary.
Geography.
Qixia District includes northern and northeastern parts of the greater Nanjing area, on the right (southeastern) side of the Yangtze River.
Administration.
The government of Qixia District administers five subdistricts and three towns. They are:
Economy.
Qixia Town is an important land and water transport hub. It is connected to the Shanghai-Nanjing Railway. The No. 312 National Highway and Qixia Highway runs through it. 
It is also connected to the adjacent Second Yangtze River Bridge and Xinshengwei Port to the west, and Shanghai-Nanjing Expressway to the south, opposite the Yangtze River to the north, and east of Longtan Deep Water Port.
Education.
Qixia district is the location of the Xianlin University City which hosts ten major universities from Jiangsu province.
Nanjing International School Pre-k - 12 school for Foreign Students
Qixia is 16 km from Nanjing City Central Business District and 40 km from Nanjing Lukou International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21543800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543800" title="Caamaño Passage">
Caamaño Passage

Caamaño Passage is a strait on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Dundas and Zayas Islands on the west side of Chatham Sound near Prince Rupert. It was named for Jacinto Caamaño, commander of the Spanish exploration ship "Aranzazu" which had been on this coast in 1792, by Captain Learmouth of the HMS "Egeria", who had been making a survey of Zayas Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21543811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543811" title="Will Rogers Bowl">
Will Rogers Bowl

The Will Rogers Bowl was a postseason college football bowl game held in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on January 1, 1947. It was intended to be an annual event, but was discontinued after the first edition. The game featured Pepperdine, a first-year football program, and Nebraska Wesleyan.
Pepperdine, a school based in Los Angeles, California, was then known as George Pepperdine College (GPC), and the football team finished its first-ever season of play with an 8–1 record. After 1950, the Pepperdine football program struggled, and was eventually discontinued in 1961. In the last two years of the team's existence, it compiled a 1–17 record.
Nebraska-Wesleyan's football program started in 1896. The program was discontinued in 1897 but resumed in 1908. The football program had never been to a bowl game as well and went 7-0-3 (3 ties) and was coached by George "Bus" Knight in his first year as a college coach. The mascot names for Nebraska-Wesleyan have changed from Coyotes to Sun Flowers to Plainsmen to Prairie Wolves and the program has won 22 conference titles. The football program continues to this day.
The game was played on January 1, 1947 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It was named in honor of Will Rogers, a famous Oklahoma native and self-proclaimed "Cowboy Philosopher," who had died in a plane crash the previous decade. A snow storm hit Oklahoma City just before the game and the game was only attended by 800 people. Nebraska-Wesleyan led 13-0 in the first half but Pepperdine came back to win the game 38-13.
The bowl game remains Nebraska-Wesleyan and Pepperdine's only college bowl appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="21543834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543834" title="Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi">
Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi

Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi is the autobiography of the nineteenth-century clown Joseph Grimaldi.
Provenance.
The book's accuracy is hard to establish, since it went through a number of revisions, not all with Grimaldi's input. Grimaldi's original manuscript, which he mostly dictated, was about 400 pages long; he completed it in December 1836. The original "excessively voluminous" version was apparently not good enough for publication, and in early 1837 he signed a contract with a collaborator, the obscure Grub Street writer Thomas Egerton Wilks, to "rewrite, revise, and correct" the manuscript. However, two months after signing the contract, Grimaldi died, and Wilks finished the job on his own, not only cutting and condensing the original but introducing extra material based on his conversations with Grimaldi. Wilks made no indication as to which parts of his production were actually written by Grimaldi and which parts were original to Wilks. He also chose to change Grimaldi's first-person narration to the third person.
In September 1837, Wilks offered the "Memoirs" to Richard Bentley, publisher of the magazine "Bentley's Miscellany". Bentley bought it, after securing the copyright from Grimaldi's estate, but he thought it was still too long and also poorly edited, so he asked one of his favorite young writers, the novelist Charles Dickens, then twenty-five years old, to re-edit and re-write it. At first Dickens was not inclined to take the job, and he wrote to Bentley in October 1837:
I have thought the matter over, and looked it over, too. It is very badly done, and is so redolent of twaddle that I fear I cannot take it up on any conditions to which you would be disposed to accede. I should require to be assured three hundred pounds in the first instance without any reference to the sale – and as I should be bound to stipulate in addition that the book should not be published in numbers I think it would scarcely serve your purpose.
However, Bentley agreed to Dickens' terms (a guarantee of three hundred pounds and an agreement to publish the book all at once, and not in monthly numbers). Dickens signed a contract in November 1837, and completed the job in January 1838, mostly by dictation. Dickens seems never to have seen Grimaldi's original manuscript (which remained in the hands of the executor), but only worked from Wilks' version, which he heavily edited and re-wrote. Bentley published it in two octavo volumes in February 1838.
How faithful this twice-edited, twice-rewritten version is to the original cannot now be determined, since the original manuscript was sold at an estate sale in 1874 and has never been seen since.

</doc>
<doc id="21543877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543877" title="Baba Punhan">
Baba Punhan

Baba Punhan, born Atababa Seyidali oglu Madatzadeh (), (5 November 1948, Baku – 17 April 2004, Baku, Azerbaijan), was an Azerbaijani poet.
Biography.
He was called up for military service in 1968, which he served in Kiev.
Music.
Throughout his career he composed numerous pieces of meykhana based on modern Azerbaijan.
List of works.
Baba Punhan published about 278 ghazals. His most well-known books include:

</doc>
<doc id="21543910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543910" title="Public holidays in Kyrgyzstan">
Public holidays in Kyrgyzstan

This is the list of public holidays in Kyrgyzstan:
Two additional Muslim holidays "Orozo Ait" and "Kurman Ait" are defined by lunar calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="21543924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543924" title="Nobutaka Shinomiya">
Nobutaka Shinomiya

When the 2010 Haiti earthquake occurred, Ambassador Shinomiya headed the Japanese emergency survey team.

</doc>
<doc id="21543926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543926" title="Martin Fleischmann">
Martin Fleischmann

Martin Fleischmann FRS (29 March 1927 – 3 August 2012) was a British chemist noted for his work in electrochemistry. Premature announcement of his cold fusion research with Stanley Pons, regarding excess heat in heavy water, led to their names being identified with the frenzy, controversy, and backlash that followed, although they continued their interest and research in cold fusion.
Early life.
Born in Karlovy Vary, Czechoslovakia, in 1927. Since his father was of Jewish heritage, Fleischmann's family moved to the Netherlands and then to England in 1938, to avoid Nazi persecution. He received a PhD from Imperial College London in 1950.
Career.
1950s – 1983.
Fleischmann went on to teach at King's College, Durham University, which in 1963 became the newly established University of Newcastle upon Tyne. In 1967, Fleischmann became Professor of Electrochemistry at the University of Southampton, occupying the Faraday Chair of Chemistry. From 1970 to 1972, he was president of the International Society of Electrochemists. In 1973, together with Patrick J. Hendra and A. James McQuillan, he played an important role in the discovery of Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering effect (SERS) a contribution for which the University of Southampton was awarded a National Chemical Landmark plaque by the Royal Society of Chemistry in 2013, and he developed the ultramicroelectrode in the 1980s. In 1979, he was awarded the medal for electrochemistry and thermodynamics by the Royal Society of London. In 1982 he retired from the University of Southampton. In 1985 he received the Palladium Medal from the US Electrochemical Society, and in 1986 was elected to the Fellowship of the Royal Society. He retired from teaching in 1983 and was given an honorary professorship at Southampton University.
Cold fusion.
Fleischmann confided to Stanley Pons that he might have found what he believed to be a way to create nuclear fusion at room temperatures. From 1983 to 1989, he and Pons spent $100,000 in self-funded experiments at the University of Utah. Fleischmann wanted to publish it first in an obscure journal, and had already spoken with a team that was doing similar work in a different university for a joint publication. The details have not surfaced, but it would seem that the University of Utah wanted to establish priority over the discovery and its patents by making a public announcement before the publication. In an interview with "60 Minutes" on 19 April 2009, Fleischmann said that the public announcement was the university's idea, and that he regretted doing it. This decision would later cause heavy criticism against Fleischmann and Pons, being perceived as a breach of how science is usually communicated to other scientists.
On 23 March 1989 it was finally announced at a press conference as "a sustained nuclear fusion reaction," which was quickly labeled by the press as cold fusion– a result previously thought to be unattainable. On 26 March Fleischmann warned on the "Wall Street Journal Report" not to try replications until a published paper was available two weeks later in "Journal of Electroanalytical Chemistry", but that did not stop hundreds of scientists who had already started work at their laboratories the moment they heard the news on 23 March, and more often than not they failed to reproduce the effects. Those who failed to reproduce the claim attacked the pair for fraudulent, sloppy, and unethical work;
incomplete, unreproducible, and inaccurate results; and erroneous interpretations. When the paper was finally published, both electrochemists and physicists called it "sloppy" and "uninformative", and it was said that, had Fleischmann and Pons waited for the publication of their paper, most of the trouble would have been avoided because scientists would not have gone so far in trying to test their work. Fleischmann and Pons sued an Italian journalist who had published very harsh criticisms against them, but the judge rejected it saying that criticisms were appropriate given the scientists' behaviour, the lack of evidence since the first announcement, and the lack of interest shown by the scientific community, and that they were an expression of the journalist's "right of reporting". Fleischmann, Pons and the researchers who believed that they had replicated the effect remain convinced the effect is real, but the general scientific community remains skeptical.
In 2009, Mike McKubre concluded from his attempt to duplicate the "Fleischmann-Pons Effect", that there is "heat production consistent with nuclear but not chemical energy or known lattice storage effect". This was an extension of the work done by Miles at the Navy Laboratory (NAWCWD) at China Lake, California (1990-1994).
1992 – 2012.
In 1992, Fleischmann moved to France with Pons to continue their work at the IMRA laboratory (part of Technova Corporation, a subsidiary of Toyota), but in 1995 he retired and returned to England. He co-authored further papers with researchers from the U.S. Navy and Italian national laboratories (INFN and ENEA), on the subject of cold fusion. In March 2006, "Solar Energy Limited" division "D2Fusion Inc" announced in a press release that Fleischmann, then 79, would be acting as their senior scientific advisor.
Death.
Fleischmann died at home, on 3 August 2012, of natural causes. He had suffered from Parkinson’s disease, diabetes and heart disease.
2013.
A documentary film about the works and experiments of cold fusion by Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons went out. It is called
"The Believers", a trailer of this movie can be seen at the following website address: http://www.thebelieversmovie.com/.

</doc>
<doc id="21543939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543939" title="2,6-Dichlorophenol">
2,6-Dichlorophenol

2,6-Dichlorophenol is a compound with formula C6H3Cl2OH. It is one of the six isomers of dichlorophenol.

</doc>
<doc id="21543944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543944" title="Lyrikline.org">
Lyrikline.org

lyrikline.org hosts contemporary international poetry as audio (read by the authors) and text (original versions & translations), plus bibliographies and biographies for each poet.
lyrikline.org was started in November 1999 as a German-language site. In November, 2000, lyrikline.org expanded into a multilingual platform. 
In November 2001, several institutions, including the Goethe-Institut and the Central and Regional Library for Berlin established a lyrikline.org network to promote the international exchange of poets, poetry and translations by supporting the web site.
lyrikline.org is a project supported by the German Commission for UNESCO and of the former president of the German Parliament, Wolfgang Thierse. lyrikline.org was honored as a notable cultural project with the United Nations Logo for 2001 “Year of Dialogue among Civilizations.” In 2005, lyrikline.org won the Grimme Online Award for Culture and Entertainment, the jury stating that it was an outstanding combination of content, form and function. In 2008 it was given the title "Ort im Land der Ideen" ("Landmark in the Land of Ideas") during the Literaturwerkstatt Berlin (Literature Workshop of Berlin).
703 poets, 6334 poems, 55 mother tongues and 7665 translations into 52 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="21543949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543949" title="Lacrosse in Pennsylvania">
Lacrosse in Pennsylvania

Lacrosse has been played in Pennsylvania since the 19th century. Today, there are many respected amateur programs at the club, college and high school level, as well as several respected past and present professional teams at the National Lacrosse League (NLL) and Major League Lacrosse (MLL) levels.
College Lacrosse in Pennsylvania.
College Lacrosse Beginnings.
Intercollegiate lacrosse can trace its roots to 1877, when New York University beat Manhattan College two to zero. Also in 1877, the Boston Lacrosse Club lacrosse was started up at Harvard, though a true "varsity" team at Harvard was not established until 1880. In 1879, the United States Amateur Lacrosse Association was formed by John R. Flannery, a well-known Canadian club player, to coordinate the efforts of private, amateur lacrosse clubs in several Northeast cities, including one club that formed in Bradford, Pennsylvania. Flannery had grown up in Canada, been a member of the Montreal Shamrocks Lacrosse Club, and subsequently moved to the United States where he played for a number of amateur east coast lacrosse clubs. In 1878 he organized a game billed as the 'National Championship' between Union Lacrosse Club and Ravenswood Lacrosse Club of New York City. Encouraged by the turnout of some 40,000 spectators, Flannery set about organizing the disparate lacrosse clubs into a cohesive organization. Ravenswood Lacrosse Club with John Flannery went on to influence lacrosse at several other colleges, playing a well-publicized game against New York University in 1879.
In 1881, the first ever intercollegiate lacrosse tournament was held, with Harvard defeating Princeton in the final, 3-0. This series led to the formation of a league in 1882, known as the Inter-Collegiate Lacrosse Association (the ICLA, later the ILA), which included New York University, Columbia, Princeton and Harvard. At the same time, Flannery's United States Amateur Lacrosse Association comprised eleven college and club teams, but by 1886 the number of clubs had risen to greater than 40. College organizations, including a varsity team at Lehigh University, soon were seeking admittance to the ILA. Lehigh fielded its first varsity squad in 1885, with the University of Pennsylvania, and Lafayette College at the club level, following suit in 1890. Lehigh and Swarthmore were accepted as members in the ILA in 1888 and 1891, respectively.
The first tournament for lacrosse supremacy during this period was known as the Oelrichs Cup, sponsored by Hermann Oelrichs, and first offered up in a tournament format in 1881. Oelrichs was the first president of the United States National Amateur Lacrosse Association, a precursor to the USILA, and he was a member of the New York Lacrosse Club. The Oelrichs Cup was played for much of the 1880s. Arnold K. Reese as part of a powerful Baltimore lacrosse club, won the Oelrichs Cup in 1890. At this time also, Reese had been the main force behind starting up varsity lacrosse at Lehigh. Reese's efforts would lead to Lehigh being one of the early college lacrosse powers.
Development of USILA.
In 1898, the United States Inter-university Lacrosse League was formed with Harvard, Columbia, Cornell and Pennsylvania as charter members. The first game of the new "inter-university" lacrosse championship (now known as the Ivy League title) was played in New York City between Columbia University and the University of Pennsylvania, resulting in a victory for Penn by the score of 4 to 3 on April 27, 1901. By 1905, sufficient interest in lacrosse had occurred to allow for the official combination of the Inter-Collegiate Lacrosse Association and the United States Inter-university Lacrosse League. In December 1905, representatives from all the colleges in the two leagues met in New York and formed the United States Inter-Collegiate Lacrosse League, the USICLL initially, soon to be known as the USILL. The colleges entering into this association were Columbia, Cornell, Harvard, Johns Hopkins, Lehigh, Pennsylvania, Stevens and Swarthmore.
During the first 30 years of organized varsity college lacrosse, known alternately as the ICLA, ILA, USICLL, USILL and USILA, Lehigh and Swarthmore were dominant teams, with the two teams being voted National Champions of college lacrosse a combined ten seasons. Glenn "Pop" Warner, the Hall of Fame football coach at the Carlisle Indian School (PA) from 1899 to 1903, substituted lacrosse for baseball during the spring season because he said, "Lacrosse is a developer of health and strength. It is a game that spectators rave over once they understand it." It is also likely that lacrosse, a contact sport, helped prepare his football players for the fall season. In 1917, Lehigh, which went undefeated for two straight seasons, won the USILL championship by defeating Penn in overtime 5 to 4 at Franklin Field in a title matchup. By 1920, the USILL had expanded to include teams from Syracuse, Rutgers, Penn State and, encouraged by Pop Warner, even considered adding a varsity team at the University of Pittsburgh. In 1920, college lacrosse realigned their association, adding a Southern Division, which included powerful teams from Lehigh, Penn and Swarthmore along with traditional Maryland power Johns Hopkins. The United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (USILA), the organization still in existence today, officially was formed in November 1925.
College Lacrosse Development in Pennsylvania.
Lehigh fielded its first varsity squad in 1885, with the University of Pennsylvania, and Lafayette College at the club level, following suit in 1890. Penn played intermittently upon starting up lacrosse, and so lists 1900 as their first official season of varsity lacrosse. Penn State played its first intercollegiate game against Penn in 1913 and in 1940 attempted a college box lacrosse league playing top universities including Yale. An appropriately named College Division dominated lacrosse in 1952, consisting of 17 undergraduate teams from Rensselaer Polytechnic, Army, Virginia, Navy, Hofstra, Yale, Baltimore University, Maryland, Delaware, Drexel, Princeton, Duke, Washington College, Washington and Lee, Johns Hopkins, Loyola, and Western Maryland as well as two club teams from Mount Washington and Maryland Lacrosse Club. Drexel represented Pennsylvania schools well that season reaching as high as number six in the standings. By the mid-1950s with some 60 colleges playing lacrosse, teams were divided into three divisions. While the 'A Division' included traditional national powers Navy and Johns Hopkins, the 'B Division' and 'C Division' consisted of several potent Pennsylvania universities including Penn, Swarthmore, Penn State, Lehigh, Dickinson, Drexel and Lafayette.
In total, Lehigh University won seven national titles under the pre-NCAA United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association format of voting for the national champion, while Swarthmore University won four titles. More recently under the NCAA tournament format in place since 1971, Pennsylvania based universities have participated in many NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournaments including Bucknell (2), Cabrini (6), Drexel (1), Franklin & Marshall (4), Gettysburg (11), Lehigh (2), Kutztown (1), Messiah College (2), Penn (13), Penn State (3), Swarthmore (1), Widener (6) and Villanova (2). In the 1988 NCAA tournament, Penn led by Tony Seaman and Chris Flynn reached the semi-finals, losing a one goal match to the Gait Brothers led Syracuse Orange, which is as far as any Pennsylvania-based Division I school has advanced.
Among recent highlights at the university level, in 2005, Penn State was named to the NCAA tournament after reaching number eleven in the national rankings. In 2006 Penn upset number three Cornell on their way to getting an at-large berth in the NCAA tournament. Gettysburg has had good success in Division III, regularly appearing in the top five national rankings and reaching the NCAA title games in 2001, 2002 and 2009. Philadelphia has hosted six NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament in Divisions I, II & III at Franklin Field and Lincoln Financial Field. In 2009, Villanova defeated Towson in the conference finals to gain the team's first ever NCAA tournament bid. In 2009 Chris Bates head coach for ten years at Drexel took the top job at Princeton. In 2007, Drexel upset number one ranked and defending National Champion Virginia, 11 to 10, scoring the game-winning goal with three seconds remaining. In 2010, Lafayette won their first six games including consecutive upsets over Navy and Bucknell reaching a national ranking of number eight. In 2011, for the first time, three Pennsylvania schools were represented in the 16 team NCAA tournament. Penn and Villanova were selected as at-large tournament picks, while Bucknell made the tournament by virtue of an automatic qualifier for winning the Patriot league tournament.
Also for the first time, in 2011, a Pennsylvania school captured the NCAA Division II Championship when Mercyhurst defeated Adelphi 9 to 8. In 2012, Lehigh was seeded number seven in the NCAA tournament, the first seeded Pennsylvania team since Penn was seeded number four in 1988. Mercyhurst appeared in their second Division II finals in three years, losing a close contest to LeMoyne, 11-10.
Women's University Level.
Women's lacrosse started up in Scotland at St Leonards School in the 1890s, but was not introduced into the United States until 1926 at The Bryn Mawr School in Baltimore. The United States Women's Lacrosse Association was established in 1931. Penn State started up a women's program in 1965 and Lock Haven University in 1969. And in 1971 The Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women was founded to govern collegiate women's athletics in the United States and to administer national championships.
The most successful programs have been Temple University and Penn State in both the AIAW and NCAA Division I, West Chester University in Division II, as well as Ursinus College and Franklin & Marshall in Division III. Pennsylvania colleges and universities have won a combined 15 AIAW and NCAA women's lacrosse national titles. Temple won championships in 1984 and 1988; Penn State in 1978, 1979, 1980, 1987 and 1989; West Chester in 2002 and 2008; Ursinus in 1986, 1989 and 1990; and Franklin & Marshall in 2007 and 2009. Marsha Florio of Penn State and Gail Cummings of Temple are currently the 3rd and 4th all-time highest scoring Division I players with 380 and 378 career points, respectively. Stephanie Kienle and Katelyn Martin both of West Chester are the 1st and 2nd highest all-time scoring Division II players with 390 and 376 career points, respectively.
In 2009 Franklin & Marshall won the Division III national title defeating Salisbury 11 to 10. In 2011 Gettysburg won the Division III national title defeating Bowdoin 16 to 5.
High School.
Lacrosse development at the private preparatory school or public high school level in Pennsylvania by the mid-1950s had progressed more slowly than at the collegiate level. At that time, Lower Merion High School and Swarthmore High School were among only a handful of Pennsylvania schools offering varsity lacrosse as a spring sport at the high school level, usually playing against college level junior varsity squads. But by 1965, a state high school championship system had been put in place. The Hill School was named the first Pennsylvania prep state-wide champion of what became known as the Avery Blake Memorial Trophy. Since 2001, with the expansion of lacrosse programs at high schools throughout the state, a new format the Keystone Cup has been played, where three state sectional champions meet to determine the statewide champion.
In 1973, Sewickley Academy hosted western Pennsylvania's first high lacrosse championship tournament featuring teams from Philadelphia, Detroit and Annapolis. Peet Poillon along with his father started up the lacrosse program at Seneca Valley High School in western Pennsylvania in 2001, while also scoring 410 career goals. In 2009, Emily Garrity of Strath Haven High School shattered the career scoring record for women with 695 total points.
Pennsylvania high schools with the most state lacrosse titles include Lower Merion (7), Ridley (6), Haverford School (5), and Penn Charter (5). In 2008, LaSalle College High won the state title and was ranked fourth in the nation, the highest national ranking of a Pennsylvania prep school up to then. Haverford School regularly appears in the top 15 nationally, and plays recognized programs such as The Gilman and Lawrenceville Schools. Three schools have repeated as champion for three straight years, Harriton High School from 1970 to 1972, Penn Charter from 1974 to 1976 and Ridley from 2001 to 2003. In the 2009 state finals, LaSalle won its second consecutive title in defeating Conestoga High School in its first appearance in the state finals, 7 to 3. LaSalle ended the year ranked 4th in a national poll for the second straight season, while Conestoga finished the year ranked 12th.
In 2011, for the first time by a Pennsylvania prep school, the Haverford School Fords were named National High School lacrosse champions. The Fords topped the national polls in both the Laxpower.com and Inside Lacrosse rankings, while repeat Pennsylvania Public champions Conestoga finished third and fourth nationally, respectively.
Professional.
In 1974, the original Philadelphia Wings became the first professional lacrosse team to operate out of Pennsylvania. The team included popular Philadelphia Flyer player Doug Favell, and the well-known Gene Hart announcing games for the team, as well as Canadian star John Grant Sr. father of John Grant, Jr.. The Wings typically drew crowds of over 10,000 at the Spectrum and reached the league finals in 1974. The team folded along with the league in 1975. In 1985, a box lacrosse USA/Canada Superseries, an eight-game series, was played at the Spectrum in Philadelphia. This series revitalized interest in box lacrosse and was a precursor to the Major Indoor Lacrosse League and National Lacrosse League.
The current Philadelphia Wings the oldest franchise in the NLL, started up in 1987 by among others Mike French, have the most championships of any NLL team with six. Early on the Wings made an effort to connect with the local community by drafting local talent including Scott Growney from Harriton High School; J.R. Castle, Mark Moschella, Scott Carruthers from Drexel; Chris Flynn from Penn and Tony Resch from William Penn Charter School. Strong fan support was evident even in the Wings initial season, where the team averaged over 10,000 fans for their home games in 1987. The Wings have an all-time record in 23 seasons of 152-118 during the regular season, and 16-10 in the playoffs. NLL Hall of Famers Gary Gait, Paul Gait, Tom Marechek and Dallas Eliuk are among the notable players who have been a part of the club.
The Pittsburgh Bulls played in the NLL from 1990–1993 including players Dave Pietramala and Kevin Bilger, and the Pittsburgh CrosseFire played a single season in 2000 until they relocated to become the Colorado Mammoth. In 2004, the Philadelphia Barrage of the MLL moved from Bridgeport and played until 2008 when they folded along with three other teams. In five years of operation, the Barrage won three league championships. The team played its home games at United Sports Training Center in West Bradford Township, Pennsylvania.
Notable programs.
Today, the national governing body of lacrosse is US Lacrosse. US Lacrosse services the state of Pennsylvania through three local chapters: the Pittsburgh chapter, the Central Pennsylvania Lacrosse chapter and the Philadelphia Lacrosse Association. All three maintain the Pennsylvania Lacrosse Hall of Fame, which honors the great players, coaches, officials and promoters who have made significant contributions to the game at the professional, college and high school levels in Pennsylvania.
College.
Pennsylvania based College Lacrosse programs have a combined 29 national lacrosse titles, in Men's and Women's lacrosse, Divisions I, II and III.
Notable players from Pennsylvania.
The players noted below are those players from the Pennsylvania prep and high school system, who have performed notably in NCAA men's or women's lacrosse. Among the criteria for notability include a player elected to the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame, a player elected to the Pennsylvania Lacrosse Hall of Fame, a player who played a significant role on a national championship team, as well as players who achieved significant statistical measurements at the college level.

</doc>
<doc id="21543965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543965" title="Ivan (2002 film)">
Ivan (2002 film)

Ivan is a Tamil language film. Parthipan wrote the story and screenplay, produced, directed and acted in the film.
Plot.
Partibhan plays the role of Jeevan who is a tempo driver. Soundarya plays a classical singer whom Partibhan loves, but is destined to marry Meena who in the film is a Telugu girl and speaks a mixture of Telugu & Tamil, and is a devoted fan of Telugu superstar Chiranjeevi. The relationship between the man and the two women in his life is the crux of the story. He has done justice to the role of Jeevan. Meena is loud and she has carried the role with ease. Soundarya is dignified.
Jeevan (Parthipan) is a socially conscious youth who wants to clean up the society. His motivation is his late father (Thalaivasal Vijay) who was murdered as he tried to be a crusader. Jeevan is intelligent enough to realize that he is not a one-man-army to fight the evils and corruption in the society. So what he does is to motivate the public to fight for their rights. He lives in a small place with four friends and together they do what little they can to improve the condition around. A carnatic singer Dikshanya (Soundarya) has a silent admiration for Jeevan, but it is Meena Kumari (Meena) who wins him over and forces him to marriage by telling a lie that she has cancer. There are about 18 villains, who make their entry and exit but finally Jeevan brings them all together in the climax where he gives a long lecture and transform them into being good citizens.
The climax scene has the hero confronting all the villains. Says Partibhan, Each of these villains gets a chance to support his stand and speak on the circumstances which forced him to take to crime.
Soundtrack.
Singers: UnniKrishnan, Mathangi Rajshekhar
Singers: S.N.Sun
Singers:Sudha Ragunathan
Singers: Sudha Ragunathan
Singers: Sudha Ragunathan
Singers:Karthik, Subah
Singers:Arun Mozhi
Singers:Karthik, Sujatha
Singers:Sriram Parthasarathy

</doc>
<doc id="21543983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543983" title="Alain Koffi">
Alain Koffi

Alain Koffi (born November 23, 1983) is a French professional basketball player who currently plays for SPO Rouen Basket.
French national team.
Koffi has been a member of the French national basketball team.
Honors.
Le Mans

</doc>
<doc id="21543988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543988" title="Cultus Sound">
Cultus Sound

Cultus Sound is a sound on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of Hunter Island and just inshore from Queen Charlotte Sound. Its name is derived from the Chinook Jargon term "cultus", meaning "bad" or "worthless", which is a reference to it being the most treacherous of the three approaches to the port of Bella Bella.

</doc>
<doc id="21543991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21543991" title="Brazilian battleship Minas Geraes">
Brazilian battleship Minas Geraes

Minas Geraes, spelled Minas Gerais in some sources, was a dreadnought battleship of the Brazilian Navy. Named in honor of the state of Minas Gerais, the ship was laid down in April 1907 as the lead ship of her class, making the country the third to have a dreadnought under construction and igniting a naval arms race between Brazil, Argentina, and Chile.
Two months after her completion in January 1910, "Minas Geraes" was featured in "Scientific American", which described her as "the last word in heavy battleship design and the ... most powerfully armed warship afloat". In November 1910, "Minas Geraes" was the focal point of the "Revolta da Chibata" (English: "Revolt of the Whip"). The mutiny spread from "Minas Geraes" to other ships in the Navy, including her sister , the elderly coastal defense ship "Deodoro", and the recently commissioned cruiser . Led by the "Black Admiral" João Cândido Felisberto, the mutineers threatened to bombard the Brazilian capital of Rio de Janeiro if their demands were not met. As it was not possible to end the situation militarily—the only loyal troops nearby being small torpedo boats and army troops confined to land—the National Congress of Brazil gave in and the rebels disbanded.
When Brazil entered the First World War in 1917, Britain's Royal Navy declined Brazil's offer of "Minas Geraes" for duty with the Grand Fleet because the ship was outdated; she had not been refitted since entering service, so range-finders and a fire-control system had not been added. "São Paulo" underwent modernization in the United States in 1920; in 1921, "Minas Geraes" received the same treatment. A year later, "Minas Geraes" sailed to counter the first of the "revoltas tenentistas" (English: "Tenente revolts"). "São Paulo" shelled the rebels' fort, and they surrendered shortly thereafter; "Minas Geraes" did not fire her guns. In 1924, mutineers seized "São Paulo" and attempted to persuade the crews of "Minas Geraes" and several other ships to join them, but were unsuccessful.
"Minas Geraes" was modernized at the Rio de Janeiro Naval Yard in the 1930s, and underwent further refitting from 1939 to 1943. During the Second World War, she was anchored in Salvador as the main defense of the port, as she was too old to play an active part in the war. For the last nine years of her service life, "Minas Geraes" remained largely inactive, and was towed to Italy for scrapping in March 1954.
Background.
Beginning in the late 1880s, Brazil's navy fell into obsolescence, helped along by an 1889 revolution, which deposed Emperor Dom Pedro II, and naval revolts in 1891 and 1893–94. By the turn of the 20th century it was lagging behind the Chilean and Argentine navies in quality and total tonnage, despite Brazil having nearly three times the population of Argentina and almost five times the population of Chile.
At the turn of the twentieth century, soaring demand for coffee and rubber brought prosperity to the Brazilian economy. The government of Brazil used some of the extra money from this economic growth to finance a large naval building program in 1904, which authorized the construction of a large number of warships, including three battleships. The Minister of the Navy, Admiral Júlio César de Noronha, signed a contract with Armstrong Whitworth for three battleships on 23 July 1906. While the first designs for these ships were derived from the Norwegian coastal defense ship "Norge" and the British (originally Chilean) , the contracted ships were to follow Armstrong Whitworth's Design 439 (Design 188 in Vickers' files). They would displace 11,800 long tons (12,000 tonnes), have a speed of 19 knots (22 mph; 35 km/h), and be protected by belt armor of 9 inches (23 cm) and deck armor of 1.5 in (3.8 cm). Each ship would be armed with twelve 10-inch (25 cm) guns mounted in six twin turrets. These turrets would be mounted in a hexagonal configuration, similar to the later German s.
Two of these ships were laid down by Armstrong in Elswick ("Minas Geraes" and "Rio de Janeiro"), while the other was subcontracted out to Vickers in Barrow ("São Paulo"). The new dreadnought concept, which premiered in December 1906 upon the completion of the namesake ship in December 1906, rendered the Brazilian ships obsolete. The money authorized for naval expansion was redirected by new Minister of the Navy, Rear Admiral Alexandrino Fario de Alencar, to building two dreadnoughts, with plans for a third dreadnought after the first was completed, two scout cruisers (which became the ), ten destroyers (the ), and three submarines. The three battleships on which construction had just begun were demolished beginning on 7 January 1907, and the design of the new dreadnoughts was approved by the Brazilians on 20 February 1907.
Even though the greater cost of these ships meant that only two ships could begin immediately, plans went ahead. "Minas Geraes", the lead ship, was laid down by Armstrong on 17 April 1907, while "São Paulo" followed thirteen days later at Vickers. The news shocked Brazil's neighbors, especially Argentina, whose Minister of Foreign Affairs remarked that either "Minas Geraes" or "São Paulo" could destroy the entire Argentine and Chilean fleets. In addition, Brazil's order meant that they had laid down a dreadnought before many of the other major maritime powers, such as Germany, France or Russia, and the two ships made Brazil just the third country to have dreadnoughts under construction, behind the United Kingdom and the United States. In particular, the United States now actively attempted to court Brazil as an ally; caught up in the spirit, U.S. naval journals began using terms like "Pan Americanism" and "Hemispheric Cooperation". Newspapers and journals around the world, particularly in Britain and Germany, speculated that Brazil was acting as a proxy for a naval power which would take possession of the two dreadnoughts soon after completion, as they did not believe that a previously insignificant geopolitical power would contract for such powerful armament.
Early career.
"Minas Geraes" was christened by Senhora Regis de Oliveira, the wife of the Brazilian minister to Great Britain, and launched at Newcastle-on-Tyne on 10 September 1908. During fitting-out, she was moved to Vickers' Walker Yard, and thousands turned out to see the incomplete ship squeeze barely underneath and through overhead and swing bridges. After completion, "Minas Geraes" was handed over by Armstrong on 5 January to the Brazilian Commission on behalf of the Brazilian government, while the ship's company was mustered on deck. The British Royal Navy carried out her gunnery trials at the request of Armstrong's and with the agreement of the Brazilian government. Although the idea of having superfiring turrets was not new—the American s were also designed and built in this fashion around the same time—the trials attracted interest from a few nations, who sent representatives to observe. They wanted to resolve two major questions: the effect that firing the upper superfiring turrets would have on the crewmen in the lower guns, and whether smoke from the discharge of the lower guns would hinder the targeting capabilities of the upper turret. The tests resolved both questions satisfactorily.
"Minas Geraes" left the Tyne on 5 February 1910 and traveled to Plymouth before beginning a voyage to the United States on 8 February. When she reached Norfolk, Virginia, she escorted the American armored cruiser , which was carrying the body of the former Brazilian ambassador to the United States Joaquim Nabuco (who had died in Washington, D.C. on 17 January) to Rio de Janeiro. The two ships set sail on 17 March 1910 and reached Rio de Janeiro one month later, where "Minas Geraes" was commissioned into the Brazilian Navy on 18 April.
Soon after "Minas Geraes" arrival in Brazil, the country's prosperity began to wane, and a severe depression hit the Brazilian economy. The economic hardship, the racism prevalent in all branches of the Brazilian armed forces, and the severe discipline enforced on all navy ships spawned a mutiny known as the Revolt of the Lash, or "Revolta da Chibata", among sailors on the most powerful ships.
Revolt of the Lash.
The initial spark was provided on 16 November 1910 when Afro-Brazilian sailor Marcelino Rodrigues Menezes was brutally flogged 250 times for insubordination. Many Afro-Brazilian sailors were sons of former slaves, or were former slaves freed under the "Lei Áurea" (abolition) but forced to enter the navy. They had been planning a revolt for some time, and Menezes became the catalyst. Further preparations were needed, so the rebellion was delayed until 22 November. The crewmen of "Minas Geraes", "São Paulo", the twelve-year-old "Deodoro", and the new "Bahia" quickly took their vessels with only a minimum of bloodshed: two officers on "Minas Geraes" and one each on "São Paulo" and "Bahia" were killed.
The ships were well-supplied with foodstuffs, ammunition, and coal, and the only demand of mutineers—led by João Cândido Felisberto—was the abolition of "slavery as practiced by the Brazilian Navy". They objected to low pay, long hours, inadequate training, and punishments including "bolo" (being struck on the hand with a ferrule) and the use of whips or lashes ("chibata"), which eventually became a symbol of the revolt. By the 23rd, the National Congress had begun discussing the possibility of a general amnesty for the sailors. Senator Ruy Barbosa, long an opponent of slavery, lent a large amount of support, and the measure unanimously passed the Federal Senate on 24 November. The measure was then sent to the Chamber of Deputies.
Humiliated by the revolt, naval officers and the president of Brazil were staunchly opposed to amnesty, so they quickly began planning to assault the rebel ships. The officers believed such an action was necessary to restore the service's honor. The rebels, believing an attack was imminent, sailed their ships out of Guanabara Bay and spent the night of 23–24 November at sea, only returning during daylight. Late on the 24th, the President ordered the naval officers to attack the mutineers. Officers crewed some smaller warships and the cruiser "Rio Grande do Sul", "Bahia"s sister ship with ten 4.7-inch guns. They planned to attack on the morning of the 25th, when the government expected the mutineers would return to Guanabara Bay. When they did not return and the amnesty measure neared passage in the Chamber of Deputies, the order was rescinded. After the bill passed 125–23 and the president signed it into law, the mutineers stood down on the 26th.
During the revolt, the ships were noted by many observers to be well handled, despite a previous belief that the Brazilian Navy was incapable of effectively operating the ships even before being split by a rebellion. João Cândido Felisberto ordered all liquor thrown overboard, and discipline on the ships was recognized as exemplary. The 4.7-inch guns were often used for shots over the city, but the 12-inch guns were not, which led to a suspicion among the naval officers that the rebels were incapable of using the weapons. Later research and interviews indicate that "Minas Geraes" guns were fully operational, and while "São Paulo"s could not be turned after salt water contaminated the hydraulic system, British engineers still on board the ship after the voyage from the United Kingdom were working on the problem. Still, historians have never ascertained how well the mutineers could handle the ships.
The crews of the torpedo boats remained loyal to the government, and army troops moved to the presidential palace and the coastline, but neither group could stop the mutineers; a major problem for the authorities was that many of the men who manned Rio de Janeiro's harbor defenses were sympathetic to the mutineers' cause. The additional possibility of the capital being bombarded forced the National Congress of Brazil to give in to the rebels' demands. The demands included the abolition of flogging, improved living conditions, and the granting of amnesty to all mutineers. The government also issued official pardons and a statement of regret. Its submission resulted in the rebellion's end on 26 November, when control of the four ships was handed back to the navy.
In 1913, "Minas Geraes" took the Brazilian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lauro Müller, to the United States, reciprocating the visit U.S. Secretary of State Elihu Root had paid to Brazil seven years earlier.
First World War.
Even though the First World War did not touch Brazilian soil, it had crushing effects on Brazil's economy. Prices for rubber and coffee plummeted; the war had only a small need for rubber, and Britain allowed no coffee into Europe as space on merchant ships was reserved for "essential items". In addition, coffee was declared to be contraband, so every Brazilian shipment to the Central Powers was subject to search and seizure; even shipments to some neutral countries were barred to ensure that no coffee would get through. Despite these restrictions, neutral Brazil was pro-Allied for the first three years of the war because of its sizable merchant fleet; as merchantmen from Allied countries were sunk, Brazilian ships were able to take over routes that had been vacated. This policy exposed them to attack by German submarines, and after the German declaration of unrestricted submarine warfare in February 1917, several Brazilian ships were sunk, driving the country closer to declaring war on the Central Powers.
Brazil revoked its neutrality in the war between the United States and Germany on 1 June 1917, but did not declare war. At the same time, all German merchant ships interned in Brazilian harbors, 45 in all, were boarded and seized; most were unusable due to neglect or sabotage. On 28 June, Brazil revoked its neutrality between all of the Allied and Central Powers but again stopped short of declaring war; this move allowed Brazilian merchantmen to travel in Allied convoys.
The Brazilian Navy was sent out to patrol the South Atlantic with French, British and American naval units, even though none of its ships had anti-submarine capabilities and, not being at war with the Central Powers, its ships were not supposed to engage any threat outside territorial waters. Another Brazilian merchant ship, , was sunk off Spain on 18 October, and eight days later Brazil declared war.
Brazil offered to send "Minas Geraes" and "São Paulo" to serve with the British Grand Fleet, but this offer was declined because both ships were in poor condition and lacked modern fire-control systems. Indicative of their poor condition, fourteen of "São Paulo"s eighteen boilers failed when she sailed to New York for a modernization in June 1918.
Inter-war period.
"São Paulo's" refit was finished on 17 January 1920 and she returned to Brazil; on 15 July "Minas Geraes" departed for New York for her own refit. Beginning on 22 August, the day she arrived, and finishing on 4 October 1921, the battleship was dramatically modernized, with Sperry fire-control equipment and Bausch and Lomb range-finders for the two superfiring turrets fore and aft. A vertical armor bulkhead was fitted inside the main turrets, and the secondary battery of guns was reduced from 22 to 12; five guns in casemates were removed from each side. A few modern AA guns were fitted: two 3"/50 caliber guns from Bethlehem Steel were added on the aft superstructure, guns were added near each turret, and 3-pounder guns were removed from the tops of turrets.
In July 1922, "Minas Geraes" joined "São Paulo" in helping to quash the first of the "Revolução Tenentista" (English: "Tenente revolts"), in which the garrison of Rio de Janeiro's Fort Copacabana rebelled and began bombarding the city. "São Paulo" shelled the fort, and the rebels surrendered shortly thereafter; "Minas Geraes" did not fire her guns.
In 1924, "Minas Geraes" was involved in another mutiny, but remained on the side of the government. First Lieutenant Hercolino Cascardo, seven second lieutenants and others commandeered "São Paulo" in Rio de Janeiro's harbor on 4 November 1924. Their goal was to force the government to release prisoners who had participated in the 1922 Tenente revolts from confinement aboard the prison ship "Cuibaba"; the mutineers' demands were not met. "São Paulo"s boilers were then fired, and she "steamed menacingly" around "Minas Geraes" in an attempt to entice her and other ships to join the rebellion. "São Paulo" was only able to sway the crew of one old torpedo boat to her cause. Her crew, angry that "Minas Geraes" would not join them, shot a six-pounder at "Minas Geraes", wounding a cook. The mutineers then sailed out of the harbor, exchanging shots with forts at the entrance along the way, and set course for Montevideo, Uruguay. The condensers failed along the way, and they reached Montevideo on 10 November making only . The rebellious members of the crew disembarked and were granted asylum, while the remainder re-hoisted the colors of Brazil.
Between June 1931 and April 1938, "Minas Geraes" was totally reconstructed and modernized at the Rio de Janeiro Naval Yard. She was converted from her old coal–oil combination to all-oil firing. All eighteen of the original Babcock and Wilcox boilers were removed in favor of six new John I. Thornycroft & Company boilers. The former No. 1 boiler room and all twelve of the side coal bunkers were converted to fuel oil storage tanks; the upper coal bunkers were removed. In addition, "Minas Geraes" dynamos were replaced with new turbogenerators. The most striking aesthetic change was the trunking of the boiler uptakes into a single funnel. The fire-control systems that had been fitted after the First World War were also modernized in favor of Zeiss range-finders. The guns were overhauled; two extra guns were added (making 14 total), and six Madsen guns were installed, including two on the top of 'X' turret. The maximum elevation of the 12-inch guns was upped from 13° to 18°.
Second World War and later career.
As in the First World War, Brazil was neutral during the early years of the Second World War. German attacks on Brazilian merchant ships pushed the country into war on the Allied side; Brazil declared war on 21 August 1942, taking effect on 31 August.
Apart from three destroyers launched in 1940 and four submarines from the inter-war years, Brazil's warships were old and mostly obsolete pre-First World War vessels. The mainstays of the fleet, "Minas Geraes", "São Paulo", , and , were all over thirty years old. Although "Minas Geraes" had been further refitted from 1939 to 1943, she was still too old and in too poor a condition for any active role in the Second World War; instead, the dreadnought was anchored as a floating battery in the port of Salvador for the duration of the war.
"Minas Geraes" was inactive for much of the rest of her career. Decommissioned on 16 May 1952, the battleship was used as a stationary headquarters for the Commander-in-Chief of the Brazilian Navy until 17 December of that year. She was removed from the naval register on 31 December, and sold to the Italian ship breaking company SA Cantiere Navale de Santa Maria. "Minas Geraes" was taken under tow on 1 March 1954 and arrived in Genoa on 22 April; the old dreadnought, which had been in service for more than forty years, was broken up for scrap later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="21544036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544036" title="Parliament of the Northern Territory">
Parliament of the Northern Territory

The Northern Territory Parliament consists of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly and the Monarch represented by the Administrator of the Northern Territory. It is one of the three territory unicameral parliaments in the country, the upper house, the Legislative Council, was replaced by the Legislative Assembly in 1974. The Legislative Assembly sits in Parliament House in the territory capital, Darwin.
The leader of the party or coalition with the most seats in the Legislative Assembly is invited by the Administrator of the Northern Territory to form government. The head of the government is the Chief Minister.
History.
From 1911 to 1947 the laws of the Northern Territory were made by the Commonwealth Government.
In 1947 the "Northern Territory (Administration) Act" was amended to provide for a territory legislature. The first Legislative Council for the Northern Territory was created in Darwin in March 1948. It consisted of seven official members appointed by the Governor-General, six elected members and the Administrator as President of the Council.
In 1974 the Legislative Council was replaced by a fully elected Northern Territory Legislative Assembly with nineteen members.
From 1974 until 2001, the Assembly was controlled by the conservative Country Liberal Party, which is affiliated with the federal Liberal-National coalition. However, at the 2001 election, the Australian Labor Party won government for the first time on a one-seat majority, with Clare Martin becoming the Territory's first Labor and first female Chief Minister. Labor won 19 seats to the CLP's 4 at the 2005 election. Martin resigned in 2007 with Paul Henderson becoming Labor leader, and retained government with another one-seat majority at the 2008 election. The CLP led by Terry Mills defeated Labor at the 2012 election with 16 seats to Labor's 8. Mills resigned in 2013 with Adam Giles becoming CLP leader. The CLP was reduced to a one-seat majority in 2014 when three CLP members defected to the Palmer United Party. The 2016 election will be held on 27 August.

</doc>
<doc id="21544077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544077" title="Missouri Route M (Jefferson County)">
Missouri Route M (Jefferson County)

Route M is a short arterial highway in Jefferson County, Missouri. It is a major east–west route which connects Route 21 to Interstate 55. For the majority of its length, Route M is a four lane divided highway with limited access. At its junction with Interstate 55, Route M becomes an undivided two lane road until its eastern terminus at U.S. 61/67. Route M was rerouted to its present location in the late 1990s after traffic became too great for the original road to handle. The original route is now known as Old Route M.
Route description.
Route M begins as a four-lane divided highway at a diamond interchange with Route 21 near the community of Otto. West of the interchange, the highway is called Route MM. The highway heads east for less than where it has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the former alignment of Route 21, appropriately named Old Route 21. It continues east where there are two turn-offs which connect to nearby grade-separated highways. The first highway is the former alignment of Route M (Old Route M), the second is Old Lemay Ferry Road near the community of Antonia. Only the eastbound lanes have direct access to Old Lemay Ferry Road. Access is provided to the westbound lanes via median u-turn crossovers on either side of the intersection.
Route M continues east, where it has two at-grade intersections before entering Barnhart; one at St. Luke's Church Road and the other at Moss Hollow Road. At Barnhart, the intersection with Marriott Parkway connects Interstate 55 traffic with gas stations and retail stores. , the I-55 interchange was being reconstructed to better handle access to southbound I-55. East of the I-55 interchange, Route M becomes a two-lane highway and ends a mile (1.6 km) later at a T intersection with U.S. Route 61 / U.S. Route 67.
Route M, along with Route 21, make up the Jefferson County Scenic Byway.
History.
Due to an increasing number of accidents at the intersection with Old Lemay Ferry Road, MoDOT rebuilt the intersection in 2007, with the eastbound lanes only having access to Old Lemay Ferry Road. Turnarounds built short distances east and west of the intersection allow access to and from the westbound lanes.
On December 7, 2009, access to southbound I-55 was closed when MoDOT began a project to rebuild the interchange. The project is scheduled to last through the end of 2010. Southbound access to I-55 from Route M, which had featured a loop ramp, was being relocated to a new roundabout on Metropolitan Boulevard, which will also connect to a park and ride.
As of 2011, the interchange is fully open. Southbound I-55 access is possible through a roundabout.

</doc>
<doc id="21544094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544094" title="Flow shop scheduling">
Flow shop scheduling

Flow shop scheduling problems, are a class of scheduling problems with a work shop or group shop in which the flow control shall enable an appropriate sequencing for each job and for processing on a set of machines or with other resources "1,2...,m" in compliance with given processing orders. Especially the maintaining of a continuous flow of processing tasks is desired with a minimum of "idle time" and a minimum of "waiting time". Flow shop scheduling is a special case of job shop scheduling where there is strict order of all operations to be performed on all jobs. Flow shop scheduling may apply as well to production facilities as to computing designs.
A special type of flow shop scheduling problem is the permutation flow shop scheduling problem in which the processing order of the jobs on the resources is the same for each subsequent step of processing.
Sequencing Performance Measurements (γ).
The sequencing problem can be stated as determining a sequence S such that one or several sequencing objectives are optimized. 
detailed discussion of performance measurement can be found in Malakooti (2013).
Complexity of flow shop scheduling.
As presented by Garey et al. (1976), most of extensions of the flow shop scheduling problems are Np-Hard and few of them can be solved optimally in O(nlogn), for example F2|prmu|Cmax can be solved optimally by using Johnson's Rule (1954).
Solution Methods.
The proposed methods to solve flow shop scheduling problems can be classified to exact methods such as Branch and Bound and dynamic programming, Heuristic algorithms and metaheuristics.
minimizing makespan,Cmax.
F2|prmu|Cmax and F3|prmu|Cmax can be solved optimally by using Johnson's Rule (1954) but for general case there is no algorithm that grantee the optimality of the solution.
Other objectives.
So far, there is no algorithm which can grantee optimal solution.
the detailed discussion of the available solution methods are provided by Malakooti (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="21544110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544110" title="Jhusia Damai">
Jhusia Damai

Jhusia Damai ( झूसिया दमाई ) is the great folk singer of Kumauni culture. He was born in 1913 as a son of Ranuwa Dami in Baskot of Baitadi District of Nepal very close to Jhulaghat of Pithoragarh District of Uttrakhand and Now lived in Dhungatoil near Dharchula.

</doc>
<doc id="21544130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544130" title="John L. Crain">
John L. Crain

John Luther Crain (born 1960, Franklinton, Louisiana) is president of Southeastern Louisiana University at Hammond, having been appointed to the position on 2009 February 17 by the Board of Supervisors of the University of Louisiana System. He succeeded Randy Moffett.
Education.
Crain, a 1978 graduate of Franklinton High School (Louisiana), holds B.S. and MBA degrees from Southeastern and received a Ph.D. in accountancy from the University of Mississippi. He is an inactive CPA and an accomplished pianist.
Researcher & administrator.
Crain previously served as interim president, provost, vice president for academic affairs, accounting department head, president of the Faculty Senate, and tenured professor of accounting. He began full-time employment as an assistant professor of accounting at Southeastern in 1987 and held his first administrative position as interim director of the University's Small Business Development Center. In 1992 Crain received the Southeastern President's Award for Excellence in Research; by 2009, on being named president, he had authored 63 refereed journal articles.
Challenges.
Crain's accounting background appeared well matched to the challenges he soon faced as president, in that Louisiana's public institutions of higher education confronted unprecedented budget cuts and looming budget cuts. In an article in the student newspaper, Crain announced mid-academic year eliminations of 35 positions; expecting "even deeper cuts in the future," Crain said:
Crain is involved in Southeastern's fundraising.

</doc>
<doc id="21544192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544192" title="Mindwarp Chamber">
Mindwarp Chamber

Mindwarp Chamber is a progressive metal band from Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="21544233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544233" title="The Sheep">
The Sheep

The Sheep is a character, created by Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, aka Lewis Carroll. It appeared in Dodgson's book, "Through the Looking-Glass", the sequel to his book "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland."
Storyline.
The Sheep is first mentioned in the fifth chapter of "Through the Looking-Glass", "Wool and Water". The White Queen is talking to Alice, when she suddenly starts "baa-ing" and then seems to 'wrap herself in wool'. Alice figures out she is in a shop, and that The White Queen has turned into a sheep. The Sheep sits in her chair knitting as Alice looks around the shop. She gives Alice a pair of her knitting needles, and asks her if she can row. As Alice begins to answer, she realizes that they are in a little boat, and that the needles have turned into oars. As they glide along the water, the Sheep repeatedly shouts out "Feather", which is rowing lightly, and tells Alice that they will be catching crabs. Alice's attention is then put onto some scented rushes growing in the water. She tries picking them, but they are only 'dream rushes' and melt away. She then "catches a crab", which means to get one's oars stuck in the riverbed, and they are all suddenly in the shop again. Alice buys an egg from the Sheep (that ends up turning into Humpty Dumpty) and the two part ways.

</doc>
<doc id="21544251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544251" title="Erkki Korhonen">
Erkki Korhonen

Erkki Korhonen (born 1956 in Hämeenlinna) is a Finnish pianist, conductor and former director of the Finnish National Opera.
He graduated from the Sibelius Academy in 1983. Continuing his studies in piano, vocal accompaniment and conducting with such names as György Sebök, Dimitri Bashkirov, Tamas Vásáry and Hartmut Höll, he specialised in opera coaching and worked under Max Epstein, Ubaldo Gardini and Alberto Zedda as well as Marc Belfort, Tamas Blum and Ralf Weikert at the Zurich Opera.
Becoming a lecturer at the renowned Sibelius Academy, from 1989–1997, Korhonen taught at numerous conservatories throughout Finland as well as coached for more than twenty years at the Finnish National Opera, the Savonlina Opera Festival, the Zurich Opera and most recently at the Lyric Opera Studio of Weimar. In 1997 he was appointed the head of the International Opera Studio in Zurich and in 2001 he became the general director of the Finnish National Opera until 2007.
Having performed as a soloist, as well as in chamber works, throughout Europe and North America, Korhonen has made several radio and television appearances. To honour his contributions to the arts, he received the Sibelius Medal from the Sibelius Society of Finland and the Medals of the cities Hämeenlinna and Helsinki.
As artistic advisor and board member of various European festivals and music organisations such as the Mirjam Helin International Singing Competition, Korhonen often serves as a jury member at numerous competitions, e.g. Competizione del opera, Dresden, Queen Sonja International Music Competition, Lappeenranta singing competition, Marseille singing competition, Ernst Haefliger singing competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21544275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544275" title="Ritchie Valens In Concert at Pacoima Jr. High">
Ritchie Valens In Concert at Pacoima Jr. High

Ritchie Valens in Concert at Pacoima Jr. High is the third and final of the posthumously released "original" albums by Ritchie Valens. It consists of his only live performance ever recorded.
Background.
On December 10, 1958, Valens, having completed a recent tour of Hawaii, gave a performance at his old Pacoima Junior High School. The show was emceed by Gail Smith, a close friend of his who later became president of the Ritchie Valens Memorial Fan Club in Los Angeles. Valens' guitar and vocals were only accompanied by drummer Don Phillips. The concert was taped using a small portable tape recorder.
After Valens' untimely death on February 3, 1959, numerous Ritchie Valens Fan Clubs were formed all over the nation. By late 1960, with no further records released since the "Ritchie" album a year before, his manager Robert Keane received letters en masse from fan club members who were hoping there were more of Valens' songs to be released. Keane responded by obtaining the tape of four songs from the Pacoima Junior High show and pressing it to record. To fill the "live" side of the album, an early demo of "Come On, Let's Go", bearing no resemblance to the released "hit" version, was added with live audience dubbed in. As Valens' entire Gold Star Studios master output had been released on his first two albums, side two was filled with unfinished demos recorded at Keane's home studio. Keane provided narrative descriptions of each track.

</doc>
<doc id="21544295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544295" title="John Scott Sherrill">
John Scott Sherrill

John Scott Sherrill is an American songwriter whose work is primarily in the field of country music. He has written songs for such artists as John Anderson, Brooks & Dunn, Jimmy Buffett (Steamer), Johnny Lee, George Strait, Steve Wariner, Patty Loveless, Josh Turner, Waylon Jennings, Alison Krauss, Peter Wolf, Mick Jagger, Michael McDonald and Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson. He is the son of Christian writers John and Elizabeth Sherrill. In the 1980s, Sherrill recorded with Bob DiPiero and Dennis Robbins as the band Billy Hill.
Biography.
John Scott Sherrill is a Country Music Award-winning American songwriter with a career spanning over 30 years. He is well known for his lyrics about love, loss and the human condition. Sherrill has had 11 #1s and numerous other hits. His career began in the 1970’s and has been quite eclectic, as he has worked with a diverse group of artists.
Early Life
Sherrill was raised in Chappaqua, a hamlet of New Castle, NY and in Uganda and Bolivia by parents who were book and magazine writers. He was drawn at an early age to folk, country and rock music. He played coffeehouses in Boston and also spent time as a musician in Amsterdam.
Career
While attending Franconia College in New Hampshire, Sherrill was part of a commune and band called The Family of Pan. After several members ran off to join the Guru Maharaj-ji, Sherrill headed to California, stopping in Nashville long enough to visit Rob Galbraith, a Combine Music Publishing writer recommended to him by Harry Chapin’s brother Steve. After Combine was sold in 1986, Sherrill and Bob DiPiero, a fellow Combine Music writer, formed the writing core of Little Big Town. After ten years of success it too was sold. Big Yellow Dog and Sony/ATV Tree have been the publishers of his songs this century.
Sherrill was a founding member of Billy Hill, a band previously called John Scott Sherrill and The Wolves In Cheap Clothing, which was signed to Warner Bros. in 1988. Though the Nashville group is memorable it was short lived.
Today Sherrill is known for his song-writing career primarily in Country Music. His breakthrough hit was Johnny Lee’s “When You Fall In Love” which he co-wrote with his friend, Steve Earle. This was also Earle’s first songwriting hit.
He has also written for Brooks & Dunn, George Strait, Alison Krauss, John Anderson, Peter Wolf, Mindy Smith, Patty Loveless and Mick Jagger, among many others, and co-written with Michael McDonald, Steve Cropper, Peter Frampton and Dave Loggins. 
Songs written by Sherrill that topped the charts include Anderson’s “Wild And Blue”, Loveless’ “Nothin’ But The Wheel”, John Michael Montgomery’s “No Man’s Land”, Brooks & Dunn’s “How Long Gone”, Steve Wariner’s “Some Fools Never Learn” and Neal McCoy’s “No Doubt About It”. Alison Krauss released “If I Didn’t Know Any Better” and Josh Turner took “ Would You Go With Me” to the top of the charts. Sherrill also penned the title cut for Dierks Bentley’s breakthrough CD “Modern Day Drifter.” Three well-known Country Music publishers such as Combine Music, Little Big Town Music as well as Big Yellow Dog Music have published the aforementioned as well as many of Sherrill’s other songs.
Back 40 Entertainment now handles Sherrill’s music publishing.
Awards.
Other Awards
TRIPLE PLAY Award (Three #1 songs in one year)
2007 ACM Song The Year Nominee for "Would You Go With Me"
2006, 2008, 2011 and 2013 Nashville Songwriter Hall of Fame Nominee
GOLD & PLATINUM SELLING SONGS

</doc>
<doc id="21544329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544329" title="Dayirman">
Dayirman

Dayirman was the first Azerbaijani hip hop group, based in Baku and was founded in 1996 by four friends. The word "Dayirman" means "windmill" in Azerbaijani language. The group was very popular in Azerbaijan for their nationalist lyrics, fusing hip-hop with elements of traditional Meykhana poetry.
In 2010 Dayirman produced the video "Justice to Khojaly" with Toni Blackman to commemorate the victims of the Khojaly Massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="21544330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544330" title="USS Julia Luckenbach (ID-2407)">
USS Julia Luckenbach (ID-2407)

USS "Julia Luckenbach" (ID-1662) was a cargo ship and troop transport that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
SS "Julia Luckenbach" was built as a commercial cargo ship in 1917 at Quincy, Massachusetts, by Fore River Shipbuilding Corporation for Luckenbach Steamship Company of New York City. For about a year in 1917 and 1918, she operated under charter to the United States Army. The U.S. Navy acquired her for World War I service on 7 August 1918. Assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 2407, she was commissioned on 15 August 1918 as USS "Julia Luckenbach" with Lieutenant Commander George C. Benner, USNRF, in command.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Julia Luckenbach" departed New York City on 10 September 1918 with cargo for U.S. military forces in Europe, arriving at Marseilles, France, on 24 September 1918.
After the Armistice with Germany was signed on 11 November 1918, bringing World War I to an end, "Julia Luckenbach" was transferred to the Cruiser and Transport Force. In her new postwar role as a troop transport, she continued to transport cargo to France while returning to the United States with troops, patients, and other military personnel coming home after the war.
"Julia Luckenbach" arrived in New York at the end of her final cruise in U.S. Navy service in July 1919 and remained there until she decommissioned on 9 September 1919. She was returned to Luckenbach Steamship Company the same day.
Once again SS "Julia Luckenbach", she resumed commercial service as a cargo ship, continuing in this role until September 1943 when, during World War II, she was badly damaged and declared a "constructive total loss."

</doc>
<doc id="21544332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544332" title="Couplet (disambiguation)">
Couplet (disambiguation)

A couplet is a pair of lines in verse.
Couplet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21544361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544361" title="Sonata (Moonlight)">
Sonata (Moonlight)

"Sonata" is the season and series finale of the American paranormal romance television drama "Moonlight", which first aired on CBS on May 16, 2008 in the United States. It was written by Ethan Erwin and Kira Snyder, and directed by Fred Toye. The series revolves around Mick St. John (Alex O'Loughlin), a private investigator who has been a vampire for over fifty years. When a vampire threatens to name all the vampires of Los Angeles, Mick is helped by his girlfriend Beth Turner (Sophia Myles) and the rest of the vampires to track her down. 
Due to the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, production of "Moonlight" halted on December 19, 2007, and only twelve episodes of the original thirteen-episode order were made. Once the Writers' Strike ended, CBS announced that "Moonlight" would return April 25, 2008 with four new episodes, to be part of the series' first season. On May 13, 2008, CBS announced that "Moonlight" was officially canceled. "Sonata" was watched by 7.47 million viewers upon its original broadcast, and received generally positive reviews for providing closure of the characters and storylines.
Plot.
Beth meets with Emma Monaghan, a vampire who had sired the man she fell in love with so they could be together forever. Beth is surprised when she learns that Emma and her husband Jackson are still together after 150 years. Emma kills Dominiq, a basketball player with ties to Josef Kostan (Jason Dohring) and several other vampires. She is imprisoned, but she threatens to name every vampire in Los Angeles unless Mick breaks her out. Mick and the other vampires team up and help her escape, but are forced to kill her and Jackson due to treason, as she had threatened to expose her fellow vampires. Talbot receives a list of names of all the vampires in the area, including Mick, from an unknown source. Beth tells Mick that she cannot continue to date Mick because of their vampire-human situation, Mick leaves but doesn't go farther than a few steps out the door before he comes running back in. Mick says that he loves her and they kiss.
Reception.
According to the Nielsen ratings system, "Sonata" was watched by 7.47 million viewers upon its original broadcast in the United States, making it the 41st most watched episode of the week. Jen Creer of TV Squad appreciated that the finale provided closure, while still "keeping things open in case it was continued". She praised the character of Logan, and enjoyed the lines written by the writers. Creer said that she would have preferred Mick and Beth staying apart, but felt that because of the series' cancellation, the reunion was a better ending. John Kubicek of BuddyTV noted the "brilliant homage" with the mention of Hearst College in "Veronica Mars", of which Dohring was a regular cast member. Kubicek thought that he would miss Logan most, and hoped that he would see David Blue on another television series.
Series cancellation.
Les Moonves, President of CBS, stated on December 4, 2007 that "Moonlight" was likely to return for a second season. Due to the Writers' strike, production of the series was halted by December 19, 2007, and only twelve episodes of the original thirteen-episode order were produced. Once the Writers' Strike ended, CBS announced that "Moonlight" would return April 25, 2008 with four new episodes, to be part of the series' first season. On May 13, 2008, CBS announced that "Moonlight" was officially canceled. Following the CBS cancellation, Warner Bros. Television inquired with other outlets about their interest in the series. One of the outlets approached was Media Rights Capital, which is responsible for The CW's Sunday night programming, although it decided not to acquire the series. It was later reported that the Sci Fi Channel was considering picking up the series. Writer and executive producer Harry Werksman said that "talks" were under way for a second season, and noted the possibility of a film. On June 23, 2008, James Hibberd of "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that efforts to sell "Moonlight" to another network had failed, and that the series was permanently canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="21544369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544369" title="Lee Reyes">
Lee Reyes

Lee Reyes (born c. 1975 in San Jose, California) is an accomplished martial artist and actor. Son of Hall of Famer, Ernie Reyes, Sr. and brother of Ernie Reyes Jr.
Early life.
At the age of 3 he began his journey as a martial artist under the tutelage of his Father, Ernie Reyes Sr. His father who was a National Champion in Tae Kwon Do and a National Association of Professional Martial Artist Lifetime Achievement Award winner began teaching his son Lee as soon as he could walk. Lee later became a 7 time national forms competition champion by the age of 12. At the age of 14 he starred in American Ninja V, where he choreographed many of his own fight scenes.
Martial arts.
Lee Reyes is amongst one of the youngest people to ever attain the level of 5th Degree Black Belt Master Instructor in Tae Kwon Do. He has been featured in magazines such as Black Belt (magazine), Inside Kung Fu, Karate Bushido International, Karate Budo, and Tae Kwon Do. He has been trained by the some of the most prominent martial arts trainers in the world including: Master Boxing Instructor Jeff Langton, Muay Thai Instructor Saekson Janjira, Tae Kwon Do Instructor Billy Blanks, last resort tactic self-defense instructor Tom Petire. Lee Reyes has also had weapons training from masters Sifu Sheng Meng and Tadashi Yamashita. He currently possess over 22 years of martial arts experience.
Boxing.
Lee Reyes was trained in boxing by Master Boxing Instructor Jeff Langton, who has over 30 years of boxing experience, has been a cutman and corner man in over 40 world title bouts. Under the instruction of Langton, Lee Reyes has quite a few accomplishments and holds an official amateur boxing record of 12-1.
He now trains with Freddie Roach at Wild Card

</doc>
<doc id="21544394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544394" title="List of Barako Bull Energy Cola seasons">
List of Barako Bull Energy Cola seasons

This is a list of seasons by the Barako Bull Energy Cola of the Philippine Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21544419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544419" title="Rachel's Vineyard">
Rachel's Vineyard

Rachel's Vineyard is an organization offering weekend retreats for women who have had abortions and others who believe that they have been hurt by abortion. It is named after Rachel in the Bible, who weeps "for her lost children." The program that Rachel's Vineyard offers is an opportunity for women to examine their experience with abortion from a pro-life perspective, and identify the ways that abortion has affected them.
Rachel's Vineyard is funded by Priests for Life. Rachel's Vineyard has a broadly Roman Catholic ethos with a Catholic mass celebrated as an integral part of the retreat, but also runs non-denominational retreats for non-Catholics.
History.
Theresa Karminski Burke started one of the first therapeutic support groups for women who had had abortions in 1986. Later, she founded Rachel’s Vineyard, together with her husband, Kevin Burke. Burke's "Rachel's Vineyard: A Psychological and Spiritual Journey for Post Abortion Healing" (written with Barbara Cullen) was published in 1994 as a support group model for counselors helping women with post abortion grief. Four Rachel's Vineyard retreats were conducted in 1995 and by the end of 2002 over 130 had been held. In 2003, Rachel’s Vineyard was reorganised and became a ministry of Priests for Life, with Frank Pavone as the Pastoral Director. A retreat is generally designed for about a dozen clients and a priest and a licensed therapist are typically present.
In June 2002, Burke and David Reardon published a book titled "Forbidden Grief", a review of Burke’s experience in counseling women for abortion-related emotional problems. Here she discussed what she saw as the pressure and coercion faced by many women before abortion, the ordeal of the abortion itself, and the obstacles to resolving post abortion problems.
In 2014, Rachel's Vineyard will hold 1000+ retreats annually, in 48 states and over 70 countries, with other new sites in development. The Rachel’s Vineyard Retreat Manual has been translated into 10 languages with others in development.
The Burkes have lectured and trained professionals nationally and internationally on the subject of post-abortion trauma and healing. Rachel's Vineyard Ministries offers an annual Leadership Training Conference specifically designed for those who currently use the Rachel's Vineyard program.
Retreats.
The Rachel's Vineyard ministry offers weekend retreats which it says are a chance to get away from the daily pressures of work and family and focus on emotional support and the search for healing. According to the group, its retreats are intended to provide the opportunity to deeply enter the grieving process and identify the ways that abortion may have affected the individual. Rachel's Vineyard retreats are hosted by church based ministries, counseling outreach programs, Project Rachel offices, Respect Life groups, and crisis pregnancy centers. They are offered in both Catholic and interdenominational settings.

</doc>
<doc id="21544420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544420" title="Beijing to Boston">
Beijing to Boston

Beijing to Boston is a split album featuring Boston ska punk act Big D and the Kids Table and China punk act Brain Failure. It was released on February 20, 2007, only a month before the release of the highly anticipated Strictly Rude.

</doc>
<doc id="21544454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544454" title="Ghostkeeper">
Ghostkeeper

Ghostkeeper is a 1981 independent Canadian horror film directed by Jim Makichuk. The story centers on a trio of snowmobilers in the Canadian Rockies who become stranded at an abandoned hotel where an old woman seems to be hiding something. 
Filmed in Banff, Alberta under a tax shelter in December 1980, the film had an unstable financial situation and the filmmakers nearly halted the production mid-way through due to depletion of its budget. The film was given a minuscule theatrical run in Canada and the United States and is consequently little-known among horror film fans, but has attained a cult following over the years. It was released in VHS format in the 1990s, and released on DVD by Code Red Releasing in April 2012.
Plot.
The film opens with a title card reading ""In the Indian legends of North America, there exists a creature called Windigo... a ghost who lives on human flesh."" The audience is then introduced to Jenny (Riva Spier), Marty (Murray Ord), and Chrissy (Sheri McFadden), who are spending their New Year's Eve on a snowmobiling trip in the Rocky Mountains. After talking with a man at a small ski shop, the three decide to go riding before dark, but end up caught in a blizzard. Looming before them is a seemingly abandoned hotel at the top of the snow trail, isolated from tourists and miles away from the skiing area.
The three enter the building to escape the increasingly harsh conditions, and find that the heat is on — there are, however, no working lights. As night falls, they start a fire in a fireplace in the lobby of the hotel, and tell stories and reminisce. Marty decides to go into the hotel kitchen where he finds an old woman (Georgie Collins) lurking. She is brash and apprehensive of their presence, and they learn that she lives in the hotel with two unseen sons; she fails to tell them her name.
Though hesitant, the old lady takes them to their rooms. Marty and Jenny argue in their bedroom, while Chrissy goes down the hallway to take a bath since the plumbing in their rooms is obsolete. While in the bathtub, Chrissy is attacked by one of the old woman's sons, and held underwater until she becomes unconscious. A restless Jenny goes to check on Chrissy, but the candle-lit bathroom is empty; Jenny then runs into the old woman, and they speak for a few minutes about the hotel and her sons; she says ambiguously that she's "getting too old for it". Marty then stumbles upon the conversation, and they part ways. Meanwhile, Chrissy's attacker carries her to the basement of the hotel, where he slits her throat and then leaves her body in an igloo-like freezer.
Marty and Jenny retire to their rooms, and Jenny awakens in the middle of the night. She leaves her room again, and hears the old woman talking to someone downstairs. She walks to the end of the hallway to the stairwell, and peers down to see the old lady talking to her son, saying, "It's done, isn't it?".
The next morning, Marty goes outside to the snowmobiles to try and start them, but they still fail to turn on. Jenny gets dressed and goes downstairs, where Marty is arguing with the old woman in the kitchen — Chrissy is nowhere to be seen, and he suspects the snowmobiles have been tampered with. Marty goes outside the hotel to an old shed to look for tools, while Jenny stays in the kitchen with the old woman. The woman offers Jenny tea, which she accepts. Over tea, Jenny inquires about Chrissy's disappearance, but the old woman is evasive.
Jenny returns to the front lounge room of the hotel, where she grows tired and begins to fall unconscious; it seems she has been drugged. She awakens in the basement, where she finds a book on Native American folklore, which explains that a windigo is often "kept" by an old woman who had the power passed on to her from another.
In the basement, she finds the freezer where Chrissy's body was priorly left; she opens it, revealing a growling, beast-like man—it is revealed that he is the old woman's second son, a human Windigo. The other son comes down to the basement with a chainsaw, and chases Jenny throughout the hotel, up into the attic. Jenny exits through a window onto a small balcony; she manages to push the man over, where he is impaled on an iron fence below.
Jenny finds Marty outside, who appears to be possessed and is rambling to himself. He wanders off into the woods, and Jenny returns to the hotel. Meanwhile, the storekeeper from the beginning of the film arrives at the hotel in search of the trio; almost immediately after entering, he is stabbed to death by the old woman. Jenny re-enters the hotel, where she finds the old woman's son's body, which has been dragged into the foyer. She finds a shotgun in a storage room, and is confronted by the knife-wielding old woman, who claims she is Jenny's dead mother. Jenny shoots her in the chest, killing her.
After shooting the woman, Jenny seems to be overtaken by something; she goes to the basement and visits the windigo in the freezer, saying, "It's all right, Jenny will look after you now." She goes outside and finds Marty's lifeless body, but has no reaction to it; "I'll come back for you, Marty", she says, sweetly.
The film ends with Jenny sitting in a lounge chair in front of the fire that night; the old woman's voice says in her head, "You've done good. You'll be fine... I'll look after you, you know I will. It'll be like it always was. You'll see".
Production.
"Ghostkeeper" was filmed on location in Lake Louise and the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada. Filming began on December 1, 1980, and finished on December 23, 1980. The film's budget was a modest CA$750,000 dollars, thus justifying the film as a highly low budget production. The cast was made up of unknown or locally known actors, and for most of them, "Ghostkeeper" was their first and final film credit (Georgie Collins was primarily a well-known stage actress in Calgary, and Murray Ord went on to become a successful film producer in later years).
The film was made under a tax shelter, which made its financial situation rather unstable; Jim Makichuk said that he was given the option of halting the film's production when the funding began to run low, but he pursued to finish the film anyway—
According to Makichuk, prior to the depletion of the budget, his original intention was to film a much longer ending, including an extended chase sequence with Spier and the Wendigo creature on the rooftop of the Deer Lodge hotel.
The film's score was composed by Paul Zaza, who also composed music for both Canadian slasher film productions "Prom Night" (1980) and "My Bloody Valentine" (1981). Zaza got on board due to the involvement of film editor Stan Cole. In fact, some of the musical themes featured in "Ghostkeeper" were also used in "Prom Night".
Release.
"Ghostkeeper" was released in Canada and the United States in 1981, being distributed by New World Pictures, but did not receive a home video release until the early 1990s. The film was released on VHS in September 1990 through New World Pictures' home video branch. Director Jim Makichuk stated in an interview that he was trying to get a DVD released through Netflix with a quality print of the film.
In April 2012, "Ghostkeeper" was released for the first time on DVD through Code Red Releasing. The DVD included a commentary with Jim Makichuck, Riva Spier and Murray Ord, an interview with director of photography John Holbook as well as an interview with actress Georgie Collins. The film is presented in 1.78.1 anamorphic widescreen for the first time on video and has been restored from the only known existing film elements.

</doc>
<doc id="21544490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544490" title="I Love College">
I Love College

"I Love College" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Asher Roth, released on January 13, 2009, as the lead single from his debut album, "Asleep in the Bread Aisle" (2009). The song, which was produced by Mike Caren and Ben H. Allen, also serves as Roth's commercial debut single, released by Schoolboy, SRC and Universal Motown. The song was later serviced for Airplay to radio stations in the United Kingdom, on April 27, 2009.
The song is related to his experience at West Chester University in West Chester, Pennsylvania. The song originally sampled "Say It Ain't So", as performed by American rock band Weezer, but was reworked by Ben H. Allen, as it is believed that their lead singer Rivers Cuomo, refused to clear the sample. The song also samples "10% Dis", as performed by MC Lyte.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Jonathan Lia and Scooter Braun. It was released to online outlets in early February. The video is set at a house party of the fictional Alpha Sigma Eta (A.S.H.) fraternity, and features activities such as binge drinking, smoking marijuana, strip poker, beer pong and "caking" and there is a replica WWE championship in the background.
Remixes and other versions.
A remix was produced for the LOUD.COM Producers Challenge in partnership with SRC, Asher's record label. The remix was produced by J Cardim and features beatboxer Chesney Snow. The actual beat is entirely beatbox created by Chesney Snow. The track was released via Loud.com and YouTube.
There are several artists that have recorded either unofficial remixes or their own versions of the song, such as Ludacris.
Asher Roth and Jim Jones have performed their remix together at mtvU Spring Break 2009.
Chart performance.
"I Love College" first appeared on the "Billboard" charts at number 85 on the Pop 100 in late February, then presently at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song eventually peaked at number 19 on the Pop 100 and number 12 on the Hot 100. The song sold over one-million downloads in the United States in twelve weeks of release. It peaked at number 26 in the United Kingdom and at number 53 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21544493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544493" title="VOKS">
VOKS

VOKS (an acronym for the Russian "Vsesoiuznoe Obshchestvo Kul'turnoi Sviazi s zagranitsei" — Всесоюзное общество культурной связи с заграницей, All-Union Society for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries) was an entity created by the government of the Soviet Union in 1925 to promote international cultural contact between writers, composers, musicians, cinematographers, artists, scientists, educators, and athletes of the USSR with those of other countries. The organization conducted tours and conferences of such cultural workers.
Although of Soviet origin, VOKS was in fact an international organization, with parallel national branches around the world, such as the "American Society for Cultural Relations with Russia" (established 1926) and the "Society for Polish-Soviet Friendship" (established 1944). VOKS was frequently criticized by Western government officials, public intellectuals, and the press for functioning as a de facto communist propaganda organization. VOKS was restructured and renamed in 1958, replaced by a new so-called "friendship organization" known as the "Union of Soviet Societies for Friendship and Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries," which continued to exist until 1992.
Organizational history.
Establishment and structure.
VOKS, the All-Union Society for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries, was established in Moscow in 1925 as a mechanism to coordinate cultural contact between Soviet cultural workers and intellectuals and their peers in the capitalist countries of the West. Planning for the organization seems to have begun in May 1925, with a formal constitution for the society approved by a decree of the Council of People's Commissars dated August 8 of that same year. According to this formal public document, VOKS was intended "to cooperate in the establishment and developmentof scientific and cultural relations between institutions, public organizations and individual scientific and cultural workers in the USSR and those of other countries."
VOKS was subdivided by field of interest into a number of sections, including a Literary Section concentrating upon publishers and authors; a Musical and Theatrical Section for composers, musicians, actors, and playwrights; a Cinema Section for cinematographers and those concerned with film production; a Juridical Section dealing with matters of interest to jurists; and an Exhibition Section to deal with the presentation of international expositions relating to art and literature. VOKS also maintained a Press Department, which published an organ called the "Weekly News Bulletin" in Russian, English, French, and German.
Official function.
The organization had both international and domestic functions, managing the activities of a growing number of "societies of friends of the Soviet Union" around the world as well as gathering information about cultural trends in the West and sponsoring direct contract between Soviet and non-Soviet cultural workers and intellectuals.
From its earliest days VOKS coordinated cultural, scientific, and literary exchanges and was the organization which frequently received prominent visitors to the Soviet Union from the West and arranged their contacts with Soviet peers. Inside the USSR, the organization facilitated the importation and translation of foreign scientific and literary texts and organized public presentations by artists and scholars returning from trips to the West. The society also helped with currency transfers to enable Soviet scholars to join foreign academic societies, expedited the acquisition of travel visas, and assisted with the difficult process of receiving foreign books and journals through the USSR's tight net of internal censorship.
Although officially launched by the Council of People's Commissars and maintaining close connections with both the People's Commissariat of Foreign Affairs and the secret police, VOKS consistently maintained the pretext of being an independent "society" rather than an official appendage of the Soviet state apparatus. This semi-independent status was accentuated by the inclusion of significant numbers of non-Party intellectuals within its membership ranks.
Propaganda function.
A key aspect of VOKS was its ability to put forward articulate intellectuals to defend the Russian revolution and the Soviet system in an international setting. VOKS-sponsored scientists, artists, and educators reached the general public through lectures, exhibitions, and other forms of public interaction, and were also instrumental in maintaining Moscow's influence over the network of so-called "friendship societies" across Europe and around the world, putting a learned and cultured face on a sometimes brutal revolutionary reality.
VOKS sponsored artistic exhibitions, cultural exchanges, concerts, tours, lectures, and sporting events which helped to cast the USSR in a positive and humane light. The society also published travel guides in English, German, and French and made efforts to solve problems and expedite contacts for foreigners traveling in the Soviet Union.
The successes and prestige of VOKS abroad seem to have additionally had a positive impact on shaping the attitudes of the Soviet intelligentsia during the 1920s, building support among the sometimes feisty artistic community for the new regime.
The organization also served as an effective front for the Soviet Union's foreign intelligence operations, as historian Svetlana Chervonnaya notes:
However, VOKS also often served as a convenient 'roof' for operations of both branches of Soviet intelligence, whose residents and operatives used opportunities provided by VOKS to establish and maintain contacts in intellectual, scientific and government circles. These contacts were, for the most part, unaware that they were dealing not with 'cultural representatives' and diplomats, but with intelligence officers.
Leadership.
The leading figure in VOKS from the time of its establishment until 1930 was Olga Kameneva, the sister of prominent Bolshevik Leon Trotsky and wife of Soviet leader Lev Kamenev. Kameneva was followed in 1930 by Fedor Nikolaevich Petrov, a college educated Old Bolshevik who had worked previously in the Soviet bureaucracy in the Main Directorate for Scientific, Artistic, Museum, Theatrical, and Literary Institutions and Organizations (Glavnauka), part of the People's Commissariat for Education.
In 1934 Petrov was replaced as head of VOKS by Alexander Arosev, a writer and former Ambassador to Czechoslovakia who was a longtime acquaintance of Joseph Stalin's right-hand man, V.M. Molotov. Arosev would run afoul of the secret police in 1937 during the Terror of 1937-38. He was replaced by Viktor Fedorovich Smirnov, who remained as head of VOKS until 1940.
Viktor Smirnov would be followed by just three other chairs of VOKS and its successor organization during the entire decades of the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, and the first half of the 1970s — Vladimir Kemenov (1940 to 1948), Andrei Denisov (1948 to 1957), and Nina Popova (1957 to 1975).
VOKS in the 1950s.
By 1957 so-called "friendship societies" had been established in 47 countries, all of which were coordinated by VOKS.
In America, VOKS gained new notoriety in the 1950s when U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy accused journalist Edward R. Murrow of colluding with the organization on the CBS television program "See It Now."
From VOKS to SSOD.
In 1958, VOKS was reorganized as a new entity called the Union of Soviet Societies for Friendship and Cultural Contacts (SSOD). The new SSOD continued to fulfill the role previously played by VOKS until it was disbanded in 1992, in the aftermath of the dissolution of the Soviet Union in December of the previous year.
An official government agency for international cultural affairs followed in the post-communist period, called since 1994 the "Russian Center for International Scientific and Cultural Cooperation of the Government of the Russian Federation."
Overseas counterparts.
American Society for Cultural Relations with Russia.
The American Society for Cultural Relations with Russia was established 1926 and organized in 1927, with offices at 49 East 25th Street, New York, NY.
In the exchange of books on cultural and technical subjects with learned societies, universities and Government departments in foreign countries has reached considerable proportions, the USA sent more than 48,000 volumes, representing some 60 percent of the exchange.
As of 1928, members included:
Polish–Soviet Friendship Society.
The Society for Polish-Soviet Friendship (in Polish, Towarzystwo Prźyjazni Polsko-Radzieckiej or TPPR) was established 1944.
Legacy.
The papers of VOKS are housed in Moscow at the State Archive of the Russian Federation (GARF).

</doc>
<doc id="21544494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544494" title="An Iomall">
An Iomall

An Iomall (, pronounced An Yum-al) is a studio album by Scottish traditional singer Alyth, and is also her first album. The album features much of Alyth's live band, as well as her partner. It includes many songs in Gaelic and many Scottish traditional songs. "An Iomall" features drums and other instruments that are uncommon in most traditional and folk releases, in both Ireland and Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="21544497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544497" title="Jury Grand Prix">
Jury Grand Prix

The Jury Grand Prix (also Grand Jury Prize, Grand Prize of the Jury) is a Silver Bear award given by the jury at the Berlin International Film Festival to one of the feature films in competition. It is the runner-up to the Golden Bear prize and is considered the second most prestigious prize at the festival. 
The award was first introduced at the 15th Berlin International Film Festival in 1965. The prize was also formerly known as the Special Jury Prize. In 2000 at the 50th Berlin International Film Festival, its title was officially changed to "Jury Grand Prix".

</doc>
<doc id="21544505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544505" title="2009 Copa Telmex">
2009 Copa Telmex

The 2009 Copa Telmex was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 12th edition of the Copa Telmex, and was part of the International Series of the 2009 ATP Tour. It took place in Buenos Aires, Argentina, from February 16 through February 22, 2009. 
The singles line up is led by world no. 10 and defending champion David Nalbandian, Nicolás Almagro and 2009 Costa do Sauípe champion Tommy Robredo. Other top seeds are Carlos Moyá, 2009 Viña del Mar finalist José Acasuso, Albert Montañés, Marcel Granollers and Eduardo Schwank.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="21544512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544512" title="Grind Stormer">
Grind Stormer

Grind Stormer, also known as , is a vertically forced scrolling shoot 'em up developed for the arcade by Toaplan, and ported to the Sega Mega Drive in 1993 by Tengen.
Story.
The game takes place in the year 2210 where 'the ultimate arcade machine' Grind Stormer/V・V has finally been released. A VR shooting game, Grind Stormer/V・V becomes so addicting that the government assigns a young man to investigate the arcade phenomenon in order to question its true purpose and to perform the impossible: to beat the game.
Gameplay.
The game was released on the Sega Mega Drive as a 2-in-1 package. Players can choose to play either V・V or Grind Stormer, the chief difference being in the power-up system:
Weapons.
Shot - The standard Vulcan weapon, the Shot beam can fire in three different directions, but when the ship's options "merge" the smaller shots will converge into one large beam. This is the ship's default weapon.
Search - A weapon that only affects the options, this will turn the options into homing devices that seek out any enemies on the screen (even if they were invulnerable). This item will turn the ship a light violet once equipped.
Missile - This weapon fires non-homing rockets, though with an incredible firing rate and power. This item will turn the ship blue once equipped. The options follow the ship in the "snake" or "shadow" style also similar to "Gradius".

</doc>
<doc id="21544519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544519" title="USS K. I. Luckenbach (ID-2291)">
USS K. I. Luckenbach (ID-2291)

USS "K. I. Luckenbach" (ID-2291) was a cargo ship and troop transport that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
Construction and early career.
SS "K. I. Luckenbach" was built as a commercial cargo ship at Quincy, Massachusetts, by Fore River Shipbuilding Corporation for Luckenbach Steamship Company of New York City. Launched on 27 October 1917, she was delivered to Luckenbach in early 1918. The 3rd Naval District inspected her on 11 February 1918 for possible U.S. Navy World War I service; after she spent several months operating under charter to the United States Army, the Navy acquired her on 8 August 1918. Assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 2291, she was commissioned on 9 August 1918 as USS "K. I. Luckenbach" with Lieutenant Commander James A. McDonald, USNRF, in command.
U.S. Navy career.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "K. I. Luckenbach" served as a cargo ship, supplying the American Expeditionary Force in France. Between 12 August 1918 and 22 December 1918, she made two round-trip voyages carrying general U.S. Army cargo to France.
In December 1918, following her return from the second voyage, "K. I. Luckenbach" was transferred to the Cruiser and Transport Force for postwar use as a troop transport. After conversion into a transport, she made three round-trip voyages in 1919 to assist in returning American troops from France. She debarked her last soldiers at New York City on 14 September 1919.
On 16 September 1919, "K. I. Luckenbach" arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, where she was decommissioned on 5 October 1919. She was returned to Luckenbach Steamship Company on the day of her decommissioning.
Later career.
The ship resumed commercial service as SS "K. I. Luckenbach". Childrens author Howard Pease drew upon his service aboard "K. I. Luckenbach" for his 1927 novel "The Jinx Ship".
Midway through 1933, "K. I. Luckenbach" received press coverage when San Francisco, California, automobile dealer James F. Waters purchased 350 new DeSoto and Plymouth automobiles from the New York distributor and, for publicity purposes, elected to ship them to San Francisco via the Panama Canal, an event that was well publicized by DeSotos sales office. In an article entitled "DEALER CHARTERS BOAT TO TRANSPORT 350 CARS; San Francisco De Soto Dealer Receives Cars Via Canal, "Automobile Topics" reported:

</doc>
<doc id="21544521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544521" title="Scarborough Island">
Scarborough Island

Scarborough Island is a small eyot (river island) in the Dungeness River, in Sequim, Washington. About one acre square, it is located near Dungeness Meadows and can be seen from the Dungeness River Dike.

</doc>
<doc id="21544524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544524" title="Mugearite">
Mugearite

Mugearite is a type of oligoclase-bearing basalt, comprising olivine, apatite, and opaque oxides. The main feldspar in mugearite is oligoclase.
The rock type was first identified at Mugeary on the island of Skye, Scotland by Alfred Harker in 1904. Analysis of a Martian rock found by the "Curiosity" rover and named "Jake Matijevic"(or "Jake M"), after a NASA engineer, determined that the martian rock was very similar to terrestrial mugearite. 

</doc>
<doc id="21544527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544527" title="People Like Me">
People Like Me

People Like Me is a studio album by Scottish traditional singer Alyth, and is also her second studio album. The album features much of Alyth's live band, as well as her partner and members of Scottish folk band Lau. The album features fewer songs in Gaelic than her previous album and collaborations. It was recorded in both Ireland and Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="21544534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544534" title="Mon cœur s'ouvre à ta voix">
Mon cœur s'ouvre à ta voix

"" is a popular mezzo-soprano aria from Camille Saint-Saëns's opera "Samson and Delilah", known in English as "Softly awakes my heart", or more literally "My heart opens itself to your voice". It is sung by Delilah in act 2 as she attempts to seduce Samson into revealing the secret of his strength.
Music.
In the opera, Delilah is responding to Samson's words "'" (Delilah! Delilah! I love you!) which he repeats between the first and second verses of her aria; these interjections are omitted in recital performances or sometimes sung to the changed words "'"; Samson's part in the final 22 bars of the stage aria where he joins Delilah in a duet is also omitted in a recital, although some performers, notably Marilyn Horne, have sung Samson's final words – changed as above, rising to a high B-flat. A performance takes between 5 1/2 and 6 1/2 minutes.
The aria is notated in D-flat major with time signatures of 3/4 for the verse and common time (4/4) for the refrain (""""); the tempo indication is "andantino" (=66) for the verses and "un poco più lento" (a little slower) for the refrain. The vocal range extends from B-flat3 to G5, with a tessitura from E-flat4 to E-flat5.
The instrumentation calls for flute, oboe, English horn, clarinet, horns, harp and strings. All instrument lines, except the harp, make intensive use of divisi (cellos play in four divisi). The orchestral accompaniment consists mainly of reiterated notes for the first verse and of falling chromatic lines for the second verse; the refrain is accompanied by ascending broken chords.
The melismatic setting of the lyrics present a particular challenge for the performance of this aria as it requires legato singing over a wide range.
In modern music.
The aria's melody appears in the song "Night", written by John Lehman and Ron Miller and performed in 1960 by Jackie Wilson.
Julie Andrews and Italian-American tenor Sergio Franchi sang this aria in duet on the 17 February 1973 ABC TV broadcast of "The Julie Andrews Hour".
Pop singer Klaus Nomi would often end his concerts with a countertenor rendition of this piece; such a version was used as the closing credits music for the 1982 concert compilation film "Urgh! A Music War".
Run–D.M.C.'s Joseph Simmons' rendition of this song appears on the 1997 album "The Rapsody Overture: Hip Hop Meets Classic", a collection of hip hop songs intertwined with classical vocals and music.
Japanese pianist and composer Joe Hisaishi incorporates the melody from this aria in the track "Babylon no Oka" (Babylon Hill) in his 1998 album "Piano Stories III".
Japanese classical crossover singer Kanon recorded this song with English lyrics on her 2004 album "Hymn of Grace" under the title "Anata no Koe ni Kokoro wa Hiraku" (which has the same meaning as "").
A montage of the last two lines of this aria has been recorded by English alternative rock band Muse, and is included in the track titled "I Belong to You (+)" of their 2009 album "The Resistance".

</doc>
