<doc id="21438449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438449" title="Tutu Chengcui">
Tutu Chengcui

Tutu Chengcui (吐突承璀) (died 820), courtesy name Renzhen (仁貞), was a powerful eunuch of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, during the reign of Emperor Xianzong.
Background.
It is not known when Tutu Chengcui was born — or whether he was originally surnamed Tutu, although, as it is known that he was from the Min region (閩, roughly modern Fujian), it would appear doubtful, as Tutu was largely a Xianbei surname. Early in his career as an eunuch, he served at the eastern palace (i.e., the Crown Prince's palace) and later served as a supervising eunuch at the textile agency (掖庭局, "Yiting Ju") within the eunuch bureau (內侍省, "Neishi Sheng"). It was said that he was dextrous, intelligent, and capable. While he was serving at the Crown Prince's palace, he served under Li Chun the Prince of Guangling, a son of then-crown prince Li Song (who was a son of then-reigning Emperor Dezong).
During Emperor Xianzong's reign.
In 805, Emperor Dezong died, and Li Song became emperor (as Emperor Shunzong), but as Emperor Shunzong was himself severely ill at that point, he yielded the throne to Li Chun later in the year (as Emperor Xianzong). Emperor Xianzong made Tutu Chengcui "Neichangshi" (內常侍) — the secretary general of the eunuch bureau, serving as the acting head of the eunuch bureau. In 806, Tutu was also made the commander (中尉, "Zhongwei") of the Left Shence Army (左神策軍), as well as the director of religious affairs (功德使, "Gongdeshi").
In 809, one of the key military governors ("Jiedushi") who had been ruling their circuits in a "de facto" independent manner — Wang Shizhen the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) — died. Wang Shizhen's son Wang Chengzong declared himself acting military governor. In the past, these successions were routinely approved by the imperial government, but Emperor Xianzong, wanting to reassert imperial authority, hesitated in doing so and considered taking the control of Chengde back by force. The chancellor Pei Ji opposed military action, but Tutu volunteered to command an army against Wang Chengzong. Meanwhile, Lu Congshi (盧從史) the military governor of Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) wanted imperial favor, and offered, through Tutu, to attack Wang as well, causing Emperor Xianzong to consider military action further.
Meanwhile, around the same time, there was an incident where Tutu, in his role as director of religious affairs, remodeled Anguo Temple (安國寺) and, in the process, built a magnificent stele and asked for Emperor Xianzong to designate an official to author the text of the stele, to praise Emperor Xianzong. Emperor Xianzong asked the imperial scholar Li Jiang to do so, but Li Jiang pointed out that of the great rulers of antiquity, none erected monuments to praise himself, and the poorly-regarded Qin Shi Huang did. Emperor Xianzong thus ordered Tutu to destroy the stele.
To resolve the standoff, Wang Chengzong offered to surrender two of Chengde's six prefectures — De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) — to imperial control as a new Baoxin Circuit. Emperor Xianzong was set to accept the offer and make Wang military governor, but Wang soon retracted the offer and arrested Xue Changchao (薛昌朝), whom Emperor Xianzong was set to commission as the military governor of Baoxin. In winter 809, Emperor Xianzong stripped Wang of his titles and commissioned Tutu as the commander of the forces against Chengde. Many officials, including Bai Juyi, Li Yuansu (李元素), Li Yong, Xu Mengrong (許孟容), Li Yijian, Meng Jian (孟簡), Lü Yuanying (呂元膺), Mu Zhi (穆質), and Dugu Yu (獨孤郁), opposed the commission, arguing that generals would feel ashamed serving under a eunuch. Emperor Xianzong reduced Tutu's title slightly but kept him in command.
In spring 810, Tutu arrived at the northern front against Chengde, but it was said that he lacked the respect of the generals, and the military actions were therefore less than successful. In particular, after one key imperial general, Li Dingjin (酈定進) was killed in battle, the morale took a major blow. Meanwhile, Tutu and Emperor Xianzong became aware that while Lu Congshi had initially encouraged military action against Chengde, he was actually secretly in communications with Chengde and interfering with the military action. Tutu thus befriended Lu by giving Lu various treasures as gifts. Once Lu's guard was down, on one occasion when Lu was at Tutu's headquarters, Tutu had him arrested and had Lu's subordinate Wu Chongyin take control of the Zhaoyi army. Tutu subsequently recommended Wu to succeed Lu, but at the suggestion of Li Jiang, Emperor Xianzong made Wu the military governor of Heyang Circuit (河陽, headquartered in modern Luoyang, Henan) and made Meng Yuanyang (孟元陽) the military governor of Heyang Circuit the new military governor of Zhaoyi. After Lu's arrest, Wang submitted a petition offering to submit and accusing Lu of having alienated him from the imperial government. As imperial forces were having no success against Wang by that point, Emperor Xianzong recalled Tutu's army and exonerated Wang and his soldiers, making Wang the military governor of Chengde.
After Tutu returned to the capital Chang'an, Emperor Xianzong initially had him resume the command of the Left Shence Army. However, Pei, Duan Pingzhong (段平仲), Lü, and Li Jiang all advocated that, because Tutu was unable to defeat Wang as he promised, he should be punished. Emperor Xianzong, in response, demoted Tutu to be the director of armory supplies (軍器使, "Junqishi"). It was said that people celebrated Tutu's demotion.
In 811, Tutu's subordinate Liu Xiguang (劉希光) was found to have received bribes from the general Sun Rui (孫瑞) to help make Sun a military governor. Liu was forced to commit suicide, and during the investigation, Tutu was implicated. Emperor Xianzong thus demoted Tutu out of the capital to serve as the monitoring eunuch at Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu).
While Tutu was at Huainan, Li Yong served as military governor. It was said that while Li Yong was strict and stern, he and Tutu respected each other and did not interfere with each other. Meanwhile, in 814, with Li Jiang, who was then chancellor, repeatedly offering to resign due to a foot illness, Emperor Xianzong removed Li Jiang from his chancellor position and made him the minister of rites, with an eye toward recalling Tutu after that. He soon did so, and Tutu was again made the director of armory supplies as well as the commander of the Left Shence Army. Appreciative of the mutual respect that he had with Li Yong, in 817, he recommended Li Yong to be chancellor, and Emperor Xianzong thus recalled Li Yong to be chancellor. However, Li Yong found it shameful to be recommended by a eunuch, and upon arrival in Chang'an, he offered to resign and refused to meet his subordinates as chancellor or to carry out the duties of chancellor. Emperor Xianzong made Li Yijian chancellor instead. Meanwhile, in 818, also at Tutu's recommendation, Emperor Xianzong made Huangfu Bo a chancellor as well.
Death.
Meanwhile, Tutu Chengcui also injected himself into Emperor Xianzong's succession plans. Emperor Xianzong had initially, in 809, created his oldest son Li Ning, who was not born of his wife Consort Guo, crown prince, but Li Ning died in 811. After Li Ning's death, Tutu suggested that Emperor Xianzong's next oldest son, Li Kuan (李寬) the Prince of Li (whose name was later changed to Li Yun (李惲)), be created crown prince. Emperor Xianzong disagreed and created Consort Guo's son Li You the Prince of Sui (whose name was soon changed to Li Heng) crown prince instead. Despite this, Tutu continued to advocate for Li Yun's ascension, particularly after his recall. In 820, when Emperor Xianzong grew ill, it was said that Tutu was plotting to have Li Yun become emperor, such that Li Heng feared for his own safety.
In spring 820, Emperor Xianzong died suddenly — and historians generally believed that it was the eunuch Chen Hongzhi (陳弘志) who murdered him. The eunuchs Liang Shouqian (梁守謙), Ma Jintan (馬進潭), Liu Chengjie (劉承偕), Wei Yuansu (韋元素), and Wang Shoucheng, had Tutu and Li Yun killed, and they supported Li Heng to succeed to the throne (as Emperor Muzong). During the reign of Emperor Muzong's son Emperor Jingzong, the eunuch Ma Cunliang (馬存亮) submitted a petition listing the accomplishments of Tutu, and Emperor Jingzong allowed Tutu's adopted son Tutu Shiye (吐突士曄) to have Tutu Chengcui reburied properly. During the subsequent reign of another of son of Emperor Xianzong's, Emperor Xuānzong, Tutu Shiye was further promoted to be commander of the Right Shence Army (右神策軍).

</doc>
<doc id="21438461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438461" title="John West (captain)">
John West (captain)

John West (1809 – 1888) was a Scottish inventor and businessman who emigrated to Canada, California and later Oregon where he operated a cannery and exported salmon to Great Britain.
The Pelling Stanley and Company in the UK imported his salmon and paid for the rights to use his name which led to the establishment of the use of "John West" as a brand name.
Biography.
Born in 1809, John West immigrated to Quebec, Canada where he married and started a family while apprenticing as a millwright. In 1849, he left his family and job to search for gold in California. A year later, with little gold to show for his efforts, he arrived in Astoria, Oregon and went to work using his knowledge as a millwright.
In 1853, West and his wife Margaret took up a Donation Land Claim along the lower Columbia River upon which he soon began construction of a water-powered sawmill. West built a steam-powered sawmill in the early 1860s, and by 1868, he was exporting lumber to Australia. During these years, the community of Westport grew up around John West's sawmill on his Donation Land Claim.
The West family sold the mill in the early 1900s. The Westport Lumber Company continued production there until February 1956, when it became uneconomical to operate the mill because of a scarcity of logs sufficient in size.
John West also exported salmon from as early as 1857. The first fish West processed were salted, packed in barrels, then shipped to California, where they were loaded on sailing ships and sent around Cape Horn to East Coast ports, and then on to Great Britain. In 1868, West, in partnership with others, found the Westport Cannery, the first on the Oregon shore of the Columbia River. The cannery packed 22,000 cases of salmon during the 1873 season and in October of that year won a gold medal from the Oregon Agricultural Society, in a competition that was the genesis for the Oregon State Fair. Salmon canning peaked in the 1880s with 39 canneries in 1883, supported by 1,700 commercial fishing boats along the Columbia River.
West invented an automated can-filing machine and was the first on the lower Columbia River to make use of salmon waste for oil and fishmeal by-products. He also experimented with canning beef, mutton, and blackberries to keep the machinery and workers busy during the salmon off season. West's brand label for canned foods lives on today as John West Foods of Liverpool, England, which markets canned fish, fruit, vegetables, and meat all over the world.
"Captain" John West died in 1888 at the age of 79 and is buried in the West family plot at the Westport Cemetery.
Commemoration.
An Oregon Historical Marker was erected on July 14, 2009 at Bradley State Scenic Viewpoint near Westport, Oregon commemorating John West and Wesport, Oregon. Bryan C. Aalberg, fourth great-grandson of "Captain" John West is credited with creation of the marker.

</doc>
<doc id="21438463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438463" title="Jean-François Morin-Roberge">
Jean-François Morin-Roberge

Jean-François Morin-Roberge (born January 9, 1984 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a former offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the fourth round of the 2008 CFL Draft. He played CIS Football at Montreal.
Morin-Roberge also with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers for their 2009 pre-season training camp, but was cut by the team at the camp's conclusion. On October 19, 2009, Morin-Roberge was signed by the Toronto Argonauts to practice roster agreement. He was released by the Argonauts on November 8, 2009, but was re-signed by the team on January 15, 2010. On April 19, 2010, Morin-Roberge retired from football.[http://www.argonauts.ca/page/transactions_68611]

</doc>
<doc id="21438486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438486" title="Enucleation (surgery)">
Enucleation (surgery)

As a general surgical technique, enucleation refers to the surgical removal of a mass without cutting into or dissecting it.
Removal of the eye.
Enucleation refers to removal of the eyeball itself, while leaving surrounding tissues intact.
Removal of oral cysts and tumors.
In the context of oral pathology, enucleation involves removal of all tissue (both hard and soft) involved in a lesion.
Removal of uterine fibroids (leiomyomata).
Enucleation is removal of fibroids without removing the uterus (hysterectomy), which is also commonly performed.

</doc>
<doc id="21438520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438520" title="IIHF European Cup 1977">
IIHF European Cup 1977

The 1976-1977 European Cup was the twelfth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 12, 1976, and finished on February 13, 1979.
The tournament was won by Poldi Kladno, who beat Spartak Moscow in the final

</doc>
<doc id="21438536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438536" title="Lake Street Station">
Lake Street Station

Lake Street Station can refer to several public transportation stops or stations in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="21438542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438542" title="Screen Award for Best Screenplay">
Screen Award for Best Screenplay

The winners of the Star Screen Awards for Best Screenplay are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="21438543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438543" title="Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 2nd Baronet

Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 2nd Baronet (1596–1686) was an English Baronet, member of the Gascoigne family and survivor of the Popish Plot.
Background.
He was the eldest son of Sir John Gascoigne, 1st Baronet, of Barnbow and Parlington Hall, Yorkshire, the head of a devoutly Roman Catholic family (himself a convert), and his wife Anne Ingelby of Lawkland Hall; as was common with Yorkshire recusant families then, nearly all his younger siblings entered the religious life. After succeeding to the title in 1637 he seems to have spent much of his life quietly managing his estates and his lucrative colliery. He was also a generous patron of the Franciscan order at their house near Thirsk.
Popish Plot.
During the Popish Plot, he was accused of conspiracy to kill King Charles II by two disgruntled former employees, Bolron and Mowbray, but was acquitted, and retired to spend his last years in Germany.
As J.P. Kenyon remarks, even in the general atmosphere of hysteria created by the Popish Plot, it is difficult to see how the authorities could have taken seriously such accusations against a man who was nearly 85, deaf and almost blind, and who had scarcely left his estate for 30 years. Gascoigne, ordered to stand his trial in London, sensibly demanded to be tried by a Yorkshire jury. The delay in bringing them down allowed him time to prepare his defence; and the judges admitted that the jurors were better equipped to decide on the credibility of witnesses, most of whom they knew personally, than were the judges themselves.
By the spring of 1680 the hysteria caused by the Plot was waning, and the judges, especially Sir William Dolben, showing more impartiality then in earlier Plot trials, admitted that the jury might find the accusers, Bolron and Mowbray, unreliable witnesses. Gascoigne was held in high regard by his Protestant neighbours, several of whom travelled to London to testify on his behalf. As Kenyon notes, it is interesting that the Court heard evidence about 
the Franciscan house at Mount Grace, Thirsk, of which Gascoigne was patron, and a great deal was said about the convent at Dolebank, near Ripon, founded by his daughter Anne Tempest, but it seems that the judges did not regard this vigooruos promotion of the Catholic faith as treasonable . In notable contrast to earlier trials, the judges made it clear that they would not press for a guilty verdict, and in the circumstances the jury had little difficulty in acquitting Gascoigne. They came in for severe criticism as a result, but public opinion gradually swung back in favour of the Catholic community. Gascoigne's alleged co-conspirators, who were supposed to have signed a mythical document called "the Bloody Oath of Secrecy", were acquitted, and the Yorkshire part of the Popish Plot fizzled out.
Death and family.
He died in 1686 at Lambspring monastery in Hanover, of which his brother John, who died in 1681, had been Abbot. By his wife Anne Symeon of Brightwell, Oxfordshire, he had eight surviving children, including his heir Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 3rd Baronet, and Anne, who married Sir Stephen Tempest, and like her father was tried, but acquitted for complicity in the Popish Plot. Two younger daughters, Catherine and Frances, became nuns.
He left £450 (c. £38,000 at 2010 valuation, with the purchasing power of 5,054 Days of craftsman wages in building trade.) that helped found the Bar Convent at Micklegate Bar in York.
The British consul at Amsterdam, who visited him at his last refuge in Lambspring, called him "a very good, harmless gentleman", who was clearly innocent of the crimes of which he had been accused.

</doc>
<doc id="21438555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438555" title="Pro Wrestling America Live">
Pro Wrestling America Live

Pro Wrestling America Live, commonly known as just Pro Wrestling America, is a New England independent professional wrestling promotion based in Waterville, Maine.
History.
The promotion was founded by Joshua James Duprey and was first promoted in conjunction with the former Wrestling Superstars Live-North Atlantic promoter, American professional wrestler Sonny Roselli. They only promoted two shows together both in Fairfield, Maine. The first show was on April 18, 2007 and the second, a Benefit for the Mid-Maine Homeless Shelter, was on June 23, 2007. In late 2008, Joshua James Duprey and Joel Andre Bouchard debated the possibilities of resurrecting Pro Wrestling America and decided to do so booking the first return show for January 16, 2009 in Skowhegan, Maine. The Show was coined Inaugural Brawl 2009 and featured a roster of great independent wrestling talent as well as World Wrestling Federation legend, "The Greatest Intercontinental Champion of all Time" The Honky Tonk Man.

</doc>
<doc id="21438560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438560" title="Nikolai Zlobin">
Nikolai Zlobin

Nikolai Zlobin "Николай Васильевич Злобин" (b. March 1, 1958) is a Russian political scientist, journalist and historian who has spent more than 20 years living and working in the United States. He is the author of more than a dozen books and more than 300 essays and articles on topics of 20th century history, Russian and American politics, and international security. Following a lengthy career in academia, Zlobin emerged as a leading commentator on U.S.-Russian relations. He currently serves as founder and president of the Center on Global Interests in Washington, D.C.
Early life.
Nikolai Zlobin was born in Moscow on March 1, 1958, to a family of academics. His father was Vasiliy Ivanovich Zlobin (1919–2008), a World War II veteran and a distinguished professor of history at Moscow State University, where he taught from 1951 until 2008. Vasiliy authored a number of works on political history, World War II, and theory of political parties in Russia and the Soviet Union that were widely published in Russia and abroad. Zlobin's mother was Clara Konstantinovna Zlobina Bondarenko (1928–2003), a nuclear physicist at the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (presently the Russian Academy of Sciences). 
Zlobin grew up in the famous “instructors’ building” that housed Moscow State University professors, located at the intersection of Leninsky and Lomonosovsky prospects. He attended School №14 (presently School №26), the same school where his daughter would later enter first grade. By Zlobin’s own account, he was a “hooligan” who did well on his schoolwork but consistently received poor grades for his behavior.
Education.
Zlobin completed his studies at Moscow State University. His undergraduate academic adviser was the prominent social historian Vladimir Drobizhev (1931-1989).
Academic work.
From 1983–1993, Zlobin was an Associate Professor and later Chairman of the History Department at Moscow State University. During this time he also served as an adviser to Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev and to his successor, Russian President Boris Yeltsin. Zlobin would later say his work with both politicians became impossible after he realized the two men personally “couldn’t stand each other.” 
Between 1993 and 2000, Zlobin held positions as a visiting professor and research fellow at
a number of universities and research institutions in the United
States, including Georgetown, Stanford, American, Webster, George Washington and Harvard universities, as well as the Kennan Institute of Advanced Russian Studies
at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington,
D.C.
From 1995–1999, he was a visiting professor at Webster University
in St. Louis, Missouri, where he created the university’s first international
communications program. During this time he completed research for a book that would become the first non-American assessment of U.S. President Harry S. Truman,
whom Zlobin largely credited with shaping the Cold-War world. In 2000, Zlobin published the first archival study on the preparation of Winston Churchill's 1946 "Iron Curtain" speech in Fulton, Missouri, which effectively announced the start of the Cold War. 
Zlobin also produced the first works on Russian political humor during the Gorbachev era. His articles on the topic, such as “Humor as Political Protest” (1996), first appeared in the journal "Demokratizatsiya, "where Zlobin served as co-editor. 
Nonprofit work.
From 2001–2012, Zlobin was Director of Russian and Asian programs at the Center for Defense Information (later renamed the World Security Institute) in Washington, D.C. During part of this time he produced
Washington ProFile, a Russian-language news digest of American news and analysis
that was widely read in Russia (see “Media” below).
In the fall of 2012,
he founded and became President of the Center on Global Interests, a nonprofit
research organization headquartered in Washington, D.C. While acknowledging the
difficulties of opening a new think tank in an already saturated environment,
Zlobin said his goal was to create an organization that would “go beyond Cold
War thinking” to provide a strategic, long-term vision for U.S.-Russian
relations.
Awards and honors.
Zlobin holds memberships in several prestigious expert associations. He has been a permanent
member of the Valdai International Discussion Club since its inception in 2004 and, since 2008, a permanent member of the Yaroslavl Global Policy Forum. He has also received numerous teaching
and research grants, including two MacArthur Foundation awards, two awards from the
Truman Institute, and another from the Soros Foundation.
Media.
1990 - 2000.
After his
arrival in the United States during the 1990s, Zlobin was a regular contributor
to "Literaturnaya Gazeta",
at the time Russia's largest-circulation newspaper, and to "Nezavisimaya Gazeta, "a leader in the newly independent Russian press. As a" "journalist he was able to meet with leading Western personalities, including Ross Perot, Jeane Kirkpatrick, Lech Walesa and Ralph Nader. He has since met with numerous prominent experts and politicians, including six current and former U.S.
presidents. 
Zlobin
was one of the first observers in the West to report on the growing influence
of organized crime in Russia, which was initially thought to jeopardize
his return to the country. After his article, "The Mafiacracy Takes Over,"
was published in "The New York Times" in 1994, Zlobin’s father reportedly called and told his son, "I love you,
but don't come back." 
From 1993–2013,
he served as founding Executive Co-Editor of "Demokratizatsiya: The Journal of Post-Soviet Democratization"," "an international scholarly journal focused on the
contemporary transformation of the Soviet successor states. Initially launched at American University, the journal developed into an editorial project linking U.S. and Russian scholars and secured the support of the Helen Dwight Reid Educational Foundation, headed at the time by former Reagan adviser Jeane Kirkpatrick. It continues to be published today by the George
Washington University in Washington, D.C., under Managing Editor Robert
Orttung.
2000 - present.
From 2000–2004, Zlobin was the founder and Editor-in-Chief of Washington ProFile, an independent digest
of American news and analysis delivered to international readers on a minimal
budget. According to Zlobin, the idea for the project arose from his frustration that
his Russian friends, despite having significant access to factual information,
still had little understanding of the real America. Within several years of its
existence Washington ProFile was distributed weekly to more than
20,000 Russian-language subscribers, and to a similar number of Chinese
readers, in more than 100 countries worldwide.
In 2003 the digest was listed as the second-most cited American-based
news agency in the Russian mass media after CNN. The Washington ProFile advisory
board included the future U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul, then an Associate Professor at Stanford University,
who called the news outlet “the perfect kind of low-tech democracy assistance." 
In the early
2000s, Zlobin became a columnist for the daily newspaper "Izvestia", and from 2009–2012 he wrote a column
for the Russian online journal "Snob"."ru". He also served on the Expert Board of the Russian news agency RIA Novosti from 2005 until
its liquidation by the state in 2014. Since 2008, he has been a permanent
columnist for the newspapers "Vedomosti" and "Rossiyskaya Gazeta", and frequently blogs for Echo of Moscow. His editorials have also appeared in the "New York Times, International Herald Tribune, Washington Post, Financial Times, Los Angeles Times" and the" Chicago Tribune," among
other publications. 
Zlobin is a frequent radio and TV commentator in the United States and Russia. From 2008–2009
he hosted a weekly radio show on the Russian station Silver Rain. Since
2010, he has co-hosted the weekly radio show “Direct Contact” «"Прямой контакт»" with Russian journalist Vladimir
Solovyov on Vesti-FM. He also appears as a frequent guest on BBC and on the
Russian political talk-show “The Duel” «"Поединок»". 
Books and other publications.
Early works.
Zlobin co-authored the first
non-communist high school history textbook used in Russia and other post-Soviet republics. After moving to the
United States, he wrote the first study by a foreigner of U.S. President Harry S.
Truman.
"America—What a Life!".
After writing a number of bestselling works on Russian
and international politics, Zlobin developed a wide commercial following with the publication of his two volumes chronicling everyday life in the
United States: "America—What a Life! "(2012) and "America: Bane of Heaven"" "(2013)". "Written during a period when the United States were
being cast in a negative light by Russian state media, the books sought to
acquaint ordinary Russians with the America beneath its “ideological blanket” by
meticulously documenting the customs and daily features of life in the country, from
American eating habits to the phenomenon of the teenage babysitter.
The first book was an immediate bestseller in Russia and
was praised by "The New York Times’ "then-Moscow
Bureau Chief Ellen
Barry, who described the author as “suggesting, in his soft way, that
Russian leaders would benefit from understanding what Americans are like.” In an atypical show of interest toward a foreign-language work, "The New York Times" also translated and published
select excerpts from the book on its website. The book and its sequel have yet to be translated into English.
Selected books.
Solovyov). Moscow: Eksmo, 2009.
Co-authored books.
Solovyov. Moscow: Eksmo, 2014. 
SolovyovMoscow: Eksmo, 2010. 
Political stance.
"Polar-less" world theory.
In the early 2000s Zlobin
proposed the theory of a so-called “polar-less” world, later outlined in "The Second New World Order "(2009), according to which the
modern system of global politics is neither centered on two superpowers as it was during the Cold War, nor around
multiple centers of power (a concept known as multipolarity). Instead, the "polar-less" world would have no dominant
centers of power as states grew increasingly dependent on each other to address global challenges. The theory subsequently caught the attention of Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, at the time Russia's ambassador to the United Nations, who called it a compelling new argument in international relations.
Disintegration of state sovereignty.
Following the 2011 Libyan war, during which the UN Security Council approved a Western military intervention in Libya, Zlobin observed that the traditional concept of state sovereignty that emerged from the 1648 Peace of Westphalia was gradually becoming obsolete. Citing the growing number of military and humanitarian interventions carried out in foreign countries, Zlobin posited the end of Westphalian sovereignty, characterized by the principle of non-intervention, that had until then governed the international system. He has also promoted the creation of new principles of global
security, replacing those with a regional approach with a new system of
international institutions.
Zlobin has stated
on numerous occasions that the process of the Soviet Union's collapse has not yet reached
its conclusion and will continue to take place as new international borders are
formed within the post-Soviet
states. He has also said there is a danger that Russia may break apart into
several states, and supports the elimination of internal national borders
within the Russian Federation.
2008 Russian-Georgian War.
Following the 2008 Russian-Georgian war, Zlobin was one of the few American political experts
to openly support the independence of Abkhazia. Rejecting the notion that Abkhazia was a Russian
puppet state, Zlobin argued that Abkhazian independence instead coincided with Russian
interests by hindering Georgia’s accession to NATO.
Corruption in Russia.
Zlobin is a harsh critic of Russian policy despite being known to frequently interact with
many of the country’s high-ranking officials. He has written widely about corruption
within the country's political and business elite and has said that the absence of an effective judicial system is the main threat to Russian stability. In 2011, he described the Russian system as being run by “secretive and
highly influential clans, without the consent of which no important economic or
political decision in the country can be made or implemented.” Zlobin concluded that the return of clan politics to Russia was corrupting both
the domestic system and the global institutions in which Russia took part.
Meetings with Putin.
Zlobin has personally
met with Russia’s leaders on numerous occasions, often within the framework of
the Valdai
Discussion Club. For example, in 2005, he was given a signed memo by Vladimir Putin stating that the latter wouldn’t run
for president in 2008 and would not change the constitution in order to allow
himself to run for a consecutive third term. In 2008, Zlobin asked Putin how
long the latter was planning to remain prime minister; Putin replied that he
would remain in that post as long as “God wills." 
In 2009, in response to
Zlobin’s question about whether he would compete with Dmitry Medvedev in the
2012 presidential elections, Putin announced that he and Medvedev would not run
against each other but would rather “sit down and talk it over.” Medvedev confirmed these words shortly thereafter.
In the fall of 2011, Putin was asked by Zlobin why his political system was unsuccessful at
generating young political leaders. Putin declared that the leaders were there,
although he couldn’t name anyone but Dmitry Medvedev as an example. During a
Q&A with then-presidential candidate Vladimir Putin in February 2012,
Zlobin raised the question of why Russia had no political allies in the world.
Putin gave a vague reply that the fact that the 2014 Winter Olympics were voted to
take place in Russia proved that Russia had “many allies."
Dmitry Medvedev's presidency.
In 2012, Zlobin
was one of the few experts to reach a positive assessment of Dmitry Medvedev's term
as president (2008-2012), and was criticized by his colleagues around the world for this as a result. While pointing out Medvedev’s failure to implement an ambitious domestic agenda, Zlobin argued that Medvedev pursued a more effective
foreign policy than his predecessor by making Russia “an active participant in
the creation of a new world order, instead of defending the old one,” as Putin
had done. 
WikiLeaks.
Zlobin was
mentioned multiple times in a 2008 document published by WikiLeaks, in which he was described as a U.S.-based political
expert with connections to Russia's ruling United Russia party. According to the document, Zlobin had come to the conclusion that the
Putin-Medvedev tandem "works."
Personal life.
Zlobin was a track and field athlete during his
undergraduate years at Moscow State University. He passed the standard for
Master of Sport of the USSR in the 100-meter race, the equivalent of a Nationally Ranked Player.
He is married to Lia
Zlobina and they have one daughter, Dina. He has been previously married and
divorced several times.
Zlobin is an avid art and
antique collector, calling the hobby “a form of intellectual challenge.” He has
said that after retiring from public life, he would like to open his own antique
salon.

</doc>
<doc id="21438574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438574" title="Exco International">
Exco International

Exco International was a leading British money brokering company. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but was acquired by British & Commonwealth Holdings in 1986.
History.
The Company was established as a money brokering business in 1965 under the name of "Astley & Pearce". It subsequently merged with "Godsell & Co", another money brokering business.
In 1978 it was the subject of a management buyout from "Gerrard & National" who previously owned it. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1981.
The Company was acquired by British & Commonwealth Holdings in 1986.
When British & Commonwealth Holdings collapsed the business was sold off as "Exco plc". In 1998 it acquired Intercapital plc in a reverse takeover. It has now been integrated into the ICAP Group.

</doc>
<doc id="21438575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438575" title="Bass (voice type)">
Bass (voice type)

A bass is a type of classical male singing voice and has the lowest vocal range of all voice types. According to "The New Grove Dictionary of Opera", a bass is typically classified as having a vocal range extending from around the second E below middle C to the E above middle C (i.e., E2–E4). Its tessitura, or comfortable range, is normally defined by the outermost lines of the bass clef.
Variations in bass range.
The low extreme for basses is generally C2 (two Cs below middle C). However, several extreme bass singers, referred to as basso profondos and oktavists, are able to reach much lower than this.
Within opera, the lowest note in the standard bass repertoire is D2, sung by the character Osmin in Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", but few roles fall below F2. Although Osmin's note is the lowest 'demanded' in the operatic repertoire, lower notes are heard, both written and unwritten: for example, it is traditional for basses to interpolate a low C in the duet "Ich gehe doch rathe ich dir" in the same opera; in Richard Strauss' "Der Rosenkavalier", Baron Ochs has an optional C2. The high extreme: a few bass roles in the standard repertoire call for a high F or G (F4 and G4, the one above middle C), but few roles go over F4. In the operatic bass repertoire, the highest notes are a G4 (The Barber in "The Nose" by Shostakovich) and, in the aria "Fra l'ombre e gl'orrori" in Handel's cantata "Aci, Galatea e Polifemo", Polifemo reaches an A4.
Cultural influence and individual variation create a wide variation in range and quality of bass singers. Parts for basses have included notes as low as the B-flat two octaves and a tone below middle C (B1), for example in Gustav Mahler's Symphony No. 2 and the Rachmaninov Vespers, A below that in Frederik Magle's symphonic suite "Cantabile", G below that (e.g. Measure 76 of "Ne otverzhi mene" by Pavel Chesnokov) or F below those in "Kheruvimskaya pesn (Song of Cherubim)" by Krzysztof Penderecki. Many basso profondos have trouble reaching those notes, and the use of them in works by Slavic composers has led to the colloquial term "Russian bass" for an exceptionally deep-ranged basso profondo who can easily sing these notes. Some traditional Russian religious music calls for A2 (110 Hz) drone singing, which is doubled by A1 (55 Hz) in the rare occasion that a choir includes exceptionally gifted singers who can produce this very low human voice pitch.
Many British composers such as Benjamin Britten have written parts for bass (such as the first movement of his choral work "Rejoice in the Lamb") that center far higher than the bass tessitura as implied by the clef. The "Harvard Dictionary of Music" defines the range as being from the E below low C to middle C (i.e. E2–C4).
In choral music, voices are subdivided into first bass and second bass, no distinction being made between bass and baritone voices, in contrast to the three-fold (tenor–baritone–bass) categorization of solo voices. The exception is in arrangements for male choir (TTBB) and barbershop quartets (TLBB), which sometimes label the lowest two parts baritone and bass.
Bass roles in opera.
In classical music, and particularly in opera, the following distinctions are often made among different kinds of bass voices:
Basso cantante/lyric high bass/lyric bass-baritone.
"Basso cantante" means "singing bass". "Basso cantante" is a higher, more lyrical voice. It is produced using a more Italianate vocal production, and possesses a faster vibrato, than its closest Germanic/Anglo-Saxon equivalent, the bass-baritone.
Hoher Bass/dramatic high bass/dramatic bass-baritone.
"" or "high bass" or often a dramatic bass-baritone.
Jugendlicher Bass.
"" (Juvenile Bass) denotes the role of a young man sung by a bass, regardless of the age of the singer.
Basso buffo/bel canto/lyric buffo.
"Buffo", literally "funny", basses are lyrical roles that demand from their practitioners a solid coloratura technique, a capacity for patter singing and ripe tonal qualities if they are to be brought off to maximum effect. They are usually the blustering antagonist of the hero/heroine or the comic-relief fool in bel canto operas.
/dramatic buffo.
English equivalent: dramatic bass
Lyric basso profondo.
"Basso profondo" (lyric low bass) is the lowest bass voice type. According to J. B. Steane in "Voices, Singers & Critics", the basso profondo voice "derives from a method of tone-production that eliminates the more Italian quick vibrato. In its place is a kind of tonal solidity, a wall-like front, which may nevertheless prove susceptible to the other kind of vibrato, the slow beat or dreaded wobble."
Dramatic basso profondo.
English equivalent: dramatic low bass. Dramatic basso profondo is a powerful basso profondo voice.

</doc>
<doc id="21438588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438588" title="Karl-Heinz Keitel">
Karl-Heinz Keitel

Karl-Heinz Keitel (born 2 January 1914, date of death unknown) was a "Sturmbannführer" (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II.
Military service.
Karl-Heinz Keitel was born on 2 January 1914, in Wolfenbüttel, the eldest son of Wilhelm Keitel who would rise to become Chief of the OKW, the German Military High Command, during World War II.
Karl-Heinz joined the Heer in 1934 and served in various cavalry units following the outbreak of war in 1939. In June 1943 he was assigned to the Kavallerie-Schule in Potsdam-Krampnitz, and served as a battalion commander, and later the regimental commander of the Kavallerie-Regiment Nord. On 5 August 1944, he transferred into the Waffen-SS and served with the 22. SS-Freiwilligen-Kavallerie-Division “Maria Theresia”. On 20 October of that year, he was promoted to command SS-Freiwilligen-Kavallerie-Regiment 17 / 22.SS-Freiwilligen-Kavallerie-Division "Maria Theresia" in the area of Hungary. In November 1944, combined with the "Florian Geyer" division, the "Maria Theresia" was assigned to the garrison of Budapest. On 12 December he was wounded in action while defending against Red Army probing attacks into Budapest for which he was awarded the Wound Badge in Black.
In March he transferred to the 37. SS-Freiwilligen-Kavallerie-Division “Lützow” as its commander, and led the 2000 strong remnants of the division in heavy fighting around Wiener-Neustadt as part of 6. SS-Panzer Armee. He was reportedly promoted Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the closing months of the war, but this has never been confirmed and is not recorded in his service records; a quite common occurrence in the final days of the Third Reich.
Personal life.
On 20 October 1938, he married Dorothee von Blomberg, daughter of Werner von Blomberg. Together they had one son (Hans-Christof, born 23 July 1939) and three daughters (Sybilla, born 17 December 1940; Jutta, born 14 May 1942; and Stephanie, born 26 December 1943). At the time of the marriage, his father Wilhelm Keitel made no attempt to hide the fact that through the engagement of his son to Blomberg's daughter, he was working towards an entente with his superior, Field-Marshal von Blomberg himself.

</doc>
<doc id="21438600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438600" title="Whitebait">
Whitebait

Whitebait is a collective term for the immature fry of fish, typically between 25 and 50 millimetres long. Such young fish often travel together in schools along the coast, and move into estuaries and sometimes up rivers where they can be easily caught with fine meshed fishing nets. Whitebaiting is the activity of catching whitebait.
Whitebait are tender and edible, and can be regarded as a delicacy. The entire fish is eaten including head, fins, bones, and guts. Some species make better eating than others, and the particular species that are marketed as "whitebait" varies in different parts of the world.
As whitebait consists of immature fry of many important food species (such as herring, sprat, sardines, mackerel, bass and many others) it is not an ecologicially viable foodstuff and in several countries strict controls on harvesting exist.
Alboran Sea.
The Alboran Sea is the westernmost element of the Mediterranean Sea. Whitebait have been consumed as a favoured element of the diet of peoples living along the northern coasts of the Alboran Sea in Spain, even though sale of these products has been banned.
Australia.
In Australia whitebait refers to the juvenile stage of several predominantly galaxias species during their return to freshwater from the marine phase of their lifecycle. Comments for New Zealand are generally applicable.
Species referred to as whitebait in Australia include Common galaxias "G. maculatus", Climbing galaxias "G. brevipinnis", Spotted galaxias "G. truttaceus", Tasmanian whitebait "Lovettia sealii", Tasmanian mudfish "Neochanna cleaveri", and Tasmanian smelt "Retropinna tasmanica".
Whitebait were once subject to a substantial commercial fishery but today only recreational fishers are permitted to gather them, under strict conditions and for a limited season.
China.
Chinese whitebait is raised in fish farms and plentiful quantities are produced for export. The Chinese whitebait is larger than the New Zealand whitebait and not nearly so delicate. The frozen product is commonly available in food stores and supermarkets at reasonable prices. The Chinese name for these is often translated as "silver fish" in English.
Italy.
Gianchetti (also bianchetti) are the whitebait of the "pesce azzurro" of the Mediterranean (sardines and anchovies, etc.), caught with special nets named from the Ligurian "sciabegottu" (similar to the net to "sciabica", but with smaller dimensions) in the early months of the year.
A speciality of the Liguria cuisine, gianchetti are generally lightly boiled in salted water and served hot, dressed with oil and lemon juice. Another classic approach is to make fritters of the fish together with an egg and flour batter; finally they may simply be dipped in flour and deep fried ("Frittelle di Gianchetti/Bianchetti"). The gianchetti of a red colour ("ruscetti", "rossetti") are tougher and scaly to the palate: they are largely used to flavour fish-based sauces.
In Sicilian cuisine whitebait are known as "ceruses" (literally translated as "baby"). Whitebait are the principal ingredient of the Sicilian specialty croquette "polpette di neonata"; which are a type of rolled meatball of whitebait with parsley, and egg and/or a bit of flour to amalgamate, fried in olive oil or sometimes deep-fried in peanut oil.
In Neapolitan cuisine whitebait are known as "cicenielli".
In Brindisian cuisine whitebait are known as "chuma" (literally foam of sea).
Japan.
Whitebait is commonly eaten in Japan and known as Shirasu.
New Zealand.
New Zealand whitebait are the juvenile of certain galaxiids which mature and live as adults in rivers with native forest surrounds. The eggs of these galaxiids are swept down to the ocean where they hatch and the young fry then move back up their home rivers as whitebait. They are much smaller than Chinese or British whitebait.
The most common whitebait species in New Zealand is the common galaxias or inanga, which lays its eggs during spring tides in Autumn on the banks of a river amongst grasses that are flooded by the tide. The next spring tide causes the eggs to hatch into larvae which are then flushed down to the sea with the outgoing tide where they form part of the ocean's plankton mass. After six months the developed juveniles return to rivers and move upstream to live in fresh water. The other galaxiid species identified with whitebait in New Zealand are the climbing galaxias or koaro, and the species group called kokopu.
New Zealand whitebait are caught in the lower reaches of the rivers using small open-mouthed hand-held nets although in some parts of the country where whitebait are more plentiful, larger (but not very large) set nets may be used adjacent to river banks. Whitebaiters constantly attend the nets in order to lift them as soon as a shoal enters the net. Otherwise the whitebait quickly swim back out of the net. Typically, the small nets have a long pole attached so that the whitebaiter can stand on the river bank and scoop the net forward and out of the water when whitebait are seen to enter it. The larger nets may be set into a platform extending into the river from the bank and various forms of apparatus used to lift the net.
Whitebaiting in New Zealand is a seasonal activity with a fixed and limited period enforced during the period that the whitebait normally migrate up-river. The strict control over net sizes and rules against blocking the river to channel the fish into the net permit sufficient quantity of whitebait to reach the adult habitat and maintain stock levels. The whitebait themselves are very sensitive to objects in the river and are adept at dodging the nets. 
Whitebait is very much a delicacy and commands high prices to the extent that it is the most costly fish on the market, if available. During average to good seasons, prices vary between $50 and $70 per kilogram. Proceeds from the sale of whitebait are also taxed, with the rate being 25% in the 2012-13 tax year. It is normally sold fresh in small quantities, although some is frozen to extend the sale period. Nevertheless, whitebait can normally only be purchased during or close to the netting season. The most popular way of cooking whitebait in New Zealand is the whitebait fritter, which is essentially an omelette containing whitebait. Purists use only the egg white in order to minimise interfering with the taste of the bait. 
The combination of the fishing controls, a limited season and the depletion of habitat as a result of forest felling during the era of colonisation results in limited quantities being available on the market. Also, a lack of shade over waterways has been shown to kill the whitebait eggs.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom today, whitebait principally refers to the fry of Clupeidae fish, young sprats, most commonly herring. They are normally deep-fried, coated in flour or a light batter, and served very hot with sprinkled lemon juice and bread and butter. Whitebait are very hard to buy fresh unless you are down at a fishing harbour early in the morning as most are frozen on the boat. 
Records of whitebait as a food in England date back to 1612. By the 1780s it was fashionable to dine on whitebait. In those days, whitebait was thought to be a species or group on its own right, and the French zoologist Valenciennes proposed that whitebait was a new genus, which he called Rogenia. In 1903, Dr James Murie, in his 'Report on the sea fisheries and fishing industry of the Thames estuary' conducted studies on the contents of boxes sold as whitebait, the report discovered that some boxes of whitebait contained up to 23 species of immature fish, including the fry of eel, plaice, whiting, herring sprat and bass, along with shrimp, crab, octopus and even jellyfish.
For Londoners in the 19th century and before, summer excursions down the Thames to Greenwich or Blackwall to dine on whitebait were popular. For instance, the Cabinet undertook such a trip every year shortly before the prorogation of Parliament. An annual whitebait festival takes place in Southend
Given that UK and imported whitebait still consists of immature herring, sprat, sardines, mackerel, bass and many others, it is not an ecologicially viable foodstuff. Removing these fish at such a juvenile stage, before they have had a chance to grow and reproduce, might severely reduce future fish stocks. The Marine Conservation Society (MCS) is the only non-government organisation to provide independent information on the sustainability of fish stocks and species around the world, and to have a rating system for fish sustainability, in order to safeguard future stocks. The MCS suggests avoiding eating and purchasing the juvenile whitebait as it is detrimental to sustainable fish populations.
United States.
Residents of Arecibo, Puerto Rico traditionally fish for whitebait at the mouth of the Río Grande de Arecibo. The fish are known locally as cetí and classified as Pellona bleekeriana.
Elvers.
Elvers are young eels. Traditionally, fishermen consumed elvers as a cheap dish, but environmental changes have reduced eel populations. Similar to whitebait, they are now considered a delicacy and are priced at up to 1000 euro per kilogram.

</doc>
<doc id="21438614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438614" title="George Hardie (Labour politician)">
George Hardie (Labour politician)

George Downie Blyth Crookston Hardie (8 September 1873 – 26 July 1937) was a Scottish Labour politician, and the younger brother of the party's founder Keir Hardie.
After leaving school, he became an engineer and an activist in the Independent Labour Party.
He first stood for election to the House of Commons at the 1918 general election, when he unsuccessfully contested the Glasgow Springburn constituency for the Labour Party. He won the Springburn seat with a large majority at the 1922 general election, helped by the absence of a Liberal Party candidate. He was re-elected at the next three general elections, but when Labour's vote collapsed at the 1931 general election, Hardie was one of those who lost his seat — by a majority of only 34 votes, the left-wing vote having been divided by the presence of a Communist Party candidate.
Hardie was re-elected with a large majority at the 1935 general election, and died in office two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="21438616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438616" title="Alan Kennedy (psychologist)">
Alan Kennedy (psychologist)

Robert Alan Kennedy is emeritus professor of Psychology at the University of Dundee, and research associate at the Laboratoire de Psychologie et Neurosciences Cognitives of Paris Descartes University, Boulogne-Billancourt, France. He carries out research into eye movement control in reading and the viewing of static and moving images and is the author of over 100 journal articles.
Education.
Educated at King Edward VI Grammar School, Stourbridge, Kennedy was one of three brothers at the school, all of whom had academic careers. His older brother Stuart Charles Kennedy (1936 - 1999), was a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and his younger brother Ian McColl Kennedy, is a fellow of the British Academy. 
Kennedy obtained an undergraduate degree in English Literature and Psychology at the University of Birmingham and won a research scholarship to complete a PhD in Psychology at the Institute of Education, University of Birmingham.
Career.
From 1963 to 1965, Kennedy was Senior Tutor and then Lecturer in Psychology at the University of Melbourne and then from 1965-1968, Lecturer then Senior Lecturer in Psychology at St. Andrews University.
From 1968-1972, he was Senior Lecturer at the University of Dundee. From 1972 to 2006 he held the established chair in Psychology at the University of Dundee and was Head of the Department.
He is a Fellow of The Royal Society of Edinburgh, an Honorary Member of the Experimental Psychology Society, and a Fellow of the British Psychological Society.
Family.
He has married twice, first to Edwardene Mildred Price, leading to a divorce in 1976; and then to Elizabeth Wanda Sokolowska. He has one child by his first wife, the writer and journalist A L Kennedy.
Research contribution.
Early work on the psychological reality of linguistic rules.
Kennedy’s early research (much of it in collaboration with A. L. Wilkes) was concerned with the “psychological reality” of linguistic competence, a preoccupation of cognitive psychologists in the 1970s. This work made use of simple laboratory tasks involving pressing buttons to indicate whether sentence fragments were grammatical or not, or to signal the presence of a particular word in a sentence.
Eye movement control and reading
In 1972, Kennedy spent six months in Paris, coming into contact with members of “Groupe Regard”, an informal network of researchers working on psychological issues relating to eye movement control and led by Arianne Levy-Schoen. On his return to Dundee, Kennedy set up an eye movement laboratory aiming to replace indirect measurement of reaction time with more direct measurements of eye movements as participants read text. Initially, the principal UK funding agency (the Social Science Research Council) saw no future in work on eye movement control and refused to fund it. The validity of the approach was eventually accepted following a series of highly influential publications from laboratories in the USA (in particular, work by Keith Rayner and colleagues. In 1979 Kennedy secured funding and a series of papers in collaboration with Wayne S. Murray confirmed that both the duration and location of eye fixations were controlled by linguistic properties of the text being read.
Kennedy, A. and Murray, W.S. (1984). Inspection-times for words in syntactically ambiguous sentences under three presentation conditions. "Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance", 10, 833-849.
Holmes, V.M., Kennedy, A., and Murray, W.S. (1987). Syntactic ambiguity and the garden path. "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology", 39A, 277-294.
Murray, W.S. and Kennedy, A. (1988). Spatial Coding and the processing of anaphor by good and poor readers: Evidence from eye movement analyses. "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology", 40A, 693-718.
Kennedy, A., Murray, W.S., Jennings, F. and Reid, C. (1989). Parsing complements: Comments on the generality of the principle of minimal attachment. "Language and Cognitive Processes: Special Issue on Parsing and Interpretation". 4, 51-72.
Spatial coding
The psychological community rapidly established a consensus view that when a reader made an incorrect syntactic attachment (or was induced to do so by some experimental manipulation), this led to the deployment of corrective eye movements, involving looking back at the point in the text where the defective attachment had been made. In 1981, at a Sloan Conference in Amherst, Kennedy pointed out that although this equivalence between re-inspection and syntactic correction seems plausible, it also involves a paradox. This can be illustrated by considering a sentence such as:
"While Mary was mending the old grandfather clock struck twelve"
The words "old grandfather clock" may initially be attached as the direct object of the verb "mending". The missing comma encourages this error. The fact that the attachment is incorrect becomes apparent when the word "struck" is encountered. The reader needs to re-analyse the sentence and there is ample experimental evidence that this process of re-analysis may be associated with re-inspecting eye movements (sometimes called “regressions”). For example, an eye movement may be made from the word "struck" back to the word "mending". 
Consideration of how eye movements in reading are controlled exposes a problem with this account. Visual acuity is restricted, so the question of how the eyes can be selectively and accurately directed to particular words arises. When the target is so visually degraded as to be virtually invisible, how is this achieved? Furthermore, if the target of such reinspections is the point where a faulty attachment was made, does this not imply that the reader was, in some sense, already aware of the potential problem?
Kennedy suggested a possible solution to this paradox: the proposal that readers retain information on the spatial disposition of elements of text. This Spatial Coding Theory has proved controversial with researchers claiming either that no spatial information is maintained or that only very primitive non-specific information is retained. 
Kennedy, A. (1983). On looking into space. In K. Rayner (Ed.) "Eye movements in Reading: Perceptual and Language Processes". New York: Academic Press.
Kennedy, A. (1982). Eye movements and spatial coding in reading. "Psychological Research", 44, 313-322.
Kennedy, A. (1986). The case for place: Text arrangement and reading skill - Invited Tutorial Review. Current Psychological Research and Reviews. 5, 94-104.
Kennedy, A. and Murray, W.S. (1987). Spatial Coding and reading: some comments on Monk (1985). "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology", 39A, 649-718.
Murray, W.S. and Kennedy, A. (1988). Spatial Coding and the processing of anaphor by good and poor readers: Evidence from eye movement analyses. "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology", 40A, 693-718.
Parafoveal-on-Foveal Effects
In 1995 in a poster presentation at the AmLap Conference in Edinburgh, Kennedy presented evidence that the duration of an eye fixation on a given word could be directly affected by properties (in this case, its frequency of occurrence in the language) of an adjacent word that had not yet been inspected. Up until that time it had been widely accepted that un-fixated words could be pre-processed (the so-called “preview effect”), but any advantage gained from this preview only became evident when the reader actually fixated the next word. The issue was important because of the developing consensus at that time that reading was best characterised as a serial activity in which only one word at a time was attended and all the processing needed to identify that word was completed before the eyes moved on. A preview effect is not inconsistent with this position because the reader’s eyes lag behind the reader’s attention. Attention shifts to the next word while the relevant eye movement is being prepared. 
In contrast, evidence that properties of an un-fixated word feed back and directly affect processing time on a currently-fixated word would be seriously damaging to the serial position. Kennedy published the first study demonstrating such “parafoveal-on-foveal” effects in 1998. This was followed by a number of further laboratory studies (most in collaboration with Joël Pynte in Aix-en-Provence) revealing a large number of sources of mutual cross-talk involving adjacent words in text. Factors identified included frequency-of-occurrence, familiarity, the constraint of the initial letters (i.e. how many other words in the language share the same initial letters), and the plausibility of the target sentence-frame. 
The initial response from proponents of the strictly serial view of reading to these data was to acknowledge that some mutual interactions between adjacent words might occur, but to claim that the effects were small and fugitive - restricted to the unusual presentation conditions typically found in small-scale experiments (e.g. short sentences on a single line across a computer display). It was claimed that parafoveal-on-foveal interactions were not found in normal reading, and the bulk of evidence at that time supported this contention. 
This changed, however, with the publication of an analysis of the Dundee Corpus by Kennedy and Pynte published in 2005. This involved French and English readers working through extended passages of text taken from newspaper articles. Shortly afterwards, Kliegl and colleagues in the University of Potsdam published an even larger analysis of a huge corpus of eye movement data collected during the reading of lengthy passages of text in German. Both the Dundee and Potsdam analyses revealed clear evidence of parafoveal-on-foveal effects. An obvious conclusion is that, rather than characterise the reader’s attention as a “switch” operating in a strictly serial fashion, it seems more plausible that a degree of parallel processing takes place, involving the simultaneous processing of more than one word.
Up to the present, this controversy has not been settled. Although the effects obtained are clearly not an artifact of small-scale laboratory procedures, it must be accepted they are small; it is still possible that artifacts may be involved. One such draws on the fact that eye movement control in normal reading is not particularly precise: sometimes fixations intended for the next word may miss their target. A sufficiently large number of systematic mislocations of this kind might mimic measured parafoveal-on-foveal effects, reducing them to the status of a systematic measurement error. Unfortunately, details of a mechanism that would produce this outcome in practice are lacking. It has also not gone un-noticed that the argument involves a considerable shift of ground, with cross-talk now being seen as characteristic of normal, rather than laboratory, reading. Furthermore, recent evidence that cross-talk varies as a function of the class and syntactic function of the words involved makes an explanation in terms of mislocation implausible. 
A critical question in the debate between proponents of serial and parallel views of reading is how the reader arrives relatively effortlessly at a single coherent understanding of the meaning of text. From the serial perspective reading is a sort of “surrogate listening”, in which an orderly pattern of inspection delivers the message in the correct order: the problem is the pattern of inspection is usually anything but orderly. From the parallel perspective the meaning of several words becomes available simultaneously: the problem is how are these competing signals resolved into a single correct meaning? 
Kennedy, A. (1995).The influence of parafoveal words on foveal inspection time. AMLaP-95 Conference, Edinburgh, 1995.
Kennedy, A. (1998). The influence of parafoveal words on foveal inspection time: evidence for a processing trade-off. In G. Underwood (Ed.). "Eye guidance in reading and scene perception" (pp 149 – 223). Oxford: Elsevier.
Kennedy, A. (2000). Parafoveal processing in word recognition. "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology", 53A, 429-456. 
Kennedy, A., Pynte, J., & Ducrot, S. (2002). Parafoveal-on-foveal interactions in word recognition. "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology", 55A, 1307-1337.
Kennedy, A. (2003b). The Dundee Corpus [CD-ROM]. Psychology Department, The University of Dundee. 
Kennedy, A., & Pynte, J. (2005). Parafoveal-on-foveal effects in normal reading. "Vision Research", 45, 153-168. 
Kennedy, A. (2008). Parafoveal-on-foveal effects are not an artifact of mislocated saccades. "Journal of Eye Movement Research", 2(1):2, 1-10.
Kliegl, R., Nuthmann, A. & Engbert, R. (2006). Tracking the mind during reading: the influence of past, present and future words on fixation durations. "Journal of Experimental Psychology: General",135, 12-35.
Reichle, E. D., Pollatsek, A., Fisher, D. L., & Rayner, K. (1998). Toward a model of eye movement control in reading. "Psychological Review", 105, 125-157.
Reichle, E. D., Rayner, K., & Pollatsek, A. (2003). The E-Z Reader model of eye movement control in reading: Comparisons to other models. "Behavioral and Brain Sciences", 26, 445-526.
Richter, E. M., Engbert, R., & Kliegl, R. (2006). Current advances in SWIFT. "Cognitive Systems Research", 7, 23-33.
Serial Order in reading
Together with colleagues (in particular Joël Pynte in Paris) Kennedy has recently addressed the problem of serial order in reading head on. Proponents of the view that reading is a kind of “surrogate listening” assume that the reader deals with each word in a strict serial order. You either process a word while looking directly at it, or, in certain cases, manage to attend to the next word without ever looking at it directly (in which case the word concerned may be skipped). In both circumstances words are processed, either overtly or covertly, in their correct serial order. Furthermore, this is a necessary order: the phrases “run home” and “home run” mean quite different things and the only way the two meanings can be disambiguated is to ensure they are looked at in the right order. 
Notwithstanding the superficial appeal of this position, Kennedy points out that the claim conflicts with the way people actually look at printed text. Real patterns of inspection are relatively chaotic. For example, words are often looked at several times (particularly so for the beginner); the eyes sometimes jump back several words and re-examine segments of text already processed; the reader may return to words that had been skipped; and so on. In fact it has been known for more than twenty years that a strictly serial pattern of word-to-word inspection makes up only a minority of cases, accounting for about twenty percent of all eye fixations. This is obviously an uncomfortable notion for proponents of the metaphor of the reader as listener, but it also poses some severe challenges for all theories of reading. If readers look at words in a haphazard way and process several at the same time, how do they manage to arrive at a single coherent understanding of what they are reading? Why is this chaotic pattern of inspection not reflected in a chaotic jumble of meanings? As some have argued, encoding multiple words simultaneously in reading seems implausible. 
Part of the answer may found by noting that printed text is not at all like the auditory stimulus we process when listening. For one thing, it is stable and relatively permanent: unlike speech, it remains out there, available to be re-examined at will. Text is not distributed in time; it is distributed in space, like a picture. When we look at a picture the claim that we encode multiple meanings simultaneously does not seem at all implausible because the visual system is designed to process objects in parallel. To take a concrete example, when we look at a tree, the temporal order of the fixations that fall on it is of no concern at all. It will be seen as a tree whatever the pattern of inspection. In fact there is little or no evidence for what might be termed a canonical scanpath, or “right way of looking”, for a given object. Obviously, particular words convey particular meanings, but the fact that the medium (printed text) is spatially extended means that these meanings can be allocated to specific locations in space. The problem of multiple simultaneous representations disappears once it is accepted that their “simultaneity” is spatial, rather than temporal. 
The work of Kennedy and Pynte on non-canonical order in reading has proved controversial and has provoked a vigorous response from proponents of the serial view of reading. 
Kennedy, A. and Pynte, J. (2008) The consequences of violations to reading order: An eye movement analysis. "Vision Research", 45, 153-168.
Rayner, K., Pollatsek, A., Liversedge, S.P., & Reichle, E.D. Eye movements and non-canonical reading: Comments on Kennedy and Pynte (2008). "Vision Research", 49, 2232-2236.
Kennedy, A and Pynte, J. (2009). Non-canonical reading: Reply to Rayner, Pollatsek, Liversedge and Reichle (2008). "Vision Research", 49, 2237-2239.
Reichle, E.D., Liversedge, S.P., Pollatsek, A., & Rayner, K. Encoding multiple words simultaneously in reading is implausible. "Trends in Cognitive Sciences", 13, 115-119.

</doc>
<doc id="21438622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438622" title="Political positions of Harry Reid">
Political positions of Harry Reid

United States Senator Harry Reid has declared his position on many political issues through his public comments and his senatorial voting record.
Abortion and the Supreme Court.
Abortion issues.
Senator Reid, reflecting a pro-life view, believes that "Roe vs. Wade" should be overturned. He stated in a 1998 National Political Awareness Test that he believed "Abortions should be legal only when the pregnancy resulted from incest, rape, or when the life of the woman is endangered." In 1999, he voted against an amendment that explicitly expressed support for "Roe v. Wade". He received a 100% rating from NARAL in 2001, and a 27% rating in 2003, as well as a 57% rating by Planned Parenthood in 2006 and an 85% rating in 2013. Reid however has voted against the Nelson-Hatch-Casey amendment in the Senate which proposed to ban federal funding of plans that cover abortion.
Reid has voted several times to ban what is known as the "intact dilation and evacuation" or "partial-birth abortion" procedure, a measure supported by Republicans and several Democrats. In 2003, he supported alternate language than the act that eventually passed that would have banned all late-term abortions, while allowing exceptions for the life and health of the mother. Several polls have stated that a majority of Americans support banning "partial birth abortion" when the pollsters describe it as such. Reid also voted in favor of the Unborn Victims of Violence Act, in favor of parental notification in the case of minors undergoing out-of-state abortions, and in favor of maintaining the ban on abortions and supplying birth control for US military personnel.
Pregnancy prevention and clinic safety.
In 1994, Reid voted for the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act prohibiting the use of intimidation or physical force to prevent or discourage people from gaining access to a reproductive health care facility. He was the co-sponsor of an amendment to the bill which allows anyone to exercise freedom to worship at a health care facility. It allows reproductive health care professionals to gain access to a clinic without being physically threatened and, at the same time, allows religious organizations to pray outside of abortion clinics.
Reid introduced legislation in 2006 co-sponsored by Hillary Clinton that would fund abortion prevention efforts such as giving women broader access to contraception. In a press release about their "Prevention First Amendment," Clinton and Reid stated that for every dollar spent on pregnancy prevention, three are saved by pregnancy and birth-related expenses borne by Medicaid. The bill received Republican opposition and failed.
Reid voted in favor of an amendment that would over-turn the Mexico City Policy. The policy bans U.S. aid to overseas health organizations that give men and women birth control, provide information about abortion procedures, or that perform abortion procedures as part of a "family planning policy". Opponents of the policy argue that the ban keeps funds from going to non-governmental organizations distributing condoms and USAID-donated birth control and has resulted in an increase in unwanted pregnancies, and thus an increase in the rate of abortion. Opponents also argue that the ban promotes restrictions on free speech as well as restrictions on accurate medical information. Supporters of the policy have argued, using the example of the Philippines, that the ban prevents overseas health organizations from using US government funds to disobey the abortion and birth control laws of their own countries. Supporters also argue that the policy prevents the health agencies from promoting abortion at the expense of other birth control methods. The amendment overturning the Mexico City Policy passed the Senate by a 53-41 vote. President Bush vowed to veto any legislation eliminating the policy.
Reid received a 100% rating from NARAL in 2001 and voted with the interests of the National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association 68% of the time from 1995 to 2004. In 2003 and 2004, he received 29% and 20% ratings, respectively, from NARAL Pro-Choice America. From 2005 to 2006, "Reid supported the interests of the National Right to Life Committee 50 percent." Planned Parenthood gave him a 57% rating in 2006.
Supreme Court nominations.
In 2005, Reid voted against Supreme Court of the United States nominee John Roberts, in part because of pressure from his constituents. About 64% of Reid's constituents in Nevada identify themselves as "pro-choice." Reid also voted against nominee Samuel Alito, but argued against the pursuit of a filibuster of Alito because the Republican majority leader at the time, Bill Frist, had threatened to institute what he and other Republicans called the "Constitutional option" and what Democrats called the "nuclear option". If implemented, the option would have eliminated the filibuster and made a simple majority – rather than a three-fifths majority – enough to move forward any federal judicial confirmations.
Bush administration and Supreme Court.
Reid made headlines in May 2005 when he said of George W. Bush, "The man's father is a wonderful human being. I think this guy is a loser." Reid later apologized for these comments. Reid also called Supreme Court Associate Justice Clarence Thomas an "embarrassment" and referred to Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan as a "political hack."
Civil rights.
Reid has said "I believe marriage should be between a man and a woman" and voted for the Defense of Marriage Act which said, "No state (or other political subdivision within the United States) needs to treat a relationship between persons of the same sex as a marriage, even if the relationship is considered a marriage in another state.". Reid voted against the Federal Marriage Amendment which "would have limited marriage in the United States to unions of one man and one woman. The FMA would also have prevented judicial extension of marriage rights to same-sex or other unmarried couples, as well as preventing polygamy." and against "prohibiting same-sex basic training." He has also voted for "prohibiting job discrimination based on sexual orientation" and for "adding sexual orientation to definition of hate crimes".
Reid supported the original Patriot Act passed shortly after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. He opposed the later versions of the act, stating on the Senate floor in December 2005 that "The final bill was written by Republican conferees working behind closed doors with Justice Department lawyers." He argued that "It leaves largely in place a definition of domestic terrorism so broad it could be read to cover acts of civil disobedience." Reid later boasted to Democratic activists that "We killed the Patriot Act." Reid clarified his statement later that day, saying that he only intended to add more safeguards to the act. Nonpartisan media analysis website FactCheck.org later stated that "obviously, he chose his words poorly" and "Reid's words are grossly misleading". Reid said on Fox News Sunday that he considered the act's defeat worth celebrating. He remarked that "I'm opposed to evil terrorists as most Americans are. But we still believe in this little thing called the Constitution."
In spring 2006, Reid joined an 89 to 10 bipartisan vote reauthorizing the act, saying "Our support for the Patriot Act does not mean a blank check for the president... What we tried to do on a bipartisan basis is have a better bill. It has been improved." Nine Democratic Senators such as Russell Feingold, Robert Byrd, Daniel Akaka, and Patrick Leahy along with Independent Jim Jeffords voted against the bill. "The Wall Street Journal's" editorial page called his vote, in context with his earlier statement, "Reid's "mission accomplished" moment".
Reid supports a constitutional amendment to prevent flag desecration. Reid has also criticized Senate Republicans for bringing up anti-desecration legislation, calling it one of "the 'pet' issues of the right wing".
Death penalty.
Reid strongly supports use of the death penalty, having voted in favor of limiting death penalties appeals and executing criminals who were minors when they committed their crime.
Energy policy.
Reid supports legislation that would cut $15 billion in tax breaks for large oil companies and put the money toward renewable energy sources. In an op-ed to the "Reno Gazette Journal", Harry Reid wrote, "I am working on a bipartisan energy bill that will create thousands of Nevada jobs, save consumers money, address global warming, and make our country safer. We can do that by reducing our reliance on oil and investing in the renewable energy sources that are abundant in our state." The advocacy group "Campaign for America's Future" gave him a 100% rating from 2005 to 2006.
ENN Mojave Energy controversy.
In 2012, Reid applied pressure on NV Energy to support a solar power plant, proposed by ENN Mojave Energy, to be located near Laughlin, Nevada. NV Energy declined, stating that it has met its renewable energy requirements. The project was initially envisioned to supply renewable energy to California, but is unable to due to a regulation in the California's Renewable Portfolio Standard. Reid's son, Rory Reid, is one of ENN Mojave Energy's attorneys.
The project is located in Laughlin, Nevada. ENN Energy said they will invest up to $10 billion in the US throughout the next decade, adding thousands of jobs to the United States and Nevada's economy. The project is highly supported by Clark County commissioners and Governor Sandoval. Governor Sandoval toured ENN headquarters in September of 2012, showing bipartisan support for the project.
Don't Ask, Don't Tell.
Reid supports the repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell which has been a hot topic in politics during President Barack Obama's Administration.
Ethics reform.
In January 2007, Harry Reid brought a Senate ethics reform bill to a vote. These rules passed overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis – 96 to 2. The bill was a reaction to Republican scandals in the U.S. House of Representatives. The ethics bill bars members from accepting gifts, meals, and trips from lobbyists and organization employing them. It also bars Senators from borrowing corporate jets for travel and compels Senators to disclose the names of sponsors, or authors, of bills and specific projects.
Fiscal cliff.
On January 1, 2013, Congress passed the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 to avert the fiscal cliff and the next day President Barack Obama signed the Act into law. (Public Law No: 112-240) The "fiscal cliff" deal was primarily enacted to avoid automatic tax hikes and spending cuts, but also included provisions extending portions of the United States farm bill for nine months through September 30, 2013. Reid has demonstrated a commitment to working on a new five-year Farm Bill by reintroducing last session's Senate Farm Bill in the new 113th Congress.
Gun politics.
Reid voted for the "Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act" – designed "to prohibit civil liability actions from being brought or continued against manufacturers, distributors, dealers, or importers of firearms or ammunition for damages... resulting from the misuse of their products" and against the ban on semi-automatic firearms. He also voted in favor of the Brady Bill and background checks at gun shows. On July 10, 2009, the Nevada National Rifle Association released a letter praising Harry Reid for fighting a reinstatement of the federal assault weapons ban as well as his support for the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, ("The purpose of the act is to prevent firearms manufacturers and dealers from being held liable for crimes committed with their products. However, both manufacturers and dealers can still be held liable for damages resulting from defective products, breach of contract, criminal misconduct, and other actions for which they are directly responsible.") his sponsorship of S. 659, his opposition to certain anti-gun amendments, and several other pro-gun rights votes. Harry Reid has an "F-" rating from Gun Owners of America.
Immigration.
Reid calls "immigration reform" one of his top priorities for the 110th Congress. He supports the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 (S. 1348), (" would have provided legal status and a path to citizenship for the approximately 12 to 20 million illegal immigrants currently residing in the United States.") but pulled it from the Senate floor because he believed too many amendments to the legislation were being introduced.
Reid supports the DREAM Act which would make it easier for young people who are not citizens of the United States, but are permanent residents, to attend college or university in the United States. The DREAM Act was introduced to the Senate by Senators Orrin Hatch (R-UT) and Richard Durbin (D-IL)
Reid opposed a Constitutional amendment to make English the national language of the United States, calling the proposal "racist."
Reid's positions on immigration have changed considerably over a relatively short period of time. Only fifteen years ago his position was in favor of sharply reducing legal immigration and of not amnestying undocumented entrants and overstays.
Iraq War.
Reid voted in January 1991 to authorize military force in Iraq to liberate Kuwait. On the Senate floor, Reid quoted from John F. Kennedy's 1963 State of the Union speech by saying "the mere absence of war is not Peace". According to "The New York Times", the "Senate approved the use of military force by a vote of 52 to 47" with ten out of the fifty-five Senate Democrats voting in support.
Reid voted in support of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. In March 2007, he voted in favor of "redeploying US troops out of Iraq by March 2008". Reid said on April 19, 2007 "I believe, myself that the secretary of state, secretary of defense, and – you have to make your own decisions as to what the president knows – this war is lost and the surge is not accomplishing anything as indicated by the extreme violence in Iraq yesterday." Reid said he told President Bush he thought the war could not be won through military force, although he said the U.S. could still pursue political, economic and diplomatic means to bring peace to Iraq. He also said, "As long as we follow the President's path in Iraq, the war is lost. But there is still a chance to change course and we must change course. No one wants us to succeed in the Middle East more than I do. But there must be a change of course. Our brave men and women overseas have passed every test with flying colors. They have earned our pride and our praise. More important, they deserve a strategy worthy of their sacrifice."
In an April 22, 2007 appearance on "FOX News Sunday," Reid's Senatorial colleague Charles Schumer stated, "The war is not lost. And Harry Reid believes this – we Democrats believe it – if we change our mission and focus it more narrowly on counter-terrorism, going after an Al Qaida camp that might arise in Iraq. That would take many fewer troops out of harm's way. That's what we're pushing the president to do."
On September 10, 2007, the Commander of the Multi-National Force in Iraq David H. Petraeus presented a "Report to Congress on the Situation in Iraq". He stated that "As a bottom line up front, the military objectives of the surge are, in large measure, being met." "The New York Times" reported on September 11 that Petraeus had "warned in stark terms against the kind of rapid pullback favored by the Democratic majorities in the House and Senate". Reid stated that the general's "plan is just more of the same" and "is neither a drawdown or a change in mission that we need." He also said that Congressional Democrats plan "change the course of the war". Petraeus will "make a further assessment and recommendations next March".
Stem cell research.
Reid supports stem cell research, referring to the research as "the next generation of medical breakthroughs." He has stated that "Democrats will not give up the fight for stem cell research. It is a fight America must win."
Technology.
Reid's voting record on technology is as follows:
Yucca Mountain.
Harry Reid firmly opposes the proposed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository in Nevada. He's quoted as saying the concept "is dead. It'll never happen." Reid, who has long been an opponent of the centralized nuclear waste facility in his home state, said he would continue to work to block completion of the project. "It's dying on its own. It's just happening. You don't need just a sudden demise. It's breathing really hard. Just let it lay there a while and it'll be dead," says Reid.

</doc>
<doc id="21438624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438624" title="Alpe di Succiso">
Alpe di Succiso

The Alpe di Succiso is a mountain in the northern Apennines, located in the trait between the Cerreto and Lagastrello Passes, with an altitude of 2,017 m. It has a pyramidal appearance, carved by several gorges. 
The rivers Secchia and Enza, right affluences of the Po River, have their source in the Alpe di Succiso. The mountain is part of the National Park of the Appennino Tosco-Emiliano.

</doc>
<doc id="21438629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438629" title="Animal rights and the Holocaust">
Animal rights and the Holocaust

Several writers, including Jewish Nobel Prize laureate Isaac Bashevis Singer, and animal rights groups have drawn a comparison between the treatment of animals and the Holocaust. The comparison is regarded as controversial, and has been criticized by organizations that campaign against antisemitism, including the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
A character in one of Singer's stories described the treatment of animals by humans as "an eternal Treblinka". Similarly, the eponymous character in J. M. Coetzee's "Elizabeth Costello" compared the Nazis' treatment of Jews to methods used by the meat industry to herd and slaughter cattle. The comparison began immediately after the end of World War II, when Jewish writers recounted the lack of resistance by European Jewish victims of the Holocaust, who were led to their death as "sheep to slaughter". The ADL argues, however, that the subsequent use of Holocaust imagery by animal rights activists is a "disturbing development".
Roberta Kalechofsky of Jews for Animal Rights argues in her essay "Animal Suffering and the Holocaust: The Problem with Comparisons" that, although there is "connective tissue" between animal suffering and the Holocaust, they "fall into different historical frameworks, and comparison between them aborts the ... force of anti-Semitism." She has also written that she "agree with I.B. Singer's statement, that 'every day is Treblinka for the animals, but concludes that "some agonies are too total to be compared with other agonies."
__TOC__
Comparisons.
Jewish author Isaac Bashevis Singer, who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1978, made the comparison in several of his stories, including "Enemies, A Love Story," "The Penitent," and "The Letter Writer." In the latter the protagonist says, "In relation to , all people are Nazis; for the animals, it is an eternal Treblinka."
In "The Penitent" the protagonist says "when it comes to animals, every man is a Nazi."
Edgar Kupfer-Koberwitz, a pacifist, conscientious objector and Holocaust victim who was sent to Dachau for "being a strong autonomously thinking personality", wrote in his "Dachau Diaries" (kept at the University of Chicago Library) that "I have suffered so much myself that I can feel other creatures' suffering by virtue of my own". He further wrote, "I believe as long as man tortures and kill animals, he will torture and kill humans as well—and wars will be waged—for killing must be practiced and learned on a small scale".
Belgian writer Marguerite Yourcenar also made the comparison. She wrote that if we had not accepted the inhumane transportation of animals to the slaughterhouses we would not have accepted the transportation of human being to the concentration camps. In another article, making the same connection, she wrote that every act of cruelty suffered by thousands of living creatures is a crime against humanity.
J. M. Coetzee, who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2003, invoked the image of the slaughterhouse in describing the Nazi's treatment of Jews: "... in the 20th century, a group of powerful and bloody-minded men in Germany hit on the idea of adapting the methods of the industrial stockyard, as pioneered and perfected in Chicago, to the slaughter – or what they preferred to call the processing – of human beings."
The ADL lists a number of animal rights groups that have made the comparison. The magazine "No Compromise" introduced the Animal Liberation Front with the words: "If we are trespassing, so were the soldiers who broke down the gates of Hitler's death camps; If we are thieves, so were the members of the Underground Railroad who freed the slaves of the South; And if we are vandals, so were those who destroyed Forever the gas chambers of Buchenwald and Auschwitz."
In 2001, Meat.org included an "Animal Holocaust" section containing photographs of animals with captions such as "Holocaust Victim", arguing that it's "easy to see the resemblance of the systematic destruction and slaughter of over six million Jews by the Nazis before and during World War II and the over 20 million animals that are executed every day in America alone. Many of the Jews of the Holocaust were transported to concentration camps in cattle cars to their death. The concentration camps very much resemble the common slaughterhouses of today."
The Consistency in Compassion Campaign (CCC), a project of the Northwest Animal Rights Network of Seattle, Washington, argues that "the Holocaust stands for much more than the one event. It represents a place and time when supremacist thinking was so embedded in a culture that they were blind or apathetic to the evil that existed in their everyday world. This kind of thinking is not exclusive to just that time and place. The great blind spot of our country and Western Civilization for that matter is the mistreatment and disregard for non-human animals in nearly every capacity."
PETA and the use of Holocaust imagery.
Ingrid Newkirk, the president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), has herself made the comparison unambiguously, saying: "Six million Jews died in concentration camps, but six billion broiler chickens will die this year in slaughterhouses."
PETA has twice used Holocaust imagery in its campaigns. In July 2003, a PETA television public service announcement called "They came for us at night" aired on U.S. cable networks, narrated by a man describing what it felt like to be transported without food or water.
In the same year, PETA's "Holocaust on your Plate" exhibition consisted of eight panels, each juxtaposing images of the Holocaust with images of factory-farmed animals. Photographs of concentration camp inmates were displayed next to photographs of battery chickens, and piled bodies of Holocaust victims next to a pile of pig carcasses. Captions alleged that "like the Jews murdered in concentration camps, animals are terrorized when they are housed in huge filthy warehouses and rounded up for shipment to slaughter. The leather sofa and handbag are the moral equivalent of the lampshades made from the skins of people killed in the death camps."
The exhibition was funded by an anonymous Jewish philanthropist, and created by Matt Prescott, who lost several relatives in the Holocaust. Prescott said: "The very same mindset that made the Holocaust possible – that we can do anything we want to those we decide are 'different or inferior' – is what allows us to commit atrocities against animals every single day. ... The fact is, all animals feel pain, fear and loneliness. We're asking people to recognize that what Jews and others went through in the Holocaust is what animals go through every day in factory farms."
Abraham Foxman, chairman of the ADL, said the exhibition was "outrageous, offensive and takes chutzpah to new heights ... The effort by PETA to compare the deliberate systematic murder of millions of Jews to the issue of animal rights is abhorrent." Stuart Bender, legal counsel for the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, wrote to PETA asking them to "cease and desist this reprehensible misuse of Holocaust materials." There were also differing opinions within the animal rights movement. Roberta Kalechofsky wrote: "While I sympathize with PETA's aim—and am a member of PETA—I objected to this use of the Holocaust... The agony of animals arises from different causes from those of the Holocaust. Human beings do not hate animals. They do not eat them because they hate them. They do not experiment on them because they hate them, they do not hunt them because they hate them. These were the motives for the Holocaust. Human beings have no ideological or theological conflict with animals."
In 2005, Newkirk apologized for the pain the campaign had caused some people, while defending the goals of the campaign, writing:
"The Guardian" subsequently reported, however, that "the appeal has done little to calm the fury of Jewish groups." The campaign was also banned in Germany for making the Holocaust seem "insignificant and banal", to which Peter Singer, the noted animal rights advocate and writer, and a descendant of Holocaust survivors, replied by noting that "... if Peta is not allowed to state its case against our abuse of animals in the way that they judge best ... then criticism of religion could also be prohibited on the same grounds."
On February 20, 2009, the German Federal Constitutional Court dismissed a legal move challenging an appeal court's ruling that PETA's campaign was not protected by free speech laws. While not entering formal proceedings to decide in the matter, the court expressed severe doubts as to whether the campaign constituted an offense against human rights in its opinion to dismiss the appeal, as had been found by the orderly courts, but acceded to the other grounds of the former rulings that the campaign constituted a trivialization of the Holocaust and hence a severe violation of living Jews' personality rights. The subtleties of the ruling are sometimes not reflected adequately in press reports.

</doc>
<doc id="21438631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438631" title="Balawaristan National Front">
Balawaristan National Front

The Balawaristan National Front is a minor political party seeking the independence of Northern Area Balawaristan (officially known as the Gilgit-Baltistan) located in Pakistan, as well as Chitral and Kohistan, in neighbouring Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The party also claims regions in Indian-Administered Kashmir, Kargil and Ladakh, as part of its historic territories. The party is represented in the 33-seat Gilgit Baltistan Legislative Assembly by a single member, Nawaz Khan Naji.
There are no reliable indicators of its popularity, or whether it enjoys any significant political support. The leader of the party, Abdul Hamid Khan, is quoted as saying in 2002 that "We cannot measure the degree of support that we enjoy." The party fielded two candidates in the 2009 elections for the legislative assembly of Gilgit-Baltistan - though neither candidate was elected to the 33-seat assembly, which is dominated by mainstream Pakistani parties such as PPP, PML, and JUI. However, in a special by-election in 2011, BNF founder Nawaz Khan Naji won seat LA-22 Ghanche-I, with 46.4% of ballots cast in his favor. Upon taking his seat in the assembly, he undertook an oath to "remain faithful to the state of Pakistan". An ex-party fellow of Nawaz Khan Naji, Hamid Khan, claimed that Nawaz Khan Naji was an undercover ISI operative upon learning of his victory.
Background.
Balawaristan is a historic name for the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan, the party considers Baltistan a part or Balawaristan as well. The party was formed on dec 28, 1989 under the Chairmanship of Nawaz Khan Naji.first time reorganized in jul 30 1993.In 1947 at the time of independence of Pakistan the people of the area were predominantly Shia Muslims. However over the years the ethnic composition has been changed as non Kashmiri Pakistanis have settled in this area leading to discontent - although Shias remain the outright majority.. A 2008 report by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees determined that Pakistan-administered Kashmir, which includes Gilgit-Baltistan, was 'Not Free'. In 2009 as part of "Gilgit-Baltistan Empowerment and Self-Governance Order, 2009", the region was granted self-rule with an elected legislature for the first time in its history, despite protests from India which regards the region as Indian territory.
BNF also criticized the Pakistani Government saying 'The appropriation of land in the Northern Areas by non-Kashmiri migrants from elsewhere in Pakistan, with the tacit encouragement of the federal government and army, has led to dwindling economic opportunities for the local population and an increase in sectarian tension between the majority Shia Muslims and a growing number of Sunnis.' India asserts Gilgit-Baltistan is a part of the former princely state of Jammu and Kashmir which it regards as an 'integral part' of India.
Political positions.
The party does not consider areas of Gilgit and Baltistan to be legally or constitutionally part of Pakistan or India. Nor does it regard neighboring regions of Chitral, Kohistan, Ladakh, or Kargil to be legitimately part of India or Pakistan. It demands freedom not just for regions within Pakistan, but also Kargil and Ladakh.
The party asserts that as per UNCIP resolutions, Pakistan (and India) must withdraw their forces and handover the control of the region to the people of Gilgit Baltistan, under the supervision of the United Nations, until a final settlement of the whole Jammu and Kashmir issue is reached, as per a United Nations sponsored plebiscite that would be held in both Pakistan and Indian-Administered Kashmir." This grievance was directly addressed in the 2009 political reforms for the region, which granted the region self-rule with its own elected legislature - rather than being administered directly from Islamabad, although the Pakistani military has not evacuated the region, and nor has the UN been introduced to oversee the administration of the region. The party pointed out that the old arrangement, by which the region was directly ruled from Islamabad, was unlike that of neighboring Azad Kashmir, which was granted its own legislative assembly shortly after the first Kashmir war in 1948.
It does not want to join India or Pakistan for religious or any other reason. It condemns what it sees as religious and sectarian games played against its people by Pakistan and its intelligence agency Inter-Services Intelligence, and indeed even terms sectarian violence as full-fledged genocide. It opposes what it claims are attempts of the Pakistani administration to alter the demographic profile of the area, reducing the indigenous people to a minority. In 2002, it opposed what is saw as the Pakistan government's attempts to impose Wahhabi Islam on the region's predominantly Shia population under the rule of General Pervez Musharraf.
Activities.
In 2000 the party accused Pakistan of settling 'terrorists, drug and arms smugglers, and Taliban activists in Balawaristan to convert indigenous people into a minority.'
In June 2002 in an interview with Yoginder Sikand Abdul Hamid Khan accused Pakistan of treating people of Gilgit-Baltistan as virtual slaves and blamed Pakistan's Inter Services Intelligence of fomenting sectarian violence between Shias, Sunnis and Ismailis.
Khan claimed that dozens of Al-Qaeda and Taliban leaders were hiding in Balawaristan with the help of Pakistani military and ISI. He released a list of 30 militants who he believed were in Balawaristan in a letter to Kofi Annan of the United Nations.
On November 3, 2003 Nawaz Khan Najee who is QUID head of party participated in a rally demanding United Nations intervention regarding the status of Gilgit and Baltistan.
In a letter dated November 24, 2004 party Chairman BNFGroupAbdul Hamid Khan presented a peace proposal for Kashmir to President Musharraf and Manmohan Singh. This was however not accepted by any party.
On January 3, 2005 Quid e tehreek Nawaz Khan NajI spoke at a seminar in Rawalpindi demanding an independent Bolor state.
On April 25, 2007 European Union published a report entitled 'on Kashmir: present situation and future prospects'. Section 2 of the noted the absence of democracy in Gilgit Baltistan region and in section 32 deplored the human rights violations in this region. Partly as a result of this President Pervez Musharraf announced a package for the Northern Areas
A 2-day conference on Gilgit Baltistan was held on April 8–9, 2008 at the European Parliament in Brussels under the auspices of International Kashmir Alliance. Here several members of the European Parliament (MEPs) expressed concern over the human rights violation in Gilgit Baltistan and urged the government of Pakistan to establish democratic institutions and rule of law in this area of northern Kashmir. Abdul Hamid Khan, Chairman Balawaristan National Front speaking at the same conference said "no democratically elected representative (from Gilgit Baltistan) was included when Karachi Agreement was signed between Pakistan and Muslim Conference leaders in 1949."
On June 8, 2008 the present Chairman Abdul Hamid Khan who currently lives in exile telephonically addressed a gathering at Gahkuch. He reiterated the demand for independence from Pakistan and deplored the sectarian violence and accused Pakistani intelligence agencies of creating sectarian tension.
In 2009 Pakistan government implemented autonomy package for the people from Gilgit-Baltistan. This package was rejected as an eyewash by Balawaristan National Front whose spokesperson stated “It’s meant to detract the international community from the violation of human rights in this region.” The party later decided to field two candidates for the 33 member assembly - neither was voted into power. However, the package, for the first time in the history of Gilgit-Baltistan, addressed the political grievances of the local population who had felt discriminated against as they were ineligible to vote in Pakistani elections (Pakistan regards the area as a disputed territory - and any attempts to incorporate the region into the Pakistani state would jeopardize its claim vis-a-vis India). The people of the region were granted self-rule, citizenship within Pakistan, and an elected legislature to administer the region.
In February 2011 Abdul Hamid Khan criticized the move to raise the issue of Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan's assembly. He said "Marvi Maman's move in the Pakistan National Assembly is another trick of Pakistani hidden rulers to diffuse the international pressure about Gilgit Baltistan, her unwanted move by presenting herself as the representative of GB (Gilgit-Baltistan) is nothing but a drama on behalf of Pakistani hidden hands. Pakistan has only one option according to UNCIP resolutions, that is to withdraw its forces and civilians and handover the control to the people of Gilgit Baltistan under the supervision of the United Nations until a final settlement of the whole Jammu and Kashmir issue is reached."

</doc>
<doc id="21438635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438635" title="Stephen Capen">
Stephen Capen

Stephen Harold Capen (February 28, 1946 - September 12, 2005) was an American Radio announcer and disc jockey whose humor found favor with audiences in several major cities but particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area. In the mid-1960s, he began his radio career in Caribou, Maine.
Biography.
Early life.
Capen, the second of four children, was born in Brockton, Massachusetts to Hobart Ashley Capen and Mary Capen (née Morgan).
Education.
Graduating from Rockland High School in 1964, Capen received his B.A. at Antioch College and M.A. at Pacifica Graduate Institute, Santa Barbara, California.
Career.
The 60's & 70's.
WFST in Caribou, ME ('65 - '66).
WBZA in Glens Falls, NY ('66 - '67).
WAAB in Worcester, MA ('67 - '68).
WDRC-FM in Hartford, Connecticut ('69).
WCCC in Hartford, Connecticut ('69 -'70).
WGLD in Chicago, IL (Afternoons, '70-'71)
CJOM in Windsor, Ontario (Detroit market) ('70-'72).
WNCR in Cleveland, Ohio ('72-'76).
WCOZ in Boston, Massachusetts ('76-'79).
The 80's.
KSAN-FM in San Francisco, CA in ('80 - '81) - (Last year of its pioneering 12-year run as a progressive rock station before it switched to a country format).
KSFX (FM) in San Francisco, CA ('81 - '82) - "Rock N Stereo" (with Rosie Allen).
KMEL in San Francisco, CA ('84 - '85).
WXRK (K-Rock) in New York City, New York ('88 - '89) - Hosted the afternoon drive-time slot that had been vacated by Howard Stern when Stern moved to mornings and began national syndication of his show.
1990s.
Capen resisted the media-merger consolidation of radio stations and developed alternative interests in psychology, photography and travel, writing for publications including "San Francisco" magazine, "The Village Voice", the "Pacific Sun", "Shambhala Sun", "Writer's Digest", and "LensWork Quarterly", lecturing at the University of San Francisco and California State University, Hayward, and making pilgrimages to Cuba, China, Greece, and the mountains of Peru. He filed occasional broadcast reports for CBS News Radio and its affiliated network of stations, reported news for KVON/KVYN-FM in Napa, California, and, in his final radio work in July 2004, commentaries from Boston's 2004 Democratic National Convention for CBS all-news affiliate KNX (AM) in Los Angeles, California.
Death.
Capen died Monday, September 12, 2005 in Plymouth, Massachusetts of lung cancer. He was 59 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="21438636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438636" title="Gaze">
Gaze

In the psychoanalytical theory of Jacques Lacan, gaze is the anxious state that comes with the awareness that one can be viewed. The psychological effect, Lacan argues, is that the subject loses a degree of autonomy upon realizing that he or she is a visible object. This concept is bound with his theory of the mirror stage, in which a child encountering a mirror realizes that he or she has an external appearance. Lacan suggests that this gaze effect can similarly be produced by any conceivable object such as a chair or a television screen. This is not to say that the object behaves optically as a mirror; instead it means that the awareness of any object can induce an awareness of also "being" an object.
History of the concept.
Numerous existentialists and phenomenologists have addressed the concept of gaze beginning with Sartre. Foucault elaborated on gaze to illustrate a particular dynamic in power relations and disciplinary mechanisms in his "Discipline and Punish". Derrida also elaborated on the relations of animals and humans via the gaze in "The Animal That Therefore I Am".
Systems of power and the gaze.
Michel Foucault first used the term "medical gaze" in "The Birth of the Clinic" to explain the process of medical diagnosis, power dynamics between doctors and patients, and the hegemony of medical knowledge in society. He elaborated on the gaze to illustrate a particular dynamic in power relations and disciplinary mechanisms in his "Discipline and Punish", such as surveillance and the function of related disciplinary mechanisms and self-regulation in a prison or school as an apparatus of power.
The gaze is not something one has or uses; rather, it is the relationship into which someone enters. "The gaze is integral to systems of power and ideas about knowledge." Three main concepts that Foucault introduced are panopticism, power/knowledge, and biopower. These concepts all address self-regulation under systems of surveillance. This refers to how people modify their behaviour under the belief that they are constantly being watched even if they cannot directly see who or what is watching them. This possible surveillance, whether real or unreal, has self-regulating effects.
The "male gaze" in feminist theory.
In her 1975 essay "Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema", Laura Mulvey introduced the second-wave feminist concept of "male gaze" as a feature of gender power asymmetry in film. The concept was present in earlier studies of the gaze, but it was Mulvey who brought it to the forefront. Mulvey stated that women were objectified in film because heterosexual men were in control of the camera. Hollywood films played to the models of voyeurism and scopophilia. The concept has subsequently been influential in feminist film theory and media studies.
The male gaze occurs when the camera puts the audience into the perspective of a heterosexual man. It may linger over the curves of a woman's body, for instance. The woman is usually displayed on two different levels: as an erotic object for both the characters within the film, as well as for the spectator who is watching the film. The man emerges as the dominant power within the created film fantasy. The woman is passive to the active gaze from the man. This adds an element of 'patriarchal' order and it is often seen in "illusionistic narrative film". Mulvey argues that, in mainstream cinema, the male gaze typically takes precedence over the female gaze, reflecting an underlying power asymmetry.
Mulvey's essay also states that the female gaze is the same as the male gaze. This means that women look at themselves through the eyes of men. The male gaze may be seen by a feminist either as a manifestation of unequal power between gazer and gazed, or as a conscious or subconscious attempt to develop that inequality. From this perspective, a woman who welcomes an objectifying gaze may be simply conforming to norms established to benefit men, thereby reinforcing the power of the gaze to reduce a recipient to an object. Welcoming such objectification may be viewed as akin to exhibitionism.
The possibility of an analogous female gaze may arise from considering the male gaze. Mulvey argues that "the male figure cannot bear the burden of sexual objectification. Man is reluctant to gaze…" Describing "Wide Sargasso Sea" (1966), by Jean Rhys, Nalini Paul indicates that the Antoinette character gazes at Rochester, placing a garland upon him, making him appear heroic: "Rochester does not feel comfortable with having this role enforced upon him; thus, he rejects it by removing the garland, and crushing the flowers."
From the male perspective, a man possesses the gaze because he is a man, whereas a woman has the gaze only when she assumes the male gazer role — when she objectifies others by gazing at them like a man. Eva-Maria Jacobsson supports Paul's description of the "female gaze" as "a mere cross-identification with masculinity", yet evidence of women's objectification of men — the discrete existence of a "female gaze" — can be found in the "boy toy" ads published in teen magazines, for example, despite Mulvey's contention that "the gaze" is "property" of one gender. Whether or not this is an example of female gaze or rather an internalized male gaze is up for debate, along with the other ideas on this subject. In terms of power relationships, the gazer can direct a gaze upon members of the same gender for asexual reasons, such as comparing the gazer's body image and clothing to those of the gazed-at individual.
With respect to Laura Mulvey's essay, note the following points stressed by Mulvey in a 2011 interview with Roberta Sassatelli: "First, that the 1975 article ‘Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema’ was written as a polemic, and as Mandy Merck has described it, as a manifesto; so I had no interest in modifying the argument. Clearly I think, in retrospect from a more nuanced perspective, about the inescapability of the male gaze."
Criticizing the male gaze.
Bracha Ettinger criticizes this notion of the male gaze by her proposition of a "Matrixial Gaze". The matrixial gaze is not operative where a "Male Gaze" is placed opposite to a "Female Gaze" and where both positive entities constitute each other from a lack (such an umbrella concept of the gaze would precisely be what scholars such as Slavoj Žižek claim is the Lacanian definition of "The Gaze.") Ettinger's proposal doesn't concern a subject and its object, existing or lacking. Rather, it concerns "trans-subjectivity" and shareability on a partial level, and it is based on her claim concerning a feminine-matrixial difference that escapes the phallic opposition of masculine/feminine and is produced in a process of co-emergence. Ettinger works from the very late Lacan, yet, from the angle she brings, it is the structure of the Lacanian subject itself that is deconstructed to a certain extent, and another kind of feminine dimension appears, with its hybrid and floating matrixial gaze.
"Ways of Seeing": Viewing women in Renaissance paintings.
John Berger, in his book "Ways of Seeing", stated that "according to usage and conventions which are at last being questioned but have by no means been overcome - men act and women appear. Men look at women. Women watch themselves being looked at." In Renaissance images nude women were painted almost exclusively for the male viewer. Women are often depicted with their bodies turned towards the viewer while their heads are turned away and gazing in a mirror. The woman is aware of being the object of the male gaze.
This ties into Lacan's theory of the alienation that results from the split between seeing oneself and seeing the ideal. In Renaissance nude painting this is the split that comes from being both the viewer, the viewed and seeing oneself through the gaze of others.
Women and the gaze.
Griselda Pollock, in her article, "Modernity and the Spaces of Femininity" argues that the female gaze can often be visually negated.Robert Doisneau's photo named "An oblique Look" supports this argument. In the photo, a middle-aged bourgeois couple is looking around art gallery. The spectator view of the picture is from inside the shop but the couple is looking in different places than the view of the spectator. The woman is commenting on an image to her husband, while the husband is being distracted by a nude female painting. The nude female painting is hung with view of the spectator. The woman is looking at another image, but it is out of view of the spectator. The man's gaze has found something more interesting and he has chosen to ignore the woman's comment. The woman is also in contrast to the nude female in the painting, and instead of passively accepting the male gaze, she presents herself as "actively returning and confirming the gaze of the masculine spectator".
Definitions in Cinematic Theory.
The gaze is characterized by "who" is the gazer (viewer):
Theorists Gunther Kress and Theo van Leeuwen posit that the gaze is a relationship, between offering and demanding a gaze: the indirect gaze is the spectator's offer, wherein the spectator initiates viewing the subject, who is unaware of being viewed; the direct gaze is the subject's demand to be viewed.
Imperial gaze.
E. Ann Kaplan has introduced the post-colonial concept of the imperial gaze, in which the observed find themselves defined in terms of the privileged observer's own set of value-preferences. From the perspective of the colonised, the imperial gaze infantilizes and trivializes what it falls upon, asserting its command and ordering function as it does so.
Kaplan comments: “The imperial gaze reflects the assumption that the white western subject is central much as the male gaze assumes the centrality of the male subject”.
Postcolonial gaze.
First referred to by Edward Said as "orientalism", the term "post-colonial gaze" is used to explain the relationship that colonial powers extended to people of colonized countries. Placing the colonized in a position of the "other" helped to shape and establish the colonial's identity as being the powerful conqueror, and acted as a constant reminder of this idea. The postcolonial gaze "has the function of establishing the subject/object relationship... it indicates at its point of emanation the location of the subject, and at its point of contact the location of the object." In essence, this means that the colonizer/colonized relationship provided the basis for the colonizer's understanding of themselves and their identity. The role of the appropriation of power is central to understanding how colonizers influenced the countries that they colonized, and is deeply connected to the development of post-colonial theory. Utilizing postcolonial gaze theory allows formerly colonized societies to overcome the socially constructed barriers that often prohibit them from expressing their true cultural, social, economic, and political rights.

</doc>
<doc id="21438644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438644" title="Lukas Müller (ski jumper)">
Lukas Müller (ski jumper)

Lukas Müller (born 14 March 1992) is an Austrian ski jumper. He won the normal hill competition at the FIS Junior Ski Jumping World Championships 2009. He currently ranks fifth overall in the men's FIS Ski jumping Continental Cup standings.

</doc>
<doc id="21438658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438658" title="Three Days (album)">
Three Days (album)

Three Days is the fourth studio album released in 2001 by American country music artist Pat Green. It was also his major-label debut, following three self-released studio albums, two live compilations, and an independent collaborative album. "Three Days" produced two chart singles for Green on the "Billboard" country charts: "Carry On" at No. 35 and the title track at No. 36. The former was originally recorded on Green's 2000 album "Carry On" and was later re-recorded on his 2009 album "What I'm For", while "Texas on My Mind" was previously released on the album "Songs We Wish We'd Written", a collaborative album with Cory Morrow released earlier in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21438660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438660" title="Lloyd Ellams">
Lloyd Ellams

Lloyd Ashley Ellams (born 11 January 1991) is an English footballer who plays for as a striker.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Chester, Cheshire, Ellams was member of Chester City's youth system. He gained experience with a loan spell at Conference North team Droylsden early in the 2008–09 season. His debut in the Football League followed as a late substitute for Richie Partridge in Chester's 2–0 home loss to Rochdale on 3 February 2009. After a further substitute appearance at Shrewsbury Town in February, Ellams was handed his first start in the penultimate match of the season at Aldershot Town. He won Chester an early penalty and then scored his first goal for the club later in the match, making him the last player to score for Chester in the football league, the 2–2 draw effectively relegated City. After the club's demise in 2010, Ellams signed for Northern Premier League side Marine.
Stalybridge Celtic.
He signed for Conference North side Stalybridge Celtic prior to the 2010–11 season, making his debut for the club on 14 August 2010 in a 2–0 win over Redditch United. Ellams scored his first goal for the club on 28 September 2010 in extra time of an FA Cup tie against Alfreton Town. He scored his first league goal for the club on 6 November 2010 in a 5–0 win over Workington in which his strike partner, Phil Marsh, scored the other four goals. He agreed a new contract at the club in June 2010 which would keep him at the Tameside club until the end of the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21438663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438663" title="2006–07 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team">
2006–07 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team

The 2006–07 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team represented the University of Missouri in the 2006-07 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The season marked the first year of Mike Anderson's tenure.
Pre-Season.
Missouri returned just two starters from the 2005-06 team, which finished 11th in the Big 12 and 12-16 overall. Guard Jimmy McKinney and center Kevin Young graduated, and leading scorer Thomas Gardner left school for the professional ranks. The coaching tumoil involving Quin Snyder had defined the previous season; the Tigers controversially fired the head coach in February in the middle of a losing streak. Athletic director Mike Alden chose Mike Anderson from the University of Alabama at Birmingham, hiring him on March 26, 2006.
Anderson promised to bring "The Fastest Forty Minutes of Basketball" to Columbia, a style of play modeled after Nolan Richardson's "40 Minutes of Hell." It is interesting to note, however, that Anderson's moniker did not become popular until a few seasons had passed.
Anderson inherited seven players from Snyder's tenure. Junior Marshall Brown appeared to be a rising star after averaging almost double figures in scoring as a sophomore. Point guard Jason Horton, center Kalen Grimes and swingman Glen Dandridge—all of whom arrived in Columbia as a highly touted group of recruits—rounded out the junior class. Sophomore Leo Lyons returned as well, along with sophomore Matt Lawrence, who played sparingly as a freshman. The only senior on the squad was Marcus Watkins, son of assistant coach Melvin Watkins.
Anderson's first recruiting class featured three junior college players in point guard Stefhon Hannah, forward Vaidatos Volkus and forward Darryl Butterfield. Hannah figured to star for Missouri right away; Anderson had plucked him away from Kansas State and Bob Huggins, who also heavily recruited him. Volkus was signed by Snyder's staff and retained by Anderson, and Butterfield was an obscure recruit from Mineral Area College. Anderson also brought in two freshmen: Keon Lawrence and J.T. Tiller. Lawrence was also a Snyder signee but stayed on because the school kept Watkins on staff. Tiller had committed to Anderson at UAB and followed him to MU.
With the program in turmoil and the loss of so many productive players from the previous team, the media picked Missouri to finish eighth in the Big 12.
Non-Conference.
Missouri did not have much difficulty in Mike Anderson's first three games as head coach, defeating North Carolina A&T, Army and Stetson to capture the John Thompson Foundation Classic title. The Tigers, who did not play a road game until December, began 9-0, facing mostly inferior opponents. However, MU did actually defeat two eventual NCAA Tournament squads during this stretch. On November 19, the Tigers overcome a modest five-point deficit in the second half to defeat Davidson, a team that wound up with a 13-seed in March. Freshman Stephen Curry, a future First-Team All-American and NBA Draft pick in 2009, played for the Wildcats and scored 16 points. A few weeks later on November 30, Missouri routed the University of Arkansas 86-64 in a nationally televised game. The Razorbacks—the program that employed Anderson for 17 seasons as an assistant and later hired him as head coach in 2011—turned the ball over 24 times, giving Anderson's frenetic style of play a signature win for the first time in Columbia. Due to one of the more significant snowfalls in mid-Missouri history, only 5,428 fans attended the game. The athletic department allowed the fans to fill the lower bowl, though, to compensate for a storm that forced MU to cancel classes the next day.
Missouri's undefeated start ended when it played its first true road game in West Lafayette, Indiana. A Carl Landry-led Purdue team broke away in the second half to win 79-62. Less than two weeks later, Missouri dropped its second game of the season, a 73-70 loss to rival Illinois in the Braggin' Rights series. The loss marked the seventh straight loss in the series for the Tigers. In a back-and-forth game, Illinois held on for the victory after junior guard Stefhon Hannah fumbled the ball on the final possession and failed to get off a potential game-tying three-pointer.
The Tigers won their final two games of non-conference play, which included an 83-75 home win over Mississippi State. Ben Hansbrough, who later transferred to Notre Dame and earned Big East Player of the Year honors in 2011, scored eight points in that game for the Bulldogs.
Conference Play.
The momentum of MU's surprising 11-2 start faded immediately, as the Tigers began Big 12 play with four straight losses. In Anderson's Big 12 debut, Iowa State overcame a 16-point second-half deficit to win on a last-second tip-in by Wesley Johnson. Keeping with the trend of undiscovered stars, Johnson is yet another Missouri opponent during the 2006-07 season that eventually reached stardom—Johnson transferred to Syracuse and won Big East Player of the Year honors in 2010 and was drafted fourth in the 2010 NBA Draft. Four days later, a heavily favored Texas Longhorns team dominated Missouri in Austin, thanks to 34 points from Kevin Durant. Then, in the midst of another ice storm, Missouri dropped a home game to Kansas State. The Tigers nearly recovered from a 16-point hole in the second half, and trailed by just five points with less than a minute to play. However, with a chance to throw down a monstrous dunk in the open court, junior forward Marshall Brown missed the jam and killed any hope of a comeback. Two days after that loss, Missouri faced the rival Kansas Jayhawks in Lawrence in an ESPN "Big Monday" game on Martin Luther King Day. The underdog Tigers battled the 6th-ranked Jayhawks wire-to-wire, but sophomore Matt Lawrence's tying three-point attempt as time expired did not even catch the rim.
Anderson won his first Big 12 game in Boulder, Colo., as the Tigers dominated the Buffaloes in a 14-point victory. MU returned home to defeat Bob Knight's Texas Tech team to draw to 2-4 in conference play, but it lost three of its next four games to fall to 3-7.
The Tigers worked their way back into post-season contention, though, with a three-game winning streak. First, Missouri edged Baylor by seven points on Valentine's Day. Three days later, Anderson won his first game against a ranked opponent by beating 18th-ranked Oklahoma State 75-64 at Gallagher-Iba Arena, a traditionally difficult Big 12 venue. Freshman guard Keon Lawrence led the team with 18 points, and even little-used reserve Glen Dandridge made a three-pointer and scored five points in four minutes of action. The next week, Lawrence—no relation to Matt Lawrence—continued his strong play and came up with one of the season's most exciting plays in a win over the Oklahoma Sooners. Lawrence made the game-winning basket with a turnaround jumper with less than a minute to play, despite not making a field goal in the first half.
At 6-7, the Tigers had finally worked their way into the NCAA Tournament at-large conversation. Although experts said it was a pipe dream, Missouri appeared to have a very slim chance if it could win the remainder of its games and finish above .500 in the Big 12. Any talk of the NCAA Tournament ended after MU dropped an overtime game to the Nebraska Cornhuskers in Lincoln, though, a game dominated by Australian center Aleks Maric, who scored 31 points. Maric, who proved to be an extremely difficult match-up for the smaller Tigers during his career, made five free throws to seal the game in the final minute of overtime. Freshman J.T. Tiller missed a game-winning attempt at the end of regulation in that game, and the Tigers missed three shots from behind the arc with a chance to tie the game in OT.
Missouri finished the conference season with a home win over Colorado on senior night, which honored lone senior Marcus Watkins, the son of assistant coach Melvin Watkins. The Tigers battled Texas A&M to a tie at half-time in the Big 12 finale, but the Sweet 16-bound Aggies blew the game open in the second half for a comfortable win. That left MU with a 7-9 record and a sixth-place finish in the Big 12.
Big 12 Tournament.
Missouri drew 11th-seeded Baylor in the first round of the 2007 Big 12 Tournament, a game televised by ESPN2. The Bears entered the game with a 14-15 record but featured a young, talented backcourt—these same players would take the program to a surprising NCAA Tournament appearance just a year later. Baylor's talent was obvious on the court that night, and Scott Drew's team shocked Missouri with a 14-point win. The loss was considered embarrassing at the time for Anderson's program, which appeared to take a step back after a promising regular season. Anderson's vaunted pressing style did not fare well against Baylor, as it shot 63 percent from the field and burned Missouri's full-court pressure for 40 minutes.
Upon elimination from the Big 12 Tournament, the Tigers clearly did not have the credentials for an NCAA Tournament at-large bid. However, with a 6th-place finish in a power conference and an 18-12 overall record, the Tigers appeared headed to at least the NIT. On March 12, 2007, though, the NIT did not select Missouri to participate, ending Anderson's first season as head coach.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| Postseason

</doc>
<doc id="21438674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438674" title="Henrik Ameln">
Henrik Ameln

Henrik Ameln (29 April 1879 – 17 September 1961) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party. He was a mayor of Bergen, and served five terms in the Parliament of Norway.
Personal life.
He was born in Bergen as the son of Theodor Poul Lauritz Ameln (1847–1925) and his wife Olivia Dorothea Hildegund Wilander (1849–1912). He was the nephew of Johan Gerhard Theodor Ameln, and a brother of Haakon Ameln.
Career.
He finished his secondary education in 1897, and in 1902 he had taken the cand.jur. degree. He then worked as a jurist. He also edited the publications "Norsk Forsikringstidende" and "Bjørgvin". In 1911 he took extra education to work as an average adjuster like his father. From 1920 to 1923 he worked as director of the bank Den Norske Handelsbank.
Ameln chaired the local Conservative Party chapter for several non-consecutive periods, and was a member of the national central committee from 1916 to 1919. He was elected to Bergen city council in 1910, and was re-elected several times until 1925; from 1920 to 1922 he served as mayor. He was the first mayor from his party in Bergen since Christian Michelsen in 1893. Ameln had also been elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1913, and initially served only one term. After his period as mayor he was re-elected in 1922, 1925, 1928 and 1931 to serve four more terms in Parliament. From 1926 to 1927 he was the President of the Odelsting. He also served in Bergen city council for a second term, from 1934 to 1945.
Ameln held a very large number of memberships in various boards and committees, both public and private. He was a board member of the Comité Maritime International, the International Law Association in Norway, Bergenshalvøens Kommunale Kraftselskap, Bergens Handelsbank, the Union of Norwegian Cities from 1921 to 1923 and of Norwegian State Railways from 1933 to 1939. He chaired Det Norske Veritas from 1929 to 1945. In 1939 he was proclaimed an honorary member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="21438684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438684" title="Drug-induced nonautoimmune hemolytic anemia">
Drug-induced nonautoimmune hemolytic anemia

Drug-induced nonautoimmune hemolytic anemia is a form of hemolytic anemia.
Non-immune drug induced hemolysis can occur via oxidative mechanisms. This is particularly likely to occur when there is an enzyme deficiency in the antioxidant defense system of the red blood cells. An example is where antimalarial oxidant drugs like primaquine damage red blood cells in Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in which the red blood cells are more susceptible to oxidative stress due to reduced NADPH production consequent to the enzyme 
deficiency.
Some drugs cause RBC (red blood cell) lysis even in normal individuals. These include dapsone and sulfasalazine.
Non-immune drug-induced hemolysis can also arise from drug-induced damage to cell volume control mechanisms; for example drugs can directly or indirectly impair regulatory volume decrease mechanisms, which become activated during hypotonic RBC swelling to return the cell to a normal volume. The consequence of the drugs actions are irreversible cell swelling and lysis (e.g. ouabain at very high doses).

</doc>
<doc id="21438686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438686" title="Enza">
Enza

The Enza is a river in northern Italy, a right affluence of the Po River. Its source is at the Alpe di Succiso, in the northern Apennines (Tuscan-Emilian Apennines), at 1,406 m. The Enza is the current boundary of the provinces of Parma and Reggio Emilia.
After the source, at 1,157 it forms the Paduli or Lagastrello artificial lake, and flows for 93 km in the aforementioned provinces. In its trait in the Pianura Padana it becomes wider, and flows into the Po near Brescello.
In ancient times it was known by its Latin name Incia.

</doc>
<doc id="21438687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438687" title="Drug-induced autoimmune hemolytic anemia">
Drug-induced autoimmune hemolytic anemia

Drug-induced autoimmune hemolytic anemia is a form of hemolytic anemia.
In some cases, a drug can cause the immune system to mistakenly think the body's own red blood cells are dangerous, foreign substances. Antibodies then develop against the red blood cells. The antibodies attach to red blood cells and cause them to break down too early. Drugs that can cause this type of hemolytic anemia include: 
Cephalosporins (a class of antibiotics) -- most common cause 
Dapsone 
Levodopa 
Levofloxacin 
Methyldopa 
Nitrofurantoin 
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) 
Phenazopyridine (pyridium) 
Quinidine 
Penicillin in high doses can induce immune mediated hemolysis via the hapten mechanism in which antibodies are targeted against the combination of penicillin in association with red blood cells. Complement is activated by the attached antibody leading to the removal of red blood cells by the spleen. 
The drug itself can be targeted by the immune system, e.g. by IgE in a Type I hypersensitivity reaction to penicillin, rarely leading to anaphylaxis.

</doc>
<doc id="21438695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438695" title="Glasgow Springburn by-election, 1937">
Glasgow Springburn by-election, 1937

The Glasgow Sprinburn by-election, 1937 occurred in Glasgow Springburn on 7 September 1937, which (unusually for a UK election) was a Tuesday.
It was caused by the death of George Hardie. It was won by his widow Agnes Hardie.
Campaign.
The main issue of discussion related not to local concerns, but national concerns of rearmament. There had been much debate within the Labour Movement, including the Labour Party and the Trades Union Congress, about the National Government's reaction to the emerging situation in Europe. This led eventually to a commitment not to reverse the rearmament program until the international situation had changed. The Conservative candidate, Colonel McInnes Shaw, was unable to speak at all for eight days during the campaign due to a throat illness and Mrs. Hardie gave only a brief address (with no questions) at an eve-of-poll address.

</doc>
<doc id="21438702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438702" title="Just a Minute">
Just a Minute

Just a Minute is a BBC Radio 4 radio comedy and television panel game chaired by Nicholas Parsons. Its first transmission on Radio 4 was on 22 December 1967, three months after the station's launch. The Radio 4 programme won a Gold Sony Radio Academy Award in 2003.
The object of the game is for panellists to talk for sixty seconds on a given subject, "without hesitation, repetition or deviation". The comedy comes from attempts to keep within these rules and the banter among the participants. In 2011 comedy writer David Quantick ascribed "Just a Minute"'s success to its "insanely basic" format, stating, "It's so blank that it can be filled by people as diverse as Paul Merton and Graham Norton, who don't have to adapt their style of humour to the show at all."
Throughout its four-plus-decade history, the show has, in addition to its popularity in the UK, developed an international following through its broadcast on the BBC World Service and, more recently, on the internet.
History.
The idea for the game came to Ian Messiter as he rode on the top of a number 13 bus. He recalled Percival Parry Jones, a history master from his days at Sherborne School who, upon seeing the young Messiter daydreaming in a class, instructed him to repeat everything he had said in the previous minute without hesitation or repetition. To this, Messiter added a rule disallowing players from deviating from the subject, as well as a scoring system based on panellists' challenges.
The idea for the show was first used in "One Minute Please", chaired by Roy Plomley. Whilst the fundamental rules were the same, the game was played in two teams of three rather than with four individual contestants. The show was broadcast between 1951 and 1957. Previous incarnations of the programme included a 1952 version in South Africa, as well as a television version on the DuMont network in the United States.
A pilot for the show was recorded in 1967, featuring Clement Freud, Derek Nimmo, Beryl Reid and Wilma Ewart as panellists. The chairman was originally planned to be Jimmy Edwards but he was unavailable on the proposed recording dates and was replaced by Nicholas Parsons. Whilst executives at the BBC disliked the pilot, its producer, David Hatch, threatened to resign if he could not oversee a full series. Not wishing to lose Hatch, the BBC acquiesced.
The show's theme music is Frédéric Chopin's piano Waltz in D flat major, Op. 64, No. 1, nicknamed the "Minute Waltz" (which, despite its name, lasts longer than the 60 seconds taken to complete a round of "Just a Minute"; the nickname actually refers to "minute" as in "small" rather than the unit of time).
Rules.
The four panellists are challenged to speak for one minute on a given subject (which they are not able to prepare for in advance) without "hesitation, repetition or deviation". Over the years, the application of these rules has been inconsistent and is thus the focus of much of the comic interplay between those appearing on the programme as Parsons' rulings are challenged. During the first three series, the rules were more complicated and sometimes applied on a one-off basis — a ban on the word "is" might apply in a round, for example. But the basic rules remain quite straightforward.
A panellist scores a point for making a correct challenge against whomever is speaking, while the speaker gets a point if the challenge is deemed incorrect. However, if a witty interjection amuses the audience, even though it is not a correct challenge, both the challenger and speaker may gain a point, at the chairman's discretion. A player who makes a correct challenge takes over the subject for the remainder of the minute, or until he or she is correctly challenged. The person speaking when the 60 seconds expires also scores a point. An extra point is awarded when a panellist speaks for the entire minute without being challenged.
It is unusual for a panellist to speak within the three cardinal rules for any substantial length of time, whilst remaining coherent, and also being amusing. Therefore, to speak for the full minute without being challenged is a special achievement. However, if a panellist is speaking fluently on a subject, staying reasonably within the three rules, and seems likely to speak for the whole minute, the other panellists will often refrain from buzzing in. On occasion a similar courtesy has also been extended by the whistle-blower, who will refrain from indicating the end of the minute so as to not interrupt a panellist in full and entertaining flow (this once led to Paul Merton speaking for one minute and forty seconds on the topic "Ram-raiding").
Below is an example of a speech given by Sheila Hancock which lasted for a full minute without being challenged. The subject was "How to win an argument".
"Well it varies according to the person that you are arguing with. Should it be a child that you are having a contretemps with, the ideal is deviation tactics. For instance Lola Lupin who I mentioned before won't eat her dinner. So what I do is say, "yes it is rotten food, let us sing a song", making sure that that particular chanson has a few vowels in it that require her to open her mouth! During which I pop the spoon in and I have won the argument. However if it is an argument with a person that knows their subject what I do is nod sagely and smile superciliously, let them ramble on, and at the end I say "well I'm sorry, I think you're completely wrong", turn on my heels and leave. I..."
On rare occasions, panellists will challenge themselves, usually by mistake or for laughs. The game rewards those who make entertaining challenges, even if they do not speak for very long. If successful, last-second challenges can be especially rewarding, as they allow one to speak for a short time but earn two points—one for the challenge and one for being the last speaker.
The game is then scored and a winner declared, but the attraction of the show lies less in the contest than in the humour and banter among participants and the chairman.
Participants.
Nicholas Parsons has chaired the show since its inception. On nine occasions he has appeared on the panel, and others have acted as chairman including Clement Freud, Geraldine Jones, Andrée Melly and Kenneth Williams. Ian Messiter was chairman on one occasion in 1977, when Freud arrived late and Nicholas Parsons took his place on the panel. Parsons has appeared on every show, either as chairman or panellist.
Each programme features four panellists, with the exception of six shows in 1968 and another at the end of the 1970–1971 season when there were three.
Until 1989, Ian Messiter sat on the stage with a stopwatch and blew a whistle when the speaker's minute was up (originally a cuckoo). He was replaced by a series of different whistle-blowers. Trudi Stevens is the current production assistant. Messiter continued to be involved with the show, setting the subjects until his death in 1999.
There have been five regular competitors in the show's history: Clement Freud, Peter Jones, Derek Nimmo, Kenneth Williams and Paul Merton. Freud and Nimmo appeared from the first programme in 1967, while Williams joined in the show's second series in 1968. Jones made his début in 1971. After Williams' death in 1988, Merton (a long-time fan of the show) contacted the producer at Nicholas Parsons' suggestion and was invited to participate during the following year. Nimmo died in 1999, Jones in 2000 and Freud in 2009, leaving Merton as the only regular panellist, albeit not in every show. 
Each of the regulars brought their individual style to playing the game. Clement Freud liked to list examples and to challenge with only a few seconds to go. He was among the show's more competitive players, regularly referring to the rules and deprecating any deviation from them. Derek Nimmo frequently improvised descriptions of his experiences abroad, often on theatrical tour. He also was highly competitive and berated the chairman frequently. Peter Jones once said that in all his years of playing the game, he never quite got the hang of it, though his self-deprecating, laconic style suited the essential silliness of the game. Kenneth Williams was often the star of the show: his flamboyant tantrums, arch put-downs, and mock sycophancy made him the audience's favourite. Williams often stretched out his speeches by extending every syllable to breaking point (some words lasting for up to three seconds), and his regular mock-anger often included the complaint, "I've come all the way from Great Portland Street", which was close to where the show was recorded. Merton frequently launches into flights of fancy, such as claiming to have had unusual occupations or to have experienced significant historical events. He also often wins points by challenging just before the whistle or for humorous challenges.
Over the 45-year history of the show, there have been many other panellists. Those to have appeared frequently — more than 20 times each — are *Pam Ayres, Gyles Brandreth, Julian Clary, Charles Collingwood, Barry Cryer, Jenny Eclair, Stephen Fry, Sheila Hancock, Tony Hawks, Kit Hesketh-Harvey, Aimi MacDonald, Andree Melly, Chris Neill, Ross Noble, Graham Norton, Sue Perkins, Tim Rice, Wendy Richard, Linda Smith and Liza Tarbuck.
Others to have appeared as panellists on the programme are:
Recording locations.
The first show in 1967 was recorded in the Playhouse Theatre in central London, and the 35th anniversary show was also recorded there, and broadcast on New Year's Day 2003.
Most shows in the first 30 years were recorded in the Paris Theatre in central London. In 1992, the then-new producer, Sarah Smith, took the show outside central London and recorded some shows in nearby Highgate. A year later, the show left Greater London for the first time; the first such shows broadcast were recorded in Bury St. Edmunds and Llandudno. The show started going to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1993 and has been there every year since. Currently most shows, though not all, are recorded at the BBC Radio Theatre in Broadcasting House in central London.
In February 2012, two episodes of the show were recorded at the Comedy Store, in Mumbai in India, the first time the show has recorded outside Britain. The programme played for many years on the World Service and is said to have a large following in India.
TV versions.
Several television versions have been attempted. Two pilot episodes were recorded for television in 1969 and 1981 but never broadcast, except in documentaries about Kenneth Williams.
In 1994, 14 shows were broadcast on Carlton Television, ITV in London. Two additional variations were added: a round in which the team were presented with a mystery object to talk about, rather than a subject, and another round where the audience suggested a topic. Nicholas Parsons chaired the show, and Tony Slattery featured in all programmes. Other panellists were Tony Banks, Tony Blackburn, Jo Brand, Ann Bryson, John Fortune, Clement Freud, Mariella Frostrup, Jeremy Hardy, Tony Hawks, Hattie Hayridge, Kit Hesketh-Harvey, Helen Lederer, Pete McCarthy, Neil Mullarkey, Derek Nimmo, Graham Norton, Nick Revell, Ted Robbins, Lee Simpson, Arthur Smith, Jim Sweeney and Richard Vranch.
In 1995, fourteen more episodes were broadcast. "Just a Minute" became a team game, with the Midlands and London playing against each other, under team captains Tony Slattery and Dale Winton. Each player earned individual points, which were totalled for each team at the end of the show. Nicholas Parsons again chaired the shows. The gimmick of the audience choosing a subject was abandoned in this series. Other panellists were Tony Banks, Tony Blackburn, Craig Charles, Clement Freud, Mariella Frostrup, Liza Goddard, Jeremy Hardy, Kit Hesketh-Harvey, Helen Lederer, Carolyn Marshall, Graham Norton, Su Pollard, Wendy Richard, Arthur Smith, Jim Sweeney and Richard Vranch. Both this series and the series before were produced by Mike Mansfield.
In 1999, the BBC televised the show, with 20 episodes recorded during a single week in Birmingham. Nicholas Parsons was again the chairman. There were no regular panellists but those appearing were Pam Ayres, Clare Balding, Isla Blair, Jo Brand, Gyles Brandreth, Ken Bruce, Michael Cashman, Barry Cryer, Stephen Frost, Liza Goddard, Tony Hawks, Peter Jones, Maria McErlane, Richard Morton, Tom O'Connor, Su Pollard, Steve Punt, Wendy Richard, John Sergeant, Brian Sewell, Linda Smith, Richard Vranch and Gary Wilmot. The series was produced by Helena Taylor.
In March and April 2012, the BBC broadcast 10 episodes, recorded over a week at the BBC Television Centre in London. The shows were said to mark the 45th anniversary of the programme. For the first time, the shows were shown in prime time at 6pm each night over two weeks on BBC Two. Nicholas Parsons again chaired the programme and Paul Merton appeared in all episodes. Other panellists were Gyles Brandreth, Hugh Bonneville, Marcus Brigstocke, Julian Clary, Stephen Fry, Tony Hawks, Ruth Jones, Phill Jupitus, Miles Jupp, Shappi Khorsandi, Josie Lawrence, Jason Manford, Stephen Mangan, Graham Norton, Sue Perkins, John Sergeant, Liza Tarbuck and Russell Tovey. No changes were made to the format of the game. The shows were produced by Andy Brereton and Jamie Ormerod.
Other formats.
A Swedish version of the show, called "På Minuten", has been broadcast on Sveriges Radio P1 since 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="21438704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438704" title="Michael Peter Hopp">
Michael Peter Hopp

Michael Peter Hopp (1787 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1848–1850, representing the constituency of Fredrikshald. He worked as a merchant there.

</doc>
<doc id="21438721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438721" title="Keith Shologan">
Keith Shologan

Keith Shologan (born November 26, 1985 in Spruce Grove, Alberta) is a Canadian football defensive tackle for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League. He played college football at Central Florida.
Shologan has also been a member of the San Diego Chargers.
College career.
Shologan spent four seasons at the University of Central Florida and also started all four years on the Knights' defensive line. As a senior in 2007, he recorded 33 tackles and 2.5 sacks. His performance earned him All-Conference USA second team honours.
Professional career.
Shologan was considered a top pick in the 2008 CFL Draft and a possible pick of the Edmonton Eskimos along with Dimitri Tsoumpas and Samuel Giguere. However Shologan signed with the San Diego Chargers. He attended the Chargers training camp; however, he was cut on June 21. A week after he was cut by San Diego he signed with Saskatchewan. He joined the Saskatchewan Roughriders in week eight after they drafted him with the fourth pick in the 2008 draft. He appeared in one game as a backup defensive lineman against the Edmonton Eskimos and recorded two tackles. The Roughriders lost Shologan's debut by a score of 27–10. During the Roughriders 2009 training camp, Shologan was called a "standout" by head coach Ken Miller, and when told about Miller's comments, Shologan responded by saying "aw shucks". On August 16, 2009, Shologan scored his first ever CFL touchdown against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats as a tight end on a 1-yard reception in the end zone from Steven Jyles.
After the 2010 Grey Cup, Shologan was named the game's Top Canadian for his performance, despite the Roughriders loss to the Montreal Alouettes.
On December 16, 2013, Shologan was drafted by the Ottawa RedBlacks in the 2013 CFL Expansion Draft.
Personal.
Shologan lives on a bull farm with his family in Northern Alberta during the offseason and he enjoys playing squash in his spare time. His two younger sisters died in 2001, when Shologan was 15.

</doc>
<doc id="21438724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438724" title="Silverton High School">
Silverton High School

Silverton High School may refer to one of these U.S. high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="21438733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438733" title="Penaforte">
Penaforte

Penaforte is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Ceará, bordering the state of Pernambuco.

</doc>
<doc id="21438746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438746" title="Sir Charles Knowles, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Charles Knowles, 2nd Baronet

Sir Charles Henry Knowles, 2nd Baronet GCB (24 August 1754 – 28 November 1831) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who saw service during the American War of Independence, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral. Highly intellectual, he authored a number of signal books and had the chance to put his ideas into practice during his naval career. Knowles was at times beset by problems with discipline aboard his ships, often due to large proportions of raw recruits and untrained seamen. This may have been a factor in his rocky relationship with his superior, Sir John Jervis, which eventually led to Knowles's retirement from active service after the Battle of Cape St Vincent, and his concentration on scholarly studies of the issues affecting the naval service.
Family and early life.
Knowles was born at Kingston, Jamaica on 24 August 1754, the second son of the Governor of Jamaica Admiral Sir Charles Knowles and his wife Maria Magdalena Theresa de Bouget. He received his initial education at Eton College circa 1764–6, and then subsequently at Glasgow and Edinburgh. He joined in navy in 1768 as a midshipman aboard the 36-gun frigate , which was then serving in the English Channel under the command of Captain Samuel Barrington. He was then aboard the Spithead guard ship the 74-gun under Captain Robert Roddam, before joining the 32-gun under Captain John MacBride, where he served at Plymouth and in the Channel.
West Indies.
Knowles was appointed as acting-lieutenant without pay aboard the sloop by Sir George Brydges Rodney in 1773, and Knowles went on to serve in this capacity aboard , and under Captain William Cornwallis at Pensacola and from Jamaica. He then moved aboard Captain Collins's 20-gun where he served off Cap Francois and Santo Domingo. His next appointment was aboard Rear-Admiral Clark Gayton's flagship, the 50-gun at Port Royal from 1774 to May 1776, from which he moved aboard the 20-gun under Captain Stair Douglas. Under Douglas Knowles served at Jamaica, the Mosquito Shore and the Bay of Honduras.
Knowles's commission was confirmed on 28 May 1776 and he was appointed as second lieutenant of the 28-gun , then under the command of Captain Charles Thompson. He served aboard the "Boreas" at Port Royal, and later on the North American Station at New York after the Battle of Bunker Hill. He was promoted to first lieutenant and in 1776 moved aboard the 50-gun , which was at that time the flagship of Vice-Admiral Molyneux Shuldham. He went on to see service on the flat boats at New York and Rhode Island. Knowles returned to Britain aboard in January 1777 to see his father, who was in declining health. Whilst at home he took the opportunity to prepare his first signal book, "A Set of Signals for a Fleet on a Plan Entirely New", for publication, before returning to the Americas in summer 1777. The book, published that year, proposed innovative new ways of flying numbered signals, and the development of tactics whereby the traditional line of battle would be abandoned once the battle began. Knowles claimed to have communicated the work to Lord Howe, and that Howe's tactics at the Glorious First of June reflected Knowles's theories on effective naval tactics. The death of his father on 9 December that year and his succession as the second baronet caused Knowles to return to England again.
He returned to active service again during the summer of 1778, and was present with Barrington's fleet at the Battle of St. Lucia on 15 December 1778, serving aboard Commander James Richard Dacres's 18-gun . Two days later the "Ceres" was chased and captured by a squadron under the comte d'Estaing. He was exchanged and appointed to serve as lieutenant aboard Vice-Admiral Barrington's flagship, the 74-gun . In May 1779 he was briefly ordered to be master and commander of the storeship , but had returned to the "Prince of Wales" by 6 July, when he took part and was wounded in the Battle of Grenada. Knowles returned to England with Barrington in October 1779, and by December had joined Admiral Sir George Rodney's flagship, the 90-gun , as a volunteer for the Relief of Gibraltar.
Command.
Rodney appointed him to command the 18-gun xebec on 26 January 1780, quickly following this with a promotion to post-captain and an appointment to the 24-gun on 2 February. Knowles went on to serve in a highly active role in the defence of British trade in the Mediterranean, engaging privateers and escorting convoys. At one point he was briefly blockaded in Minorca, where he fell ill. He was eventually able to escape to sea in January 1781, and was based out of Gibraltar until his return to England in April 1782. On his arrival he was accused of piracy and murder, but was able to clear his name, returning to Gibraltar aboard to resume command of the "Porcupine". He became senior naval officer there on the departure of Sir Roger Curtis, until returning to England once more in command of the 74-gun Spanish prize .
French Revolutionary Wars.
The end of the war allowed Knowles to continue with his studies, and he made a tour of France in 1788. The outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars in 1793 led to Knowles returning to active service in command of the 32-gun frigate . He was ordered to Halifax, but given permission to move to the Chesapeake, where a French convoy was planning to sail from. Problems with manning his ship meant that Knowles sailed from Portsmouth with a largely inexperienced crew, but Knowles was able to have them fully trained by the time of their arrival at Hampton Roads. Shortly after his arrival, the French escort arrived, and the convoy sailed shortly afterwards, observed by Knowles on the "Daedalus". Knowles passed this latest information on to Lord Howe, who moved his Channel fleet to intercept it, setting in motion the events that would lead to the Glorious First of June. Having fulfilled his objective Knowles sailed to Halifax, and from there returned to England. He was appointed to the 74-gun and served in the North Sea. Once again Knowles was beset by difficulties in manning his ship, the "Edgar" put to sea from the Nore manned by soldiers from 23 different regiments, and commanded by officers from still other regiments. Typhus and 'the itch' were rampant, on the ship's return to port she had to be scrubbed with lime water and fumigated with vinegar, while 100 men were discharged to the hospital. Knowles suffered a further mishap when the "Edgar" was dismasted in a storm off the Texel, and had to be towed back to the Nore.
Knowles transferred to the 74-gun in late 1795, serving under Sir John Jervis at Lisbon. While serving there he ran foul of Jervis, who had him court-martialled in 1796 on a charge of disobeying a verbal order. At the trial Jervis's captain of the fleet Robert Calder swore that no order had been given, and the lieutenant who was supposed to have transmitted it swore he had not received one. The charge was therefore dismissed, but this appears to have been the start of a personal enmity of Jervis against Knowles.
Battle of Cape St Vincent.
Knowles was still in Jervis's fleet in command of "Goliath" when the Battle of Cape St Vincent was fought on 14 February 1797. During the engagement Jervis ordered his ships to tack in succession whilst in close action with the enemy. Knowles did so, coming under heavy fire and was forced to temporarily drop out of the action while the "Goliath" knotted and spliced their rigging. On his return to the battle, Knowles observed an opportunity to pass to windward of the "Santísima Trinidad" and so becalm her. Jervis however signalled "Goliath" and ordered Knowles to stop the manoeuvre. The following morning both Knowles on the "Goliath", and James Whitshed on had observed the vulnerable situation that the "Santísima Trinidad" was in, and attempted to signal this to Jervis. They received no reply.
The fleet anchored in Lagos Bay the following day, with Knowles placing the "Goliath" where she could provide flanking cover for the line. On going aboard Jervis's flagship he was however told by Jervis that the "Goliath" was vulnerable where she lay. Knowles replied that the Spanish were hardly likely to attack given their condition. While Knowles was dining with Vice-Admiral William Waldegrave that evening, Jervis sent the "Victory"s master to move "Goliath", a great insult to Knowles. Jervis also ordered him to swap ships with Thomas Foley and take over HMS "Britannia". Knowles soon returned to England after this, citing poor health.
Later life.
Knowles attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on 19 December 1797 for the victories at St Vincent and Camperdown, receiving a Naval Gold Medal, and then largely retired from public life. He spent the rest of his life in study, producing seven books of professional studies and a new code of signals in 1798, based on his 1777 work and incorporating revisions he had made in 1780, 1787 and 1794. He was promoted to Rear-Admiral on 14 February 1799, two years to the day after the Battle of Cape St Vincent, a Vice-Admiral on 24 April 1804 and a full Admiral on 31 July 1810. He suggested using balloons to observe the French invasion forces at Brest in 1803, and in 1830 he published his largely autobiographical work "Observations on Naval Tactics". He had married Charlotte Johnstone on 10 September 1800, the couple eventually having three sons and four daughters. He was nominated a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath on 16 May 1820 at the accession of King George IV. Admiral Charles Henry Knowles died on 28 November 1831 at the age of 77. He was succeeded as baronet by his son Francis Charles Knowles.

</doc>
<doc id="21438747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438747" title="Monte Prado">
Monte Prado

Monte Prado (or Prato) is a mountain in the northern Apennines, located in the trait between the Pradarena and Radici Passes, with an altitude of 2,054 m.
Monte Prado is right on the boundary between the province of Reggio Emilia and that of Lucca. The mountain is part of the National Park of the Appennino Tosco-Emiliano.

</doc>
<doc id="21438752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438752" title="Jim Brown (outfielder)">
Jim Brown (outfielder)

James Donaldson Brown (March 31, 1897 – October 22, 1944) was a professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1915 for the St. Louis Cardinals and 1916 for the Philadelphia Athletics, primarily as an outfielder.
According to the May/June 2010 Report of the Biographical Research Committee for the Society for American Baseball Research, after his baseball career, Brown was listed in the Los Angeles city directories at various times as a ballplayer, actor, and studio worker. He died October 22, 1944 in Bradwood, Oregon. The death certificate said that he was a resident of Hollywood, worked as a carpenter for a movie firm, and that he had been in Oregon for two months. He was buried in Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="21438755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438755" title="Foot-and-mouth disease">
Foot-and-mouth disease

Foot-and-mouth disease or hoof-and-mouth disease (Aphthae epizooticae) is an infectious and sometimes fatal viral disease that affects cloven-hoofed animals, including domestic and wild bovids. The virus causes a high fever for two or three days, followed by blisters inside the mouth and on the feet that may rupture and cause lameness.
Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) has severe implications for animal farming, since it is highly infectious and can be spread by infected animals through aerosols, through contact with contaminated farming equipment, vehicles, clothing, or feed, and by domestic and wild predators. Its containment demands considerable efforts in vaccination, strict monitoring, trade restrictions, and quarantines, and occasionally the killing of animals.
Susceptible animals include cattle, water buffalo, sheep, goats, pigs, antelope, deer, and bison. It has also been known to infect hedgehogs and elephants; llamas, and alpacas may develop mild symptoms, but are resistant to the disease and do not pass it on to others of the same species. In laboratory experiments, mice, rats, and chickens have been successfully infected by artificial means, but they are not believed to contract the disease under natural conditions. Humans are very rarely infected.
The virus responsible for the disease is a picornavirus, the prototypic member of the genus "Aphthovirus". Infection occurs when the virus particle is taken into a cell of the host. The cell is then forced to manufacture thousands of copies of the virus, and eventually bursts, releasing the new particles in the blood. The virus is genetically highly variable, which limits the effectiveness of vaccination.
History.
The cause of FMD was first shown to be viral in 1897 by Friedrich Loeffler. He passed the blood of an infected animal through a Chamberland filter and found the collected fluid could still cause the disease in healthy animals.
FMD occurs throughout much of the world, and whilst some countries have been free of FMD for some time, its wide host range and rapid spread represent cause for international concern. After World War II, the disease was widely distributed throughout the world. In 1996, endemic areas included Asia, Africa, and parts of South America; as of August 2007, Chile is disease-free, and Uruguay and Argentina have not had an outbreak since 2001. North America and Australia have been free of FMD for many years. New Zealand has never had a case of foot-and-mouth disease. Most European countries have been recognized as disease-free, and countries belonging to the European Union have stopped FMD vaccination.
However, in 2001, a serious outbreak of FMD in Britain resulted in the slaughter of many animals, the postponing of the general election for a month, and the cancellation of many sporting events and leisure activities, such as the Isle of Man TT. Due to strict government policies on sale of livestock, disinfection of all persons leaving and entering farms, and the cancellation of large events likely to be attended by farmers, a potentially economically disastrous epizootic was avoided in the Republic of Ireland, with just one case recorded in Proleek, Co. Louth. In August 2007, FMD was found at two farms in Surrey, England. All livestock were culled and a quarantine erected over the area. Two other suspected outbreaks have occurred since, although these seem now not to be related to FMD. The only reported cases in 2010 were a false alarm from GIS Alex Baker, as proven false by the Florida Farm and Agricultural Department, and confirmed quarantine/slaughter of cattle and pigs has been reported from Miyazaki Prefecture in Japan in June after three cows tested positive. A total of some 270,000 cattle have been ordered slaughtered following the disease's outbreak.
Clinical signs.
The incubation period for foot-and-mouth disease virus has a range between two and 12 days. The disease is characterized by high fever that declines rapidly after two or three days, blisters inside the mouth that lead to excessive secretion of stringy or foamy saliva and to drooling, and blisters on the feet that may rupture and cause lameness. Adult animals may suffer weight loss from which they do not recover for several months, as well as swelling in the testicles of mature males, and in cows, milk production can decline significantly. Though most animals eventually recover from FMD, the disease can lead to myocarditis (inflammation of the heart muscle) and death, especially in newborn animals. Some infected animals remain asymptomatic, but they nonetheless carry FMD and can transmit it to others.
Evolution.
Of the seven serotypes of this virus, A, C, O, Asia 1, and SAT3 appear to be distinct lineages; SAT 1 and SAT 2 are unresolved clades. The mutation rate of the protein-encoding sequences of strains isolated between 1932 and 2007 has been estimated to be 1.46 × 10-3 substitutions/site/year, a rate similar to that of other RNA viruses. The most recent common ancestor appears to have evolved about 481 years ago (early 16th century). This ancestor then diverged into two clades which have given rise to the extant circulating Euro-Asiatic and South African. This event occurred around 1800. Skyline plot analysis shows a population expansion in the early 20th century, which was then followed by a rapid decline in population size in the late 20th century.
At least seven genotypes of serotype Asia 1 are known.
Transmission.
The FMD virus can be transmitted in a number of ways, including close-contact animal-to-animal spread, long-distance aerosol spread and fomites, or inanimate objects, typically fodder and motor vehicles. The clothes and skin of animal handlers, such as farmers, standing water, and uncooked food scraps and feed supplements containing infected animal products can harbor the virus, as well. Cows can also catch FMD from the semen of infected bulls. Control measures include quarantine and destruction of infected livestock, and export bans for meat and other animal products to countries not infected with the disease.
Just as humans may spread the disease by carrying the virus on their clothes and bodies, animals that are not susceptible to the disease may still aid in spreading it. This was the case in Canada in 1952, when an outbreak flared up again after dogs had carried off bones from dead animals. Wolves are thought to play a similar role in the former Soviet Union.
Foot-and-mouth disease infecting humans.
Humans can be infected with foot-and-mouth disease through contact with infected animals, but this is extremely rare. Some cases were caused by laboratory accidents. Because the virus that causes FMD is sensitive to stomach acid, it cannot spread to humans via consumption of infected meat, except in the mouth before the meat is swallowed. In the UK, the last confirmed human case occurred in 1966, and only a few other cases have been recorded in countries of continental Europe, Africa, and South America. Symptoms of FMD in humans include malaise, fever, vomiting, red ulcerative lesions (surface-eroding damaged spots) of the oral tissues, and sometimes vesicular lesions (small blisters) of the skin. According to a newspaper report, FMD killed two children in England in 1884, supposedly due to infected milk.
Another viral disease with similar symptoms, hand, foot and mouth disease, occurs more frequently in humans, especially in young children; the cause, Coxsackie A virus, is different from FMDV. Coxsackie viruses belong to the "Enteroviruses" within the Picornaviridae.
Because FMD rarely infects humans, but spreads rapidly among animals, it is a much greater threat to the agriculture industry than to human health. Farmers around the world can lose huge amounts of money during a foot-and-mouth epizootic, when large numbers of animals are destroyed, and revenues from milk and meat production go down.
Vaccination.
Like other viruses, the FMD virus continually evolves and mutates, thus one of the difficulties in vaccinating against it is the huge variation between, and even within, serotypes. There is no cross-protection between serotypes (a vaccine for one serotype will not protect against any others) and in addition, two strains within a given serotype may have nucleotide sequences that differ by as much as 30% for a given gene. This means FMD vaccines must be highly specific to the strain involved. Vaccination only provides temporary immunity that lasts from months to years.
Currently, the World Organisation for Animal Health recognizes countries to be in one of three disease states with regards to FMD: FMD present with or without vaccination, FMD-free with vaccination, and FMD-free without vaccination. Countries designated FMD-free without vaccination have the greatest access to export markets, so many developed nations, including Canada, the United States, and the UK, work hard to maintain their current status.
Reasons cited for restricting export from countries using FMD vaccines include, probably most importantly, routine blood tests relying on antibodies cannot distinguish between an infected and a vaccinated animal, which severely hampers screening of animals used in export products, risking a spread of FMD to importing countries. A widespread preventive vaccination would also conceal the existence of the virus in a country. From there, it could potentially spread to countries without vaccine programs. Lastly, an animal infected shortly after being vaccinated can harbor and spread FMD without showing symptoms itself, hindering containment and culling of sick animals as a remedy.
Many early vaccines used dead samples of FMDV to inoculate animals, but those early vaccines sometimes caused real outbreaks. In the 1970s, scientists discovered that a vaccine could be made using only a single key protein from the virus. The task was to produce enough quantities of the protein to be used in the vaccination. On June 18, 1981, the US government announced the creation of a vaccine targeted against FMD, the world's first genetically engineered vaccine.
The North American FMD Vaccine Bank is housed at the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory at Plum Island Animal Disease Center. The Center, located off the coast of Long Island, NY, is the only place in the United States where scientists can conduct research and diagnostic work on highly contagious animal diseases such as FMD. Because of this limitation, US companies working on FMD usually use facilities in other countries where such diseases are endemic.
Epizootics.
United States 1870-1929.
The US has had nine FMD outbreaks since it was first recognized on the northeastern coast in 1870; the most devastating happened in 1914. It originated from Michigan, but its entry into the stockyards in Chicago turned it into an epizootic. About 3,500 livestock herds were infected across the US, totaling over 170,000 cattle, sheep, and swine. The eradication came at a cost of US$4.5 million. A 1924 outbreak in California resulted not only in the slaughter of 109,000 farm animals, but also 22,000 deer.
The US had its latest FMD outbreak in Montebello, California, in 1929. This outbreak originated in hogs that had eaten infected meat scraps from a tourist steamship that had stocked meat in Argentina. Over 3,600 animals were slaughtered and the disease was contained in less than a month.
United Kingdom 1967.
In October 1967, a farmer in Shropshire reported a lame sow, which was later diagnosed with FMD. The source was believed to be remains of legally imported infected lamb from Argentina and Chile. The virus spread and, in total, 442,000 animals were slaughtered and the outbreak had an estimated cost of £370 million.
Taiwan 1997.
Taiwan had previous epidemics of FMD in 1913-14 and 1924–29, but had since been spared, and considered itself free of FMD as late as in the 1990s. On the 19th of March 1997, a sow at a farm in Hsinchu Prefecture, Taiwan, was diagnosed with a strain of FMD which only infects swine. Mortality was high, nearing 100% in the infected herd. The cause of the epidemic was not determined, but the farm was near a port city known for its pig-smuggling industry and illegal slaughterhouses. Smuggled swine or contaminated meat are thus likely sources of the disease.
The disease spread fast among swine herds in Taiwan, with 200-300 new farms being infected daily. Causes for this include the high swine density in the area, with up to 6,500 hogs per square mile, feeding of pigs with untreated garbage, and the farms' proximity to slaughterhouses. Other systemic issues, such as lack of laboratory facilities, slow response, and initial lack of a vaccination program, contributed. The farmers allegedly intentionally introduced FMD to their flocks, because the payment offered to farmers for culled swine was at the time higher than their market value.
A complicating factor is the endemic spread of swine vesicular disease (SVD) in Taiwan. The symptoms are indistinguishable from FMD, which may have led to previous misdiagnosing of FMD as SVD. Laboratory analysis was seldom used for diagnosis, and FMD may thus have gone unnoticed for some time.
The swine depopulation was a massive undertaking, with the military contributing substantial manpower. At peak capacity, 200,000 hogs per day were disposed of, mainly by electrocution. Carcasses were disposed of by burning and burial, but burning was avoided in water resource protection areas. In April, industrial incinerators were running around the clock to dispose of the carcasses.
Initially, 40,000 combined vaccine doses for the strains O-1, A-24, and Asia-1 were available and administered to zoo animals and valuable breeding hogs. At the end of March, half a million new doses for O-1 and Asia-1 were made available. On the May 3rd, 13 million doses of O-1 vaccine arrived, and both the March and May shipments were distributed free of charge. With a danger of vaccination crews spreading the disease, only trained farmers were allowed to administer the vaccine under veterinary supervision.
Taiwan had previously been the major exporter of pork to Japan, and among the top 15 pork producers in the world in 1996. During the outbreak, over 3.8 million swine were destroyed at a cost of US$6.9 billion. The Taiwanese pig industry was devastated as a result, and the export market was in ruins.
In 2007, Taiwan was considered free of FMD, but was still conducting a vaccination program, which restricts the export of meat from Taiwan.
United Kingdom 2001.
The epidemic of foot-and-mouth disease in the United Kingdom in the spring and summer of 2001 was caused by the "Type O pan Asia" strain of the disease. This episode resulted in more than 2,000 cases of the disease in farms throughout the British countryside. Around ten million sheep and cattle were killed in an eventually successful attempt to halt the disease. The County of Cumbria was the worst affected area of the country, with 843 cases. By the time the disease was halted in October 2001, the crisis was estimated to have cost Britain £8 billion ($13 billion) in costs to the agricultural and support industries, and to the outdoor industry. What made this outbreak so serious was the amount of time between infection being present at the first outbreak locus, and the time when countermeasures were put into operation against the disease, such as transport bans and detergent washing of both vehicles and personnel entering livestock areas. The epidemic was probably caused by pigs which had been fed infected garbage that had not been properly heat-sterilized. Further, the garbage is believed to have contained remains of infected meat had been illegally imported to Britain.
China 2005.
In April 2005, an Asia-1 strain of FMD appeared in the eastern provinces of Shandong and Jiangsu. During April and May, it spread to suburban Beijing, the northern province of Hebei, and the Xinjiang autonomous region in northwest China. On 13 May, China reported the FMD outbreak to the World Health Organization and the OIE. This was the first time China has publicly admitted to having FMD. China is still reporting FMD outbreaks. In 2007, reports filed with the OIE documented new or ongoing outbreaks in the provinces of Gansu, Qinghai and Xinjiang. This included reports of domestic yak showing signs of infection. FMD is endemic in pastoral regions of China from Heilongjiang Province in the northeast to Sichuan Province and the Tibetan Autonomous region in the southwest. Chinese domestic media reports often use a euphemism "Disease Number Five" (五号病 "wǔhàobìng") rather than FMD in reports because of the sensitivity of the FMD issue. In March 2010, "Southern Rural News" ("Nanfang Nongcunbao"), in an article "Breaking the Hoof and Mouth Disease Taboo", noted that FMD has long been covered up in China by referring to it that way. FMD is also called canker (口疮, literally "mouth ulcers" "kǒuchuāng") or hoof jaundice (蹄癀 "tíhuáng") in China, so information on FMD in China can be found online using those words as search terms. One can find online many provincial orders and regulations on FMD control antedating China's acknowledgment that the disease existed in China, for example Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region 1991 regulation on preventing the spread of Disease No.5.
United Kingdom 2007.
An infection of foot-and-mouth disease in the United Kingdom was confirmed by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, on 3 August 2007, on farmland located in Normandy, Surrey. All livestock in the vicinity were culled on 4 August. A nationwide ban on the movement of cattle and pigs was imposed, with a 3-km (1.9-mi) protection zone placed around the outbreak sites and the nearby virus research and vaccine production establishments, together with a 10-km (6.2-mi) increased surveillance zone.
On 4 August, the strain of the virus was identified as a "01 BFS67-like" virus, one linked to vaccines and not normally found in animals, and isolated in the 1967 outbreak. The same strain was used at the nearby Institute for Animal Health and Merial Animal Health Ltd at Pirbright, away, which is an American/French owned research facility, and was identified as a possible source of infection.
On 12 September, a new outbreak of the disease was confirmed in Egham, Surrey, from the original outbreak, with a second case being confirmed on a nearby farm on 14 September.
These outbreaks caused a cull of all at-risk animals in the area surrounding Egham, including two farms near to the famous four-star Hotel Great Fosters. These outbreaks also caused the closure of Windsor Great Park due to the park containing deer; the park remained closed for three months. On 19 September 2007, a suspected case of FMD was found in Solihull, where a temporary control zone was set up by Defra.
Japan and Korea 2010–2011.
In April 2010, a report of three incursions of FMD in Japan and South Korea led the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) to issue a call for increased global surveillance. Japan veterinary authorities confirmed an outbreak of type O FMD virus, currently more common in Asian countries where FMD is endemic.
South Korea was hit by the rarer type A FMD in January, and then suffered type O infection in April. The most serious case of foot-and-mouth outbreak in South Korea's history started in November 2010 in pig farms in Andong city of Gyeongsangbuk-do, and has since spread in the country rapidly. More than 100 cases of the disease have been confirmed in the country so far, and in January 2011, South Korean officials started a mass cull of approximately 12%, or around three million in total, of the entire domestic pig population, and 107,000 of three million cattle of the country to halt the outbreak.
On 10 Feb 2011, North Korea reported an outbreak affecting pigs in the region around Pyongyang, by then ongoing since at least December 2010. Efforts to control the outbreak have been hampered by illicit sales of infected meat.
Bulgaria 2011.
The outbreak was recognised when a wild boar was shot, which had crossed the Bulgarian-Turkish border near the village of Kosti, Burgas Province, in the Strandzha Mountains. The necropsy uncovered foot-and mouth disease. After this, 37 infected animals were discovered in the village of Kosti, and all susceptible animals there were culled. Burgas Province and seven other neighboring provinces declared a quarantine zone.
On 14 January, a further outbreak was discovered in the neighboring village of Rezovo, thought to have been carried by a Turkish cattle herd. On 17 January, the presence of the disease was confirmed. The Bulgarian authorities ordered culling of all susceptible livestock in Rezovo. Compensation for the losses in the two villages has been promised.
On 31 January, a third focus of infection was discovered in the southeastern Bulgarian village of Gramatikovo. On 25 March, two new outbreaks were discovered in the villages of Granichar and Kirovo.
Economic and ethical issues.
Epidemics of FMD have resulted in the slaughter of millions of animals, despite this being a frequently nonfatal disease for adult animals (2-5% mortality), though young animals can have a high mortality. The Taiwan outbreak that only affected pigs also showed a high mortality for adults. The destruction of animals is primarily to halt further spread, as growth and milk production may be permanently affected, even in animals that have recovered. Due to international efforts to eradicate the disease, infection would also lead to trade bans being imposed on affected countries. Critics of current policies to cull infected herds argue that the financial imperative needs to be balanced against the killing of many animals, especially when a significant proportion of infected animals, most notably those producing milk, would recover from infection and live normal lives, albeit with reduced milk production. On the ethical side, one must also consider FMD is a painful disease for the affected animals. The vesicles/blisters are painful in themselves, and restrict both eating and movement. Through ruptured blisters, the animal is at risk from secondary bacterial infections and, in some cases, permanent disability.

</doc>
<doc id="21438762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438762" title="Countess Anna of Nassau">
Countess Anna of Nassau

Countess Anna of Nassau (5 November 1563 – 13 June 1588) was a daughter of William the Silent and his second wife, Anna of Saxony. She was the wife of William Louis, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg.
Biography.
Anna and William Louis were married just after Anna's twenty fourth birthday on November 25, 1587. The marriage was however only a short one, Anna died only six months after the marriage; therefore, they had no children and William Louis never remarried. William Louis became Count of Nassau- Dillenburg.
Family.
Anna's mother, Anna of Saxony never had a happy marriage with Anna's father, William the Silent. Anna of Saxony was described as unstable and violent. She was unpopular with her family and the citizens.
Anna of Saxony took up with her lawyer, with whom she had an illegitimate daughter called Christina. After this incident, Anna and her siblings never saw their mother again. Anna of Saxony was sent to Beilstein castle with Christina, here her behavior became worse, until the servants were ordered to keep all knives away from her, lest she attack someone. Anna of Saxony began to suffer from hallucinations and violent outbursts. Christina was removed from her care and sent to be raised with her Anna and her siblings. William annulled their marriage, and remarried twice. Anna lived out the rest of her days in Dresden, until her death aged thirty-two in 1577.
Her father then married Charlotte of Bourbon, with whom he had six daughters. After her death in 1582, William married Louise de Coligny who gave birth to a son, Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange.
Among Anna's siblings were Maurice, Prince of Orange and Emilia of Nassau.

</doc>
<doc id="21438787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438787" title="Charles Knowles">
Charles Knowles

Charles Knowles is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21438791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438791" title="Reynaldo Garcia">
Reynaldo Garcia

Reynaldo Garcia (born April 15, 1974 in Nayua, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Texas Rangers from -.
Garcia spent all of the season on the disabled list and played for the independent Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League in the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21438795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438795" title="Big Pun">
Big Pun

Christopher Lee Rios (November 10, 1971 – February 7, 2000), better known by his stage name Big Pun (short for Big Punisher), was an American rapper and actor. Big Pun emerged from the underground hip hop scene in The Bronx borough of New York City, in the late 1990s. He first appeared on albums from The Beatnuts, on the track "Off the Books" in 1997, and on Fat Joe's second album "Jealous One's Envy" in 1995, prior to signing to Loud Records as a solo artist. Pun's lyrics are notable for technical efficiency, having minimal pauses to take a breath, heavy use of alliteration as well as internal and multi-syllabic rhyming schemes.
About.com ranked him #25 on its list of the 50 Greatest MCs of Our Time (1987–2007), while MTV2 ranked him #11 on its list of the "22 Greatest MCs." In 2012, "The Source" ranked him #19 on their list of the Top 50 Lyricists of All Time. An article from The Rolling Stones Magazine states, "Pun embodied all of the traits of a master wordsmith: melody, a unique flow, an unforgettable voice, humor, and lyrics that made other MCs go back to their black and white composition notebooks."
Biography.
Early life.
Rios was born on November 10, 1971 in The Bronx, New York City, United States, to parents of Puerto Rican descent. He grew up in the South Bronx neighborhood of the city. At the age of five, Rios broke his leg while playing in a park, which would later lead to a large settlement from the city. By all accounts from Pun's family, his early years were very difficult, including witnessing his mother's drug abuse and his father's death. According to his grandmother, Pun would become angry and self-destructive, punching holes in the walls of his family's apartment. Rios dropped out of high school and for some time was homeless staying in abandoned buildings.
Music career.
Sometime during the 1990s, he began to write rap lyrics, forming the Full-A-Clips crew with Triple Seis, and Cuban Link who was at the time named "Lyrical Assassin". At this point Big Pun was operating under the alias Big Moon Dawg. Rios met fellow Puerto Rican and Bronx rapper Fat Joe in 1995 and made his commercial debut on Joe's second album, Jealous One's Envy, in addition to appearing on a b-side to Joe's "Envy" single, "Fire Water."
Later, "I'm Not a Player" (featuring an O'Jays sample) was supported by a significant advertising campaign and became an underground hit.
Capital Punishment.
In 1997, producer Knobody's production partner Sean C took advantage of his new role as A&R at Loud Records to play Knobody's tracks to Big Pun. Suitably impressed the rapper hired Knobody to remix "I'm Not a Player". The remixed song, featuring Joe and titled "Still Not a Player," became Big Pun's first major mainstream hit and major breakthrough for Knobody. The full-length debut "Capital Punishment" followed in 1998, and became the first album by a solo Latino rapper to go platinum, peaking at #5 on the Billboard 200. "Capital Punishment" was also nominated for a Grammy. Pun's second album "Yeeeah Baby", although not as successful as his first also went platinum producing two solid hits in "It's So Hard" and "100%".
Big Pun became a member of Terror Squad, a New York-based group of rappers founded by Fat Joe, with most of the roster supplied by the now-defunct Full a Clips Crew who released their debut album "The Album" in 1999. The album didn't fare well commercially but it was well received critically and the album was meant to start the foundation for all other Terror Squad members to release their solo projects.
Death.
Excluding his adolescence, Big Pun struggled with a weight problem for most of his life; his weight fluctuated in the early 1990s between obese and morbidly obese. Big Pun partook in a weight-loss program in North Carolina in which he lost , but he eventually quit the program before completing it, returning to New York and gaining back the weight he had lost.
On February 7, 2000, Big Pun suffered a fatal heart attack and respiratory failure while temporarily staying with family at a Crowne Plaza Hotel in White Plains, New York, during a home renovation. Pun was pronounced dead at the hospital after paramedics could not revive him. Big Pun was at his highest weight at the time of his death: . He was cremated a few days later. Big Pun is survived by his wife, Liza, and their three children, Amanda (born 1991), Vanessa (born 1993), and Christopher (born 1994).
His son Christopher started rapping in 2012. Having initially used the name, "Baby Pun", he made the change to "Chris Rivers" in order to create an individual identity for himself as an artist.
Posthumous works.
His second album, "Yeeeah Baby", completed before his death, was issued as scheduled in April 2000. It peaked at #3 on the Billboard charts and earned gold record status within three months of its release. A posthumous compilation album, "Endangered Species", was released in April 2001. "Endangered Species" collected some of Pun's "greatest hits," previously unreleased material, numerous guest appearances, and remixed "greatest verses." As with his other albums, it also peaked in the top ten of the Billboard 200, reaching #7, but didn't sell as much as the previous Pun albums had.
Big Punisher was featured with Fat Joe on "Duets: The Final Chapter", an album of tracks featuring the Notorious B.I.G, also deceased. The track "Get Your Grind On" begins with a Big Pun radio interview in which he said he would perform a duet with Biggie at the gates of heaven. Punisher was also featured on a track from the revived Terror Squad's second album, "True Story," on the track "Bring 'Em Back" with Big L.
On May 2, 2001, a Bronx City Council committee stalled plans to rename a small portion of Rogers Place in honor of Big Pun because of distaste over Big Pun's lyrics, which according to "The New York Times" "include profanity and references to violence and drug dealing".
Sony Music Entertainment has been considering releasing a second posthumous album featuring unreleased material, but the project is being delayed by Sony. Liza Rios also held an auction in 2005 for her deceased husband's Terror Squad medallion, citing financial difficulties in the wake of Pun's death, and again claiming to have not received any royalty checks for Pun's posthumous album sales (save for a small check from the sales of "Endangered Species").
"Big Pun: The Legacy" documentary.
A tribute documentary "" was released on September 15, 2009. The film contains multiple interviews with artists, actors, close friends and others whose lives were touched by Big Pun, as well as rare exclusive performances and scene interviews with Big Pun himself. The film also features appearances by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Snoop Dogg, DMX, Method Man, U-God, Liza Rios, Xzibit, Cuban Link, Swizz Beatz, DJ Skribble, Chino XL, Redman, papoose, Sticky Fingaz, Ghostface Killah, Raekwon, Killer Mike and many more. The film was directed by Vlad Yudin, and is distributed through Vivendi Universal and The Soundtrack is released through Legacy Recordings/Columbia Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21438802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438802" title="Marcus Adams (Canadian football)">
Marcus Adams (Canadian football)

Marcus Adams (born July 20, 1979 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a Canadian football defensive tackle who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos. He was originally signed by the Roughriders as an undrafted free agent in 2003 and played 8 seasons there before being released. He played college football at Eastern Kentucky.
Adams was signed by the Eskimos on April 20, 2011.
Adams was released by the Eskimos on June 25, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21438807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438807" title="Oncology">
Oncology

Oncology is a branch of medicine that deals with cancer. A medical professional who practices oncology is an "oncologist".
Oncology is concerned with:
Diagnosis.
Medical histories remain an important screening tool: the character of the complaints and nonspecific symptoms (such as fatigue, weight loss, unexplained anemia, fever of unknown origin, paraneoplastic phenomena and other signs) may warrant further investigation for malignancy. Occasionally, a physical examination may reveal the location of a malignancy.
Diagnostic methods include:
Apart from diagnoses, these modalities (especially imaging by CT scanning) are often used to determine operability, i.e. whether it is surgically possible to remove a tumor in its entirety.
Currently, a tissue diagnosis (from a biopsy) by a pathologist is essential for the proper classification of cancer and to guide the next step of treatment. On extremely rare instances when this is not possible, "empirical therapy" (without an exact diagnosis) may be considered, based on the available evidence (e.g. history, x-rays and scans.)
On very rare occasions, a metastatic lump or pathological lymph node is found (typically in the neck) for which a primary tumor cannot be found. However, immunohistochemical markers often give a strong indication of the primary malignancy. This situation is referred to as "malignacy of unknown primary", and again, treatment is empirical based on past experience of the most likely origin.
Therapy.
Depending upon the cancer identified, followup and palliative care will be administered at that time. Certain disorders (such as ALL or AML) will require immediate admission and chemotherapy, while others will be followed up with regular physical examination and blood tests.
Often, surgery is attempted to remove a tumor entirely. This is only feasible when there is some degree of certainty that the tumor can in fact be removed. When it is certain that parts will remain, curative surgery is often impossible, e.g. when there are metastases elsewhere, or when the tumor has invaded a structure that cannot be operated upon without risking the patient's life. Occasionally surgery can improve survival even if not all tumour tissue has been removed; the procedure is referred to as "debulking" (i.e. reducing the overall amount of tumour tissue). Surgery is also used for the palliative treatment of some of cancers, e.g. to relieve biliary obstruction, or to relieve the problems associated with some cerebral tumors. The risks of surgery must be weighed against the benefits.
Chemotherapy and radiotherapy are used as a first-line radical therapy in a number of malignancies. They are also used for adjuvant therapy, i.e. when the macroscopic tumor has already been completely removed surgically but there is a reasonable statistical risk that it will recur. Chemotherapy and radiotherapy are commonly used for palliation, where disease is clearly incurable: in this situation the aim is to improve the quality of life and to prolong it
Hormone manipulation is well established, particularly in the treatment of breast and prostate cancer.
There is currently a rapid expansion in the use of monoclonal antibody treatments, notably for lymphoma (Rituximab), and breast cancer (Trastuzumab).
Vaccine and other immunotherapies are the subject of intensive research.
Palliative care.
Approximately 50% of all cancer cases in the Western world can be treated to remission with radical treatment. For pediatric patients, that number is much higher. A large number of cancer patients will die from the disease, and a significant proportion of patients with incurable cancer will die of other causes. There may be ongoing issues with symptom control associated with progressive cancer, and also with the treatment of the disease. These problems may include pain, nausea, anorexia, fatigue, immobility, and depression. Not all issues are strictly physical: personal dignity may be affected. Moral and spiritual issues are also important.
While many of these problems fall within the remit of the oncologist, palliative care has matured into a separate, closely allied speciality to address the problems associated with advanced disease. Palliative care is an essential part of the multidisciplinary cancer care team. Palliative care services may be less hospital-based than oncology, with nurses and doctors who are able to visit the patient at home.
Ethical issues.
There are a number of recurring "ethical questions" and "dilemmas" in oncological practice. These include:
These issues are closely related to the patients' personality, religion, culture, and family life. Though these issues are complex and emotional, the answers are often achieved by the patient seeking counsel from trusted personal friends and advisors. It requires a degree of sensitivity and very good communication on the part of the oncology team to address these problems properly.
Progress and research.
There is a tremendous amount of research being conducted on all frontiers of oncology, ranging from cancer cell biology, radiation therapy to chemotherapy treatment regimens and optimal palliative care and pain relief. In the past decade, the advent of next-generation sequencing and whole-genome sequencing has completely changed our understanding of cancers. Identification of novel genetic/molecular markers will dramatically change how we diagnose and treat cancer, which will pave the way for personalized medicine.
Therapeutic trials often involve patients from many different hospitals in a particular region. In the UK, patients are often enrolled in large studies coordinated by Cancer Research UK (CRUK), Medical Research Council (MRC), the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) or the National Cancer Research Network (NCRN).
Specialties.
There are several sub-specialties within oncology. Moreover, oncologists often develop an interest and expertise in the management of particular types of cancer.
Oncologists may be divided on the basis of the type of treatment provided or whether their role is primarily diagnostic.
In the United Kingdom and several other countries, oncologists may be either "clinical" or "medical oncologists". The main difference is that clinical oncologists deliver radiotherapy, while medical oncologists do not. In North America, the terms, "radiation oncologist" and "medical oncologist" are more frequent.
In most countries it is now common that patients are treated by a multidisciplinary team. These teams meet on a regular basis and discuss the patients under their care. These teams consist of the medical oncologist, a clinical oncologist or radiotherapist, a surgeon (sometimes there is a second reconstructive surgeon), a radiologist, a pathologist, an organ specific specialist such as a gynecologist or dermatologist, and sometimes the general practitioner is also involved. These disease oriented teams are sometimes in conflict with the general organisation and operation in hospitals. Historically hospitals are organised in an organ or technique specific manner. Multidisciplinary teams operate over these borders and it is sometimes difficult to define who is in charge.
In veterinary medicine, veterinary oncology is the sub-specialty that deals with cancer diagnosis and treatment in animals.

</doc>
<doc id="21438812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438812" title="Julian Piotrowiak">
Julian Piotrowiak

Julian "Julo" Piotrowiak, born April 29, 1970. Former bass guitarist of Pidżama Porno, where he played with his cousin, Rafal Piotrowiak. After breaking up of the band works as a bass guitar teacher in Poznań. Married.

</doc>
<doc id="21438820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438820" title="Abe Wolstenholme">
Abe Wolstenholme

Abraham Lincoln "Abe" Wolstenholme (March 4, 1861 – March 4, 1916) was a professional baseball player. He appeared in three games in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Quakers in the 1883 season, two as a catcher and one as a left fielder. In three career games, he had one hit in 11 at-bats. 
Wolstenholme was born and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21438822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438822" title="Monte Cusna">
Monte Cusna

Monte Cusna is the 2nd highest peak in the northern Apennines after Monte Cimone. But, it is much steeper and more remote. It is located along the Appennino Crest Trail (A00) between Cerreto and Lagastrello Passes, with an altitude of . The mountain is also known as Uomo Morto (Italian: "Dead Man"), "Uomo che Dorme" ("Sleeping Man") or "Il Gigante" ("The Giant") for its appearance, resembling a lying man.
The peak is situated in the "comune" of Villa Minozzo, some 3 kilometers from the boundary of Emilia Romagna with Tuscany. It contains a population of Alpine marmots, as well as, herds of semi-wild horses that graze on its slopes.
Territory and natural attractions
The imposing mountain range, visible from the Po Valley, is formed by the Monte Cusna and secondary peaks of the Sasso of the Dead (2078 m) and Mount La Piella (2071 m). The mountain ridge forms the characteristic profile that resembles that of a man stretched out, said Dead Man or Giant. From the latter name is named after the protected area of the former Gigante Park, now part of the National Park of the Tuscan-Emilian Apennines. It lies to the north of the main ridge of the Apennines between Tuscany and Emilia, separated by the valley of the river Ozola.
Abetina Reale
Abetina Reale is a coniferous forest that grows on the eastern side of the Cusna, on the right side of the High Valley Dolo river, and extends to the Apennine ridge. The forest is characterized by ancient specimens of white spruce survived centuries of forest exploitation. 
Prati di Sara (Sara meadows)
Surrounded by beech, Prati di Sara is a beautiful high moorland that stretches along the west side of the mountain, especially impressive during flowering and autumn. The name comes from a character from history and legend, a housekeeper, it is said of a concubine of the Marquis of Piolo Bernardi, who possessed Casalino from mid-seventeenth century.to the end of the eighteenth century. 
Cascate del Lavacchiello 
The Rio Lavacchiello born near Lago del Caricatore in the area of Prati di Sara and descends along the west side of the mountain to the valley of the river Ozola. The steep slope gives rise to a series of waterfalls, spectacular especially in spring during the melting of snow and autumn.
Costa Veline 
On the south-west of the mountain is Costa Veline, a large forest of beech, the most important of the National Park of the Tuscan-Emilian Apennines, which preserves ancient trees.
Excursions
Mount Cusna is particularly interesting from the natural point of view and has many paths and refuges:
- "Rifugio Cesare Battisti" (1759 m). Refuge of the Club Alpino Italiano, is located in the south-west side of the mountain near of the Lama Lite. Reachable from Civago via the path 605 through Abetina Reale, from Pian Vallese (Febbio) via the path 607 of the Passone or via the path 629 Valley dell'Ozola (Ligonchio).
- "Rifugio Bargetana" (1740 m), is located on the 633 trail near the lake at the foot of Monte Prado.
- "Rifugio Segheria" (1410 m). Place in the middle reach of the Abetina Reale, Civago with trail 605.
- "Rifugio S. Leonardo" (1240 m). Restored ancient hospital of the twelfth century. It is located on Dolo river, on the path between 605A Abetina Reale, Civago.
- "Rifugio Monte Orsaro" (1300 m). It is located in Monte Orsaro and can be reached by car. Starting point for hiking and Mount Cusna and mountains Prampa and CISA.
- "Rifugio Peschiera Zamboni" (1151 m). Place in Ronco Pianigi near Febbio can be reached by car. Starting point of the path 617 for Mount Cusna.
Ski resort
On the north side, the resort of Febbio is equipped for alpine skiing, snowboarding and cross country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="21438839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438839" title="Golliwog">
Golliwog

The golliwog, golliwogg or golly was a black character in children's books in the late 19th century usually depicted as a type of rag doll. It was reproduced, both by commercial and hobby toy-makers as a children's toy called the "golliwog", and had great popularity in Europe and Australia into the 1970s. The doll is characterised by black skin, eyes rimmed in white, clown lips and frizzy hair. While home-made golliwogs were sometimes female, the golliwog was generally male. For this reason, in the period following World War II, the golliwog was seen, along with the teddy bear, as a suitable soft toy for a young boy.
The image of the doll has become the subject of heated debate. While some see the golliwog as a cherished cultural artifact and childhood tradition, others argue that the golliwog is a destructive instance of racism against people of African descent, along with pickaninnies, minstrels, mammy figures, and other caricatures, and it has been described as "the least known of the major anti-Black caricatures in the United States". In recent years, changing political attitudes with regard to race have reduced the popularity and sales of golliwogs as toys. Manufacturers who have used golliwogs as a motif have either withdrawn them as an icon, or changed the name. In particular, the association of the golliwog with the pejorative term "wog" has resulted in use of alternative names such as "golly" and "golly doll".
History.
Florence Kate Upton was born in 1873 in Flushing, New York, the daughter of English parents who had emigrated to the United States three years previously. Following the death of her father, she moved back to England with her mother and sisters when she was fourteen. There she spent several years drawing and developing her artistic skills. In order to afford tuition to art school, she illustrated a children's book entitled "The Adventures of Two Dutch Dolls and a Golliwogg." The 1895 book included a character named the Golliwogg, who was first described as "a horrid sight, the blackest gnome", but who quickly turned out to be a friendly character, and is later attributed with a "kind face." A product of the blackface minstrel tradition, the Golliwogg had jet black skin; bright, red lips; and wild, woolly hair. He wore red trousers, a shirt with a stiff collar, red bow-tie, and a blue jacket with tails — all traditional minstrel attire.
Upton's book and its many sequels were extremely successful in England, largely because of the popularity of the Golliwogg. Upton did not trademark her character, and its name, spelled "golliwog", became the generic name for dolls and images of a similar type. The golliwog doll became a popular children's toy throughout most of the 20th century, and was incorporated into many aspects of British commerce and culture; for instance, some of Enid Blyton's books feature them, often as a villain and sometimes as heroes. Upton's Golliwogg was jovial, friendly and gallant, but some later golliwogs were sinister or menacing characters.
The golliwog contributed enormously to the spread of blackface iconography in Europe. It also made its way back across the Atlantic in the form of children's literature, dolls, children's china and other toys, ladies' perfume, and jewellery.
British jam manufacturer James Robertson & Sons used a golliwog called Golly as its mascot from 1910, after John Robertson apparently saw children playing with golliwog dolls in America. Robertson's started producing promotional Golly badges in the 1920s, which could be obtained in exchange for tokens gained from their products. In 1983, the company's products were boycotted by the Greater London Council as offensive, and in 1988 the character ceased to be used in television advertising. The company used to give away Golly badges and small plaster figures playing musical instruments or sports and other such themes. The badge collection scheme was withdrawn in 2001.
According to an editorial in "The Times" newspaper golliwogs were banned in Germany in 1934, on the grounds they were inappropriate toys for children.
In a statement reported by the BBC, Virginia (Ginny) C. Knox, previously brand director for Robertson's and later Chief Operating Officer of the Culinary Brands Division of RHM, told The Herald Newspaper in Scotland in 2001 that the decision to remove the Golly symbol from Robertson's jam and marmalade jars was taken after research found that children were not familiar with the character, although it still appealed to the older generations. "We sell 45 million jars of jam and marmalade each year and they have pretty much all got Golly on them," said Ms Knox. "We also sell 250,000 Golly badges to collectors and only get 10 letters a year from people who don't like the Golliwog image." Today, Robertson's Golly badges remain highly collectible, with the very rarest sometimes selling for more than £1,000.
An aniseed flavoured chewy confection called a Blackjack was marketed in the United Kingdom from the 1920s with a golliwog's face on the wrapper. In the late 1980s, Trebor, the manufacturer, replaced the image with the face of a black-bearded pirate.
The noted art historian Sir Kenneth Clark said that the golliwogs of his childhood were, "examples of chivalry, far more persuasive than the unconvincing Knights of the Arthurian legend."
A classic Contortionist act is the Rag doll act often performed in a golliwogg costume, therefore also called the golliwogg act. 
Golliwog as racist insult.
After the publication of Upton's first book, the term "golliwog" was used both as a reference to the children's toy and as a generic slang term for black people. In the UK and the Commonwealth, "golliwog" perhaps became "wog," a racial slur applied to dark-skinned people worldwide.
In Australia many young people of Greek, Italian, and other Mediterranean descent have reclaimed the name "wog" as a humorous identifier. An example of this from Australian popular culture is the 2000 movie "The Wog Boy" starring the actor Nick Giannopoulos.
In the early 1980s, revised editions of Enid Blyton's Noddy books replaced Mr. Golly, the golliwog proprietor of the Toytown garage, with a visibly white character named Mr. Sparks.
In March 2007, Greater Manchester Police seized two golliwogs from a shop after a complaint that the dolls were offensive. In September 2007, retail chain Zara put a T-shirt on sale in its UK stores with a little girl resembling a golliwog printed in the front. The design spurred controversy, coming only weeks after the company had been forced to pull a swastika-emblazoned handbag from its shelves, although the swastika is also a religious symbol for Hindus and Buddhists.
In September 2008, Amanda Schofield from Stockport claimed she was arrested for keeping a "golly doll" in her window. Greater Manchester Police denied this and said she was arrested after a series of complaints of alleged racially-aggravated behaviour were made against her.
In February 2009, Carol Thatcher, daughter of Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister, in an off-air conversation at the BBC, referred to the black French tennis player Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, competing in the Australian Open, as looking like a golliwog. The comment was considered by the BBC as "wholly unacceptable" and Thatcher was informed that unless she apologized she would no longer be a reporter on BBC's "The One Show". Thatcher stated that it was a silly joke and declined to make an "unconditional apology". Thatcher claimed that her comment was a reference to the golliwog motifs that she saw in her childhood on "jars of jam" (i.e. Robertson's Marmalade). In April 2009 she appeared on the BBC in an interview on "The Andrew Marr Show" for the first time since the scandal, defending her use of the word. The French publication "Sportsweek"' claimed that Thatcher, in talking about a previous competition, referred to another player as "the one who was defeated by the "golliwog" in the previous tour." The French publication, which showed a picture of Tsonga above a picture of a toy golliwog, claimed that Thatcher was "mortified" and that her comment was about the similarity of Tsonga's appearance to the doll that she had as a child.
In March 2011, two prospective Conservative local councillors resigned from the party after their membership was suspended following complaints from fellow party members that they had used images of golliwogs as part of a protest against political correctness. Bill and Star Etheridge, a married couple from the West Midlands who were due to stand in council elections for the Dudley borough, criticised the Conservative Party for going back on a pre-election pledge to curb political correctness, and felt that the action taken against them was "stifling" the right to free speech. They then defected to the UK Independence Party.
In December 2013, a councillor in Brighton, UK, was forced to apologise for stating to a newspaper reporter that golliwogs were not racist. Cllr Dawn Barnett was defending a local shop which was selling golliwog drinks mats. In her opinion, "I said I can see no harm in them. They are nostalgic, I'm 72 years old. My generation grew up with them." Bert Williams, speaking on behalf of Brighton and Hove Black History Group, said the word "golliwog" was historically used to tease black people, of which he had personal experience. In the same month in Toowoomba, Australia, Darrell Lea Chocolate Shop made no comment when customers complained about their sale of golliwogs. The Australian toy manufacturer Elka continues to 'proudly' produce golliwogs and supplies them to Darrell Lea.

</doc>
<doc id="21438849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438849" title="Maarn railway station">
Maarn railway station

Maarn is a railway station in the centre of Maarn and next to the A12, the Netherlands. The station opened on 15 March 1845 and is located on the Amsterdam–Arnhem railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The station was moved 1 km east in 1972, and in 2005 had an approximately 1,590 passengers per day.
Several kilometres further the Kesteren–Amersfoort railway branches off to Veenendaal and Rhenen.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Maarn:
Bus service.
Operated by Connexxion
This service stops 200m east of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="21438855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438855" title="Mooning">
Mooning

Mooning is the art of displaying one's bare buttocks by removing clothing, e.g., by lowering the backside of one's trousers and underpants, usually bending over, whether also exposing the genitals or not. Mooning is used mostly in the English-speaking world to express protest, scorn, disrespect, or provocation but can also simply be done for shock value or fun. Some jurisdictions regard mooning to be indecent exposure, sometimes depending on the context. Mooning often is taken further, where it turns from gesture to assault. This is known as a "pressed ham", where the said person forces his buttocks onto the face of the victim or a window.
Word history.
"Moon" has been a common shape-metaphor for the buttocks in English since 1743, and the verb "to moon" has meant 'to expose to (moon)light' since 1601. As documented by McLaren, "'mooning', or exposing one's butt to shame an enemy [...] had a long pedigree in peasant culture" throughout the Middle Ages, and in many nations.
Formerly, "mooning" was slang for "wandering idly" and "romantically pining."
Although the practice of mooning was widespread by the 19th century, the "Oxford English Dictionary" dates the use of "moon" and "mooning" to describe the act to student slang of the 1960s, when the gesture became increasingly popular among students at universities in the United States.
Mooning incidents.
The legal position related to mooning varies between jurisdictions; some consider it indecent exposure while others classify it as legal self-expression. 
In various countries and cultures.
Senegal.
Patrick Devine, 19, from County Donegal, Ireland was arrested on 27 July 2007 for allegedly dropping his trousers as a dare in Saint Louis, Senegal. Devine, a student of Queens University Belfast, spent one month in jail for his actions.
Greece.
In 2003 two British tourists were convicted and fined €920 each on indecent exposure charges for mooning.
New Zealand.
Whakapohane is the Māori practice of baring one's buttocks with the intent to offend. It is as offensive in Māori as in Pākehā culture — symbolises the birthing act, and renders the recipient "noa" ("base").
United States.
In 2006, a Maryland state circuit court determined that mooning is a form of artistic expression protected by the First Amendment as a form of speech. The court ruled that indecent exposure relates only to exposure of the genitals, adding that even though mooning was a "disgusting" and "demeaning" act to engage in, and had taken place in the presence of a minor, "If exposure of half of the buttocks constituted indecent exposure, any woman wearing a thong at the beach at Ocean City would be guilty."
Defense attorneys had cited a 1983 case of a woman who was arrested after protesting in front of the U.S. Supreme Court building wearing nothing but a cardboard sign that covered the front of her body. In that case, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals had ruled that indecent exposure is limited to a person's genitalia. No review of the case by a higher court took place since prosecutors dropped the case after the ruling.
In California, an appellate court found in 2000 that mooning does not constitute indecent exposure (and, therefore, does not subject the defendant to sex offender registration laws) unless it can be proven beyond reasonable doubt that the conduct was sexually motivated.

</doc>
<doc id="21438871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438871" title="Mercy Dee Walton">
Mercy Dee Walton

Mercy Dee Walton (August 3, 1915 – December 2, 1962) was an American jump blues pianist, singer and songwriter, whose compositions went from blues to R&B numbers. According to journalist Tony Russell in his book "The Blues - From Robert Johnson to Robert Cray", "Walton created a series of memorable blues about the unattractiveness of rural life, sardonically aimed at the black migrant workers in southern California who constituted his typical audience".
Biography.
Born in Waco, Texas, United States, he moved to California just before World War II. He started playing piano at age 13 and learned his style from many of the ten-cent party house pianists that played out in the country on weekends. To make ends meet, he had to earn his living in the fields chopping cotton, picking grapes or cutting spinach. During this time, the musician who impressed Walton the most was Delois Maxey, who never had an opportunity to record. In 1949, Walton made his first record for the small record label, Spire Records in Fresno. The track was "Lonesome Cabin Blues". Shortly after that, he had a national hit on Specialty Records with "One Room Country Shack", now considered a blues standard. After that success, he was able to start working as a musician full time, and he toured with the jump blues band of Big Jay McNeely.
A half dozen tracks recorded for the Flair Records label in 1955, included "Come Back Maybellene," a sequel to Chuck Berry's then-current hit, "Maybellene".
In 1961, Arhoolie Records released an album recorded in Stockton, California entitled "Mercy Dee". Featured with him was Sidney Maiden on harmonica, K. C. Douglas on electric guitar and Otis Cherry playing the drums.
Walton died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Murphy, California the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="21438887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438887" title="KCTB-LP">
KCTB-LP

"This article is about the now silent KCTB-LP, but is left for archival reasons."
KCTB-LP (94.1 FM) was a radio station licensed to serve Lonepine, Montana. The station is owned and operated by Confederated Salish & Kootenai Tribes Disaster and Emergency Services. KCTB-LP aired a classic country music format and provided emergency information coverage to its service area. Its license was cancelled on 1 July 2009.
An earlier KCTB-FM in Cut Bank, Montana on 102.7 FM had its license cancelled in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21438892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438892" title="Granja">
Granja

Granja may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438896" title="The Regiment (video game)">
The Regiment (video game)

The Regiment is a computer game that was released by Konami in 2006. It is based on the Special Air Service, and includes all the tactics that the S.A.S. use and some real-life missions. 

</doc>
<doc id="21438904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438904" title="Fort Franklin">
Fort Franklin

Fort Franklin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438914" title="Siebenkäs">
Siebenkäs

Siebenkäs is a German Romantic novel by Jean Paul, published in Berlin in three volumes between 1796-1797.
As is common for Romantic novels of the period, the original title "Flower, Fruit, and Thorn Pieces; or, the Married Life, Death, and Wedding of Siebenkäs, Poor Man's Lawyer" is somewhat verbose, and commonly is abbreviated simply as, "Siebenkäs".
Plot.
As the title suggests, the story concerns the life of Firmian Stanislaus Siebenkäs and is told in a comedic style. Unhappily married, Siebenkäs goes to consult his friend, Leibgeber, who, in reality, is his alter ego, or Doppelgänger (a word of Jean Paul's own invention). Leibgeber convinces Siebenkäs to fake his own death, in order to begin a new life. Siebenkäs takes the advice of his alter ego, and soon meets the beautiful Natalie. The two fall in love; hence, the "wedding after death" noted in the title.

</doc>
<doc id="21438915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438915" title="David W. Whitlock">
David W. Whitlock

Dr. David Wesley Whitlock is the 15th president of Oklahoma Baptist University beginning his service on November 1, 2008. A longtime college administrator and faculty member, Whitlock is noted for his emphasis on the integration of faith and learning.
Background.
A fifth-generation Oklahoman, Whitlock was born in Purcell and graduated from Wayne High School in Wayne, OK. He completed a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Southeastern Oklahoma State University in 1984, a master of business administration from Southeastern in 1985, and a doctorate in educational leadership and policy studies from the University of Oklahoma in 1995. Whitlock previously served as associate provost at SBU since 2006, a position responsible for accreditation activities with the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. Whitlock aided in SBU’s 10-year review process for continued accreditation during the 2005-06 school year. In 2007, Whitlock also was appointed dean of SBU’s adult and off-campus programs. From 2001-06, he served as assistant to SBU President C. Pat Taylor for strategic planning. 
Whitlock has played an active role in international programs and missions endeavors, working with educational organizations in the United Arab Emirates, China and Russia. He has traveled extensively visiting, serving on mission teams, or leading educational tours in thirty countries. Active in a variety of professional organizations, Whitlock has served as a consultant-evaluator with the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools since 2006. He also is an evaluator and mentor with the Association of Collegiate Business Schools and Programs.
Employment History.
Whitlock previously was associate provost, dean of graduate studies, and dean of the college of business and computer science at Southwest Baptist University in Bolivar, Missouri. He joined the SBU administration in 1999, and also was a professor of business at the Missouri Baptist institution. Prior to his work at SBU, he taught for 14 years at Southeastern Oklahoma State University. He was appointed to the Southeastern faculty in 1985 as an instructor of business. He was promoted to assistant professor in 1991 and associate professor in 1996. He was named chair of the university’s business information management program in 1995 and served in that role until moving to SBU. In addition to his academic work, Whitlock served as a bivocational co-pastor of Wellspring Baptist Fellowship in Bolivar, Mo., from 1999 until his move to OBU in 2008. He was bivocational pastor of Silo Baptist Church in Silo, Okla., from 1996–99, and Hendrix Baptist Church in Hendrix, Oklahoma, from 1993-94. He was licensed to preach by the First Baptist Church of Durant and ordained at Hendrix Baptist Church.
Author.
Whitlock is the author of the book "Opportunity: Introducing Free Enterprise and Business". He has been co-author or editor of three books related to business: "A Noble Calling: Devotions and Essays for Business Professionals"; "Psalm 15: Integrating Life and Work"; and "Solomon Was a Businessman: Advice from the Wealthiest Man on Earth". He also has been a contributing writer for numerous other works.
Education.
B.S. Chemistry, Southeastern Oklahoma State University
MBA, Southeastern Oklahoma State University
Ph.D., University of Oklahoma

</doc>
<doc id="21438932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438932" title="Langstroth">
Langstroth

Langstroth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438952" title="Jardin aux Plantes la Bouichère">
Jardin aux Plantes la Bouichère

The Jardin aux Plantes la Bouichère (2 hectares) is a private botanical garden specializing in fragrant plants. It is located on the banks of the Aude River in the Domaine de Flassian, Rue Dewoitine, Limoux, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France, and open Wednesday through Sunday in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was created circa 2001, and now contains some 2,500 perennials, shrubs, and trees, with a focus on aromatic plants, including 60 types of salvia and 30 types of mint. The garden is organized into a number of small areas: an exotic garden, garden of colors, vegetable garden, rose garden, moon garden, medieval garden, orchard, nursery, and vineyard. It also contains a collection of conifers and grasses, as well as an aviary of birds from Australia, Asia, and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="21438961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438961" title="Duke Pius August in Bavaria">
Duke Pius August in Bavaria

Duke "Pius August" in Bavaria, full German name: "Pius August Herzog in Bayern" (born 1 August 1786 in Landshut, Electorate of Bavaria; died 3 August 1837 in Bayreuth, Kingdom of Bavaria) was a Duke in Bavaria as a member of the Palatine Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen line of the House of Wittelsbach. Pius August was a grandfather of Empress Elisabeth of Austria through his son Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria.
Early life.
Born in Landshut, Pius August was the third child of Duke Wilhelm in Bavaria and his wife Countess Palatine Maria Anna of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld.
Marriage and issue.
Pius August married Princess Amélie Louise of Arenberg, daughter of Duke Louis Marie of Arenberg and his wife Marie Adélaïde Julie de Mailly, dame d'Ivry-sur-Seine, on 26 May 1807 in Brussels. Pius August and Amélie Louise had one son:
Later life.
In 1815, Pius August became an honorary member of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities. He loved to travel.

</doc>
<doc id="21438970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438970" title="Daryl Hunt">
Daryl Hunt

Daryl Lynn Hunt (November 3, 1956, Odessa, Texas – July 9, 2010 Houston, Texas) was a professional American football player, a linebacker for six seasons for the Houston Oilers appearing in 78 career regular season games after being selected by Houston during the 6th round of the 1979 NFL Draft.
University.
Hunt is considered one of the best University of Oklahoma football players of the Barry Switzer era. Hunt played linebacker and remains the OU career record-holder for tackles, 530. He had three of the best six single-season tackle totals (157 in 1978, 159 in 1977 and 177 in 1976). He earned all-Big Eight status three-times and was selected as an All-American in 1977 and 1978.
High school.
Born in Ector County of the Texas west, Hunt was the son of educators in Odessa, Texas, and the first African-American to play football at Texas football powerhouse Odessa Permian High School.
Death.
Hunt died of a massive heart attack while jogging in Houston on July 9, 2010 at the age of 53.

</doc>
<doc id="21438974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438974" title="Thomas Gascoigne (academic)">
Thomas Gascoigne (academic)

Thomas Gascoigne (1404–1458) was an English medieval theologian and academic administrator. He was twice Vice-Chancellor and twice Chancellor of Oxford University.
Thomas was born in Hunslet, near Leeds, only son to the lord of the manor at Leeds, Richard Gasgoigne and his wife Beatrix. Thomas's inheritance on Richard's death in 1422 gave him a reasonable degree of financial security throughout his life. He studied at Oxford from 1416 to 1420; was ordained a priest in 1427; and was appointed to the rectory of Kirk Deighton (about 15 miles north-west of Hunslet) in July 1433 (from which he resigned in 1443, apparently because his duties at Oxford prevented him from fulfilling pastoral duties in the rectory). He maintained his Oxford connections, however, and on 14 June 1434 he became a Doctor of Theology, serving as vice-chancellor and chancellor of the university at various points between 1439-45 and again, during a break between Chancellors, in 1453. Thus his career was focused on Oxford, although he was also chaplain to Henry VI sometime in the period 1434-45; had a brief spell at the rectory of St Peter's Cornhill, in London, from November 1445; and became a canon of Wells on 7 February 1449. February 8th 1449 saw Oriel College granting him rent-free accommodation for the rest of his life. Thomas died on March 13th 1458 and was buried in New College, Oxford.
Gascoigne compiled his magnum opus, "Dictionarium Theologicum" (or "Liber de Veritatibus"), between c. 1434 and his death in 1458. In this, he reported the story of Chaucer's deathbed repentance for his literary sins.

</doc>
<doc id="21438982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438982" title="Charles Emmott">
Charles Emmott

Charles Ernest George Campbell Emmott (1899 - 1953) was Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Springburn between the 1931 and 1935 general elections, and then a Conservative MP for East Surrey until the 1945 general election.
Educational.
In his youth he attended Lancing College in Sussex, England, before moving on to Christchurch College, Oxford where he was a classical scholar. Like many of his generation, he fought in the First World War, serving in France in 1917-19 and rising to the rank of 2nd Lieutenant. He was "called to the bar"" (Middle Temple) in 1924.
Personal.
Emmott was born on 12 November 1898, the son of Charles Emmott of Oldham by his wife, the Lady Constance Campbell, one of the many daughters of the 8th Duke of Argyll.

</doc>
<doc id="21438984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438984" title="Kenny Higgins">
Kenny Higgins

Kenny Higgins (born September 21, 1982, in Long Beach, California) is a gridiron football wide receiver free agent. He was originally signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Toledo.
Higgins has also played for the Memphis Xplorers, Nashville Kats, Grand Rapids Rampage, and Toronto Argonauts.

</doc>
<doc id="21438986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438986" title=".22 CHeetah">
.22 CHeetah

The .22 CHeetah (both C and H are upper-case, referring to "Carmichel" / "Huntington") is a .22 wildcat cartridge developed in the 1970s or 1980s by Jim Carmichel and Fred Huntington.
The .22 CHeetah is essentially a Remington 308 BR, modified to fit the 22 caliber, and is the most popular wildcat; two custom gunmakers, Shilen Rifle Company and Wichita Engineering, are now making rifles specifically for the cartridge. The cartridge's 50-grain .22-caliber bullets have a muzzle speed upward of 4,300 ft/s (4,250 according to some), and the cartridge is known for its long-range accuracy and velocity. Its high intensity is notoriously hard on barrels, which require constant cleaning.

</doc>
<doc id="21438989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438989" title="Granja, Ceará">
Granja, Ceará

Granja is the westernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Ceará.

</doc>
<doc id="21439004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439004" title="Coast Meridian Overpass">
Coast Meridian Overpass

The Coast Meridian Overpass is a new four-lane cable stayed bridge in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia crossing the Canadian Pacific railyard. The new bridge has a width of 25 metres, and a length of 580 m. The bridge also has a bike lane on the northbound side and a separated pedestrian walkway on the southbound side of the overpass. The construction project, officially launched in 2008, links Coast Meridian Road and Lougheed Highway on the north and Kingsway Avenue and Broadway Street on the south. The speed limit on the bridge is 50 km/h.
Construction.
The bridge opened on March 7, 2010 and has a fixed total construction cost of $132 million (CAD). The construction contractor is SNC-Lavalin.

</doc>
<doc id="21439013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439013" title="Art Stringer">
Art Stringer

Arthur Stringer (born January 30, 1954 in Troy, Alabama) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Houston Oilers (1977–1981).

</doc>
<doc id="21439033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439033" title="Dallas Thornton">
Dallas Thornton

Dallas Thornton (born September 1, 1946) was an American basketball player. 
Thornton was born in Louisville, Kentucky and played basketball at Male High School there.
Thornton played college basketball at Kentucky Wesleyan College. 
Thornton was selected in the 1968 NBA Draft in the fourth round by the Baltimore Bullets and was selected in the 1968 ABA draft by the Miami Floridians. Thornton opted to sign with the Floridians and played for the team through two seasons, averaging 6.6 points per game in the 1968-69 season and 8.8 points per game in 1969-70. 
Thornton then played for the Harlem Globetrotters and appeared in the 1981 movie The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21439060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439060" title="Dominik Pagacz">
Dominik Pagacz

Dominik Pagacz is a Canadian artist known mostly as an Emmy Award-winning motion picture sound designer, sound effects editor, supervising sound editor and sound re-recording mixer.
He is a member of the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television and of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (ATAS) (U.S.A.).

</doc>
<doc id="21439065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439065" title="Violent Crime Impact Teams">
Violent Crime Impact Teams

Violent Crime Impact Teams (VCIT) in the United States work proactively to identify, disrupt, arrest and prosecute the most violent criminals through innovative technology, analytical investigative resources and an integrated federal, state and local law enforcement strategy along with the leading federal law enforcement agency for the VCIT, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) (an agency within the United States Department of Justice).
Background.
In June 2004, Attorney General John Ashcroft, Deputy Attorney General James Comey, and Carl J. Truscott, director of the ATF, announced a federal initiative aimed at reducing crime in 15 cities in the United States through the development of VCIT. The cities include:
The VCIT launched as a pilot program built on the success of Project Safe Neighborhoods (PSN), a comprehensive nationwide strategy geared toward combating gun crime in communities across the country. In March 2005, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales announced the selection of five additional cities (Hartford, Connecticut, Houston, Texas, Fresno, California, Camden, New Jersey, and New Orleans, Louisiana) to participate in the VCIT program.
Goals and objectives.
The goal of the VCIT initiative includes decreasing the number of homicides, firearms-related homicides, violent crimes, and the number of violent firearms crimes. Two primary purposes of the VCIT initiative, as articulated by the Office of the Deputy Attorney General (ODAG) and ATF, aim to seek to reduce homicides and violent firearms crimes in cities where these rates disproved the national downward trend and to test the effectiveness of the VCIT strategy in reducing, rather than displacing, the incidents of firearms-related violence in communities by identifying, targeting, and arresting the “worst” violent offenders in specific targeted areas. When responding to firearms-related crime scenes, including homicides, VCIT members assist the local police by investigating all firearms-related leads and ensuring traced firearms evidence.
Strategy.
VCIT takes a six-point approach for reducing violent crime:
Composition.
VCIT consists of federal agents and support personnel working with state and local law enforcement, producing interdependent benefits and powerful technology of all participating agencies. In addition to the ATF, The Drug Enforcement Administration, U.S. Marshals Service, federal and state prosecutors, state and local law enforcement officers, and federal and state parole officers may participate in the VCIT program.
Partnerships.
Partnerships deem essential for VCIT. Federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies actively work together through patrolling and conducting proactive investigations to improve prevention efforts through targeted outreach efforts within at-risk communities. In addition, resources in the communities, such as community leaders and social service agencies, provide help for VCIT. The partnerships cultivate positive relationships between law enforcement and communities, resulting in stronger existing partnerships and new relationships forming. The VCIT routinely and systematically analyzes problems before developing solutions by utilizing a partnered problem-solving process.
ATF Commitment.
Federal, State, and local partners must work with an understanding of the knowledge of ATF capabilities available to them in support of their local enforcement efforts. ATF commits to distributing new technologies and investigative advances to help suppress violent criminals in VCIT cities. These tools increase the ability to collect, analyze, and disseminate data, increasing the likelihood for identifying violent crime areas, targeting individuals accountable for firearms-related crime, and improving the quality of life in communities. Technology, such as the National Integrated Ballistic Information Network (NIBIN), Crime Gun Analysis Branch (CGAB), and the National Field Office Case Information System (NFOCIS), helps accomplish the goals of the VCIT initiative.
Results.
More than 2,000 arrests of individuals possessing firearms and other criminals, received local, state or federal charges through the program in 2006. The VCIT arrested 650 of the “worst” offenders and the team recovered more than 4,900 firearms. In 2006, the VCIT program added five cities (Atlanta, Georgia, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Birmingham, Alabama, Laredo, Texas and Milwaukee, Wisconsin).
Best Practice Report: Success.
The “Best Practice Report” identifies the specific practices contributing most to the program’s success. In addition, the analysis is essential to strengthen future VCIT deployments. The ten “Best Practice” implementations include:
Office of the Inspector General Review: Recommendations.
According to the Office of the Inspector General, the ATF did develop objectives for the VCIT Strategy (six- point approach) to combat violent firearms crime, but the ATF did not execute the Strategy, primarily due to ATF’s inconsistent oversight of its Field Divisions on adapting the VCIT Strategy to local operations. The ATF did not develop an adequate evaluation strategy to measure the performance of the VCIT initiative, and ATF’s analysis of the data it collected does not support its claims of success. As a result, although the Strategy on paper appears effective, after 24 months of operations and the allotment of more than $35 million in funds for VCIT, ATF cannot definitively show whether the initiative successfully reduced firearms crime in areas with high levels of violent crime.
For 2006, ATF received $20 million to expand the VCIT initiative. The ATF should execute the program consistent with its VCIT Strategy allowing the ATF to determine whether the Strategy deems successful. To accomplish this, recommendations for the ATF include:
Additions to VCIT.
New designated cities became the target of federal violent crime task forces. New legislation strengthens federal laws, targeting violent criminals as part of the Department’s expanding efforts to fight violent crime. In 2007, the VCIT initiative added four cities, including Mesa, Arizona, Orlando, Florida, San Bernardino, California, and San Juan, Puerto Rico. Currently, VCIT target 31 U.S cities.
The Violent Crime and Anti-Terrorism Act of 2007 proposes to effectively fight violent crime. The comprehensive package includes violent crime legislation strengthening existing laws to ensure federal law enforcement agencies the power to successfully investigate and prosecute many types of violent crime. One of the provisions, Improving Violent Crime Prevention and Strengthening Anti-Gang Measures, amends several criminal statutes to strengthen penalties and existing tools used to combat violent crime, including firearms and gang violence. In addition, the Flexible Penalties for Firearms Dealers’ Violations of the Gun Control Act, provides additional flexibility in the penalties imposed on federal firearms licensees (FFLs) violating the Gun Control Act.

</doc>
<doc id="21439070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439070" title="1929 Boston Bulldogs season">
1929 Boston Bulldogs season

The 1929 Boston Bulldogs season was their fifth and final season in the league and their only season after changing their name from the Pottsville Maroons. The team improved on their previous output of 2–8, winning four games. They finished fourth in the league.<br>Based at Braves Field, the Bulldogs nonetheless hosted their two-game swan song back in their old stomping grounds, defeating both the Buffalo Bison on October 27 at Minersville Park and the Newark Tornadoes on October 29 at Pottsville's Mitchell Field.

</doc>
<doc id="21439094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439094" title="Alexander Marshall Mackenzie">
Alexander Marshall Mackenzie

Alexander Marshall Mackenzie (1 January 1848 – 4 May 1933) was a Scottish architect responsible for prestigious projects including the headquarters of the Isle of Man Banking Company in Douglas, and Australia House and the Waldorf Hotel in London.
He received royal patronage with the design of Crathie Kirk (1893) and was subsequently chosen by the Duke and Duchess of Fife (the Prince of Wales's daughter Princess Louise) for the new (3rd) Mar Lodge (1895).
Early life.
Born in Elgin in Morayshire, on 1 January 1848, the son of Thomas Mackenzie, architect and his wife Helen Margaret McInnes. He was educated at Aberdeen University and trained with James Matthews (1820–98) in Aberdeen from 1863 to 1868. He began his career in the office of David Bryce in Edinburgh.
Professional life.
In 1877 he went into partnership in Aberdeen with James Matthews, and later with his own son. The majority of his work was undertaken in northern Scotland. In Aberdeen his work includes St Mark's Church on Rosemount Viaduct (1892). Elphinstone Hall (1926) at King's College, the Art Gallery (1885), frontage of Marischal College (1904–6) and Greyfriars Church (1906), Harbour Offices (Regent Quay) and Langstane Kirk (or West Church of St Andrew).
During 1895 Marshall Mackenzie undertook extensive internal restoration work at Udny Parish Church. The buildings structure, which was designed by John Smith in 1821, was not altered but the roof was replaced.
In 1907 he was responsible for widening the Union Bridge and, in 1921, the War Memorial and Cowdray Hall.
In Elgin he designed many public buildings, churches and schools, including the Town Hall and the old Scottish Town House. He made an extension to Banff Academy (1898) and additions to Rothiemay Castle (1902 and 1912). He built Coull House, a grand home for himself at Aboyne. 
Further afield, he was responsible for prestigious projects including
He received royal patronage with the design of Crathie Kirk (1893) and was subsequently chosen by the Duke and Duchess of Fife (the Prince of Wales's daughter Princess Louise) for the new (3rd) Mar Lodge (1895).
Personal life.
Mackenzie married Phoebe Ann Robertson Cooper, the only daughter of Elgin lawyer, Alexander Cooper, a granddaughter of General George Duncan Robertson, head of the Clan Robertson. Their eldest son, Alexander George Robertson Mackenzie, was also a prominent architect. A younger son, Gilbert Marshall Mackenzie (1890 or 1891 – 21 April 1916), also an architect, was called up and commissioned in the Seaforth Highlanders, and was killed in action near Kut.
Marshall Mackenzie continued working until within a week of his death on 4 May 1933.
Honours.
Mackenzie was elected RSA Associate in 1893, and admitted into FRIBA in 1896. He received an honorary LL.D. in 1906, marking the final completion of the Marischal College extension scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="21439107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439107" title="Kurt Van Raefelghem">
Kurt Van Raefelghem

Kurt Van Raefelghem is a Paralympian athlete from Belgium competing mainly in category P13 pentathlon events.
Biography.
He competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he won a silver medal in the men's Long jump - B3 event, finished seventh in the men's 100 metres - B3 event and finished sixth in the men's 200 metres - B3 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States., a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon - P12 event and a bronze medal in the men's Long jump - F12 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia., a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P13 event, went out in the first round of the men's 100 metres - T13 event and finished fourth in the men's Long jump - F13 event. He also competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Pentathlon - P13 event and finished fifteenth in the men's Long jump - F12 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21439118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439118" title="Go west, young man">
Go west, young man

Go west young man, with varied capitalisation and punctuation, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21439132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439132" title="Salvia melissodora">
Salvia melissodora

Salvia melissodora (Grape-scented sage) is a woody perennial shrub native to elevations from 4,000-8,000 feet in the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range in Mexico, from Chihuahua in the north to Oaxaca in the south. The plant is also called tarahumara, after the Tarahumara who have used the leaves and seeds for medicinal purposes for several hundred years.
The specific epithet "melissodora" comes from the Greek "melissa" (honeybee) and "odora" (fragrance)—the fragrant and nectar-filled flowers attract many insects. Melissa is also the name of a Cretan nymph in Greek mythology who collected honey.
Description.
"Salvia melissodora" is a woody shrub that grows up to 6 feet high and 4 feet wide, with a graceful and upright habit. The 1-1.5 inch ovate leaves are mid-green on the upper side, with prominent veins on the lower surface that stand out due to the chamois-colored hairs that cover them. The partially dry leaves give off a pleasant fragrance, while the flowers are frequently described as grape-scented. 
The short inflorescences have several whorls each, with flowers that are violet-lavender on the upper lip and pale lavender on the lower lip and back of the upper lip. The flowers are full of nectar, and attract bees, butterflies, insects, and hummingbirds from late spring until frost.

</doc>
<doc id="21439140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439140" title="Chad Cascadden">
Chad Cascadden

Chad Stevens Cascadden (born May 14, 1972 in Two Rivers, Wisconsin) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker from 1995-1999 for the New York Jets. Currently serves as VP of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. located at 250 Park Ave in NYC. Chad graduated from Chippewa Falls Senior High School in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin and has a BS in Kinesiology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

</doc>
<doc id="21439144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439144" title="Château de La Celle-Guenand">
Château de La Celle-Guenand

Under the Ancien Régime in France this château was the seat of the Barony of La Celle-Guenand. The estate encompassed what is today, the commune of La Celle-Guenand in the Indre-et-Loire "départment" in the Centre Val-de-Loire "Region" of France. Château de La Celle-Guenand is listed as a "Monument historique" since 11 June 1943 by the French Ministry of Culture.
History.
The first known Lord of this medieval château is Antoine de GUENAND, seigneur de Staint-Cyran, du Jambot, de Vitray, de Tanchou, de Brossein, and de La Celle-Geunand. His ancestry can be traced to Henry I of England (through Henrys' illegitimate daughter, Alice FitzRoy). Antoine de GUENAND is cited on April 1, 1422 for his marriage to Oralie de FONTENAY. He was appointed Captain-Governor of Loches in 1441 under Charles VII of France (who had been crowned in Reims in 1429 through the endeavors of Joan of Arc to free France from the English). 
Antoine's son, Pierre de GUENAND, Lord of La Celle-Guenand inherited the estate in 1487; he was Governor of the Royal Castle at Amboise (Château d'Amboise), and Grand Chamberlain of France during the reign of Charles VIII of France. Antoine II de GUENAND, chevalier continued in his father's noble footsteps. The estate passed to Georges de GUENAND who was childless. At his death in 1556, the estate was inherited by his Aunt, Antoinette d'AZAY (née de Guenand). 
In 1537, during the reign of Francis I of France, Guillaume de COUTANCE, Lord of La Celle-Guenand married Rene d'AZAY, bringing together two chatelaines; La Celle-Guenand and La Celle-Draon. The estate was held by the COUTANCE family until 1780. Religious conflict in 1779 had led to the removal of the pastor of La Celle-Guenand and the two parishes were merged, to be known as La Celle-Guenand. 
Jean Cantineau de Commacres lorded over the castle of La Celle-Guenand until 1785 the last years of the French monarchy. Followed by Pierre Gaullier to midway through the French Revolution until 1794 (Louis XVI of France who was beheaded by guillotine in January 1793). The Revolution ended in 1799 and the estate went on to be held by the Gaullier des Bordes through the July Revolution of 1830, the First French Empire and Second French Empire until 1935, when it passed to Jacques Devaulx de Chambord.

</doc>
<doc id="21439150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439150" title="Duke Ludwig Wilhelm in Bavaria (1884–1968)">
Duke Ludwig Wilhelm in Bavaria (1884–1968)

Duke Ludwig Wilhelm Karl Norbert Theodor Johann in Bavaria (17 January 1884 Schloss Tegernsee – 5 November 1968 Wildbad Kreuth) was a member of the Kingdom of Bavaria's ruling dynasty, the House of Wittelsbach. He was the head since 1909 of the Wittelsbachs' cadet branch, the Dukes in Bavaria, heirs of the Counts Palatine of Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen.
Life.
Ludwig Wilhelm was the eldest son of Duke Karl Theodor in Bavaria and his second wife Infanta Maria Josepha of Portugal.
He married on 19 March 1917 in Kreuth with Princess Eleonore Anna Lucie zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, daughter of Prince Franz zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Julia Cavalcanti d'Albuquerque de Villeneuve.
When his wife died on 20 February 1965 he adopted the grandson of his sister Marie Gabrielle, Max Emanuel.
Ludwig Wilhelm died on 5 November 1968 in Wildbad Kreuth.

</doc>
<doc id="21439162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439162" title="Institute of Traditional Medicine Services (Bhutan)">
Institute of Traditional Medicine Services (Bhutan)

The Institute of Traditional Medicine Services is based in Thimphu, the capital of Bhutan, located on a hilltop above the Traditional Arts Center and the National Library. The Institute supplies traditional medicines and medical services, trains doctors, and conducts research on traditional medicinal plants to identify the ingredients and develop new products. The Institute has a library dating back to around 1616, when Tibetan Buddhism was introduced to Bhutan. The books and recipes were collected from monasteries where scholars had preserved the medical lore.
History.
In 1967 the king directed the Health Department of Bhutan to establish a traditional medicine system for the welfare of Bhutanese people and to preserve the Bhutanese traditional culture. An "Indigenous Dispensary" was opened on 28 June 1968 at Dechencholing, Thimphu, staffed by doctors trained in Tibet. It was moved to its present site in Thimphu in 1979 and renamed the National Indigenous Hospital, then renamed the National Institute of Traditional Medicine in 1988, and then upgraded to the Institute of Traditional Medicine Services (ITMS) in 1998. In parallel, smaller traditional medical centers have been opened across the country, and were available in all districts of Bhutan by the end of 2001. These centers are integrated into the national health service, and are attached to the district hospitals.
Health care.
The institute dispenses traditional medicines produced in its laboratories from minerals, animal parts, precious metals, gems and plants. Generally the patient should abstain from meat and alcohol during the medical course. Over 40,000 patients are treated annually by the institute's hospital in Thimphu. Nationwide, traditional medicine units treat over 100,000 patients a year.
Training and research.
The institute trains workers in traditional medicine, offering a five year course leading to a Bachelors degree for physicians, and a three year diploma course for the compounders who create the medicines. By 2004 the institute had produced 37 graduates and 38 diploma students, most of whom were employed in the institute.
The pharmaceutical and research unit produces the 103 essential compounds in the traditional medicine list, and directs cultivation of the medicinal plants. The unit also conducts research to authenticate species, measure effectiveness, control quality and standardize the production processes. There has been discussion about the possibility of privatizing the production unit.
Museum.
The institute museum showcases ingredients that include herbs, minerals, precious metals, gems and animal parts that have healing abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21439192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439192" title="In aller Stille">
In aller Stille

In aller Stille ("in complete silence") is the eleventh studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It's the first studio album in 4 years. The cover was designed by Dirk Rudolph. The central theme for this album is energy.
The album was released in 3 versions:
Singles.
2008: "Strom"<br>
2009: "Alles was war"<br>
2009: "Auflösen"<br>
2009: "Ertrinken"

</doc>
<doc id="21439197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439197" title="Houston mayoral election, 2003">
Houston mayoral election, 2003

The Houston Mayoral Election of 2003 took place to elect a successor to Mayor of Houston, USA Lee Brown. An election was first held on November 4, 2003; as no candidate received a majority of the votes a runoff election was held on December 6, 2003 and resulted in the election of Former Deputy Secretary of Energy Bill White. The election was non-partisan.

</doc>
<doc id="21439205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439205" title="2T Stalker">
2T Stalker

The 2T Stalker, also known as BM-2T Stalker, is an armoured vehicle used by the Belarusian Army.
Armament.
Fire Control System.
The vehicle incorporates a multi-channel day/night optical electronic suit.
Weapons.
The weapon set of the 2T Stalker comprises a stabilized 30 mm caliber automatic cannon, a coaxial machine gun, an automatic grenade launcher, as well as four ready missiles; two anti-aircraft and two anti-tank missiles.
Main and coaxial guns.
The 2T Stalker comprises a 30 mm automatic cannon 2A42 as the main armament, as announced in 2001. The gas-operated gun is a dual feed multipurpose small caliber weapon, that has a dual rate of fire with a minimum rate of 200-300 or 550 rounds per minute (rds/min), where the rapid fire mode assures 800 rds/min. The sustained rate of fire is 200 rds/min, though. The gun is intended for engaging materiel, low flying aircraft, light vehicles, and dismounted infantry. With a muzzle velocity of 960 m/s, the gun is capable of defeating a light Armored Personnel Carrier at a range of 1,500 meters, a soft-skinned vehicle at 4,000 meters, and slow-flying aircraft at altitudes up to 2,000 meters and slant ranges of up to 2,500 meters.
The coaxial gun for the vehicles is a 7.62 mm caliber machine gun.
Grenade launcher.
The AGS-17 "Plamya" (Russian: Пламя) is a Soviet-designed automatic grenade launcher currently in production in the Russian Federation and in service worldwide.
Nickname Plamya means ‘flame’.
Retractable launchers.
The missile armament of the Stalker consists of two retractable launchers each with two missile launchers. Inside the vehicle, are four missiles, bringing the total number of missiles to six. Typically, each retractable launcher is specific for a type of missiles, the right one firing Anti-Air missiles, while the left one firing Anti-Armor missiles.
Anti-Tank Missiles (AT-6 Spiral).
The 9K114 Shturm (NATO reporting name is AT-6 SPIRAL) is a tube-launched, SACLOS antitank guided missile. The missile has replaced the older 3M11 Falanga (AT-2 SWATTER) on the Mi-24 Hind attack helicopter, yet the SACLOS system with IR missile tracking, and radio guidance, similar to the uprated version of the SWATTER, the AT-2c, operates the same as the AT-4 SPIGOT and AT-5 SPANDLER which unlike the AT-6 SPIRAL are wire-guided. The AT-6 is said to be a laser-guided missile based on/ version of the American Hellfire missile, however, that is as incorrect as erroneous crediting of the missile with 7,000-10,000 meters as the maximum rage. The AT-6 missile is a 130mm caliber tube launched, Semi-Automatic Command to Line-Of-Sight (SACLOS) Anti-Tank Guided Missile (ATGM) that can engage targets within 400-5,000 meters. The conventional shaped-charge warhead of the basic Shturm is believed to ba capable of penetrating 560-600mm of armor, where the warhead that contains two tandem HEAT charges would punch through 600–700 mm of rolled homogenous steel armor (RHE).
Anti-Air missiles (SA-18 Grouse).
The 9K38 Igla (NATO reporting name is S-18 Grouse) is a 72.2mm man-portable air defense missile weighting 10.6 kilograms with a 1.3 kilogram warhead. The missile itself is 1.67 meters long, the container is 1.708 meters and the whole system weights 17 kilograms. The system is designed to engage fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft, cruise missiles and UAVs flying at speeds of 360–400 m/s in head-on engagement (approaching target) and up to 320 m/s in tail chase (receding target) within their optical visibility and in the night-time conditions in background clutter and thermal countermeasures environment.

</doc>
<doc id="21439210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439210" title="Dorguth Memorial United Methodist Church">
Dorguth Memorial United Methodist Church

Dorguth Memorial United Methodist Church, formerly known as Otterbein Chapel Station, Scott Street United Brethren Church, Dorguth Memorial United Brethren Church, and Dorguth Memorial Evangelical United Brethren Church, is a historic United Methodist church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was built in 1857 and is a simple, two-story gable-front brick church of the late Roman Revival style. It features a gabled roof with a pedimented brick cornice. Also on the property is the parish house added in 1868. The church was named for Mrs. Frederick Dorguth, who in 1936 left money for extensive renovations. Dorguth UMC closed its doors in 2001.
Dorguth Memorial United Methodist Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21439219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439219" title="Florentin Cruceru">
Florentin Cruceru

Florentin Cruceru (born March 25, 1981 in Găeşti, Dâmboviţa County, Romania) is a Romanian footballer (midfielder) who currently is Free Agent.
References.
Florentin Cruceru's Profile @ Romaniansoccer.ro (English)

</doc>
<doc id="21439228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439228" title="Larry Kelm">
Larry Kelm

Larry Dean Kelm (born November 29, 1964 in Corpus Christi, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Los Angeles Rams and the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="21439238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439238" title="Icapuí">
Icapuí

Icapuí is the easternmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Ceará, located in the northeast coast of the state. Known for being the first city in Brazil to perform the eradication of illiteracy.

</doc>
<doc id="21439250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439250" title="William Le Hardy">
William Le Hardy

Lieutenant-Colonel William Henry Clement Le Hardy (1889 – 28 December 1961) was an English archivist.
Le Hardy was born into a family of archivists. His great-uncle, Sir Thomas Hardy and his grandfather Sir William Hardy were Deputy Keepers of the Public Records, and his father William John Hardy (died 1919) was a record agent in the firm of Hardy and Page, later Hardy and Reckitt. His uncle on his mother's side was William Page, record agent and general editor of the "Victoria County History".
Hardy was educated at Westminster School and Oxford University. He served in World War I in France (where he was seriously wounded, and decorated). Between the wars he commanded the 23rd (County of London) Battalion, The London Regiment, in the Territorial Army; and in World War II he saw active service in the Middle East and Italy.
Following his father's death in 1919 he took control of the family firm, succeeding his father as editor of the calendars of the Quarter Sessions records of Hertfordshire and Middlesex, and working on those of Buckinghamshire. In 1946 Hardy became county archivist of Middlesex (three days a week) and Hertfordshire (two days a week), resigning the Middlesex post in 1956 to concentrate on Hertfordshire. "To his drive and initiative both counties owe the rapid development of their record offices on modern lines and the growth of their record holdings." As a county archivist, he had the reputation of being attentive to the needs to users of the archive.
Le Hardy was a founder-member of the British Records Association in 1932, and served almost continuously on its Council until his death, aged 72. Also a founder-member of the Society of Local Archivists, he was chairman of its council from 1949 to 1954, and elected a Vice-President when the Society became the Society of Archivists in 1955. He was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and was active in its Essay Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21439276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439276" title="Orange Blossom Classic">
Orange Blossom Classic

The Orange Blossom Classic was an annual postseason college football game held between 1933 and 1978. Each year, it featured Florida A&M and another historically black school in an unofficial "de facto" championship game. It was seen as a mythical "Black National Championship" game. For example, the December 5, 1942 "Afro American" newspaper refers to the 1942 game as a national title game, as does at least one source for the 1945 game (see: http://media-newswire.com/release_1143144.html).
Presently, an occasional regular season game between Florida A&M and Florida International is called the Orange Blossom Classic. Florida International, however, is not a historically black college. These two teams last played in 2005 and are not scheduled to meet again in the near future.
Appearances by school.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="21439290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439290" title="Du pic au cœur">
Du pic au cœur


</doc>
<doc id="21439294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439294" title="Jack Snyder (disambiguation)">
Jack Snyder (disambiguation)

Jack Snyder is the fictional character in "As the World Turns" on television.
Jack Snyder may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21439304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439304" title="Jarana huasteca">
Jarana huasteca

"Not to be confused with the Jarana jarocha."
The jarana huasteca, jarana de son huasteco or jaranita is a string instrument. It is also sometimes called simply Jarana, although this more commonly refers to the Jarana Jarocha.
It is a guitar-like chordophone with 5 strings. It is smaller than the guitarra huapanguera and usually forms part of the trio huasteco ensemble, along with the quinta huapanguera and violin, taking on the role of the rhythmical accompaniment to the ensemble. This type of guitar is tuned in thirds. It is higher in pitch than the guitarra huapanguera. It is in a similar range to the mandolin. The notes are G, B, D, F# and A. It usually has a scale length of around 40 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="21439313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439313" title="Thambikku Indha Ooru">
Thambikku Indha Ooru

Thambikku Indha Ooru (; ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Badri. It stars Bharath, Sana Khan, Prabhu, Vivek and Madalsa Sharma in the lead roles. The film was released on 5 March 2010 to negative reviews and was declared a box office bomb.
Plot.
Akil (Bharath) is a rich youth who runs a restaurant along with his buddy Cola Kumar (Vivek) in Singapore. As it happens, his dad (Nizhalgal Ravi) gets the shock of his life when Akil refuses to marry Priya (Madalasa).
Akil goes against his father's wish as he is desperate behind Divya (Sana Khan). Divya is a squash champion (seemingly inspired by ace tennis star Sania Mirza). Annoyed at Akil's denial, Priya's father spells out the truth that Akil was an orphan.
Shocked at the developments, Akil decides to embark on a journey and find out his biological parents, whom he comes to know stay in Chengalpet.
On his trip to homeland, he starts to encounter problems in the form of Divya's dad who is against their affair. He feels that her daughter as a popular sports woman could earn more through endorsing various brands. Enters Kumaraswamy (Prabhu), who plays a crucial part in the whole story.
Kumaraswamy has a long held gurdge against Akil's father and decides to use Akil to lure his father back to India. The film reaches its climax when Akil finds out from Thangamani that he is not his father but Kumaraswamy is. Akil adamant not to tell Kumaraswamy until his adoptive father Rajashekar is proven innocent.
In the ending scenes Thirumalai admits his wrongdoings unconsciensly on the phone to Kumaraswam in which way he finds out that Akil is Kumaraswamy's son. After an ensueing fight all ends well.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was scored by Dharan and features six songs. The lyrics were penned by Kapilan and Raajkumar. It was released on 19 January 2010 by Think Music. The soundtrack has received mixed critical reception and was only a moderate success.

</doc>
<doc id="21439321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439321" title="Jardin botanique des Pyrénées occidentales">
Jardin botanique des Pyrénées occidentales

The Jardin botanique des Pyrénées occidentales, associated with the specialist nursery Florama, is a private botanical garden and arboretum located at 42, route de Morlaàs, Saint-Jammes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Aquitaine, France. It is open by appointment.
The nursery Florama specializes in trees and shrubs from around the world. Its accompanying botanical garden was created in 1993 by owner Jacques Urban, and is now a member of the "Jardins botaniques de France", containing about 1,500 taxa including rare and endangered plants of the Pyrenees.

</doc>
<doc id="21439338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439338" title="Patricia Grossman">
Patricia Grossman

Patricia Grossman is an American novelist. Born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1951, Grossman moved to New York City to attend Pratt Institute, where she studied drawing and painting. She has an M.F.A. in writing from Sarah Lawrence College and has published six novels, as well as two children's books.
In 2006, Grossman received the Ferro-Grumley Award for "Brian in Three Seasons". She is an out lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="21439343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439343" title="Gino De Keersmaeker">
Gino De Keersmaeker

Gino De Keersmaeker is an athlete and Paralympian from Belgium competing mainly in category F42 discus throw events.
He competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he finished thirteenth in the men's Shot putt - THS2 event and finished eleventh in the men's Discus throw - THS2 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States winning a gold medal in the men's Discus throw - F42 event, breaking the world record in the progress and finished fifth in the men's Shot putt - F42 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia., a silver medal in the men's Discus throw - F42 event and finished fourth in the men's Shot putt - F42 event. He also competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a silver medal in the men's Discus throw - F42 event and finished sixth in the men's Shot putt - F42 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China., finished twelve in the men's Shot putt - F42 event and finished fifth in the men's Discus throw - F42 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21439346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439346" title="Enucleation">
Enucleation

Enucleation in general refers to removing the nucleus of something. In particular, it may refer to:
Surgery:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21439353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439353" title="Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church (Baltimore, Maryland)

Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located in the Federal Hill neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The complex consists of a group of four brick buildings: an 1860 Gothic Revival church (remodeled in 1885 and 1907), an 1871 Italianate rectory-convent, a 1903 Romanesque Revival school, and a 1928 Tudor Revival rectory. The church has a cruciform plan and features a 200 foot steeple composed of a 125 foot tower and a 75 foot copper-clad spire. A shallow choir loft contains the 1886 organ with its stenciled pipes. The Archdiocese listed the church as a German parish until 1959.
Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21439354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439354" title="Michelle Rzepka">
Michelle Rzepka

Michelle "Mickie" Rzepka (born August 4, 1983) is an American bobsledder who has competed since 2007. Her best event finish in the Bobsleigh World Cup is third at Whistler, Canada on February 6, 2009 where she set the start record with teammate Erin Pac.
Rzepka was born in Novi, Michigan and graduated from Novi High School in 2001. She graduateed from Michigan State University in 2005 with a degree in kinesiology; she later earned a master's degree in exercise physiology from McNeese State University.
It was announced on January 16, 2010 that she made the US team for the 2010 Winter Olympics, where she finished sixth in the two-woman event.

</doc>
<doc id="21439367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439367" title="Hilly Flitcraft">
Hilly Flitcraft

Hildreth Milton "Hilly" Flitcraft (August 21, 1923 – April 2, 2003) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Flitcraft played for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. In 3 career games, he had a 0–0 record with an 8.10 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Flitcraft was born in Woodstown, New Jersey and died in Boulder, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="21439382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439382" title="Leading Edge Partnership">
Leading Edge Partnership

The Leading Edge Partnership programme was established in 2003 by the Department for Children, Schools and Families in the United Kingdom. The programme encourages Secondary schools in England to work in partnership to solve some of the most intractable problems in education. In 2005, the programme expanded significantly as a High Performing Specialist School designation option, managed by the Schools Network (formerly know as the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust). 
The programme continues to encourage schools to work locally, regionally and nationally to raise achievement through the sharing of proven ideas. There are currently over 300 Leading Edge schools within the programme, representing some of the most outstanding and innovative practice nationally.

</doc>
<doc id="21439405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439405" title="Monchy-le-Preux (hamlet)">
Monchy-le-Preux (hamlet)

Monchy-le-Preux is a hamlet in the commune of Campneuseville, in the Seine-Maritime department of France.
It was a former commune of Normandy, and has been joined to Campneuseville in 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="21439412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439412" title="Lazafeno">
Lazafeno

Lazafeno is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected from the Antoko Miombona Ezaka party; he represents the constituency of Bealanana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439444" title="Parson Zazaharivelo Rakotovazaha">
Parson Zazaharivelo Rakotovazaha

Parson Zazaharivelo Rakotovazaha is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected from the Mayors' Association party; he represents the constituency of Mampikony.

</doc>
<doc id="21439455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439455" title="Bruno Rajaonson">
Bruno Rajaonson

Bruno Rajaonson is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected from the Brun-Ly party; he represents the constituency of Marovoay.

</doc>
<doc id="21439465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439465" title="Forever Burned">
Forever Burned

Forever Burned is a compilation album by American post-punk band Swans. It was given a limited release through the Young God Records website. It featured the entire "The Burning World" album followed by a few songs from "White Light from the Mouth of Infinity", "Love of Life" and the Michael Gira version of "Love Will Tear Us Apart". Tracks 1 to 10 are from "The Burning World".
The record is out-of-print and no longer available from the Young God Records website.

</doc>
<doc id="21439474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439474" title="Bruno Josvah Randrianantenaina">
Bruno Josvah Randrianantenaina

Bruno Josvah Randrianantenaina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected from the Fampandrosoana Mirindra party; he represents the constituency of Marovoay.

</doc>
<doc id="21439483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439483" title="Allegheny Formation">
Allegheny Formation

The Pennsylvanian Allegheny Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in western and central Pennsylvania, western Maryland and West Virginia, and southeastern Ohio. It is a major coal-bearing unit in the Appalachian Plateau of the eastern United States.
Description.
In Pennsylvania, the Allegheny Formation includes rocks from the base of the Brooksville Coal to the top of the Upper Freeport Coal, and was defined to include all economically significant coals in the upper Pennsylvanian sequence. The formation consists of cyclothemic sequences of coal, shale, limestone, sandstone, and clay. It contains six major coal zones, which, in stratigraphic order, are:
Members.
Glen Richey (PA), Laurel Run (PA), Mineral Springs (PA), Millstone Run (PA), Clearfield Creek (PA); Clarion (OH, MD, PA, WV), Kittanning (PA), Freeport (PA, MD, OH, WV); Putnam Hill (OH, PA); Vanport (PA, MD, OH, WV); Butler (MD, PA), Worthington (MD, PA); Washingtonville (OH, PA, WV), Columbiana (OH)
Age.
Relative age dating of the Allegheny places it in the middle Pennsylvanian period.

</doc>
<doc id="21439485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439485" title="George Tinsley">
George Tinsley

George Tinsley (born September 19, 1946) is a retired American basketball player.
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, Tinsley played competitively at Male High School and college basketball at Kentucky Wesleyan College, where he was a member of the teams that won the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship in 1966, 1968 and 1969, being named Most Outstanding Player in 1969. Tinsley was also a two time All American at Kentucky Wesleyan.
Tinsley was selected in the sixth round of the 1969 NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls and in the 1969 ABA Draft by the Oakland Oaks. 
Tinsley ended up playing with the Kentucky Colonels during the 1969-70 ABA season, averaging 6.3 points and 4.0 rebounds per game in 83 regular season games. Tinsley averaged 9.5 points per game and 5.3 rebounds per game for the Colonels in 12 games of the 1970 ABA Playoffs, as the Colonels defeated the New York Nets in the Eastern Division Semifinals and lost to the Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Division Finals. 
Tinsley then played for The Floridians during the 1971-72 ABA season, averaging 3.7 points and 1.2 rebounds per game in the regular season and 2.0 points per game in the 1972 ABA Playoffs as the Floridians lost in the Eastern Division Semifinals to the Virginia Squires. Tinsley was selected by the New York Nets in the 1972 dispersal draft of Floridians players upon the franchise's dissolution, but he did not play for the Nets.
Tinsley was later a successful businessman with Kentucky Fried Chicken and was inducted into the Kentucky Wesleyan College Alumni Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21439494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439494" title="Leadenhall Street Baptist Church">
Leadenhall Street Baptist Church

""'Leadenhall Street Baptist Church"" is a historic located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a gable-front rectangular brick temple with simple Renaissance Revival detail. The original exterior wall surfaces have been covered with formstone on the main façade and stucco elsewhere. It features round-arched stained glass windows on each side bay. It was built in 1873, by Joseph Thomas & Son for the city's African American Baptists who were then centered in the old southwest area from the downtown business district of Baltimore in the "Sharp-Leadenhall" (named for the intersecting nearby streets) community in the old "South Baltimore" area. Nearby is its now famed revitalized "Inner Harbor" area of the old "Basin" for the harbor port.
The neighborhood is just west of the Federal Hill community and commercial district connected by West Hamburg Street, which is along South Charles and Light Streets, and the famous hill itself, which was the site of a celebratory picnic in 1788 after a parade of the various guilds, organizations and military units of old "Baltimore Town" to commemorate the ratification by Maryland of the new Federal Constitution, and later fortified with earthen embankments and large cannons of artillery by Northern troops of the Union Army a month after, during the Civil War to keep a close watch on and control on the Southern-sympathizing citizens of the City who had erupted in April 1861, in a riot attacking passing Massachusetts and Pennsylvania troops from the President Street Station on the east side from Philadelphia and the North, on their way to the nearby (a few blocks away with the Washington tracks running right by the Church) Camden Street Station of the famous Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to defend the National Capital of Washington from the newly seceded Virginians and Confederates.
The "Sharp-Leadenhall" neighborhood just west of the Harbor was one of the first neighborhoods to become predominantly African American residents among the City's largest free-Black population in America, in the late 19th Century. Prior to this era of beginning housing segregation, most of Baltimore's "free citizens of color" lived amidst the white population in the small compact town, residing on the smaller streets and alleyways in between larger avenues and main streets, seeking employment in the homes and businesses of the majority white population. Often poorer residents, lived right in back or around the corner from substantial mansions and townhouses of the wealthy and well-to-do. In later years, additional populations of free blacks began moving to the northwest just beyond the Mount Vernon-Belvedere neighborhood and beyond Seton Hill, along the future Pennsylvania Avenue and Druid Hill Avenue of what became known as Upton.
The building was built and financed by the predominantly "colored" Maryland Baptist Union Association, (as opposed to the organization of the Baptist Convention of Maryland) who had generally separated from the white Baptists after often worshipping together in the small building during the colonial days of the late 18th Century (although most of the time in upper balconies or separate pews/chairs in the sanctuary), into the early 19th Century of the American Republic. It is the second oldest Black church edifice in Baltimore, and home to one of the city's largest African American congregations.
Another prominent congregation in the area that was an important force in the City's burgeoning African-American community was the nearby Sharp Street Methodist Church which later followed its members in later decades also to the northwest neighborhoods, where after a series of National Methodist church mergers is now still called Sharp Street United Methodist Church, although it left that location long ago, unlike the Leadenhall Church.
Leadenhall Street Baptist Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. which is maintained by the National Park Service of the United States Department of the Interior, according to the Historic Sites Act of August 1935. With the designation of much of downtown Baltimore and its immediate inner eastern, western and northern residential historic neighborhoods as the Baltimore City National Heritage Area has been established. Under the same NPS and USDI influence and direction, with local supervision from city and state historical professionals, a series of new additional huge plaques have been mounted on streetside poles with illustrations, maps and text of the various historic sites, buildings, monuments and various tours of the heritage areas in the immediate block of that particular sign. On the other side is similar material for the BCNHA in general, and exhibits/tours available to be led and run out of the Visitors Center pavilion, along the western shore of the "Inner Harbor", with the additional printed brochures containing maps, pictures and text plus the material available on an internet website. Prominent display is given to the African-American heritage in the southwest "Sharp-Leadenhall" and northwest "Upton/Druid Hill" areas by the Pennsylvania Avenue commercial and entertainment/social district. It points out the Leadenhall Church site and many other black churches and institutions with the homes and locations of significant people.

</doc>
<doc id="21439497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439497" title="Rémi (politician)">
Rémi (politician)

Rémi is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected from the Fanjava Velogno party; he represents the constituency of Antsohihy.

</doc>
<doc id="21439501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439501" title="Bob Vines">
Bob Vines

Robert Earl "Bob" Vines (February 25, 1897 – October 18, 1982) was an American professional baseball pitcher. Vines played for the St. Louis Cardinals in and the Philadelphia Phillies in . In 5 career games, he had a 0–0 record with a 9.82 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Vines was born in Waxahachie, Texas and died in Orlando, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21439510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439510" title="Zalifa Bente Salim">
Zalifa Bente Salim

Zalifa Bente Salim is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected from the Fanjava Velogno party; she represents the constituency of Analalava.

</doc>
<doc id="21439541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439541" title="Barijaona Andriambelosoa">
Barijaona Andriambelosoa

Barijaona Andriambelosoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Fandriana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439550" title="Harinjatovo Rakotondramanana">
Harinjatovo Rakotondramanana

Harinjatovo Rakotondramanana is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Mahajanga.

</doc>
<doc id="21439569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439569" title="Jonah Justin Pikulas">
Jonah Justin Pikulas

Jonah Justin Pikulas is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Maintirano.

</doc>
<doc id="21439575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439575" title="Marie Anne de Bourbon (disambiguation)">
Marie Anne de Bourbon (disambiguation)

Marie Anne de Bourbon (1666–1739) legitimised daughter of Louis XIV of France and Louise de La Vallière, wife of Louis Armand I, Prince of Conti.
Marie Anne de Bourbon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21439577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439577" title="Patrice Rakotoarimanana">
Patrice Rakotoarimanana

Patrice Rakotoarimanana is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Andilamena.

</doc>
<doc id="21439578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439578" title="Château de Sauvan">
Château de Sauvan

The Château de Sauvan is an 18th-century French manor located in the commune of Mane, near Forcalquier in the Department Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France. The gardens of the chateau are classified as one of the notable gardens of France by the French Ministry of Culture. 
Privately owned, and classified as a French historical monument since 1957, the Château de Sauvan is sometimes called "The Petit Trianon of Provence," because of its resemblance to that building.
History.
The château was built between 1719 and 1720 by Marquis Joseph Palamède de Forbin-Janson, on a plan of the architect Jean-Baptiste Franque from Avignon.
The château is in the form of classical one-story rectangle, with a balcony supported by four columns and a triangular pediment. The roof is hidden behind a balustrade. During the French Revolution the pediment was damaged by hammers, but otherwise the building suffered little damage. 
During the French Revolution, the Comtesse and Princesse de Gallean Forbin-Janson, the owner of this Château, who resembled Queen Marie-Antoinette, is said to have offered to try to save the Queen by taking her place in the cells of the Conciergerie in Paris, where she was being held prisoner. She brought together a million francs, her entire fortune, to finance the project, but the Queen rejected the offer, sending her a note saying, "I cannot, and do not want to accept the sacrifice of your life. Adieu." When the plot was exposed, the Countess was forced to go abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="21439581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439581" title="IHH (Turkish NGO)">
IHH (Turkish NGO)

IHH Humanitarian Relief Foundation (Turkish: İHH İnsani Yardım Vakfı; full Turkish name: İnsan Hak ve Hürriyetleri ve İnsani Yardım Vakfı, in English: The Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief) or İHH is a Turkish NGO, whose members are predominantly Turkish Muslims, active in more than 100 countries.
Established in 1992 and officially registered in Istanbul in 1995, İHH provides humanitarian relief in areas of war, earthquake, hunger, and conflict. The İHH holds Special Consultative Status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council since 2004 Current president of the İHH is Fehmi Bülent Yıldırım.
The İHH was owner and operator of three flotilla ships involved in an aid convoy intended to breach the blockade of Gaza in 2010. These ships included the MV "Mavi Marmara", a passenger vessel that served as the flagship of the convoy. Nine passengers, many of them members or volunteers for the İHH, aboard the "Mavi Marmara" were killed in a clash with Israeli forces that raided the vessel as it was on its way to Gaza.
Background.
The Istanbul-based Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief (İHH) is an Islamic charity group that was formed to provide aid to Bosnian Muslims in the mid-1990s. It has been involved in aid missions in Pakistan, Ethiopia, Lebanon, Indonesia, Iraq, Palestine, Sudan, Somalia, Ghana, Mongolia, China, Brazil, Argentina and other places.
The organization is active in Turkey, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, South America, Central Asia, South Asia, and the Caucasus. İHH has held Special Consultative status as an NGO (non-governmental organization) in the United Nations Economic and Social Council since 2004. İHH is the organizer of Africa Cataract Project which aims to fight against blindness in Africa.
Mission and Trustees.
The IHH aims to reach every region hit by wars, disasters, poverty and human rights abuses, and believes that civilian
initiatives play a complementary role beside intervention by states and international organizations in resolving humanitarian problems. It is also their goal todeliver humanitarian aid to all people and take necessary steps to prevent any violations against their basic rights and liberties.
These goals are achieved through the delivering of foodstuffs, clothes and tents to crisis regions hit by wars, conflicts, and natural disaster to meet urgent needs of victims. The foundation further provides health services in drought and aridity-stricken regions where poverty and deprivation have become chronic, and carries out long-term projects that aim at enabling local peoples stand on their own feet. For those wanting to work with the organization, some emphasized activities include take active part in their activities, making donations or fund-raising, organizing seminars, and distributing posters.
Trustees of the organization include:
Memberships and recognition.
The Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief belongs to a number or organizations, including the UN's Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) in the special consultative status, the Organization of Islamic Conference's (OIC) Humanitarian Forum, the Council of International Organizations for Relief in Iraq, the Union of Non-governmental Organizations of the Islamic World (UNIW), and the Turkish Foundation for Volunteer Organizations (TGTV). The group 
has also received the following recognitions:
Humanitarian activities.
The İHH provides social aid, Muslim cultural aid, educational aid, sanitary aid, emergency aid programs in 120 countries. It provides health care and water wells in Africa and runs the Africa Cataract Project, begun in 2007, in ten African countries. İHH has made it possible for thousands of people who are suffering from cataracts but who do not have the economic means to be treated to see again. İHH built 1174 water wells in Africa.
İHH sent two cargo planes to Haiti with 33 tons of humanitarian aid supplies after the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
In December 2007, Today's Zaman wrote that "various civil society organizations such as Kimse Yok Mu? (Is Anybody There?), Deniz Feneri (Lighthouse), the Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief (İHH) and Can Suyu assisted thousands of charitable donors in reaching out to poverty-stricken residents of the Kurdish-dominated eastern and southeastern regions of Turkey."
World Bulletin wrote in August 2009 that hundreds of water wells were dug and fountains were built in an aid effort under the leadership of Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief (İHH) across African countries. Several Turkish nongovernmental organizations, such as Kimse Yok Mu? (Is anybody there?), the Humanitarian Aid Foundation (İHH) and Deniz Feneri (lighthouse), also provided aid to storm survivors in Bangladesh.
İHH previously sent packages containing flour, legumes, oil and sugar to 350 families residing in Zewaya Dugda, one of the poorest regions in the Ethiopia.
The UN announced that around 6 million children in Ethiopia faced risk of acute under-nutrition and urged countries to send aid.
After the earthquake in Indonesia, Doctors Worldwide and The Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief (IHH) sent volunteers and aid to Indonesia.
İHH opened mosques, dug waterwells, distributed Qur'ans, organized iftars, aiding orphans and refugees in Darfur.
In Gaza, the İHH is renovating the port, funding a Turkish-Palestinian school and plans to build a hospital and apartments for Gazans made homeless during the Gaza War.
Collaboration with the United Nations.
IHH has been involved with the United Nations in a number of ways. For example, the Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief attended the 44th Session of the Commission for Social Development and contributed to the panel discussion for the eradication of poverty. The group has attended other meetings, including:
Refugees (UNHCR)
Africa Cataract Project.
The project aims at performing 100.000 free cataract surgery operations in ten African countries: Sudan, Ethiopia, Somalia, Chad, Niger, Togo, Benin, Gana, Mali, and Burkina Faso. Volunteer Turkish surgeons and nurses take part in the project and travel to African countries for surgery. One of the objectives of the program is to offer free eye care for needy people. The Turkish International Cooperation and Development Agency and Turkey's and Sudan's Ministries of Health are supporting the project. All surgeries are broadcast live on the project website and the IHH website.
In 2011, IHH worked with Turkish aid groups like Kimse Yok Mu, the Turkish Red Crescent (Kızılay) and Doctors Worldwide in Somalia. IHH aid reached a total of 376,777 people. Relief efforts, totaling TL 2,420,612, included food and medicine distributions, digging 70 water wells, health screenings, fitr (alms) donations and iftars (fast-breaking meals). With regards to its work in Somalia, one worker said that "the İHH already has been working in Somalia for the last 15 years in the fields of education and social and medical care. As for the food crisis, the activities will continue for at least another three years because the drought has spread and it sounds like it's not over. But as for other fields, the İHH is there and the activities will continue." He continued that "in order to help families of orphans to make a living and stand on their own two feet, we gave the families of 40 orphans sewing machines and cows, while we gave another 20 families sesame and flour milling machines. In addition, the İHH offered medical examinations to 400 orphans and treated 137 children with various diseases."
Aid to Pakistan.
In 2010, the ship "Gazze" set sail for Pakistan to deliver humanitarian aid to the people affected by floods in the country. The ship carried 3,000 tons of humanitarian supplies including, medicine, food, generators, clothes and tents.
In 2011, IHH worked with the Khubaib Foundation to distribute relief goods amongst 500 flood stricken families in Lakki Marwat, a southern district of Pakistan. Some of the items included 270 containers which contained both food and non-food items. This was among clothes, shawls, footwear, and food items including rice, beans, canned food, power milk and children's cereal that were also distributed.
Libyan civil war 2011.
In response to the humanitarian situation during 2011 Libyan civil war, IHH sent a cargo ship carrying nine containers, 141 tons of humanitarian aid including medication, food packages, infant formula, milk powder, hygiene kits and clothing. The ship set sail from Turkey and dropped anchor in Malta.
Xinjiang conference.
The IHH worked with the Istanbul Peace Platform to host a conference focused on China's traditionally Turkic Muslim region of Xinjiang and which aimed to highlight the remote region's problems in the wake of July 2009 communal clashes. Official government sources said nearly 200 people were killed and 1,600 wounded in July 2009 riots in Xinjiang's capital, Ürümqi, in the worst ethnic unrest in China in decades. Beijing claimed the riots were orchestrated by overseas activists for the rights of Uighurs, historically Xinjiang's largest ethnic group. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has called the violence in Xinjiang “a kind of genocide.”
Response to 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami.
The IHH Humanitarian Relief Foundation sent a rescue team of 5 to the Japan. IHH deputy chairman Yaşar Kutluay said "we sent our team to Japan which also went to Haiti due to the earthquake and to Pakistan due to the floods and lastly went to Tunisia and Libya due to the recent developments. Our team will contact with Japanese authorities to organize relief works. Our team will bring sonar system and search and rescue equipments."
The IHH aid team conducted relief efforts in Sendai which was most heavily devastated by the earthquake and took relief to around 5.000 people. Güzel said Sendai has turned into a ghost city in the aftermath of the quake disaster and ensuing tsunami and it may take long years for Japan to recover from the aftereffects of the disaster. Güzel noted that the humanitarian crisis in Japan may deteriorate if international aid is not provided to the country.
IHH and the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid.
In January 2010, the Free Gaza Movement and İHH announced a joint venture to send ten vessels to the Gaza strip in the spring of 2010, a flotilla to be further joined by organizations from Greece, Ireland and Sweden.
On 30 May 2010, a flotilla of six ships carrying 663 activists from 37 nations rendezvoused near Cyprus and set sail for Gaza. The stated intention of the Gaza flotilla, like for earlier flotillas organized by the Free Gaza Movement, was to break through Israel's blockade of the Gaza strip and to deliver humanitarian supplies. The İHH spent more than $2 million on the ships. İHH activists were set apart from other activists involved in the mission by a willingness to resist Israeli forces.
On 31 May 2010, after the IHH refused that the IDF will check the ship's cargo in Ashdod port, Israeli forces intercepted the fleet in the international waters. On the MV "Mavi Marmara", one of the ships owned and operated by the İHH, clashes broke out. In the clashes, nine activists were killed (Eight Turkish nationals and a Turkish-American), and dozens of activists and seven Israeli commandos were wounded. On three other ships, activists showed passive resistance, which was suppressed by Israeli forces without deaths or injuries, and two others were taken without incident. The activists were subsequently arrested and detained in Israel before being deported. Widespread international condemnation of the raid followed, Israel-Turkey relations were strained, Israel subsequently eased its blockade of the Gaza strip, and Egypt lifted its blockade, opening its Rafah Border Crossing with the Gaza Strip.
On 18 June 2010, the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs released video footage of a rally on board the Mavi Marmara the day before the raid in which the İHH President Fehmi Bülent Yıldırım declared to dozens of activists: "And we say: 'If you send the commandos, we will throw you down from here to the sea and you will be humiliated in front of the whole world'", as participating passengers chant "millions of martyrs marching to Gaza!"
In September 2011, a United Nations report, after analysis of both Turkey and Israeli national investigations, concluded that the Israeli blockade was legal, but that Israel army used excessive force in this incident. The report also mentioned "serious questions about the conduct, true nature and objectives of the flotilla organizers, particularly IHH."Palmer Report 2011, p. 4.
İHH abstained from the 2011 flotilla, citing outstanding damage to the Mavi Marmara.
In September 2011, Istanbul Deputy Public Prosecutor Ates Shasan Sozen told the Turkish daily Today's Zaman that the IHH identified and submitted a list of 174 IDF soldiers to the Prosecutor's Office.
Post-flotilla perceptions of IHH's affiliations.
The flotilla event generated mixed perceptions of IHH. The group was described as a humanitarian group and as a charity following the flotilla event; however, the group was also challenged for alleged affiliations with organizations such as Hamas. Critics charged the allegations arose after the raid simply because of the scale of the political fallout from the raid. IHH maintained that the best way to judge it was its behavior and responded that "we collected US$1 million (Dh3.7m) for victims of the Haiti earthquake, and we delivered our aid in a church there." Other IHH officials said the organisation is opposed to violence and relies on donations from the Turkish public, up to 80 per cent of which come from poor families.
Some of the allegations included that IHH has been banned in Germany, that IHH has raised funds for jihadi fighters in Bosnia, Chechnya, and Afghanistan, that French intelligence has documented calls between the group and an Al Qaeda boarding house in Milan, Italy, as well as Algerian militants in Europe, and that IHH reportedly played an "important role" in the Millennium bomb plot against LAX airport, Los Angeles.
That IHH was banned in Germany later turned out to be a mixup between the Turkish İnsan Hak ve Hürriyetleri and the banned German Internationale Humanitäre Hilfsorganisation. The U.S. government said it "cannot validate" any relationship or connection between İHH and al-Qaida. Turkish authorities made no further efforts after the raid regarding support for Bosnian, Chechen and Afghan fighters and IHH replied that there was an acquittal in the court case and nothing ever came of the charges. Testimony regarding IHH and the Millennium bomb plot was thrown out in court by a judge because it would "necessarily be based upon hearsay".
Response from IHH.
An IHH board member responded in the "Los Angeles Times" that IHH provides charity in more than 100 countries. He stated there was no proof that IHH has any connections to Al Qaeda or its affiliates, and also said that its involvement with Bosnia and Chechnya amounted to food, clothes and medicine. Those who ""accuse us of terrorism are the very people who kill innocent victims,"" said Ali Cihangir, an IHH board member, referring to the Israeli raid on the Mavi Marmara that left nine Turkish activists dead. ""There are political reasons countries are saying this about us.""
Involvement with Muslim Brotherhood and Syria.
According to "The Times", a Free Syrian Army commander said that a boat carrying weapons docked in Syria in September 2012 and ""was registered to members of the IHH, which has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood"". Samar Srewel, an FSA activist who had helped to organize the consignment, told "The Times": "“It was clear from that second what was happening. The Muslim Brotherhood, through its ties in Turkey, was seizing control of this ship and the cargo. This is what they do. They buy influence with their money and guns.”"
Turkish Police Raid.
Anadolu Agency reported that two employees of IHH, were detained for alleged links to al-Qaida, in a Turkish anti-terrorism police raids on 13 January 2014. IHH spokesman said that police searched its office in Kilis, near the border with Syria, and detained one of its employees. Another IHH employee was detained in Kayseri after a police raid at his home.

</doc>
<doc id="21439585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439585" title="Jean-Claude Rakotonirina">
Jean-Claude Rakotonirina

Jean Claude Rakotonirina is a Malagasy politician, currently serving as Minister of Trade.
He was elected to the National Assembly of Madagascar in the 2007 parliamentary election as an independent representing the constituency of Vohipeno. In the National Assembly, he was part of the Parliamentary Group for Democracy and Development. On 13 February 2009, opposition leader Andry Rajoelina appointed him as Minister of Trade in his rival government; Rajoelina's rival government officially took power on 17 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21439591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439591" title="Cyriaque Alexandre Rambolazafy">
Cyriaque Alexandre Rambolazafy

Cyriaque Alexandre Rambolazafy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Ivohibe.

</doc>
<doc id="21439596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439596" title="Miho Fukuhara">
Miho Fukuhara

In early 2013, Fukuhara signed on to be the frontwoman of the worldwide music project Sweetbox, along with rapper/singer LogiQ Pryce
Life and Music Career.
Early Endeavors.
Fukuhara, initially, was signed to the independent, local Sapporo-based Yumechika Records label and released her debut single and mini album, titled "The Roots" and "Step Out" respectively. She performed in-store lives to sell her records during 2006, which prompted Sony Music Japan to pick her up as a performing artist. Her first major-released appearance was on a Celine Dion Tribute album singing "Because You Loved Me".
Meager Beginnings & "Rainbow".
Taking the hot-seat in headlining her own career, she released her first single in early 2008 to varied success. Penning her own lyrics and co-producing the song, "Change" was a big hit in terms of radio airplay, reaching as high as the top 3, but only managing the 14th position in terms of sales. The single came in only one format, which is unusual for Japanese maxi singles in this age. She released her second single, "Himawari", to even more lackluster success than "Change". It failed to impact top 10 in terms of airplay and also only narrowly made the top 25 in the sales category. It wasn't until her third single, Yasashii Aka, that she had real major success. It was, first and foremost, her first single to be released in multiple formats. Although it was neither as strong on airplay or as a seller as "Change" was, it sold well digitally, and become her first single to become certified by the RIAJ. It was the number 17 song of December 2008 and quickly become certified gold. Her follow-up song, would match the success of "Yasashii Aka" similarly and ultimately surpass it, also going gold and becoming the number 10 song of January 2009.
She released her debut album "Rainbow", which was mainly penned and co-produced by Fukuhara herself, in January, 2009, with "Yuki no Hikari" as the digital/radio single helping to promote the album. "Yuki no Hikari" peaked at #50 on the Japan Hot 100, becoming her lowest charting single. With strong label backing, however, the album peaked at #2 and was beat only by the successful 7th album by legendary pop-star Kumi Koda. "Rainbow" went on to sell nearly 100,000 copies and become certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. Fukuhara later embarked on the successful "Rainbow Tour 2009", which spanned 6 shows spanning multiple cities. She performed a mix of covers, original songs from "Rainbow", and b-sides.
Post-"Rainbow".
Following her debut album, she released her next single "Hanabi Sky" in June 2009. It was another major airplay hit, peaking at number 3. Overall, the single peaked at number 5, but only received number 26 for sales. She quickly announced her next single, "Let It Out", second ending theme to popular anime "" in early July. "Let It Out" is both Fukuhara's first major anime tie-in and her first single to be released in 3 separate formats, and was released on September 9, 2009. While it was a much bigger hit than "Hanabi Sky", it still fared relatively poorly in terms of both physical and digital sales in comparison to her previous singles "Love: Winter Song", "Change" and "Yasashii Aka".
Her next single, "Nande Nakitaku Nacchau n Darou" was set for release on December 12, 2009. The song's coupling song, "Cry No More", was described as a song which would make you cry.
On May 23, 2012 her new single "Save Me" featuring Leona Lewis was released.
Sweetbox.
In early 2013, it was announced that Fukuhara signed on to be the newest frontwoman of the worldwide Pop music project Sweetbox along with male singer/rapper, LogiQ Pryce. The two recorded their first album Z21 in the first part of 2013 and released their first single #Z21 (#Zeitgeist21) in June 2013, shortly after Miho released her single "BEYOND".
Artistry.
Fukuhara's voice was classified as Lyric Soprano with four octave vocal range (from a low C3 up to soprano high D6).
Discography.
Singles.
1 Digital/Radio single
Concerts.
Concert Tours.
2009: "Rainbow Tour 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="21439599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439599" title="Maurisson Randrianarivony">
Maurisson Randrianarivony

Maurisson Randrianarivony is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Maevatanana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439607" title="Bary Jacobson Hoyme Ratsimbazafy">
Bary Jacobson Hoyme Ratsimbazafy

Bary Jacobson Hoyme Ratsimbazafy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Manandriana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439608" title="Old Town Friends' Meetinghouse">
Old Town Friends' Meetinghouse

Old Town Friends' Meetinghouse, also known as Aisquith Street Meeting or Baltimore Meeting, is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick building which has undergone several alterations over the years. It is the oldest religious building in the city, having been built in 1781 by contractor George Mathews.
Old Town Friends' Meetinghouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21439615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439615" title="Bernard Ravelonjato">
Bernard Ravelonjato

Bernard Ravelonjato is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Miarinarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21439623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439623" title="Aurélie Marie Augustine Razafinjato">
Aurélie Marie Augustine Razafinjato

Aurélie Marie Augustine Razafinjato is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as an independent; she represents the constituency of Vohibato.

</doc>
<doc id="21439625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439625" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Fremont County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fremont County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Fremont County, Colorado.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Fremont County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 23 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21439630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439630" title="Truth's Triumph">
Truth's Triumph

"Truth's triumph : or, A witness to the two witnesses from that unfolded parable of Our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, the High and mighty God : Matthew, chap. 13, verse 30 to 42" was a book written by Thomas Tomkinson in 1676 as a compendium of the Muggletonian faith and to combat popular misconceptions about it. Professor Lamont describes it as Tomkinson's "own greatest contribution".
Introduction.
Thomas Tomkinson says he will discuss the fundamentals of the faith under eight heads.
The reader is warned that "The Scriptures calls things that are not, as though they were; and sets that first which should be last, and last which should be first; to the end that Reason should never find out the meaning of God in the Scriptures."
Throughout his book, Tomkinson relates his text back to Gospel of Matthew 13: 37 to 42, wherein Jesus explains the parable of the tares.
The True God.
Tomkinson dispatches a common atheist objection. He agrees it is common sense that everything which has a beginning is likely to have an end, too. But it does not follow from this that humans are merely transient beings. Adam was formed from earth and water, 'elements' which the Muggletonians say have existed for all eternity. Thus, humans will be capable of being resurrected as bodies in a glorified condition at world's end. Then, each will have a full understanding of paradise which can only be partially glimpsed now as inner peace and bliss.
Similarly, God could not be an infinite spirit that would have "infused itself into the whole creation" because any meaningful distinction between Creator and creature would then be lost. Tomkinson tries to explain why his notion of a 'spiritual body' does not conjure up a phantom. "The form of the uncreated Majesty, before he became flesh did not consist of any elementary matter, but it was a bright shiny glory of uncompounded purities of so unutterable a nature in virtue, as that it was swifter than thought, clearer than crystal, sweeter than roses, more purer than the purest gold, yea, and more infinitely glorious than the sun." The 'swifter than thought' quote is to contradict Quakers who had fun ridiculing an embodied God lumbering round the universe trying to keep up with events. So, comparing man and God, it was "not the visibility of their persons that differed, but the glory of them only." Tomkinson advances two reasons why this must be so. Firstly, he argued that God created man in his own image and that righteousness and holiness cannot act unless they are embodied in an agent. Secondly and ingeniously, that many of the virtues of God relate to states of being and that would be meaningless without a body to be in.
"Now the learned professors resist this doctrine," Tomkinson advises us. Yet this is what mystery means. Those wedded to reason will always look to the bare letter of the law and to their own proud reasonings. Whereas those born of the seed of the woman "can trace the footsteps of the prophets till they come to the paths of God and so find him out and know him."
Tomkinson thinks the impure motives behind the idea of God being pure spirit are only too obvious. He says it was originally a pagan form of self-flattery to imagine there was a little bit of God in us all. He traces its history from Nimrod, through Pythagoras to Pliny the Elder and tells how they loved to commission statues of themselves to impress others. Scriptural literalists (from Augustine to Richard Baxter) fall into a similar error of human imaginings. Yet there was always an underground stream of the truth. He cites the followers of Sabilis which we would probably label Sabellianism. Also the Athrapamorphets. These truth-sayers were persecuted by the dominant culture due to the take-over of the church by the state and because the Apostles "preached the faith in a personal God, but in that they clothed it within the appellation of several titles, it appeared more intricate and mysterious" than it really was.
Tomkinson summarises his reasons why an embodied God is the "true lip of heaven".
Wrong doctrine tends to result in evil fruit and Tomkinson expresses this with a remarkable extended metaphor. "Like as to a man that goeth into his garden more for the love of the colour and beauty of an herb or flower than for its virtue or goodness; being thereunto enslaved either from his own fancy, or because of an ancient praise to that colour, is not to be reputed wise." In other words, received opinion and tradition do not make for truth. Reason is solely a strategy for marshalling the facts to fit a settled opinion of one's own. In this, God's law counts for nothing but what it will fetch in the course of debate. He gives an example of such atheism as Dr More's "Natural Cabala" Dr More is reported as giving a remarkably Muggletonian description of God's features then saying that scripture only uses this language so that "vulgar opinion" can understand it. And learned people misunderstand it, warns Tomkinson.
"Behold your Redeemer who came skipping upon the mountains, bringing glad tidings of peace." Tomkinson says this role of God appearing as redeemer is foretold as of old. He sets out Lanctansius' Lactantius "ancient prophecies of Christ from one of the Sibels." These stress that Christ will make no effort to defend himself against the wrath of the rulers or to justify himself before them. Tomkinson discusses the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and the Book of Enoch at great length including Enoch's special role as protector of the Angels. He makes the point that because men lived so long in those days (Enoch being 380 years old by the time old Adam died) they did not write things down because their memories were a more durable medium than manuscript!
Tomkinson sets out seven arguments to confound the seven anti-churches mentioned in Revelation, all of whom are Trinitarian.
The Two Seeds.
The doctrine of the two seeds (the seed of the woman versus the seed of the serpent) explains the conflict of natures found within everyone. Good and evil cannot derive from one source; evil cannot come from God and is never simply the misapplication of things intended for good. This mixing of seeds first began when the sons of Seth took wives from the daughters of wicked men. So, even Abraham had both seeds within him. It is which seed comes to the top in a person which will determine his or her fate at the end of time with the judgment of the 'second death'. Hence the Lord loved Jacob and hated Esau before they had done either good or evil. Yet Esau gained great blessings along the way even if he will ultimately be cursed by the bad seed within. This form of inheritance means, generally, "it is a great privilege to be a child of a good parent." Or, as Tomkinson memorably puts it; bastard begets bastard. This is a parallel to the way there is generally a physical resemblance between child and parent and it explains Rebecca's anguish, "if Jacob takes a wife of the daughters of Heth ... what good will my life do me?" Yet the rule is not rigid and, ultimately, its workings are a mystery of God's will.
The Right Devil.
Tomkinson makes great sport in surveying the churches' views on the nature of the devil. One popular argument was that he is made of air. "There was one Burgatus confessed that when the devil gave him his hand, it felt cold; this is brave university learning, a tale of jack pudding; these cold devils might do well to get into hell to warm them." Then he makes his serious point that the church teaches a lot about the devil without being able to agree what this devil is.
Most apparitions are the "imagination of dark frased reason in wicked men." It is the workings of fear on an uneasy conscience that plays such tricks. Yet Tomkinson agrees that signs were given to the prophets of old and these were both by natural means and divine intervention into nature. Hence Jehovah defeated the enemies of Israel; "the noise of a shaken leaf shall chase them and they shall fly as flying from the sword, when none pursueth." But there can be no deliberate conjuration. "Those frogs, grasshoppers and lice that Moses brought up in the sight of Pharoah were real living substances, but those the magicians produced were nothing but shadows." Tomkinson admits witches have an excellent understanding of nature and that is how they dupe those who do not. It is not wrong to say the victim is bewitched. "The imagination of the mind doth do and conceive strong things." Thus, we may swoon when we see another's blood, or vomit when we see something foul, or experience vertigo at a great height. Also, that is why a faith in God works more powerfully in us than a faith in nature itself.
Since Cain, the only devil is within man. Yet Tomkinson acknowledges that God, who can cause no evil, can stir up the reason within a person that causes evil. For example, David's temptation to number the people. No Satan is involved; only David himself. That is why, after the deed was done, "David's heart smote him." This temptation is popularly called "the cares of the world."
The Great Delusion is to wish to appear important in God's sight. Hence, history is full of religious martyrs who will only die at the second death. "They have chosen their own ways, and their soul delighteth in their abominations. I also will chose their delusions." The weapon against this delusion is humility of heart. As the enemy is within, so is the remedy. It is faith and the obedience of a humble heart that can make a useful servant out of reason. Reason is but desire. The desire for learning, riches and renown "all this is according to reason." Desire for righteousness simply will not work. The world will see to that. "From the works of the law no flesh shall be justified, because there is an inability to do what it requires ... because the declarations of divine truth are not only contrary to reason, but above its reach, and that makes wise men and diviners mad." Tomkinson illustrates his point by showing how reasonable Esau was to object to his treatment.
There is no trace of reason in God because reason is desire and God lacks nothing. Adam was not created in reason. Had it been otherwise, his problem could have been healed by natural learning and there would be no need of Christ and no need of faith. The worldly case against reason is that its products do not last: a great remedy for some human problem is devised but soon lost patience with and a new novelty is again demanded. Thus thy wisdom is thy woe. Reason should not be discarded but placed as subservient to faith. Reason, like fire and water, is a bad master but a good servant. Above all, one cannot use reason to seek out the Lord.
Predestination.
The seed of the woman is predestined to eternal life and the seed of the serpent to damnation. There is neither choice nor chance in this. It was God's purpose from the foundation of the world. If we did not know this of God, we would know nothing of God and would attribute everything to our own natures. "Here reason keeps a great clamour, and saith, doth God make man to damn him?" Tomkinson replies with the old story of the pots discussing their potter. Thus, repentance is a sign of God's grace working, not what calls forth the grace in the first place. People are not their own saviours because their efforts are always inadequate to the task. Those who live by good works and piety will get only the rewards of the law. On the other hand, what is in a person's heart is put there by God. Reason is at a loss here because it seems that God's requirements are so demanding, no one could satisfy them. Tomkinson retorts, "But what has God taken from you that has so weakened you?" Which is why Jesus came to call sinners, not the righteous. He gives the example of Mary Magdalen.
The Nature of the Law.
Both the reprobate angel and Cain were proud and wanted things done their own way. Hence Cain's sacrifice was unacceptable to God. The Mosaic Law was designed for an age of reason and pride. Such a law was not to bless the righteous, but to hobble those given to lawlessness. No written law can take away sin any more than washing with water can. But the gospel of Jesus is completely different. It is a composition of faith, not precepts, and the remedy available under this law is free grace. 
The seed of the serpent is not necessarily intent upon evil. But its attempts to do good are ineffectual because it is motivated by self-conceit. "It was said of Scipio when a beautiful strumpet was tendered to him to abuse himself withall, I would willingly (said he) were it not for the great place I am in."
The Mortality of the Soul.
"The common opinion of the world is that all men's souls are immortal and cannot, or do not die, but slip out of their bodies as out of a prison, into some other world, either of pleasure or misery."
Muggletonians believe that man has body and soul all-of-a-piece and, since the fall, has reason added to this. With sin comes defilement and death, but there is also God's promise that the seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's head. This is taken to mean that the elect shall not die the second death, although the seed of the serpent most definitely will. 
It is a complete misunderstanding, says Tomkinson, to believe that with every birth a soul comes from God. "Body and soul of man is but one living and dying essence, proceeding from nature." Regarding the death of the soul, Christ is our example. Christ could not have redeemed the elect from their sins if he had died only in the body. The elect, "being dead whilst in the grave ... although alive in the memory of Christ, which is the Book of Life, and the white stone and their new name written in it." "Thus we see no going to heaven until Christ come again to gather his elect." In like manner, the reprobate will suffer both in body and soul but not until the great day when Christ returns to this earth to separate the sheep and the goats.
The Devil's torments.
Tomkinson surveys what he regards as historical attitudes to hell. He says that the common manner of pagan writers was to see it as a place of cleansing and purifying rather than of punishment. A more modern view was that of Jacob Boehme that heaven and hell are within one another. Tomkinson jests, "but of late there is made a new discovery of another world placed in the moon and as habitable as this is." But none of these speculations is correct. Hell will be this earth after the end of time. "I will judge thee in the place thou wast created." "Their iniquity shall be upon their bones." The elect will be quickened to eternal life and the damned will be quickened to their torment. The damned shall come out of their graves as worms out of the earth and, after they have seen the elect rise up with Christ to heaven; the sun, stars and moon will cave in aflame. Then there will be blackness within and without as the earth is abandoned by God forever. The life of the damned will be to die forever in a hell that is their own bodies, tormented by the remembrance of sins they can never shake off. "Every evil action will arise afresh in the mind." Tomkinson is poetic, not forgiving. "There will never be any intermission of pain, for as soon as one phial of wrath is drank off, another is presented without stop or stay, coming rolling one upon another, like waves of the sea." This treatment will ensure new blasphemies against God for all eternity. With unusual grimness, Tomkinson remarks that if the reprobate seed "can make shift to disbelieve it, they may have the more ease and time to fit them for the everlasting burning by making their bodies and spirits like a dry thorny hedge, to receive the fury of that fire."
The Saint's Joys in Heaven.
"Then we shall be dunned in the teeth no more by scoffing Ishmalites," says Tomkinson, with apparent feeling. "For this know, there is no other righteousness available but that which is sowed in peace and love, silence and secrecy, as it is written, enter your chamber and be still." All-Saints Day will be a harvest of happiness. Each saint will greet his or her guardian angel. "Then shall we rest like infants in our Lord's arms." "We shall not know each other as to natural relations" as mother or wife but as a spiritual kinship. Each person will still be unique and distinguishable but in a "spiritual love-fire" not in earthly terms.
This kingdom is a kingdom of love, for love knows no opposition. Now that there is no more sin, why should we ever be angry again?

</doc>
<doc id="21439637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439637" title="Boniface Berthin Zakahely">
Boniface Berthin Zakahely

Boniface Berthin Zakahely is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Mananara Avaratra.

</doc>
<doc id="21439643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439643" title="Norovelomampionona Roberthine Rabetafika">
Norovelomampionona Roberthine Rabetafika

Norovelomampionona Roberthine Rabetafika is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Isandra Mivoatsa party; she represents the constituency of Isandra.

</doc>
<doc id="21439671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439671" title="Bubi">
Bubi

Bubi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21439675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439675" title="WOW Gospel 2009">
WOW Gospel 2009

WOW Gospel 2009 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released on January 27, 2009, it includes thirty songs and two bonus tracks on a double album. It reached number 27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2009, and number one on the Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart. The album cover pays tribute to the United States of America, particularly with the 2008 election and 2009 inauguration of U.S. President Barack Obama. (Coincidentally, this album was released "exactly" one week after the latter.)
"WOW Gospel 2009" has the only number one gospel chart hit: "Never Would Have Made It".

</doc>
<doc id="21439676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439676" title="Micekus">
Micekus

Micekus is a mountain in the east of Albania. Micekus has many peaks ranging from . The top height Micekus reaches is above sea level. Micekus contains some of Albania's largest mountain lakes. The river Mat flows to the western side of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="21439705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439705" title="Jonah Parfait Prezaly">
Jonah Parfait Prezaly

Jonah Parfait Prezaly is a Malagasy politician, currently serving as a member of the High Authority of the Transition (HAT) under President Andry Rajoelina. He is a member of the Economic Liberalism and Democratic Action for National Recovery (LEADER-Fanilo) party.
He was elected to the National Assembly of Madagascar in the September 2007 parliamentary election as the LEADER-Fanilo candidate in the constituency of Befandriana Nord, and he was the only LEADER-Fanilo candidate to win a seat.
President Marc Ravalomanana was forced to resign amidst a political crisis in March 2009, and opposition leader Andry Rajoelina took power. Rajoelina set up the High Authority of the Transition (HAT) as the ruling body, and Prezaly was appointed as one of the HAT's 44 members on 31 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21439708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439708" title="List of Boys Over Flowers chapters">
List of Boys Over Flowers chapters

There are 37 volumes of "Boys Over Flowers" released in Japan, the 34th English volume will be released by Viz Media in February 2009. The 37th volume is a collection of Hanazawa Rui stories more so includes a story of Tsukushi and the F4 in Paris, France.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21439714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439714" title="Jardin botanique littoral Paul Jovet">
Jardin botanique littoral Paul Jovet

The Jardin botanique littoral Paul Jovet (2.5 hectares) is a nonprofit botanical garden located at 31, avenue Bernoville Gaëtan, Saint-Jean-de-Luz, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Aquitaine, France. It is open several days per week in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was first envisioned in the 1980s by French botanist Paul Jovet (1896-1991) of the National Museum of Natural History in Biarritz. Its first landscaping and pond excavation took place in 1991, with first trees planted in 1996 and plant exchanges begun in 2003. In 2008 it opened to the public.
The garden focuses on regional flora and the seacoast's natural environment. It is set atop a rocky cliff about 50 meters above the Atlantic Ocean, conserves indigenous oak-pine forests and wetland areas, and provides a range of plant habitats for local flora. The grounds are organized as follows: magnolia collection, plants from five continents, useful garden, Atlantic oaks, rock garden, coastal heathland, cliff plants, botanical squares, dunes, wetlands, and coastal oak-pine forest.

</doc>
<doc id="21439715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439715" title="The Vengeance of Nitocris">
The Vengeance of Nitocris

"The Vengeance of Nitocris" is a short story by Tennessee Williams, written when Williams was 16 years old, and published in "Weird Tales" in its August, 1928 issue. The story is a "surprisingly lurid" tale of loosely historical fiction, based on the account of the semi-legendary female pharaoh Nitocris found in Herodotus. Williams was paid thirty-five dollars (almost $500 in 2013 money) for the story by "Weird Tales"; it was his first piece of stand-alone published fiction. Robert E. Howard's "Red Shadows", the story that introduced Solomon Kane, was the cover story.
Plot.
Nitocris is the sister of an unnamed pharaoh. When a bridge the pharaoh built across the Nile collapses, the pharaoh extinguishes the sacred fires of Osiris, defiles a temple with hyena sacrifices, and as a result dies at the hands of an angry mob of priests and citizens. Nitocris, now the empress, takes revenge for the execution of her brother for sacrilege by inviting his judges to a banquet in a magnificent temple she has constructed, feigning only a desire to atone for his offenses. In fact, the new temple is an elaborate death trap. Once they have gathered, she opens a sluice gate and allows the water of the Nile to drown them all, and takes a great deal of pleasure in their demise. Then, realizing that she cannot escape retribution, she has her "boudoir" filled with hot ashes and commits suicide by asphyxiation.
Themes.
Williams remarked about the story in a "New York Times" interview, that " I was sixteen when I wrote ["The Vengeance of Nitocris"], but already a confirmed writer, having entered upon this vocation at the age of fourteen, and, if you're well acquainted with my writings since then, I don't have to tell you that it set the keynote for most of the work that has followed." Despite the story's somewhat florid prose ("Hushed were the streets of many peopled Thebes. Those few who passed through them moved with the shadowy fleetness of bats near dawn, and bent their faces from the sky as if fearful of seeing what in their fancies might be hovering there..."), the story prefigures themes found in Williams's later plays. The tale features a strong female protagonist, possibly affected by madness; and a brother-sister relationship is central to its plot. A psychic bond of reciprocity between brother and sister, in that Nitocris expresses the belief that "even he must have considered his avenging adequate", is a theme that appears in several of Williams's later works, including "The Two Character Play", "Out Cry", and to some extent even "The Glass Menagerie". 
The story also reflects Williams's longstanding interest in Shakespeare; Williams noted that when he was ten years old, he had been "interested in blood and guts Shakespeare", and that his favorite Shakespeare play was "Titus Andronicus", the revenge tragedy. Williams's Nitocris has been called the first of a long series of Cleopatra figures appearing in his works, the result of his early reading of Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra"; these figures go on to include Blanche DuBois.

</doc>
<doc id="21439716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439716" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Grand County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grand County, Colorado

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Grand County, Colorado.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Grand County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 25 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21439722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439722" title="Shaarei Tfiloh Synagogue">
Shaarei Tfiloh Synagogue

Shaarei Tfiloh Synagogue is a historic synagogue located on Druid Hill Park at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The synagogue is significant due to its association with the immigration of Russian and Eastern European Jews to Baltimore. It is a rock-faced stone structure with large arched stained glass windows and a pedimented roofline surmounted by a central copper-clad dome. Its name means "Gates of Prayer" in Hebrew. Constructed from 1921 and 1927, it cost $285,000, and is one of the oldest functioning synagogue buildings in Maryland. It holds 700 men and 300 women.
At the time the synagogue was built, the surrounding "Park Circle" area was a thriving Jewish community. However, the Jewish community moved away from the neighborhood during the 1960s, primarily to Upper Park Heights, Randallstown, Pikesville, and Owings Mills. Eventually the synagogue ceased regular Sabbath (Saturday) services and only conducted services on the Jewish High Holy Days.
Beginning in the mid-2000s, the synagogue started conducting one "weekday" service a week, on Sunday mornings, in an effort to re-invigorate it, although Sabbath services are still not conducted. The synagogue is also occasionally used for special events (such as weddings) and as a location for "period" photography.
The Shaarei Tfiloh Congregation Cemetery is located on 5800 Windsor Mill Road. 
Shaarei Tfiloh Synagogue was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. It appeared in the 1999 movie "Liberty Heights". Howard Perlow and David Cordish are co-presidents and David E. Herman is the rabbi. As has been the case since its founding, the synagogue conforms to Orthodox teachings and practices, but welcomes all as worshipers and members, regardless of personal affiliation.

</doc>
<doc id="21439730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439730" title="Hobbico">
Hobbico

Hobbico, Inc. (Hobby Corporation of America) is located in Champaign, Illinois and is a manufacturer and distributor of hobby products including radio control airplanes, boats, cars and helicopters. Other products include plastic model kits, model rockets, model trains, slot cars, crafts, jigsaw puzzles and games. Its retail division, Tower Hobbies is the largest mail-order and internet retailer of hobby products in the world. The company has approximately 850 employees.
The company distributes about 300 brands of hobby products including several dozen proprietary product brands. Proprietary brands include: Revell, Monogram, Top Flite, Great Planes, AquaCraft Models, FlightPower (North America), Heli-Max, SuperTigre, O'Donnell, DuraTrax, RealFlight, MonoKote, Carl Goldberg Products, ElectriFly, Coverite, Dynaflite, Fuji-Imvac, FlyZone, Team Checkpoint, MuchMore Racing, VS Tank, Estes Industries and others. It is the exclusive distributor for Futaba radio control products in North and South America, for O.S. Engines in North America and Thunder Tiger in North and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="21439736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439736" title="1929 Buffalo Bisons (NFL) season">
1929 Buffalo Bisons (NFL) season

The 1929 Buffalo Bisons season was their ninth and final season in the league. The team marginally improved on their previous output of 0–5, winning one game. They finished tenth in the league.
After suspending operations halfway through the 1927 season, the Buffalo Bisons, name intact, returned for what turned out to be a farewell season, with Al Jolley (a former player for the Oorang Indians) taking over as head coach. Jolley's dubious trademark was his teams' lack of offensive production; the Bisons never scored more than 7 points in the entire season (they had been shut out thrice) until their final game, a 19–7 win over the Chicago Bears (ironically, the very team that had robbed them of a league title at the peak of the team's success in 1921). In their first seven games, the Bisons never led during regulation, holding this dubious feat until the 2012 Kansas City Chiefs broke the record at eight games during regulation. This was, however, still an improvement from their 1927 season, when the team failed to score "any" points in all but one of their games.
The still-struggling Bisons franchise was folded at the end of a 1–7–1 season. Though the league flirted with returning to Buffalo in the late 1930s and again in 1950, it did not do so until the AFL-NFL merger in 1970, which added the Buffalo Bills to the league.
Jolley went on to coach the Cincinnati Reds in 1933; true to form, Jolley's Reds set a record for fewest points scored per game in a season (3.8) in the modern era (which did not begin until 1932).

</doc>
<doc id="21439739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439739" title="Conjunto huasteco">
Conjunto huasteco

A conjunto huasteco is a type of Mexican folk ensemble. Often it consists of guitarra huapanguera, jarana huasteca and violin, but can also have other violins and guitars.
Its repertory covers sones huastecos in 3/4 and 6/8, and rancheras.

</doc>
<doc id="21439742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439742" title="List of television stations in Norway">
List of television stations in Norway

List of television stations in Norway.
Terrestrial channels.
These channels are available as via cable and satellite systems. (The Norwegian analogue terrestrial net is closed and replaced with a digital net. The NRK channels are open, the other channels are encrypted and subscriptions are sold by www.rikstv.no)
Transnational television channels.
Non-localised versions.
Channels shown in their original format, without local subtitles or local audio.

</doc>
<doc id="21439754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439754" title="Gaston Rakotobezanahary">
Gaston Rakotobezanahary

Gaston Rakotobezanahary is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Liaraike party; he represents the constituency of Benenitra.

</doc>
<doc id="21439771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439771" title="Abdoul Fatah (Malagasy politician)">
Abdoul Fatah (Malagasy politician)

Abdoul Fatah is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the first constituency of Antsiranana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439772" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Gunnison County, Colorado">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gunnison County, Colorado

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Gunnison County, Colorado. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21439783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439783" title="Mali i Mesit">
Mali i Mesit

Mali i Mesit is a mountain peak in the south of Albania and in the north of Greece. Mali i Mesit, which means 'Middle Peak' in English is, a peak in the mountain of Gramos. Mali i Mesit is high, making it one of the highest peaks of Gramos. It is also a place were Albanians used to travel to and from Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="21439788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439788" title="Hatsan at44">
Hatsan at44

The Hatsan AT 44 is a precharged pneumatic (PCP) air rifle made by Hatsan Arms company in Turkey. 
It is available in 4,5 mm, 5,5 mm and 6,25 mm caliber, both in 1-shot and magazine-feed versions. Magazines are 10-shot (4,5 mm version) or 9-shot (5,5 mm and 6,25 mm). It is available both with synthetic stocks (classic or thumbhole) and Turkish wallnut stock (only classic). There are also 2 versions dependant on the barrel, one with Turkish, one with Lothar Walther.
Long, or premium, version is available, which is 20 cm longer and has higher capacity air tank.
This airgun is used mostly for target shooting and plinking.

</doc>
<doc id="21439793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439793" title="Hassan Aly">
Hassan Aly

Hassan Aly is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Nosy Be.

</doc>
<doc id="21439796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439796" title="Theodore C. Blegen">
Theodore C. Blegen

Theodore Christian Blegen (16 July 1891 – 18 July 1969) was an American historian and author. Blegen was the author of numerous historic reference books, papers and articles written over a five decade period. His primary areas of focus were of the history of the state of Minnesota and of Norwegian-American immigration.
Background.
Theodore Christian Blegen was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota to Anna Regine (1854-1925) and John H. Blegen (1851-1928), both of whom had emigrated from Lillehammer, Norway. His father was a professor at Augsburg College in Minneapolis and played a central role in the Norwegian Lutheran Church in America. He was the younger brother of noted archaeologist, Carl Blegen.
During World War II, he directed the National Historical Service, preparing materials for the U.S. Army's G.I. Roundtable. Blegen’s undergraduate studies at Augsburg College B.A. (1910) were followed by graduate work at the University of Minnesota M.A. (1915), Ph.D. (1925) that led to a doctorate in history. In 1928, he was a Guggenheim Fellow and studied in Norway.
Career.
Blegen did high-school teaching at Fergus Falls, Minnesota, and at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, then served an apprenticeship at the Minnesota Historical Society in the arts of editing and meticulous research. He succeeded to the position of superintendent of the historical society. Blegen was a professor of history (1920–1927) at Hamline University in St. Paul, after which he moved to the University of Minnesota (1927–1939) where he was later dean of the graduate school (1940–1960). 
In 1925, Blegen was appointed the first managing editor of the Norwegian-American Historical Association. He was elected president of the Organization of American Historians in 1943. His career with the Minnesota Historical Society began in 1922. He served on the executive council and was superintendent until 1939. He returned to the Society as a research fellow in 1960 after his retirement from teaching. He was also one of the founders of the Forest History Society. He served two terms as president, was elected a Fellow of the Society in 1963, and for more than twenty years served on the Society's executive committee. The Forest History Society initiated the Theodore C. Blegen Award in 1972. 
Blegen received recognition in the form of honorary degrees from Hamline University, Carleton College, St. Olaf College, Luther College, and Augustana College. Blegen was made honorary doctor at the University of Oslo, 1938. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1946 and The Royal Norwegian Society from 1954. In 1950 he was knighted into the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. Blegen Hall on the University of Minnesota Twin Cities Campus is named after Theodore C. Blegen.The research papers of Dr. Blegen was located in the University Archives, University of Minnesota. The Minnesota Historical Society also has a collection of Theodore C. Blegen papers. 

</doc>
<doc id="21439800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439800" title="Olivier Donat Andriamahefaparany">
Olivier Donat Andriamahefaparany

Olivier Donat Andriamahefaparany is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the fifth constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21439806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439806" title="FC Bansko">
FC Bansko

FC Bansko () is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Bansko, currently playing in the B PFG, the second division of Bulgarian football. Its home matches take place at the Saint Petar Stadium.
The club was founded in 1951. Until the 2008-09 season, the team participated in either the amateurs Bulgarian divisions. After the union by the two clubs from Blagoevgrad – "Pirin" and "Pirin 1931", FC Bansko took licence of Pirin for participation in the West B PFG.
Current squad.
"For recent transfers, see List of Bulgarian football transfers summer 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="21439807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439807" title="Barison Claude Andriambololona">
Barison Claude Andriambololona

Barson Claude Andriambololona is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Kandreho. 

</doc>
<doc id="21439815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439815" title="Jean Paul Honoré Andrianantenaina">
Jean Paul Honoré Andrianantenaina

Jean Paul Honoré Andrianantenaina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Moramanga.

</doc>
<doc id="21439818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439818" title="Tommy Hinkley">
Tommy Hinkley

Tommy Hinkley (born May 31, 1960) is an American actor.
Life and career.
Hinkley's on-screen career now spans more than 20 years, and since the beginning it has been supplemented by a heavy dose of television guest roles, and periodic regular turns on TV series, including the short-lived Showtime series Hard Knocks, that also featured Bill Maher. He has also been known for his roles in such popular box office draws as "The Cable Guy" (1996), "Ocean's Thirteen" (2007) and "Leatherheads" (2008).
He also made several appearances in the first season of the sitcom "Mad About You" as Jay Selby, the best friend of Paul Buchman (played by Paul Reiser).
In 1995, he co-starred in the short-lived FOX Network sitcom "The Preston Episodes" with David Alan Grier.

</doc>
<doc id="21439825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439825" title="Solofo Andrianjafimahatratra">
Solofo Andrianjafimahatratra

Solofo Andrianjafimahatratra is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the sixth constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21439827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439827" title="List of Jingū">
List of Jingū

List of "Jingū".
The following list encompasses only some, but not all of the Heian period "Nijūnisha" shrines; and the modern shrines which were established after the Meiji Restoration are not omitted. In the list below, these shrines are marked with "‡". 
Ise Shrine is also known as "Jingū" with no further designation.

</doc>
<doc id="21439830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439830" title="Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast FF">
Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast FF

Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast Football Federation (IFFF) is a football governing body in the region of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine. The federation is a member of the Regional Council of FFU and the collective member of the FFU itself.
Overview.
The federation is in charge of the official football practices in the whole oblast. It consists of 28 collective members out which 14 member are the District Federations and 5 are the City Federations. There are 32 stadiums in the Oblast and 323 assigned football fields that lack seating to have installed. Also there are 476 assigned football playgrounds with 25 that have artificial surfacing. 
The federation also has over 300 registered adult and over 300 youth teams in 2008. There are 12 officials (referees) that represent the region. The IFFF has 2 Sport schools for Olympic Reserve and 33 other Sport schools. Beside the previously mentioned there are over 200 regular schools that have football in their curriculum with over 3000 classes available. The federation organizes over 3,000 youth competitions ranging from All-national to regional plus the one that are under the name of "Shkirianyi myach" (the Leather Ball) which is supervised by the Ukrainian Amateur Association. Also there are over 15,000 players registered with the federation from ages 8 through 36+.
Members of staff.
Viktor Anushkevishus
Volodymyr Shkvaryliuk
Bohdan Vovkovych
More detailed information is available here.
History.
The federation was established on January 23, 1991, although is listed on the official web-site of the Football Federation of Ukraine as on February 29, 1992. In the period 1919 - 1939, the city of Ivano-Frankivsk, known then as Stanislawow, belonged to Poland, and regional games were organized by Stanislawow branch of the Polish Football Association (see also Lower Level Football Leagues in Interwar Poland).
Previous Champions.
I Division Winners.
Note: In 1937-39 and 1993-99 the championship was organized by fall-spring calendar. In 1999 the main competition was shifted back to the summer calendar. Therefore there are two champions in 1999.
II Division Winners.
Note: In 1993-99 the championship was organized by fall-spring calendar. In 1999 the main competition was shifted back to the summer calendar. Therefore there are two champions in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21439832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439832" title="Haapsalu shawl">
Haapsalu shawl

Haapsalu shawl or Haapsalu scarf is a knitted lace shawl that originated in the seaside resort town of Haapsalu, Estonia during the early 19th century.
Description.
A traditional Haapsalu shawl is a rectangle measuring 100x100 to 150 x150 cm square. It consists of three parts - a center section, a border and an edge, which is knit separately and sewn to the border. The shawls are knit from fine lamb's wool yarn using #3 or #4 knitting needles. The master artisans knit the shawls so fine that they can be pulled through a ladies' wedding ring.
History.
Russian aristocrats, including the Romanov family, frequented Haapsalu to bathe in the healing mud salts. Those same spas are in operation today. Those early visitors recognized the trademarks of an artisan and bought the shawls as souvenirs and gifts. Later the Haapsalu shawl became known in Germany and Scandinavia and were sometimes displayed at exhibitions. 
Today.
The Knitters Guild of Haapsalu has preserved the tradition of the knitted lace shawl. There works are available at the museum in Haapsalu, Estonia.
Examples of this art can be seen by virtual tour of the Haapsalu Shawl Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21439834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439834" title="Bristol Blackhawks">
Bristol Blackhawks

The Bristol Blackhawks were an American football team which existed during the late 1980s and early 1990s in the city of Bristol, England. The team was founded by Phil "Camo Spud Mohammed" Cook. 

</doc>
<doc id="21439835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439835" title="SLATEC">
SLATEC

SLATEC Common Mathematical Library is a FORTRAN 77 library of over 1400 general purpose mathematical and statistical routines. The code was developed at US Government research laboratories and is therefore in the public domain.
"SLATEC" is an acronym for the Sandia, Los Alamos, Air Force Weapons Laboratory Technical Exchange Committee, an organization formed in 1974 to foster the exchange of technical information between the computer centers of three US government laboratories. 
Project history and current status.
In 1977, the SLATEC Common Mathematical Library (CML) Subcommittee decided to construct a library of FORTRAN subprograms to provide portable, non-proprietary, mathematical software that could be used on a variety of computers, including supercomputers, at the three sites. The computers centers of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, the National Bureau of Standards and the Oak Ridge National Laboratory also participated from 1980–81 onwards.
The main repository for SLATEC is Netlib. The current version is 4.1 (July 1993). Since then, a very small number of minor corrections has been made without incrementing the version number. 
The GNU Scientific Library (GSL), initiated in 1996 and stable since 2001, was started with the explicit aim to provide a more modern replacement for SLATEC.
Contents.
Each subroutine in SLATEC is tagged as belonging to one of 13 subpackages. Some of these subpackages are also well known as free-standing FORTRAN subprogram libraries, including BLAS, EISPACK, FFTPACK, LINPACK and QUADPACK. The following table shows all subpackages and the number of subroutines they contain:

</doc>
<doc id="21439868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439868" title="WASL (FM)">
WASL (FM)

WASL (100.1 - SL100FM) is a radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock radio format. Licensed to Dyersburg, Tennessee, USA, the station is currently owned by Burks Broadcasting, through licensee Dr Pepper Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of Dyersburg, LLC (dba Burks Beverage).
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21439877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439877" title="Leonel Saint-Preux">
Leonel Saint-Preux

Leonel Saint-Preux (born March 12, 1985 in Cap-Haïtien) is a Haitian footballer last played with FELDA United F.C. in Malaysia Super League.
Career.
Club.
Saint-Preux began his career with Haitian club Zénith, where he was generally regarded as one of the most promising footballing talents in the Ligue Haïtienne.
Saint-Preux signed with Minnesota Thunder of the USL First Division on April 15, 2009., and scored on his debut on April 18, 2009, in a game against the Austin Aztex. He then spent an extended period with Vietnamies club based in Hanoi.
In early March 2010 he pre-signed a two year contract with the Aztex, against whom he made his USL debut in 2009, but he was released before the season started after failing his medical.
International.
Saint-Preux has represented Haiti at various youth levels. He was a member of Haiti's qualifying squad for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, scoring a memorable 40 yard goal in his nation's 2-1 victory over Canada. He debuted for the full Haitian national team in 2007, and has since participated in several World Cup qualifying matches. He scored his first international goal on November 19, 2008, in a 1-1 tie against Suriname.
Honors.
""Prix d'Honneur et d'Excellence" -Association Jeunesse Excalibur/Global Youth Action Network, November 2008- "

</doc>
<doc id="21439878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439878" title="Alex Hermans">
Alex Hermans

Alex Hermans is a Paralympian athlete from Belgium competing mainly in category F36 shot put events.
He competed in the 1980 Summer Paralympics in Arnhem, Netherlands. There he won a gold medal in the men's Shot put - CP C event and a gold medal in the men's Long jump - CP C event. He also competed at the 1984 Summer Paralympics in New York, United States winning a gold medal in the men's Discus throw - C6 event, a gold medal in the men's Shot put - C6 event and went out in the quarter-finals of the men's 100 metres - C7 event. He also competed at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea winning a gold medal in the men's Shot put - C6 event. He also competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he won a gold medal in the men's Shot put - C6 event and finished seventh in the men's Discus throw - C7 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States., a silver medal in the men's Shot put - C6 event and finished fourth in the men's Discus throw - C7 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia winning a bronze medal in the men's Shot put - F36 event and finished fifth in the men's Discus throw - F36 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21439883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439883" title="Aeschynite">
Aeschynite

Aeschynite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21439901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439901" title="Jean David Baba">
Jean David Baba

Jean David Baba is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambanja.

</doc>
<doc id="21439904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439904" title="André Baozandrivelo">
André Baozandrivelo

André Baozandrivelo is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Vondrozo.

</doc>
<doc id="21439907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439907" title="Symphonia (theology)">
Symphonia (theology)

Symphonia ( "accord") is a concept (theory) in Eastern Orthodox Christian theological and political thinking, which posits that church and state are to be complementary and exhibit mutual respect.
The theory can be traced back to Roman Emperor Constantine the Great (324-337). Justinian I expressed this position when he said: "A distinction is drawn between the imperial authority and the priesthood, the former being concerned with human affairs and the latter with things divine; the two are regarded as closely interdependent, but, at least in theory, neither is subordinated to the other." Such a position is scripturally based as evidenced in several Old Testament texts; the most notable references being that of Melchizedek the priest-king and the brotherly relationship between Aaron, the high priest, and Moses, the leader of Israel from Egypt.
The theory is believed to have been embodied in the Byzantine Empire, where ecclesiastical and civil law were indivisible (the ecclesiastical laws were enacted by the emperor). It was reasserted in the "Stoglav", a church code promulgated in the Tsardom of Russia in 1551. In Stanley Harakas' view, "there are almost no existing presuppositions for its implementation as a system of Church-state relations in our times", and "at most, it presents 'an impossible ideal' in the contemporary world, which may illumine some attitudes for Orthodox Christians regarding their views of the well-ordered state as well as the relationship of the Church toward the state." 
The Symphonia theory became the subject of political discussion in Russia when it was brought up and dwelt upon by Patriarch Kirill of Moscow in President Dmitry Medvedev's presence the next day after Kirill's accession to the Patriarchal throne on February 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21439909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439909" title="Bemamy Beriziky">
Bemamy Beriziky

Bemamy Beriziky is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the second constituency of Antsiranana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439911" title="Romuald I (archbishop of Salerno)">
Romuald I (archbishop of Salerno)

Romuald I () (died 1 April 1136) was the Archbishop of Salerno from 1121 until his death. He had been the cardinal-deacon of Santa Maria in Via Lata from "c". 1109, and in that capacity served Pope Paschal II as a diplomat. Together with Pietro Senex, cardinal-bishop of Porto, he mediated between Landulf II, Archbishop of Benevento, and Landulf of Greca, the papal constable of the Duchy of Benevento, in 1114. Romuald found the archbishop to blame for the conflict, and the pope deposed him from his see at the Council of Ceprano in October that year. An eyewitness account of the proceedings against Landulf is found in Falco of Benevento.
He was consecrated archbishop of Salerno on 15 September 1121 by Pope Callixtus II; at the same time, he resigned his title of cardinal. During the papal schism of 1130–38 he supported antipope Anacletus II.

</doc>
<doc id="21439917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439917" title="Jocelyn Borida">
Jocelyn Borida

Jocelyn Borida is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Belo sur Tsiribihina.

</doc>
<doc id="21439920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439920" title="Marcus Forston">
Marcus Forston

Marcus Forston (born September 28, 1989) is an American football defensive tackle for the New England Patriots. Forston was signed by the Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2012. He played college football for the University of Miami.
High school career.
Forston was a three-year starter at Miami Northwestern High School. Forston helped lead Miami Northwestern to back-to-back Florida 6A state championships.
Forston had a strong junior year in 2006 earning 92 tackles and 20 sacks and was an instrumental part Miami Northwestern's Florida 6A State championship. Forston was named to the Miami Herald's All-Dade 6A-4A Football team. Forston's older brother, Dustin, played college football at Ole Miss and FAU.
Forston entered into his senior year as a heavily sought after recruit. Forston accounted for 72 tackles, earned 20 sacks, and forced 7 fumbles during his senior season at Miami Northwestern (2007), which often came while he was double-or triple-teamed. Moreover, Forston sometimes lined up at tight end on goal-line situations (he caught one touchdown pass). Forston earned county and state honors for his play and was named to the Miami Herald's All Dade First team and the State of Florida's All-State first team. Forston also earned national recognition being named to several All-American teams, including "USA Today", "Parade", and "EA Sports". Forston was chosen to represent East Team in the U.S. Army All-American game as a starter and was considered one of the best defensive tackles coming out of high school in 2008, earning comparisons to Warren Sapp. In 2010, "Rivals.com" called Forston—in retrospect—“maybe the best nose tackle prospect in the past five years.”
Forston was considered a five-star recruit by "Rivals.com" and was ranked the No. 1 defensive tackle in the nation. He chose Miami over Notre Dame, USC, Tennessee, and Alabama, calling Miami the "dream college right around the corner from my house."
College career.
Forston played as a true freshman (2008) and was instrumental role to the Miami Hurricanes' defensive rotation. During his freshman season, Forston recorded 17 tackles, with 4.5 tackles for loss, and 3 quarterback sacks. Forston was given the nickname “Big Boom” by his teammates.
Forston subsequently earned multiple All-Freshman honors and was named to "FWAA′s" Freshman All-America team, "College Football News′" All-Freshman first team, and "Rivals.com′s" 2008 Freshman All-America team.
His sophomore season (2009) was derailed by an ankle injury that kept Forston out for the season. Forston was thereby granted a medical redshirt for the 2009 season.
Forston came back strong during the 2010 season registering 37 total tackles(16 solo and 21 assisted), 12 tackles for loss, 3 quarterback sacks, 1 interception and 2 passes defended. Forston's final season was cut short because of a season-ending knee injury against Bethune-Cookman. Forston subsequently decided to forego his final season of eligibility and entered the NFL Draft.
Professional career.
2012 NFL Draft.
Forston entered the NFL Combine graded as the No. 15 prospect among defensive tackles. His workout performance was rather unimpressive, compared to other defensive line prospects. Projected as a seventh-round selection by "Sports Illustrated", Forston was ranked as the No. 24 defensive tackle available in the 2012 NFL Draft. Forston was not drafted in the 2012 NFL Draft.
New England Patriots.
Forston was signed as an UDFA after the draft by the New England Patriots. Forston initially made the team, but was waived on September 26. He was then resigned to the team's practice squad and was later activated by the New England Patriots. Forston played in one game during the season; a 31-30 week 3 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
Forston was waived by the New England Patriots entering the 2013 season, but was later signed to their practice squad. Forston was resigned by the New England Patriots after Vince Wilfork's season-ending injury. Forston registered one tackle for loss in 'New England's Week 6 30-27 win against the New Orleans Saints. Forston earned his first NFL start in New England's Week 7 30-27 loss to the New York Jets, registering two tackles, with one tackle for loss.

</doc>
<doc id="21439926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439926" title="Engine House No. 8 (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Engine House No. 8 (Baltimore, Maryland)

Engine House No. 8 was a historic fire station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was a two-story masonry building with a cast-iron street front, erected in 1871 in the Italianate style. The front featured a simple cornice with a central iron element bearing the legend "No. 8". Engine Company No. 8 operated from this building until 1912. In 1928 it became the motorcycle shop of Louis M. Helm and the upper story functioned as a clubhouse for a series of boys’ clubs into the 1940s.
Engine House No. 8 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. About 2002, the property was sold and the building was torn down. However, the cast-iron facade was saved, and the first floor cast-iron components were installed at the Fire Museum of Maryland, where the fire house has been put back together.

</doc>
<doc id="21439928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439928" title="Palestinian Popular Committees">
Palestinian Popular Committees

The Palestinian Popular Committees () was a Palestinian movement, founded in 1983. The movement emerged mainly amongst youths in the Yarmouk refugee camp in Damascus, Syria, after a split away from the Palestine Liberation Organization. The Palestinian Popular Committees were supported by the Communist Labour Party of Syria. The movement backed the Abdel-Fattah Ghanem-led splinter group of the Palestinian Liberation Front. The organization was disbanded in 1985, as a campaign of arrests was launched against the Communist Party of Labour in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="21439931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439931" title="Nizar Dramsy">
Nizar Dramsy

Nizar Dramsy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Port Bergé.

</doc>
<doc id="21439944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439944" title="Yvonne Bezara">
Yvonne Bezara

Yvonne Bezara is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; she represents the second constituency of Toamasina.

</doc>
<doc id="21439948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439948" title="Vincent Black Lightning">
Vincent Black Lightning

The Black Lightning was a Vincent motorcycle designed and built in September 1948 at the Vincent works in Great North Road, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, UK, and produced from 1948 to 1952. At the time the Black Lightning was the fastest production motorcycle in the world.
Development.
Vincent Motorcycles began motorcycle production in 1928 and were well established after World War II when they launched the Black Lightning. This was a production version of the Black Lightning which held the world land speed record, with a similar engine specification. 
Available to order, a standard Black Lightning was supplied in racing trim with magnesium alloy components, special racing tyres on alloy rims, rear-set foot controls, a solo seat and aluminium fenders. This reduced the Lightning's weight to . The air-cooled OHV pushrod V-twin specifications were always based on standard parts but upgraded with higher performance racing equipment. The Black Lightning had higher strength connecting rods, larger inlet ports, polished rocker gear, steel idler gears, racing carburettors, a manual-advance magneto and was available with compression ratios between 6.8:1 and 12.5:1. This resulted in and a top speed of . Only 31 Black Lightnings were ever built before production ended in 1952 because of Vincent's financial problems.
US record and picture.
On 13 September 1948, Rollie Free achieved the US national motorcycle speed record at Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah riding the first Vincent Black Lightning. During test runs Free reached average speeds of . To reduce drag, Free stripped to his swimming shorts for the final run, which he made lying flat with his legs stretched out and his head low, guiding the Vincent by following a black stripe painted on the salt bed. The stunt worked as Free covered the mile in 23.9 seconds, passing the barrier and on the return run he reached a record average speed of . This led to one of the most famous photographs in motorcycle history, known as the "bathing suit bike". The American Motorcyclist Association certified Free's record. Innovative features of the bike included the first-ever Vincent rear shock absorber, the first Mk II racing cams and horizontally mounted racing carburettors. In 1950, Rollie Free returned to the Bonneville Salt Flats and broke his own record, averaging speeds of on the Vincent despite a high-speed crash during those speed trials.
Supercharged Black Lightning.
In 1949 "The Motor Cycle" magazine offered a trophy and £500 prize (£ today) for the first successful all-British attempt on the World Speed Record, held since 1937 by BMW at . Reg Dearden, a motorcycle dealer at Chorlton-cum-Hardy in Manchester fitted a supercharger to a brand new Black Lightning and made extensive modifications including strengthening and lengthening the frame by about . Phil Vincent personally supervised the work, which took months to complete. NSU increased the World Record to in 1951, and in 1953 the 500 cc World Champion Les Graham was to make an attempt for the UK but was killed in a crash in the 1953 Senior Isle of Man TT. The supercharged Vincent changed hands several times but never made a record attempt. In 1999 journalist Mick Duckworth had a test ride and wrote a feature article for "Classic Bike" magazine. In October 2008, the supercharged Vincent Black Lightning was sold by Bonhams for at the Stafford Motorcycle Show, finally setting a record as the most expensive motorcycle ever sold at auction in the UK. There is a Supercharged 1949 Black Lightning at the Solvang Vintage Motorcycle Museum in Solvang, California.
Cultural allusions.
Richard Thompson wrote the song "1952 Vincent Black Lightning", recorded on his 1991 album "Rumor and Sigh". Thompson later said, 'When I was a kid, that was always the exotic bike, ... the one that you went "ooh, wow"'.

</doc>
<doc id="21439952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439952" title="Botomananatsara">
Botomananatsara

Botomananatsara is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Manakara.

</doc>
<doc id="21439953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439953" title="Clos de Villeneuve">
Clos de Villeneuve

The Clos de Villeneuve is a bastide, or Provençal manor house, built in the 18th century, located in the commune of Valensole in the Department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France. Its gardens are classified among the Notable gardens of France by the French Ministry of Culture.
The bastide was built in the first half of the 18th century by Jean-Baptiste de Villeneuve, the seigneur de Villeneuve, an old Provençal family. The gardens were created in the late 20th century by their present owner, the Comte Andre de Villeneuve Esclapon. They are laid out on three terraces with seven basins and fountains dating to the 18th and 19th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="21439955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439955" title="Phillip Brock">
Phillip Brock

Phillip Brock (born January 17, 1982 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an Arena football wide receiver and running back who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the CenTex Barracudas as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Nicholls State University.
Brock has also been a member of the Tucson Blaze, Edmonton Eskimos, Peoria Pirates and Toronto Argonauts.

</doc>
<doc id="21439956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439956" title="Ray Moylette">
Ray Moylette

Raymond Moylette, more commonly known as Ray Moylette and sometimes incorrectly referred to as Ray Moylett, (born 11 April 1990) is an Irish amateur boxer from Derrycooraune, Islandeady, County Mayo, Ireland. He represented Ireland in the lightweight division at the 2008 World Youth Amateur Boxing Championships in Guadalajara, Mexico where he won a gold medal.
Career.
Irish underage titles.
Moylette, represents the St Anne’s Club in Westport, with whom he has been boxing with since the age of six, and won four national titles ranging from "Boy 1" level to the "Youth" division. In 2007, Moylette won both the Cadet and Youth (Under 19) divisions and also won the Best Boxer of the Championships award in becoming the Youth title holder.
World Youth Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the World Youth Amateur Boxing Championships in Guadalajara, Mexico, Moylette won the gold medal in the lightweight (60 kg) division, becoming the first Irish boxer in history to win a gold medal at the World Youth Championships.He recently won the Irish senior championships at light welter weight,beating ulster champion stephen Donnelly
At the Youth Championship, Moylette defeated Fred Evans of Wales and Cuba's Juan Garcia to get to the final where he beat Kazakhstan's Daniyar Yeleussino to take the title.
European Amateur Boxing Championships.
At the 2011 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Ankara, Moylette secured at least a silver medal in the Light Welterweight division after victory over Hajiliyev Heybatulla of Azerbaijan in the semi-finals on 23 June. Moylette claimed . On 24 June 2011, he went on to win the gold medal after an 18-10 victory against Tom Stalker.

</doc>
<doc id="21439957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439957" title="Politics of Alsace">
Politics of Alsace

The Politics of Alsace, France takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy, whereby the President of Regional Council is the head of government, and of a pluriform multi-party system. Legislative power is vested in the regional council.
Executive.
The executive of the region is led by the President of the Regional Council.
Legislative branch.
The Regional Council of Alsace ("Conseil régional d'Alsace") is composed of 37 councillors, elected by proportional representation in a two-round system. The winning list in the second round is automatically entitled to a quarter of the seats. The remainder of the seats are allocated through proportional representation with a 5% threshold.
The Council is elected for a six-year term.
Elections.
Other elections.
In the 2007 legislative election, thirteen out of the sixteen Alsatian deputies were from the UMP, one was from the opposition PS, and one was from the UMP's coalition partner, the New Centre. One deputy, Éric Straumann, was a UMP dissident.

</doc>
<doc id="21439963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439963" title="Thomas A. Edison Academy for Career and Technical Education">
Thomas A. Edison Academy for Career and Technical Education

The Thomas A. Edison Academy for Career & Technical Academy is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Elizabeth, New Jersey, operating as part of the Elizabeth Public Schools. The Thomas A. Edison Academy For Career & Technical Education is the center for vocational and technical education in the city. Williams' Field, which holds the school's football field and outdoor track field, is adjacent to Thomas A. Edison Academy.
Thomas A. Edison High School was built in 1935 and named for the inventor who worked on many of his major contributions to the scientific and commercial world working in New Jersey.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 718 students and 66.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.88:1. There were 560 students (78.0% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 72 (10.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 327th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools".
Curriculum.
The Thomas A. Edison Career and Technical Academy serves students in grades 9-12 divided into small learning communities. The program is designed to provide a high degree of academic rigor as well as prepare students to learn a skilled trade. In addition to coursework in their chosen field of study, students will complete a rigorous academic curriculum that includes classes in English, Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, and World Language. Honors and AP courses will be offered to all interested students. Students enrolled in the Academy are expected to perform community service and comply with all rules, regulations and policies of the Academy and the district, including the mandatory wearing of school uniforms.
The career and technical program comprises four themes:
The Elizabeth Public Schools is partnering with The National Academy Foundation and is currently engaged in a Year of Planning - Academy Development Process to establish the Academy of Hospitality & Tourism as a career academy at the Thomas A. Edison Career and Technical Academy in September 2010. The Academy of Hospitality & Tourism helps students chart career paths in one of the world's largest industries, from hotel management to sports, entertainment, and event management, and includes the study of geography, economics, and world cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="21439964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439964" title="Longin Louis Fanantera">
Longin Louis Fanantera

Longin Louis Fanantera is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Beloha.

</doc>
<doc id="21439971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439971" title="Razafitiana Auguste Jaonarison">
Razafitiana Auguste Jaonarison

Razafitiana Auguste Jaonarison is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Antanambao Manampotsy.

</doc>
<doc id="21439977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439977" title="WATX">
WATX

WATX (1600 AM, "NewsTalk 100.9 & 1600") is a radio station licensed to Algood, Tennessee, USA, the station serves the Cookeville area. The station is currently owned by Jwc Broadcasting.
History.
The station went on the air as WRZK on 22 June 1981. On 1 June 1983, the station changed its call sign to WWRT, and on 15 January 1990 to the current WATX. WATX originally broadcast on 1590 kilohertz, and later moved to 1600.

</doc>
<doc id="21439981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439981" title="Félix Ramboahangison">
Félix Ramboahangison

Félix Ramboahangison is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Amparafaravola.

</doc>
<doc id="21439985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439985" title="Comet (steamboat)">
Comet (steamboat)

The SS "Comet" was a steamship that operated on the Great Lakes. The "Comet" was built in 1857 as a wooden-hulled propeller-driven cargo vessel that was soon adapted to carry passengers. She suffered a series of maritime accidents prior to her final sinking in 1875 causing the loss of ten lives. She became known as the only treasure ship of Lake Superior because she carried 70 tons of Montana silver ore when she sank. The first attempts to salvage her cargo in 1876 and 1938 were unsuccessful. The "Comet" was finally salvaged in the 1980s when artifacts from the wreck were illegally removed by the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society. The artifacts are now the property of the State of Michigan and are on display as a loan to the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum. The fate of her silver ore cargo is unknown. Her wreck is now protected by the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve as part of an underwater museum.
History.
The , 744-ton wooden propeller ship "Comet", along with her sister ship, the "Rocket", was launched in 1857 by Peak and Masters of Cleveland, Ohio. Her direct-acting vertical engine was manufactured by Cuyahoga Steam Furnace of Cleveland. The "Comet" was originally built as a pure workhorse. Upper deck cabins for passenger accommodations were not added until the winter layup of 1859–60.
The "Comet" went through a variety of owners. She was first owned by Dean Richmond (New York Central Railroad). Her last owners were W.M. Hanna and George W. Chapin of Cleveland. The "Comet" was involved in a series of maritime accidents prior to her final sinking in 1875. In 1863, she sank another boat in a collision on Lake Erie. She was run aground on a reef off Port Washington, Wisconsin in Lake Michigan in 1865. In August 1869, she rammed and sank the sidewheeler "Silver Spray". The "Comet" sank for the first time in 1869 after a collision with the propeller "Hunter" below Detroit, Michigan. Both vessels sank, were raised, and returned to service.
Final voyage.
The "Comet" cleared Duluth, Minnesota on 23 August 1875 downbound for Buffalo, New York with intermediate stops on Lake Superior. After rounding Whitefish Point Light on a clear, starlit night about 8:05 PM of 26 August 1875 and heading on the usual southeast course to Point Iroquois Light, her lookout spotted a white light in the dusk right on their course. Fifteen minutes later, after the lookout spotted a red light, Captain Dugat altered course a point to port, heading southeast half south. Just moments later the green lights of an approaching vessel appeared. When Captain Dugat realized he had swung across the bow of a steamer, he blew one blast on the whistle and ordered a hard turn, but it was too late. Shipwreck historian Janice Gerred reported that the "Canadian steamer "Manitoba" struck the "Comet" stem on about , forward the stern on the port side right down to the water’s edge." The "Toronto Globe" reported an eye witness account that the "Comet’s " hull parted and sank almost immediately and the upper works crumbled and sank within one minute. Two men were crushed when the steamers collided. One man was hanging from a window sash of the "Manitoba", lost his grip, and was heard exclaiming, “Oh Lord, I am gone” as he was pulled down in the suction of the wreck. Ten men, including those below deck, did not survive. Six men jumped from the wreck to the decks of the "Manitoba" whose boats picked up four more survivors. Captain Dugat, the master, two shipmates, two wheelsmen, one fireman, one lookout, and one porter survived.
The "Manitoba" made every effort to save everyone possible. She took the rescued to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan where they were given passage to Cleveland.
The United States maritime investigation absolved "Comet’s " Captain Dugat of any blame for the collision in 1876. The Canadians absolved the "Manitoba’s " Captain Symes of any blame.
Treasure ship.
The "Comet" was first dubbed a "true treasure ship" by shipwreck historian Frederick Stonehouse in 1973. When she sank, her vessel was valued at $45,000 and the cargo at $50,000. The "Sault Evening News" of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan announced in 1980 that the "Comet" was the “only known treasure ship on the bottom of the lake” when interviewing Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society spokesperson Tom Farnquist. The "Comet" carried 500 tons of pig iron, some copper ore, 54 sacks of wool, and 70 tons of Montana silver ore picked up at Duluth and consigned to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Efforts to salvage the "Comet’s" cargo failed in 1876 and again in 1938 when the wreck could not be found. The "Comet’s " wreck was extensively filmed and salvaged by the GLSHS in the 1980s.
Wreck discovery and artifacts.
The "Comet" was first located in the 1970s by Great Lakes diver Kent Bellrichard of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Bob Nicholls and Tom Farnquist of the GLSHS relocated the "Comet" on 6 June 1980. In July 1980, Farnquist announced "divers will attempt to salvage as much of the silver as well as other salvageable material or artifacts. All of the process will be filmed. Proceeds will be used by the Shipwreck Society for further exploration and for the Society’s museum work."
Michigan’s Antiquities Act of 1980 prohibited the removal of artifacts from shipwrecks on the Great Lakes bottomlands. The Michigan Department of Natural Resources and Environment (DNRE) 1992 raid on the GLSHS offices and Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum included seizure of artifacts that were illegally removed from the "Comet", but her cargo of Montana silver ore was not accounted for in the Affidavit of Search Warrant & Investigation Report.
Wreck today.
Artifacts from the "Comet's" wreck are on display in the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum as a loan from the State of Michigan by a 1993 settlement agreement with the GLSHS following the DNRE raid on the museum in 1992.
The "Comet" lies in of water at in Whitefish Bay of Lake Superior. Scuba diving to the "Comet" wreck requires advanced technical diving skills. Great Lakes diver Steve Harrington reported that "divers will find much of the hull intact with twin standing arches." The "Comet" wreck is protected for future generations by the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve as part of an underwater museum.
Other vessels.
Several other ships have borne the name "Comet" including the PS Comet (1814), and another that broke apart in 1812 after a few runs.

</doc>
<doc id="21439990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439990" title="Anique Chantal Kembazanany">
Anique Chantal Kembazanany

Anique Chantal Kembazanany is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; she represents the constituency of Farafangana.

</doc>
<doc id="21439992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21439992" title="John Dwyer Technology Academy">
John Dwyer Technology Academy

The John E. Dwyer Technology Academy is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Elizabeth, New Jersey, as part of the Elizabeth Public Schools. The Technology Academy shares one large building with the Admiral William Halsey Leadership Academy, the Peter B. Gold Administration Building, and the Thomas Dunn Sports Center, which together form the Main Complex most commonly known as "The Main" to students and teachers. The Main complex holds more students, teachers, and administrators than the other high school in the city. It is known as the heart of all Elizabeth Academies.
The school was named in honor of John E. Dwyer an Elizabeth educator for many years who served as a teacher, guidance counselor, Vice Principal, Principal, and as Superintendent of Schools.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 936 students and 90.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.40:1. There were 768 students (82.1% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 64 (6.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 306th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools". It was also featured on the cover of "Ghetto Schools Magazine." 
Curriculum.
Students enrolled in the John E. Dwyer Technology Academy, in addition to completing a rigorous college preparatory program, will also be given the opportunity to explore careers in areas such as computer science, architectural design, and urban planning. The school program will also guide the participating students in pioneering the ways and means by which to integrate environmental technology into the world we live in. Honors and AP classes will be offered to all interested students. All John E. Dwyer Academy students will be expected to comply with the rules, regulations, and policies of the Academy and the school district.
Each John E. Dwyer Academy student will be given the opportunity to participate in one of the two strands of study offered:
The Elizabeth Public Schools is partnering with The National Academy Foundation and is currently engaged in a Year of Planning - Academy Development Process to establish the Academy of Information Technology as a career academy at the John E. Dwyer Technology Academy in September 2010. The Academy of Information Technology prepares students for career opportunities in programming, database administration, web design and administration, digital networks, and other areas in the expanding digital workplace. Further, the district will be submitting a proposal to The National Academy Foundation to implement a new Academy theme in engineering in September 2011. The Academy of Engineering educates high school students in the principles of engineering, and providing content in the fields of electronics, biotech, aerospace, civil engineering, and architecture.
Graduation requirements.
Subject Class of 2010 Class of 2007/2008/2009
Language Arts 4 Years 4 Years
Social Studies 4 Years
World History
U.S. History I
U.S. History II
1 Elective 3 Years
World History
U.S. History I
U.S. History II
Math 4 Years
Algebra I
Geometry
Algebra II
Higher Math 3 Years
Algebra I
Geometry
Algebra II or Higher
Science 4 Years (Minimum of one science with a lab) 3 Years
World Language 3 Years World Languages
1 Year World Languages Literature 2 years
Fine/Performing/Practical Arts 2 Years 2 years
Phys Ed & Health 16 Credits 4 Years - One year for each year in attendance
Personal Finance 1 Credit 
Career and Consumer, Family, Life Skills or Vocational-Technical Education 5 Credits 
Community Service 60 Hours - 25 Hours of which is due during Senior year 
Latin (Gifted and Talented only) 10 Credits 
Credits 160 130
Testing Pass HSPA/SRA Pass HSPA/SRA
College Requirements: All students who graduate from EHS will have taken the appropriate coursework to meet college entrance requirements.
The colleges (4 year colleges) require students to take 16 Carnagie Units in high school. A unit is considered a year of study. Units are taken from the major subject areas of Language Arts, Social Studies, Mathematics, Science and World Language.
4 years of English = 4 units
3 years of History = 3 units
3 years of Mathematics (Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II) = 3 units
3 years of Science = 3 units
2 years of World Language = 2 units
Total Units = 15 units
The additional unit is obtained by taking elective courses in Language Arts, Social Studies, Mathematics, Science or World Language.
EHS students are encouraged to participate in extra-curricular activities, take college entrance exams, and Advanced Placement Tests to strengthen their college applications.
Connection to the Main Complex.
Some extracurricular activities and sports teams are found in Dwyer Academy. The building functions as a hub central as other students from the other Elizabeth Academies and Elizabeth High School come here during the after school hours. The Main Complex also holds Elizabeth High School's swimming pool where the swim team practices and meets are held. The Main Complex campus is also famous in the student body for holding a unique courtyard, being the only campus in all the Elizabeth Academies to have one accessible to its student
Athletics.
The John E. Dywer Technology Academy does not have its own athletic teams, instead the students participate in sports that represent the whole city of Elizabeth not just one academy. Therefore being, students from all the Elizabeth Academies including Elizabeth High School are all on one sports team competing against other schools outside the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21440001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440001" title="La Ritournelle">
La Ritournelle

"La Ritournelle" is a song by Sébastien Tellier from his 2004 album "Politics". It was released as a single on September 26, 2005, and along with the original, this included remixes by Mr. Dan, Jim Noir and Jake Bullit.
The track received much critical acclaim. On www.thebeatsurrender.co.uk, Kev writes: "Tellier has created one of the most beautiful, symphonic dance tracks you’ll ever hear in your lives". The song features drumming by Tony Allen. In October 2011, "NME" placed "La Ritournelle" at number 110 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
Promotional uses.
In 2009, the track was used in Five US's 'scroller' ident, which features bird's eye views of New York at night. The song was also used in the eleventh episode of the third season of ABCs hit show "Ugly Betty", in advertisements for Australian sports channel One HD, and in a L'Oreal-Commercial with Patrick Dempsey in Europe. It was also featured in CW's "Gossip Girl" and appears on the show's soundtrack. It was also used as a backing track for the credits in a "Come Dine With Me" episode and it features in the soundtrack of award-winning film Oslo, August 31st by Joachim Trier.

</doc>
<doc id="21440005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440005" title="Bernard Koto">
Bernard Koto

Bernard Koto is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ifanadiana.

</doc>
<doc id="21440009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440009" title="Engine House No. 6 (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Engine House No. 6 (Baltimore, Maryland)

Engine House No. 6 is a historic fire station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. This two story brick building features a 103-foot Italian-Gothic tower at the apex of its truncated triangular shape. It was built in 1853-54 and the tower is said to be a copy of Giotto’s campanile in Florence, Italy.
Engine House No. 6 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21440016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440016" title="Brigitte Lalanirina">
Brigitte Lalanirina

Brigitte Lalanirina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; she represents the constituency of Ikongo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440019" title="Alistair Jackson">
Alistair Jackson

Alastair "Ali" Jackson (born November 17, 1988 in Glengormley) is an Northern Irish racing driver.
Jackson raced in the Asian Formula Three Championship in 2006 and finished 3rd in points with four victories, becoming the youngest driver to win in series history. In 2007 he raced in drove part-time in the British Formula Three national class for Räikkönen Robertson Racing and finished 9th in points and made 10 additional starts in the British F3 International Series and competed in the F3 Masters at Circuit Zandvoort and finished 22nd. In 2008 he competed part-time in the British F3 International class and finished 17th in points. After nine races he switched teams from Räikkönen Robertson to Ultimate Motorsport. In 2009 he has signed on to drive for Guthrie Meyer Racing in the Firestone Indy Lights Series. After the first oval race of the season at Kansas Speedway which saw Alistair getting caught in two crashes, severely damaging two cars, one teammate Jesse Mason being involved in a separate hard incident, and second teammate Sean Guthrie being suspended indefinitely for driving too fast through an accident scene and then refusing to respond to the black flag, Jackson left Guthrie-Meyer and signed on with RLR-Andersen Racing for the remainder of the season, however his car failed to appear at the penultimate round of the championship at Chicagoland Speedway, ending his season. His best finish was sixth at Long Beach and he finished 16th in points.

</doc>
<doc id="21440030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440030" title="Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy">
Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy

Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy is a high school and career preparatory public high school in Elizabeth, New Jersey specializing in the visual, performing, and media arts. Located in historic midtown Elizabeth, the school is part of the Elizabeth Public Schools.
Located across the street from Elizabeth's City Hall and the monuments of Winfield Scott Park, Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy is the oldest building of all the Elizabeth Public Schools high school academies. Jefferson Arts was first built in 1928 as an all-boys high school and named for the primary author of the Declaration of Independence and third president of the United States. In 1977, the former Thomas Jefferson High School (for boys) merged with the newly constructed Elizabeth High School main complex; the school was renamed Thomas Jefferson House of Elizabeth High School. The school is now a high school academy and the center for the district's visual and performing arts programs. The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 891 students and 68.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.10:1. There were 683 students (76.7% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 77 (8.6% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards and recognition.
Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. The school was named a Model School in the Arts by the New Jersey Arts Education Partnership in 2013. 
Curriculum.
Students enrolled in the Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy complete both a college preparatory academic curriculum, as well as a studio program in the visual, performing or media arts. The school's curriculum is geared toward preparing students for postsecondary education and developing their creative talents. The school's academic program includes:
Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy also offers two specialized academic programs to interested students:
Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy offers five studio programs in the arts, in addition to a rigorous college preparatory academic program. These include:
Graduation Requirements.
Graduation requirements for students at Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy include:
The Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy website offers more details about graduation requirements and course sequence.
Admissions.
Each studio program at Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy requires an audition and entry interview. Requirements include the following:
Audio and Visual Media. Students create a short video explaining why they wish to study media and television production. This video may be submitted by mini-DV tape, DVD, or uploaded electronically by directions explained at the audition. All videos must be labeled clearly with full name, ID number, and present school. Genuine interest and creativity should be highlights of this video. Cameras are available at audition sessions for those who wish to create a video on-site.
Creative Writing. Students prepare a portfolio that includes three poems, one work of fiction and a reflection page. The poems should be of substantial length (at least 15 lines). The work of fiction may be a first draft, but must be of considerable ambition or length (at least 400-500 words). The reflection is an overall response on students’ goals, current works in progress, and previous literary and writing experiences.
Performing Arts. After an interview, students select an audition focus:
Theater. Students perform a one- to three-minute memorized monologue (i.e. a speech made by one person portraying a character and directed at the audience; the performer may pretend that the audience is the other character). Monologues may be dramatic or comedic. The audition focuses on how well the performer portrays a character while delivering the monologue. Students are asked to refrain from dressing in costume or bringing props for auditions.
Visual Arts. Students submit a portfolio of original artwork including at least five pieces that show evidence of visual experience and demonstration of artistic strengths and talents, including the capacity for learning different media. Portfolio pieces and sketch books should display a student's abilities with use of color, composition, two-dimensional and three-dimensional concepts, creativity, tone, and presentation. They may be original or representational drawings from life demonstrating ability for entry into Drawing & Painting, Photography, Sculpture, Creative Crafts, and Graphic Design concentrations.
Athletics.
Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy students participate in sports that represent all Elizabeth high school academies under the banner of the Elizabeth "Minutemen". Elizabeth athletic teams compete in the Union County Interscholastic Athletic Conference (UCIAC), a high school sports association under the jurisdiction of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
Theatrical productions.
Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy's theatrical productions have included:

</doc>
<doc id="21440031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440031" title="Manahirana Leriva">
Manahirana Leriva

Manahirana Leriva is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Brickaville.

</doc>
<doc id="21440035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440035" title="Emmanuel Chedal">
Emmanuel Chedal

Emmanuel Chedal (born 15 January 1983 in Moûtiers) is a former French ski jumper who has competed since 1999. Competing in two Winter Olympics, he earned his best finish of ninth in the team large hill event at Vancouver.
Chedal's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was eighth in the team large hill event in Liberec in 2009. His best finish at the FIS Ski Flying World Championships was also eighth in the team event at Oberstdorf in 2008.
Chedal's best World Cup finish was third in an individual large hill event in Norway in December 2009.
After the 2012/2013 season he finished his ski jumping career

</doc>
<doc id="21440037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440037" title="Lininy">
Lininy

Lininy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Antsalova.

</doc>
<doc id="21440045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440045" title="Janvier Maharangy">
Janvier Maharangy

Janvier Maharangy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Morondavy.

</doc>
<doc id="21440054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440054" title="List of Presidents of Alsace">
List of Presidents of Alsace

This is the list of Presidents of Alsace since 1974. Regional legislatures are directly elected since 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21440058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440058" title="Armand Mahatafa">
Armand Mahatafa

Armand Mahatafa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the second constituency of Toliary.

</doc>
<doc id="21440059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440059" title="Send It On (D'Angelo song)">
Send It On (D'Angelo song)

"Send It On" is a song by American recording artist D'Angelo, released March 25, 2000 on Virgin Records. It was issued as a radio single in promotion of his second studio album "Voodoo" (2000). The song was written by D'Angelo, his brother Luther Archer and R&B singer Angie Stone. "Send It On" was composed in 1998 at a recording studio in Virginia following the birth of D'Angelo's son, and was produced by D'Angelo at Electric Lady Studios in New York City. 
As the album's fourth single, it achieved moderate chart success, peaking at number 33 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart. The music video for the song featured footage from the album's supporting tour, "The Voodoo Tour".
Background.
Following the birth of his son, D'Angelo composed the album's first song "Send It On" in 1998 at a recording studio in Virginia, beginning official recording for his second studio album "Voodoo" (2000). The song was produced by D'Angelo at Electric Lady Studios in New York City, and official credits for "Send It On" were attributed to R&B singer Angie Stone and D'Angelo's brother Luther Archer.
Composition.
In the musical style of quiet storm and neo soul, the song is about honesty and faith in love, and features classic soul arrangements with trumpeter Roy Hargrove playing flugel horn. It features an interpolation of Kool & the Gang's "Sea of Tranquility" (1969). The song also has an arrangement of live guitar, bass and kick-drum, while D'Angelo's falsetto vocals contain spiritual highs and soulful lows. Mark Anthony Neal of PopMatters wrote that the song "evokes the late '70s sounds of Angela Bofill ('I Try')." Another critic described the song's horn-driven sound as reminiscent of the work of Sam Cooke. 
On D'Angelo's vocal style on "Send It On", a "Billboard" magazine reviewer stated "In this musical setting, he sounds less like Prince (as he did on 'Untitled') and more like he's developing his own unique style-which bears the undeniable influence of Prince, Al Green, and Otis Redding." "Entertainment Weekly"s Matt Diehl called the song a "stately soul ballad like they just don't make anymore".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from album booklet liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="21440060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440060" title="Ali Jackson">
Ali Jackson

Ali Jackson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21440069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440069" title="Clermont Gervais Mahazaka">
Clermont Gervais Mahazaka

Clermont Gervais Mahazaka is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Fénérive East.

</doc>
<doc id="21440082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440082" title="Norbert Mamangy">
Norbert Mamangy

Norbert Mamangy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Sambava.

</doc>
<doc id="21440085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440085" title="Blue Diamond Society">
Blue Diamond Society

The Blue Diamond Society(Nepali:नील हीरा समाज) is an LGBT rights organization in Nepal. It was founded in 2001 to advocate to change existing laws against homosexuality and to advocate for the rights of Nepal's marginalized gay, transgender and other sexual minority communities. Another major thrust of the organization's work was to provide care, counseling, and services to victims of HIV/AIDS. Blue Diamond Society is currently led by Executive Director Sudeep Bahadur Singh, and was founded and led until 2013 by Sunil Babu Pant, the first gay legislator in Nepal's history and one of 29 experts at the meeting for The Yogyakarta Principles. Sunil Pant and fellow human rights activists although filed a case with Nepal's Supreme Court in 2007 that led to a verdict by the Court ordering the government to scrap all laws discriminating against members of the LGBT community. The law also ordered the government to work on legalizing gay marriage.
Location.
Blue Diamond Society currently has over 35 offices throughout Nepal. The head office lies in Dhumbarahi height, Kathmandu. It used to be in Shivabhakti Marg no. 344 Khursanitar, Lazimpat-2, Kathmandu, Nepal but now has changed its location.
Awards.
In 2007, the organization won the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission's (IGLHRC) Felipa de Souza Award
Pride Festival.
Pride festival is organised by Blue Diamond Society annually on the day of Gai Jatra. The first annual pride festival in Nepal was held in 2010 A.D. in Kathmandu. The other held in Biratnagar, Pokhara and Kathmandu respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="21440091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440091" title="List of Detroit Lions starting quarterbacks">
List of Detroit Lions starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Detroit Lions. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Lions.
Regular season.
List of all Detroit Lions starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:

</doc>
<doc id="21440096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440096" title="Fabergé Gabriel Mamitiana">
Fabergé Gabriel Mamitiana

Fabergé Gabriel Mamitiana is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Bekily.

</doc>
<doc id="21440107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440107" title="Palestinian National Alliance">
Palestinian National Alliance

The Palestinian National Alliance () was an alliance of Palestinian movements, founded in 1983. The Alliance consisted of the PFLP-GC, as-Saiqa, Palestinian Popular Struggle Front, Fatah al-Intifada, the Palestinian Liberation Front (Mohammad Miqdah wing) and the Palestinian Revolutionary Communist Party. The Alliance was dissolved in 1985, as the Palestinian National Salvation Front was formed.

</doc>
<doc id="21440123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440123" title="Tim Bledsoe">
Tim Bledsoe

Timothy Bledsoe (born June 18, 1953) is a politician and college professor from the U.S. state of Michigan. In 2008, he was elected as a Democrat to the Michigan State House of Representatives, taking office in 2009 and serving until 2012. He represented the 1st District, which was located in Wayne County and included the cities of Harper Woods, Grosse Pointe, Grosse Pointe Farms, Grosse Pointe Park, Grosse Pointe Shores, Grosse Pointe Woods, and a small portion of Detroit. He previously served as a political science professor at Wayne State University.
Early life.
Timothy Bledsoe was born on June 18, 1953, in Lake Village, Arkansas. He graduated from Lakeside High School in Lake Village in 1971. He received a B.A. in Political Science from Louisiana State University in 1976. In 1978, he received an M.A. in Political Science from the University of Arkansas. He received a Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Nebraska in 1984. 
After receiving his Ph.D., Bledsoe began teaching political science at the University of South Carolina, where he taught until 1989. In 1989, Bledsoe moved to Grosse Pointe, Michigan and took a job teaching at Wayne State University, where he taught until elected to the State House in 2008. Bledsoe has written several books on the study of urban politics, including "Careers in City Politics", and "Urban Reform and its Consequences". He is married to Dr. Mary Herring, also a professor at Wayne State. They have one daughter, named Daisy, and are members of Christ Church Grosse Pointe in Grosse Pointe Farms.
Political career.
Tim Bledsoe was a precinct organizer for Democratic Presidential Candidate John Kerry during the 2004 presidential election. In 2006, he unsuccessfully challenged sitting State Representative Edward Gaffney for his seat in the State House. Bledsoe ran again for the 1st District in 2008, when term limits required Gaffney to step down. Bledsoe won the 2008 Democratic Primary that also included Harper Woods mayor Kenneth Poynter with nearly 55% of the vote. He faced Republican Mary Treder Lang in the general election. He defeated her with 57% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="21440128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440128" title="Mampihao">
Mampihao

Mampihao is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Betroka.

</doc>
<doc id="21440133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440133" title="WQMT">
WQMT

WQMT (93.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish language radio format. Licensed to serve Decatur, Tennessee, USA, the station is currently owned by East Tennessee Radio Group III, L.P.
History.
Through September 2011, the station carried a country music format, as "Cat Country 93.9". In September, the station flipped to the Jack FM adult hits format, after the previous station, WSAA, changed to the Christian Air 1 format. Early in 2012, WQMT changed to oldies. Later in the year the station changed to Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="21440134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440134" title="Black Stone, Jablanica">
Black Stone, Jablanica

Black Stone (; , "Crn Kamen") is the highest peak of Jablanica Mountain located both in Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. Black Stone reaches a height of , being not many metres higher than other peaks of Jablanica.

</doc>
<doc id="21440138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440138" title="Cai Shu (athlete)">
Cai Shu (athlete)

Cai Shu (; born June 14, 1962) is a retired male high jumper from PR China, who competed for his native Asian country at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21440142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440142" title="Bénoît Mamy">
Bénoît Mamy

Bénoît Mamy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ankazoabo South.

</doc>
<doc id="21440157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440157" title="Florent Parfait Mana">
Florent Parfait Mana

Florent Parfait Mana is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the first constituency of Toliary.

</doc>
<doc id="21440166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440166" title="Fidson Mananjara">
Fidson Mananjara

Fidson Mananjara is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Soanierana Ivongo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440180" title="Woodside, Telford">
Woodside, Telford

Woodside came to fruition due to the New Towns Act of 1946, which saw Dawley New Town, now known as Telford New Town, named after the famous Scottish civil engineer, Thomas Telford being developed to cope mainly with the overspill from the West Midlands conurbation.
The land that was chosen for Woodside was previously used for farming and mining purposes, namely Rough Park Farm and Leasowes Farm. Brick Kiln Leasowes Crawstone Pit still part exists today in the form of its spoil mount running along both Ironbridge Road and the William Reynolds School. It was here in 1864 that nine men fell to a tragic death, when a rope lowered to haul the men out, (the youngest being just a child of 12 years) at the end of a busy day, snapped and all souls were lost in the fall. Within the woodland which now covers the spoil mount, the brick pond can still be seen from which water was drawn from the mine.
Situated in south Telford, Woodside was originally built as a council housing estate, being managed by both Telford Development Corporation and Dawley District Council. Modern housing was provided along with shopping and play areas as well as community facilities including a health centre, schools, public houses, a police station and a community centre.
Other facilities were provided at the nearby district of Madeley, which included a leisure centre, shops, a library and banks.
Educational facilities were provided with two county primary schools along with a playschool. Secondary education was provided nearby at Madeley, namely the Abraham Darby and Madeley Court schools. Roman Catholic education facilities were at St Marys’ primary, Madeley and Blessed Robert Johnson secondary at Wellington.
Employment was a main factor of people re-locating to Woodside, with plentiful employment being made available at the newly built Tweedale and Halesfield industrial estates nearby.
Public transport was provided by the Midland Red bus company. They offered residents local services to other areas of the new town, along with direct ser-vices to out of town places such as Shrewsbury, Bridgnorth, Wolverhampton and Birmingham.
Woodside was unique in the way it was built and also the residents in which it had attracted.
The estate was built using the Radburn technique, thus separating the motor car from the footpaths. This gave a friendlier feel to the estate and helped people move about more freely, both enjoying the freedom of the landscaped areas throughout and shopping without the worry of the car.
It wasn’t just the West Midlands in which the residents had left behind people came far and wide from all over England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland along with a handful from even more distant shores.
Each resident had a skill, trade or profession which they could offer to help with the development of the estate and the new town.
K.McLean 05/2014 
Woodside is a residential area of Telford, Shropshire, England.
In 1963, Dawley New Town (soon to be known as Telford) was designated in the area surrounding towns and villages such as Ironbridge, Dawley and Wellington, to ease the housing problem in the West Midlands conurbation some 20 miles away. The intention was to bring jobs to the area as well as houses to accommodate the thousands of workers being attracted to the town.
For the less well-off inhabitants of the new town, there needed to be council housing available. The Woodside estate was among the council housing projects first planned in the development of Telford new town. It was developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and is among the largest housing estates in Shropshire.
Woodside is the most deprived part of Telford. The 2001 Census revealed that 37.2% of the area's households did not have access to a car, 18.0% of households were single parent families, unemployment was at 11.3%. However, this was significantly less than the 1991 total of 17.3%, as the economy had been in recession then and was in a much healthier position 10 years later. With the recession that has been affected Britain since mid-2008, however, it is anticipated that the 2011 Census will show a considerably higher level of unemployment.
Major regeneration of the estate has taken place in recent years, the most notable phase being the demolition of 350 deck-access flats and maisonettes to make way for a 191-home development by Bellway Homes. Almost all of the remaining houses on the estate have been brought up to modern standards.
The area has a high crime rate compared to the national average and has large amounts of anti-social behaviour. The police are aware of the issue.
In 2005, students from The Abraham Darby Specialist School for the Performing Arts (Now known as Abraham Darby Academy) performed a new piece of theatre called Starting Again written by a local writer, which told the history of the local area over the last 40 years!
[http://www.englishpartnerships.co.uk/woodside.htm]
[http://www.telford.gov.uk/NR/rdonlyres/0FBF7557-4296-44F7-96DC-248290CF80EC/19184/Woodside.PDF]

</doc>
<doc id="21440186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440186" title="Célestin Manasoa">
Célestin Manasoa

Célestin Manasoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambovombe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440192" title="Maolidy">
Maolidy

Maolidy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Soalala.

</doc>
<doc id="21440193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440193" title="Markus Eggenhofer">
Markus Eggenhofer

Markus Eggenhofer (born 11 December 1987 in Radstadt) is an Austrian ski jumper. Eggenhofer was promoted from the Austrian "B" team to the World Cup roster ahead of the 2008-09 season, after winning the FIS Cup the season before. He made his World Cup debut in Kuusamo, Finland on 29 November 2008, where he finished in 25th place. His best individual result to date is the 8th place finish in Engelberg, Switzerland on 20 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21440204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440204" title="WAYB-FM">
WAYB-FM

WAYB-FM (95.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Graysville, Tennessee, USA. The station is currently owned by Family Worship Center Church.
History.
The station went on the air as WAYB on 30 August 1989. on 4 December 1992, the station changed its call sign to the current WAyb.
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WAYB is relayed by an additional translator to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21440207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440207" title="Rakoto Joseph Nirina Lamboarivel">
Rakoto Joseph Nirina Lamboarivel

Rakoto Joseph Nirina Lamboarivel is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambatofinandrahana.

</doc>
<doc id="21440215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440215" title="The Rounders (TV series)">
The Rounders (TV series)

The Rounders was a 17-episode western-style situation comedy about two cowboys on the fictitious J.L. Ranch in Texas. It starred Ron Hayes as Ben Jones and Patrick Wayne, a son of John Wayne, as Howdy Lewis. The M-G-M television series aired on ABC from September 6, 1966, to January 3, 1967. The program was loosely based on a 1965 film of the same name, "The Rounders", starring Glenn Ford and Henry Fonda, set near Sedona, Arizona, rather than Texas.
Chill Wills, a native Texan and formerly of CBS's "Frontier Circus", appeared as the shady ranch owner, Jim Ed Love. Janis Hansen co-starred as Ben's girlfriend, Sally, and Bobbi Jordan played Howdy's girlfriend, Ada. Jason Wingreen appeared as Shorty Dawes, and Walker Edmiston as Regan. Character actors Strother Martin and J. Pat O'Malley appeared as "Cousin Fletch" and "Vince", respectively. James Brown, formerly the lieutenant on "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin", played "Luke".
Selected episodes with notable guest stars include: "A Horse on Jim Ed Love", series premiere with Harry Carey, Jr.; "It's a Noble Thing to Do", with John Smith, formerly Slim Sherman on NBC's "Laramie"; "Don't Buffalo Me", with Jay Silverheels, formerly Tonto of "The Lone Ranger", as John Tallgrass; "The Moonshine Still Shines"; "It Takes Only One to Suffer"; "The Scavenger Hunt" with Zsa Zsa Gabor as Ilona Hobson; "Some Things Are Not for Sale"; "Four Alarm Wing Ding", with Dick Haynes as a sheriff; "Horse of a Different Cutter" with Andy Devine as Honest John Denton and Strother Martin as Cousin Fletch; "Polo, Anyone?", with Jay C. Flippen as Kenny Fahrbush; "Efficiency Is for Experts", and "What Elephants?", the series finale, in which Ben and Howdy try to hide an elephant in plain sight.
"The Rounders" was broadcast on Tuesday evenings at 8:30 Eastern in the time slot following ABC's long-running military drama "Combat!", then in its last season, and preceding Phyllis Diller's unsuccessful attempt at a weekly sitcom, "The Pruitts of Southampton". "The Rounders" aired opposite "The Red Skelton Show" on CBS and the sitcom "Occasional Wife", starring Michael Callan, on NBC. Prior to "The Rounders", Ron Hayes had appeared in the starring role of the syndicated series "The Everglades".

</doc>
<doc id="21440216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440216" title="Louis Bernard Rakotomanga">
Louis Bernard Rakotomanga

Louis Bernard Rakotomanga is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the fourth constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440218" title="Elections in Alsace">
Elections in Alsace

This page gathers the results of elections in Alsace.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on March 21 and March 28, 2004, Adrien Zeller (UMP) was re-elected President, defeating Jacques Bigot (PS).

</doc>
<doc id="21440231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440231" title="Martin Rafidison">
Martin Rafidison

Martin Rafidison is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Morombe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440236" title="Mikhail Sado">
Mikhail Sado

Mikhail Yukhanovich Sado (Russian: "Михаил Юханович Садо", Syriac: "ܡܝܟ݂ܐܝܠ ܒܝܬ ܣܗܕܐ Mixael bit Sahda"), (June 9, 1934 – August 30, 2010 ) was an Assyrian Russian linguist, scholar, Professor of Semitic languages, orientalist, politician, former paratrooper, and wrestling champion.
Mikhail Sado was born on June 9, 1934 in Leningrad. He was a linguist of Semitic languages and was fluent in many other Assyrian dialects. He taught Hebrew in Russian Orthodox seminaries. He obtained his doctorates in Oriental Studies at Leningrad University in 1951.
Sado was one of four principal leaders who established the Russian Social Christian Union for the Liberation of Peoples. He spent thirteen years (1967–1980) in prison during the Soviet Union because of his religious activism.
Mikhail Sado’s origin goes back to Hakkari, a village of Levon north of Tiari. His father was Challo and his mother Mariam. His wife Zina was born in Moscow. She was one year old when her family was forced to leave the USSR for Iran under Stalin’s order. She was raised in Iran and returned to the Soviet Union in 1962.
The Sados have two sons; his youngest son Rabban Estepanos, is the presiding priest of the oldest Russian Orthodox Church in St. Petersburg, Cathedral of The Holy Trinity of St. Alexander Nevsky Monastery built in 1703–1714. During Soviet rule, the government buried many communists in the gardens of this monastery to desecrate the Christian faith. This church is the seat of the metropolitan of St. Petersburg.
Rabban Estepanos speaks Assyrian fluently. He assisted his father in publishing a book in Russian on the life and accomplishments of the prominent Assyrians in the Soviet Union. Mikhail Sado’s older son (a transportation business owner) funded this publication.
Sixty Assyrians in Leningrad were killed under Joseph Stalin's order. A memorial monument in their remembrance was erected in St. Petersburg on August 27, 2000. More than 1,000 Assyrians in the entire Soviet Union were killed under Stalin’s order.

</doc>
<doc id="21440246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440246" title="Alsace regional election, 2004">
Alsace regional election, 2004

A regional election took place in Alsace on March 21 and March 28, 2004, along with all other regions. Adrien Zeller (UMP) was re-elected President, defeating Jacques Bigot (PS).

</doc>
<doc id="21440260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440260" title="Putian people">
Putian people

The Putian Han or Putian people are Han Chinese people from Putian, part of Fujian Province, China. They speak Puxian Min, a Min language. Min is one of the Sinitic languages.
They may also be referred to as "Xinghua". Hing Hua district was carved out from Quanzhou district during the Song dynasty and was given the name HingHua. Hinghua people originated from Henan province and migrated to the present Putian many years ago. Henghua people were said to be mostly in charge of religious affair during that era, and migrated to Fujian after the civil war.
They are referred to as "Henghua" in Malaysia. 
Today, there are significantly large Henghua diaspora communities throughout Southeast Asia, especially in Malaysia where they can be found in cities such as Kuala Lumpur, Sibu and Kuching. In Indonesia, most Henghua live in Java and since long have been known for their businesses that mainly related with bicycle and transportation vehicles.
Other Min-speaking ethnic groups include the Foochow people, Hoklo people, Teochew people and Hainanese people.

</doc>
<doc id="21440288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440288" title="Liu Yunpeng">
Liu Yunpeng

Liu Yunpeng (; born October 24, 1962) is a retired male high jumper from PR China, who competed for his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21440310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440310" title="Scott Evans (Canadian football)">
Scott Evans (Canadian football)

Scott Evans (born December 15, 1983 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He also played CIS Football at Wilfrid Laurier. Evans first signed with the Toronto Argonauts as an undrafted free agent in 2007 and attended training camp, but returned to school after its conclusion. He re-signed with the Argonauts in 2008, and remained on their practice roster for the first seven weeks of the 2008 CFL season, then returned to Wilfrid Laurier for his final year of eligibility on August 16, 2008. Evans re-joined the Argonauts for the start of the 2009 pre-season training camp, but was cut by the team, only to rejoin the Argonauts on October 16, 2009 under a practice roster agreement. On June 11, 2010, Evans was released by the Argonauts.

</doc>
<doc id="21440316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440316" title="Cuevas de la Araña en Bicorp">
Cuevas de la Araña en Bicorp

The Cuevas de la Araña (known in English as the Araña Caves or the Spider Caves) are a group of caves in the municipality of Bicorp in Valencia, eastern Spain. The caves are in the valley of the river Escalona and were used by prehistoric people who left rock art. They are known for painted images of a bow and arrow goat hunt and for a scene depicting an androgynous figure, sometimes called the "Man of Bicorp", climbing lianas and gathering honey from wild bees. 
The dating of such art is controversial, but the famous honey-gathering painting is believed to be epipaleolithic and is estimated to be around 8000 years old. 
The caves were discovered in the early twentieth century by a local teacher, Jaime Garí i Poch. They are included in the World Heritage Site Rock art of the Iberian Mediterranean Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="21440331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440331" title="Eugene Ernest Colman">
Eugene Ernest Colman

Eugene Ernest Colman (11 October 1878, Merton, England – 20 July 1964) was an English chess master. He was a civil servant who graduated from Cambridge University with a law degree and entered service in the Malay States. When he retired, he stayed on in Malaysia and set up youth clubs throughout the peninsula.
He tied for 9-10th in the Hamburg 1910 chess tournament (the 17th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A", Gersz Rotlewi won), tied for 6-7th at Oxford 1910, took 10th at London 1910, shared 3rd at Tunbridge Wells 1911, tied for 10-11th at London 1919, and took 7th at Margate 1923.
His name is attached to the Colman Variation of the Two Knights Defense (1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 Nf6 4.Ng5 d5 5.exd5 Na5 6.Bb5+ c6 7.dxc6 bxc6 8.Qf3 Rb8) but the most remarkable thing about it were the circumstances under which it was first analysed. During World War II Colman was interned in Changi Civilian Internees Camp in Singapore (1942–1945) and his opening analysis helped take his (and his fellow prisoners’) mind off the horrors of the prison (about 850 POWs died in Changi Prison during the Japanese occupation).
He returned to England and lived in Wimbledon where he was an active member of the Wimbledon Chess Club. Coleman called his variation "The Wimbledon Defense."

</doc>
<doc id="21440338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440338" title="Michigan City Generating Station">
Michigan City Generating Station

Michigan City Generating Station is a coal- and natural gas-fired power plant located on the shore of Lake Michigan in Michigan City, Indiana. It is operated by Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO), owned by NiSource.
Nuclear misperception.
The use of a hyperboloid cooling tower at the station has been mistaken as evidence for a nuclear power plant at this location when in fact there are no nuclear power plants in the state of Indiana. A nuclear power plant was proposed for the Bailly Generating Station approximately 17 km to the south-southwest but was canceled in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="21440341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440341" title="Pete Silver &amp; Will McLean">
Pete Silver &amp; Will McLean

Pete Silver & Will McLean are two British architectural practitioners, educators, writers, and technical theorists who work together as a duo. They have taught at the Architectural Association, The Bartlett (University College London), The University of Westminster’s School of Architecture and the Built environment, and The School of Architecture and Construction at The University of Greenwich, thus gaining a privileged position in the contemporary London architectural scene.
Early life.
Mclean is artist Bruce McLean's son. He trained at the Architectural Association under John Frazer.
Silver worked for the South London Solon Housing Association, collaborating with architects such as Patrick Keiller, Edward Cullinan and Walter Segal. He trained at the Architectural Association under Professors John Frazer and Gordon Pask, and became a researcher in the Land Use Research Unit at King's College London, gaining a unique insight into Professor Alice Coleman’s groundbreaking, if controversial work, on post-war housing regeneration.
Silver then worked at the Architectural Association - where he established pioneering courses in media and communication - and the Bartlett School of Architecture where he introduced specialist courses on real-time environmentally-responsive systems.
Collaborative career.
In 2001, Silver and McLean joined School of Architecture and the Built environment, at the University of Westminster where they jointly head the Technical Studies Department. 
They have recently co-authored two architecture books: "Fabrication: the designer's guide" (Architectural Press) and "Introduction to Architectural Technology" (Laurence King Publishing). Silver is also a director in private practice and McLean works on a series of projects with Bruce McLean (ft: most notably Dalry Primary School in North Ayrshire, Scotland. The project was completed in 2007, www.primaryspace.net) and with US architect and artist Adam Kalkin
Lecture Series.
They co-curate a highly successful public lecture series, The Technical Studies Lectures, hosted by the University of Westminster, which offers a platform for the dissemination of such speakers’ ideas as those in the following non-exhaustive list:
Select bibliography.
Books
Periodicals

</doc>
<doc id="21440352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440352" title="Johnny Rutledge">
Johnny Rutledge

Johnny Boykins Rutledge, III (born January 4, 1977) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons during the 1990s and 2000s. Rutledge played college football for the University of Florida, and was amember of a national championship team. A second round pick in the 1999 NFL Draft, he played professionally for the Arizona Cardinals and the Denver Broncos of the NFL.
Early years.
Rutledge was born in Belle Glade, Florida in 1977. He attended Glades Central High School in Belle Glade, where he played high school football for the Glades Central Raiders.
College career.
Rutledge received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Steve Spurrier's Florida Gators football team from 1995 to 1998. He was a member of the 1996 Gators' team that defeated the Florida State Seminoles 52–20 in the Sugar Bowl for the Bowl Alliance national championship. He was a second-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection as a junior in 1997, and a first-team selection as a senior in 1998.
Rutledge later returned to Gainesville after his NFL career was over, and graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in health and human performance in 2007.
Professional career.
The Arizona Cardinals selected Rutledge in the second round (fifty-first overall pick) in the 1999 NFL Draft, and he played for the Cardinals from to . He played his final season with the Denver Broncos in . In his five-season NFL career, Rutledge appeared in forty-six regular season games.

</doc>
<doc id="21440357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440357" title="Put On a Happy Face">
Put On a Happy Face

Put On a Happy Face is a 1962 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio, recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.
Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House, "The Trio", "The Sound of the Trio", and "Something Warm". The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21440371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440371" title="Republic of Korea Naval Special Warfare Flotilla">
Republic of Korea Naval Special Warfare Flotilla

The Republic of Korea Naval Special Warfare Flotilla (ROKNSWF, SWF; Hangul : ; Hanja : ) is a special warfare unit of Republic of Korea Navy. The flotilla is also known as ROKN UDT/SEALs, because the UDT/SEAL is the most publicly known branch of the flotilla. ROKNSWF are heavily influenced by the United States Navy SEALs, which initially provided funding and expertise in the unit's creation, and still maintain a strong relationship by regularly undertaking joint cross training (JCET) several times a year, utilizing American helicopter and submarine assets, and enrolling students each year in U.S. Naval Special Warfare programs such as BUD/S and EOD school.
Applicants and selection.
The SWF teams take applicants among conscripts, petty officers, and officers. Most petty officers and all conscripts now apply before basic training while officers apply after commissioning (NA, ROTC, or OCS), completion of Surface Warfare Officer School (SWOS), and after they have been assigned to a ship. The BUD/S (Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL School) selection process is almost identical to the US Navy program, consisting of extreme physical and mental challenges such as Hell Week. The completion rate has been known to dip under 10% and usually hovers between 30-40%, leading to manpower problems as the unit continues to expand and has an increasing number of foreign commitments. Since 2010, most washouts have been retained as support personnel and equipment maintenance staff. Those who survive the first ten weeks are trained in open and closed circuit diving, demolition, land warfare and tactics before receiving the special warfare pin.
Units.
Naval Special Warfare Flotilla:
History.
The ROKNSWF (also known in popular culture as the ROKN UDT/SEALs) were involved in reconnaissance missions in North Korea until 1980 when a number of operators were broken away to form the UDU intelligence unit. In 1993 the SWF were tasked with standing up a maritime counter-terrorism unit which later became the Special Missions Bn. In the late 1990s the main focus was on defense of the coast from frequent attempts by the North to infiltrate agents into the South using midget submarines. SWF were involved in the 1996 Gangneung submarine infiltration incident caused by North Korean agents, and in 1998 the unit was involved in the recovery and search of a North Korean Yono-class submarine that had been accidentally snared in fishing nets near Sokcho, Gangwon Province. Since 2009 the SWF have formed the core of the Cheonghae anti-piracy task group deployed to the coast of Somalia. In the early morning of January 22, 2011, as part of Operation Dawn of Gulf of Aden, 15 SWF operators boarded the 11,000-ton chemical freighter "Samho Jewelry" which was taken by 13 pirates 6 days prior; 21 sailors had been held hostages. ROKS "Choi-Young", a 4600-ton destroyer, dispatched its SWF team at 4:58AM along with a Lynx helicopter which then circled the ship and fired machine guns to distract the pirates. The boarding party of 15 SWF killed 8 pirates and captured 5 without taking any casualties after 3 hours of intense firefighting. All 21 hostages were secured, with one hostage suffering a non-fatal gunshot wound to the abdomen.
Equipment.
The SWF is one of the very first to be issued new high-tech equipment (along with the Army's 707th SMB), such as armor-vests and weapons.
The battledress and weaponry varies from unit to unit:
Members of the 1st Battalion, often tasked with mainland-operations, are issued modern camouflage patterned-gear (such as Multicam), while the SMB and others have simple one-colored green/beige uniforms with black vests and helmets.
EOD disposal units use a mix of standard-issue and more specific, mission-required equipment (such as diving-suits).
Weapons.
The weapons and equipment of the ROKNSWF are a mixture of indigenous and foreign manufacture. The Korean K1 carbine, K201 grenade launcher, K3 SAW, K5 pistol, and K7 suppressed submachine gun are all widely used in addition to the Heckler & Koch MP5A5 and MP5SD6 submachine guns for VBSS and CT, the HK416 assault rifle, Beretta 92FS, Sig Sauer P226 Navy, and versions of the Arctic Warfare. Some newer K2Cs, shortened K2s with added Picatinny rails, have been added to their arsenal.

</doc>
<doc id="21440372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440372" title="Lydia Aimée Vololona Rahantasoa">
Lydia Aimée Vololona Rahantasoa

Lydia Aimée Vololona Rahantasoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; she represents the constituency of Manjakandriana.

</doc>
<doc id="21440375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440375" title="Richard Phillips Hotham">
Richard Phillips Hotham

Richard Phillips Hotham (died October 10, 1840) was an English-born lawyer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Prescott in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1836 to 1840 as a Conservative member.
He was named registrar for Prescott and Russell counties in 1820, moving to L'Orignal in that year. In the following year, he was named clerk of the peace and registrar for the Surrogate Court for the Ottawa District. In 1835, he was named clerk for the district court and, in 1837, inspector of licenses. Hotham died at sea during a voyage to England.

</doc>
<doc id="21440376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440376" title="Strom (song)">
Strom (song)

"Strom" ("Current") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the first single and the lead track from the album "In aller Stille".
"Strom" can be described as the "soul" of the album, because its theme, energy, is also the main theme of the album. It's lyrically a comeback-song and an introduction to the album.
The first 8000 copies were limited digipak editions. The song was available as a free download on the band's website a week before the release of the single.
Music video.
The video premiered on MTV and on the band's website on 24 October. It was directed by Philipp Stölzl.
In the video, the band is rehearsing in the studio. A roadie offers to get some coffee and goes to get it. The band then starts playing as smoke starts coming from the electrical equipment. Soon, the wires on the ground catch fire. (This was really bound to happen, because in spite of elementary safety rules, the wiring lies on wet floor.) The band gets electrocuted and the whole room is filled with bolts of electricity. They stop playing for a while, but continue in a second. The high voltage turns them into skeletons, but the band plays on. As they finish playing the song, they collapse into bone piles. The roadie walks in and spills the coffee with astonishment.

</doc>
<doc id="21440378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440378" title="Raharimampionona">
Raharimampionona

Raharimampionona is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; she represents the constituency of Ikalamavony.

</doc>
<doc id="21440386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440386" title="Enucleation (microbiology)">
Enucleation (microbiology)

In the context of microbiology, enucleation refers to removing the nuclear body of a cell.
Enucleation is the removal of a nucleus from its cell. This process is used in the cloning of organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="21440387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440387" title="Heinrich Bach">
Heinrich Bach

Heinrich Bach (16 September 1615 – 10 July 1692) was a German organist, composer and a member of the Bach family.
Heinrich Bach was born at Wechmar, and is the father of the so-called Arnstädt Line. After the early death of his father, his older brother Johannes Bach continued his music education and taught him organ playing. They moved to Suhl and Schweinfurt. From 1635 to 1641, he was "Ratsmusikant" in the Erfurt Ratsmusikanten-Compagnie led by Johannes. From 1641, he became organist in Arnstadt's St. Mary's Church and the Upper Church, a post he kept until his death. In 1642, he married Eva Hoffmann, the younger daughter of Suhl Stadtpfeiffer Hoffmann. Bach died in Arnstadt.
Three of his sons, Johann Christoph Bach, Johann Michael Bach and Johann Günther Bach, were musicians.
Works.
Only a few of his works have been preserved:

</doc>
<doc id="21440388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440388" title="Andrianantoandro Raharinaivo">
Andrianantoandro Raharinaivo

Andrianantoandro Raharinaivo is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambohidratrimo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440394" title="Muhsinah">
Muhsinah

Muhsinah is a Grammy nominated singer and producer, from Washington DC.
She cites Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock, Quincy Jones, Nirvana and Chopin as among her influences.
Musical career.
A graduate of the Duke Ellington School of the Arts and of Howard University, Muhsinah's self-produced EP "day.break 2.0" (2008) was described by XLR8R magazine as "a beautiful smack in the face of mainstream hip-hop and R&B convention".
Though a small scale independent release, it attracted the attention of rappers Common as well as Phonte of Little Brother/The Foreign Exchange, both of whom she later recorded with, appearing on Common's Universal Mind Control and The Foreign Exchange's Leave It All Behind.
The "Washington Post" has written of her as being "part of a new breed of young soul rebels who seamlessly meld electronic beats with layers of jazzy arrangements and unorthodox song structure", and as "equally at home chopping loops and tapping pads on an Akai MPC as she is behind a piano keyboard".
Muhsinah was acknowledged by Radiohead frontman, Thom Yorke, on their website Dead Air Space on March 15, 2010 when he listed the song, "Lose My Fuse (Produced By Flying Lotus)" among his favorites at the time the post was published.

</doc>
<doc id="21440395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440395" title="Doug Nordquist">
Doug Nordquist

Douglas ("Doug") Nordquist (born December 20, 1958 in San Gabriel, California) is a retired male high jumper from the United States, who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics where he ended up in fifth place with a jump of 2.29 metres. He was TAC high jump champion in 1986 and 1988, and placed second at the 1984 Olympic Trials behind distant cousin Dwight Stones. He competed for Sonora High School, finishing a three way tie for third place at the 1977 CIF California State Meet, Fullerton Community College, Washington State University where he was coached by 1968 Olympian Rick Sloan and Tiger International. He was a practitioner of Washington State's specialized weight training for high jumpers He set his personal record of 2.36m while finishing second at the TAC National Championships at Cerritos College in Norwalk, California on June 15, 1990. That jump currently ranks Nordquist tied as the 25th best performer in history.
Doug Nordquist is now the director for the California High School Entertainment Unit, winning first place awards for this band.

</doc>
<doc id="21440399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440399" title="Hery Setaharinaivomanjato Raharisaina">
Hery Setaharinaivomanjato Raharisaina

Hery Setaharinaivomanjato Raharisaina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Vohémar.

</doc>
<doc id="21440400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440400" title="Tim Cofield">
Tim Cofield

Tim Cofield (born May 18, 1963) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, Buffalo Bills, and New York Jets. He later played six seasons in the Canadian Football League as a defensive end for four different teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21440404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440404" title="Francis Tamisy Raharison">
Francis Tamisy Raharison

Francis Tamisy Raharison is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Anosibe an'Ala.

</doc>
<doc id="21440405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440405" title="Gokwe region">
Gokwe region

The Gokwe Region consists of the land in the area around Gokwe centre that was formerly under the control of the Shangwe people, a Shona-speaking group, which lay in the northern part of the Midlands province of northwestern Zimbabwe, and is now broken up into Gokwe South District and Gokwe North District. A number of other groups live in the area, including the Tonga, and Ndebele.
Nkayi North District lies to the south. A researcher noted in 1998, "that the Nkayi-Gokwe border had hardened even before independence when Shona-speaking auxiliary forces had been recruited in Gokwe and used against Nkayi in explicitly tribal attacks."
Gokwe is made up of numerous areas including Kuwirirana Kana, Zumba, Gandavaroyi, Chireya, Sanyati, Tsungai, Nyaurungwe. Other smaller areas include Sikwiti, Sawirangwanda, Mamvuramachena, Dambamazura, Kasvisva, Sese, Matize and others.

</doc>
<doc id="21440408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440408" title="Telemark County Municipality">
Telemark County Municipality

Telemark County Municipality () is the regional governing administration of Telemark, Norway. The main responsibilities of the county municipality includes the running of 29 upper secondary schools. It administrates the county roadways, public transport, dental care, culture and cultural heritage.
The county council is led by Gunn Marit Helgesen of the Conservative Party. The administration is located in Skien. The county municipality has 1,544 employees, and in 2007, a revenue of .

</doc>
<doc id="21440409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440409" title="The Pains of Being Pure at Heart (album)">
The Pains of Being Pure at Heart (album)

The Pains of Being Pure at Heart is the self-titled debut album by the New York indie pop band The Pains of Being Pure at Heart, released on February 3, 2009. The album was recorded at Honeyland Studios in Brooklyn, New York, and was mixed by Archie Moore. The album was released to generally warm critical reception. First pressing of vinyl is black with a limited edition in white. Second pressing of the vinyl is clear. The third pressing is black & white swirl.
Musical style.
The album's sound has been compared to My Bloody Valentine, Ride, The Field Mice and The Jesus and Mary Chain.
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "The Pains of Being Pure at Heart:"
Reception.
"The Pains of Being Pure at Heart" has received generally positive reviews. On the review aggregate site Metacritic, the album currently has a 76 out of 100, indicating "Generally favorable reviews." 
NME's Nathaniel Cramp called the album "Pure indie-pop to hold close to your heart." Ian Cohen of Pitchfork Media gave the album a "Best New Music" designation, writing: "The Pains of Being Pure at Heart simply made a slyly confident debut that mixes sparkling melodies with an undercurrent of sad bastard mopery, and you're just being a dick if you think the past has some kind of patent on that. That's just the way good pop music works." Robert Christgau also praised the album, writing "Not only do they have a sound, they have tunes, and the words bring both home. One day it will please them to remember even this." Allmusic's Tim Sindra was a little less positive, but still enjoyed the album, writing "A little more variation from song to song, a little more of their own sound, or another song or two as compelling as the best stuff here and the POBPAH's debut would have been classic. Settling for impressive is fair enough and good enough for fans of loud, fuzzy, and heartfelt indie noise pop."
In a more mixed review Popmatters' Matthew Fiander criticized the second half of the album, writing "The melodies sound a little too simple, the vocals almost anemic, and the songs take on a dreary-afternoon trudge." Fiander also criticized the album for its lack of originality. In another mixed review, The Guardian's Maddy Costa wrote that "Anyone convinced that the C86 bands represent a nadir of tweeness will hate it - while anyone who thinks that Britpop and dance music ruined indie will fall hopelessly in love."
Pitchfork Media ranked the album #19 on the website's list of The Top 50 Albums of 2009. In addition, the same website ranked the song "Young Adult Friction" #30 on their list of The Top 100 Tracks of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21440412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440412" title="Limbal relaxing incisions">
Limbal relaxing incisions

Limbal Relaxing Incisions (LRI) are a refractive surgical procedure to correct minor astigmatism in the eye. Incisions are made at the opposite edges of the cornea, following the curve of the iris, causing a slight flattening in that direction. Because the incisions are outside of the field of view, they do not cause glare and other visual effects that result from other corneal surgeries like Radial Keratotomy. 
LRI have become the most common technique to correct astigmatism as part of cataract surgery. They are simpler and less expensive than laser surgery such as LASIK or photorefractive keratectomy. Good results do not require the location and length of the incisions to be highly precise. And the incisions can easily be extended later if the original procedure did not correct all of the astigmatism.
Recovery is generally quick and painless, although the patient may experience discomfort.

</doc>
<doc id="21440415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440415" title="Eistein Rajaonary">
Eistein Rajaonary

Eistein Rajaonary is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Midongy Atsimo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440419" title="Gokwe North District">
Gokwe North District

Gokwe North District is the northern of two administrative districts in the Gokwe region of the Midlands province of Zimbabwe. Its administrative seat is Nembudziya.

</doc>
<doc id="21440426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440426" title="William René Rakoto Mahefarinoro">
William René Rakoto Mahefarinoro

William René Rakoto Mahefarinoro is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the third constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440427" title="129th meridian west">
129th meridian west

The meridian 129° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 129th meridian west forms a great circle with the 51st meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 129th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21440433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440433" title="Percy Julian Middle School">
Percy Julian Middle School

Percy Julian Middle School is one of two public middle schools in Oak Park, Illinois, and operated by District 97. It covers grades 6 through 8, and currently serves 802 students. It has four stories. It went under renovation in 2002. The school is named after Percy Julian, a scientist who lived in Oak Park. The principal of the school is Todd Fitzgerald. The former principal, Dr. Victoria Sharts, retired in July of 2012.
Elementary Schools that feed into Julian are Longfellow, Beye, Mann, and Irving. Julian feeds into Oak Park River Forest High School.
In the news.
Towards the beginning of the 2007-2008 school year, the principal banned hugging on school grounds as part of an anti-bullying program. The ban received national attention. The story was also featured on Good Morning America. This hugging ban is found ironic, seeing as the school recent policy at the time was "Hugs, Not Drugs".

</doc>
<doc id="21440434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440434" title="Joelison Emanoela Rakotoarimanana">
Joelison Emanoela Rakotoarimanana

Joelison Emanoela Rakotoarimanana is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Betafo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440439" title="Fred Robinson (American football)">
Fred Robinson (American football)

Fred Lee Robinson (born October 22, 1961 in Miami, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the San Diego Chargers and the Miami Dolphins.
He was a member of the 1983 Miami Hurricanes Championship team that beat Nebraska 31-30.

</doc>
<doc id="21440451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440451" title="Mamy Rakotoarivelo">
Mamy Rakotoarivelo

Mamy Rakotoarivelo is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the third constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440462" title="Andriantsilavo Frédéric Rakotomalala">
Andriantsilavo Frédéric Rakotomalala

Andriantsilavo Frédéric Rakotomalala is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Sakaraha.

</doc>
<doc id="21440466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440466" title="Diário As Beiras">
Diário As Beiras

Diário As Beiras is one of the three main newspapers of Coimbra, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="21440468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440468" title="François Emile Rakotomalala">
François Emile Rakotomalala

François Emile Rakotomalala is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Antananarivo Avaradrano.

</doc>
<doc id="21440474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440474" title="Alsace regional election, 1998">
Alsace regional election, 1998

A regional election took place in Alsace on March 15, 1998, along with all other regions. 

</doc>
<doc id="21440479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440479" title="Mamisoa Rakotomandimbindraibe">
Mamisoa Rakotomandimbindraibe

Mamisoa Rakotomandimbindraibe is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambatolampy.

</doc>
<doc id="21440481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440481" title="Marcus Bell (linebacker)">
Marcus Bell (linebacker)

Marcus Udall Bell (born July 19, 1977 in St. Johns, Arizona) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Seattle Seahawks of the NFL. Bell was drafted by the Seahawks in the fourth round of the 2000 NFL Draft (116th). Bell also played one year for the Houston Texans.
Playing size.
Source: [http://www.nfldraftscout.com/ratings/dsprofile.php?pyid=30310&draftyear=2000&genpos=ILB]

</doc>
<doc id="21440494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440494" title="Edmond Rodin Georges Rakotomanjato">
Edmond Rodin Georges Rakotomanjato

Edmond Rodin Georges Rakotomanjato is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Arivonimamo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440504" title="Joseph Rakotomazava">
Joseph Rakotomazava

Joseph Rakotomazava is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the second constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440509" title="Pllaja e Pusit">
Pllaja e Pusit

Pllaja e Pusit is a mountain peak located in south-eastern Albania. Pllaja e Pusit is high being the highest peak of Mali i Thatë. Pllaja e Pusit is not only the highest peak of Mali i Thatë but also the highest peak of the mountains separating Lake Ohrid and Lake Prespa. To the north - west of Pllaja e Pusit is Lake Ohrid and to the east of this peak is Lake Prespa. One of the largest settlements found near the peak is Liqenas.

</doc>
<doc id="21440510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440510" title="Chindi (novel)">
Chindi (novel)

Chindi is Nebula Award-nominated 2002 book by Jack McDevitt of starship pilot Priscilla "Hutch" Hutchins series. 
Plot Overview.
Alien stealth satellites have been discovered orbiting various habitable planets (eventually including Earth) across space. The Contact Society, a group of rich alien enthusiasts, set out in a brand new superluminal, with Hutch as captain, in search of the source of the strange satellites. As they travel they find a species of sapient snakes who destroyed themselves in a nuclear war, a species of avian beings who look beautiful but are really savages, and an alien retreat on an artificial moon. Then Chindi is discovered. A giant asteroid ship, almost 16km long, it seems to have no reasonable use; but when they enter it, they begin to discover its true purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="21440513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440513" title="Jean Ernest Rakotomiandrisoa">
Jean Ernest Rakotomiandrisoa

Jean Ernest Rakotomiandrisoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Antsirabe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440518" title="Aimé Rakotondrajaona">
Aimé Rakotondrajaona

Aimé Rakotondrajaona is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the second constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440530" title="Lova Adrien Marie Rakotoniaina">
Lova Adrien Marie Rakotoniaina

Lova Adrien Marie Rakotoniaina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Miandrivaso.

</doc>
<doc id="21440532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440532" title="Something Warm">
Something Warm

Something Warm is a 1962 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio, recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.
Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House, "The Trio", "The Sound of the Trio", and "Put On a Happy Face". The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21440533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440533" title="Bruce Herron">
Bruce Herron

Bruce Wayne Herron (born April 14, 1954 in Victoria, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. In December 2012, Herron and former players Raymond Austin and Gerry Sullivan filed a lawsuit against the NFL over their handling of concussions.

</doc>
<doc id="21440534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440534" title="Harijaona Lovanantenaina Rakotonirina">
Harijaona Lovanantenaina Rakotonirina

Harijaona Lovanantenaina Rakotonirina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambositra.

</doc>
<doc id="21440535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440535" title="Charles Bochus">
Charles Bochus

Charles Bochus (December 30, 1802 – January 10, 1878) was a merchant and political figure. He represented Prince Edward in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1836 to 1841 as a Conservative member.
He was a captain in the militia and lived in Picton. He died there at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="21440539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440539" title="Joe Ernest Rakotonirina">
Joe Ernest Rakotonirina

Joe Ernest Rakotonirina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Iakora.

</doc>
<doc id="21440547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440547" title="Jean Ernest Rakotonomenjanahary">
Jean Ernest Rakotonomenjanahary

Jean Ernest Rakotonomenjanahary is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Lalangina.

</doc>
<doc id="21440551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440551" title="128th meridian west">
128th meridian west

The meridian 128° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 128th meridian west forms a great circle with the 52nd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 128th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21440553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440553" title="Hubert Rakotoson">
Hubert Rakotoson

Hubert Rakotoson is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Mahanoro.

</doc>
<doc id="21440557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440557" title="Raymond Rakotozandry">
Raymond Rakotozandry

Raymond Rakotozandry is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Mandoto.

</doc>
<doc id="21440561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440561" title="Charles Ralazasoa">
Charles Ralazasoa

Charles Ralazasoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Tsaratanana.

</doc>
<doc id="21440562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440562" title="2009 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone">
2009 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone

The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of three zones of regional competition in the 2009 Fed Cup.
Group I.
The eight teams were divided into two pools of four teams. The teams that finished first in the pools played-off to determine which team would partake in the World Group II Play-offs. The two nations coming last in the pools also played-off to determine which would be relegated to Group II for 2010.
Group II.
The four teams played in one pool of four, with the team placing first advancing to Group I for 2010.
Pool.
Previously, Pacific Oceania, Philippines, Sri Lanka, Syria and Turkmenistan had also been listed to compete.

</doc>
<doc id="21440570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440570" title="ISO basic Latin alphabet">
ISO basic Latin alphabet

The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) basic Latin-script alphabet consists of the following 26 letters:
By the 1960s it became apparent to the computer and telecommunications industries in the First World that a non-proprietary method of encoding characters was needed. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) encapsulated the Latin script in their (ISO/IEC 646) 7-bit character-encoding standard. To achieve widespread acceptance, this encapsulation was based on popular usage. The standard was based on the already published "American Standard Code for Information Interchange", better known as ASCII, which included in the character set the 26 × 2 letters of the English alphabet. Later standards issued by the ISO, for example ISO/IEC 8859 (8-bit character encoding) and ISO/IEC 10646 (Unicode Latin), have continued to define the 26 × 2 letters of the English alphabet as the basic Latin script with extensions to handle other letters in other languages.
Representation.
In ASCII the letters belong to the printable characters and in Unicode since version 1.0 they belong to the block "C0 Controls and Basic Latin". In both cases, as well as in ISO/IEC 646, ISO/IEC 8859 and ISO/IEC 10646 they are occupying the positions in hexadecimal notation 41 to 5A for uppercase and 61 to 7A for lowercase.
Not case sensitive, all letters have code words in the ICAO spelling alphabet and can be represented with Morse code.
Usage.
All of the lowercase letters are used in the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA). In X-SAMPA and SAMPA these letters have the same sound value as in IPA. In Kirshenbaum they have the same value except for the letter r.
Alphabets containing exactly the same letters.
The below list only contains alphabets that do not contain:
English is the only major modern European language requiring no diacritics for native words (although a diaeresis is used by some publishers in words such as "coöperation").
Note for Portuguese:
"k", "w" and "y" were part of the alphabet until several spelling reforms during the 20th century, the aim of which was to change the etymological Portuguese spelling into an easier phonetic spelling. These letters were replaced by other letters having the same sound: thus "psychologia" became "psicologia", "kioske" became "quiosque", "martyr" became "mártir", etc. Nowadays "k", "w", and "y" are only found in foreign words and their derived terms and in scientific abbreviations (e.g. "km", "byronismo"). These letters are considered part of the alphabet again following the 1990 Portuguese Language Orthographic Agreement, which came into effect on January 1, 2009, in Brazil. See Reforms of Portuguese orthography.

</doc>
<doc id="21440572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440572" title="Heroji">
Heroji

Heroji (English: "Heroes") is the fourteenth studio album by Bosnian Serb folk singer Indira Radić, released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21440575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440575" title="Hajanirina Lanto Ramaherijaona">
Hajanirina Lanto Ramaherijaona

Hajanirina Lanto Ramaherijaona is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Tsiroanomandidy.

</doc>
<doc id="21440580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440580" title="Jim Bob Bizzell">
Jim Bob Bizzell

Jim Bob Bizzell (born November 22, 1985) is a Paralympian athlete from the United States competing mainly in category T44 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay (T42-46 event), a silver medal in the men's 200 metres (T44 event), and a silver medal in the men's 400 metres (T44 event).

</doc>
<doc id="21440584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440584" title="Tōjūrō no Koi">
Tōjūrō no Koi

Note.
The book had been previously adapted into another movie called Tōjūrō no Koi in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="21440597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440597" title="Greg Westbrooks">
Greg Westbrooks

Gregory Melvin Westbrooks (born February 24, 1953 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the New Orleans Saints, the Oakland Raiders, the St. Louis Cardinals, and the Los Angeles Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="21440598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440598" title="Jean de la Croix Ramambason">
Jean de la Croix Ramambason

Jean de la Croix Ramambason is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the sixth constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440604" title="Nyona Lake">
Nyona Lake

Nyona Lake is a lake near the town of Macy, Indiana in Fulton County.

</doc>
<doc id="21440609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440609" title="Benjamin Ramamonjisoa">
Benjamin Ramamonjisoa

Benjamin Ramamonjisoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Antananarivo Atsimondrano.

</doc>
<doc id="21440612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440612" title="Xinghua">
Xinghua

Xinghua may refer to:
Townships.
Written as "兴化乡":
Written as "兴华乡":
Subdistricts.
Written as "兴华街道":

</doc>
<doc id="21440619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440619" title="Tsimisotry Ramanantsoa">
Tsimisotry Ramanantsoa

Tsimisotry Ramanantsoa is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Morafenobe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440620" title="Giovanni Fontana (engineer)">
Giovanni Fontana (engineer)

Giovanni Fontana (ca. 1395 – ca. 1455) was a fifteenth-century Venetian physician and engineer who portrayed himself as a magus. He was born in Venice in the 1390s and attended the University of Padua, where he received his degree in arts in 1418 and his degree in medicine in 1421. University records list him as "Master John, son of Michael de la Fontana". His most famous promoter at the University was the scholastic Paul of Venice. He tells us that the Doge of Venice sent him to Brescia to deliver a message to the condottiere Francesco Carmagnola. He was also employed as the municipal physician by the city of Udine.
Works.
Fontana composed treatises on a diverse array of topics. We have early works of his on water-clocks, sand-clocks and measurement. Fontana composed one of the earliest Renaissance technological treatises, "Bellicorum instrumentorum liber". His machine book contains siege engines and fantastic inventions such as a magic lantern and a rocket-propelled bird, fish, and rabbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21440625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440625" title="Khmer Democratic Party">
Khmer Democratic Party

The Khmer Democratic Party (KDP) is a Cambodian third political party
Political ideology.
This political party supports the belief that while illegal immigrants and even those ‘’from Vietnam’’ who ‘’take jobs from Cambodians’’ are destructive to Cambodia. The KDP’s leader Uk Phourik says he and his party do not support the ideology of ‘’anti-immigration’’ however he and the Khmer Democratic Party support and promote the belief that ‘’all immigrants’’ must ‘’on a case by case basis’’ need to become citizens only ‘’by royal decree’’ in order to live in Cambodia where they could constructively contribute to Cambodia as well. 
Other ideologies the Khmer Democratic Party promotes and supports are human-rights ‘’particularly for women and children’’ and giving unlimited support to ‘’a free market economy’’ and also being unbiased by supporting and ‘’co-operating’’ with all the countries of the world ‘’regardless of their socio-political policies.’’ Apart from that there is also the party supports the belief of all Cambodians having control over their country by ‘’sovereignty.’’
Other ideologies the party supports is for example its conservative support of cultural heritage and social morality as well as Constitutional law which means they oppose the following like thievery, drug and human trafficking, etc.
Political activities.
Interestingly out of the many television campaign programs showing political parties promoting their views, the Khmer Democratic Party got 1 hour 48 minutes which was more time on than the ruling Cambodian People's Party time which was 1 hour 43 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21440627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440627" title="Todisaina Raymond Ramarolahy">
Todisaina Raymond Ramarolahy

Todisaina Raymond Ramarolahy is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Marolambo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440629" title="127th meridian west">
127th meridian west

The meridian 127° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 127th meridian west forms a great circle with the 53rd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 127th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21440634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440634" title="Chokers">
Chokers

Chokers can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21440637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440637" title="Flore Maltine Ramarozatovo">
Flore Maltine Ramarozatovo

Flore Maltine Ramarozatovo is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, she was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; she represents the constituency of Soavinandriano.

</doc>
<doc id="21440642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440642" title="Terry Irving">
Terry Irving

Terry Duane Irving (born July 3, 1971 in Galveston, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Arizona Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="21440646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440646" title="Sha-Kon-O-Hey! Land of Blue Smoke">
Sha-Kon-O-Hey! Land of Blue Smoke

Sha-Kon-O-Hey! Land of Blue Smoke was released on February 11, 2009 and is a Dolly Parton album sold exclusively at Dollywood and through the Great Smoky Mountains Association.
The song "Sha-Kon-O-Hey!" can be heard in Dolly's Dixie Stampede. 
Album information.
While serving as honorary ambassador of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in 2009, Parton wrote eight pieces of music for a new stage show at Dollywood. The eight songs in the musical were recorded by Parton for this commemorative CD. During its first year of release, all proceeds from the album were donated to the non-profit "Friends of the Smokies" organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21440652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440652" title="Jules Henri Randriamaholison">
Jules Henri Randriamaholison

Jules Henri Randriamaholison is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the first constituency of Antananarivo.

</doc>
<doc id="21440664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440664" title="José Martial Ranaivo">
José Martial Ranaivo

José Martial Ranaivo is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Anjozorobe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440668" title="Ian Jones (athlete)">
Ian Jones (athlete)

Ian Jones is a Paralympian athlete from Great Britain competing mainly in category T44 sprint events.
He is also backup Small Forward for the Detroit Pistons.
Ian started his athletics career running 100m & 200m but made a successful step-up to 400m in 2007. He ran then personal bests for 100m (11.88) and 200m (23.82) for two silvers behind Oscar Pistorious at 2007 Paralympic World Cup. Ian is a qualified football and disability sports coach and coaches in the Manchester and Stockport area. When he was younger, he had football trials with Manchester United and Stockport County and is a judo black belt.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China where he won a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T44 event and a bronze medal in the men's 400 metres - T44 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21440669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440669" title="Sylvestre Ranaivo">
Sylvestre Ranaivo

Sylvestre Ranaivo is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the second constituency of Toamasina.

</doc>
<doc id="21440676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440676" title="Birte Christoffersen">
Birte Christoffersen

Birte Christoffersen, later Hanson, later Ekberg (born March 28, 1924), is a Danish and later Swedish diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics. She was born in Copenhagen. In 1948 she represented Denmark and won the bronze medal in the 10 metre platform event. In the 3 metre springboard competition she finished ninth. Eight years later at the 1956 Games while competing for Sweden she finished eighth in the 10 metre platform contest and ninth in the 3 metre springboard event. At the 1960 Games she finished twelfth in the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21440683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440683" title="Andrianavalona Fanomezanjaka Pierrot Ranaivoson">
Andrianavalona Fanomezanjaka Pierrot Ranaivoson

Andrianavalona Fanomezanjaka Pierrot Ranaivoson is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Fenoarivobe.

</doc>
<doc id="21440695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440695" title="Ramilison Randriamampianina">
Ramilison Randriamampianina

Ramilison Randriamampianina is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Antanifotsy.

</doc>
<doc id="21440696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440696" title="James Carney (scholar)">
James Carney (scholar)

James Patrick Carney (17 May 1914 – 7 July 1989) was a noted Irish Celtic scholar.
He was born in Portlaoise, County Laois and was educated at the Christian Brothers school in Synge Street, Dublin. He took his degree at University College Dublin in 1935, before going to Bonn University to study under Rudolf Thurneysen. 
On returning to Dublin, Carney worked under Osborn Bergin, Gerard Murphy, Richard Irvine Best and T. F. O'Rahilly. He pioneered an approach to early Irish texts which focused on their literary merit and their affinities with the other literatures of the medieval world. His "Studies in Irish Literature and History" which appeared in 1956 challenged the 'nativist' approach to Irish literature which had dominated the scholarship of the previous decades. His work on Saint Patrick also proved controversial.
He was attached to the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies from its foundation by Éamon de Valera in 1940 and became Professor of Irish there. From 1950–52 he was visiting professor at Uppsala University where he and his wife founded a Department of Celtic Studies. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by that institution in 1975.
He was married to Maura Morrissey, also an academic and a member of the Royal Irish Academy, who predeceased him in 1975. The couple had a son, Paul, now a judge in the Irish High Court.

</doc>
<doc id="21440702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440702" title="Modeste Randriamanantena">
Modeste Randriamanantena

Modeste Randriamanantena is a Malagasy politician. A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as a member of the Tiako I Madagasikara party; he represents the constituency of Ambato Boéni.

</doc>
<doc id="21440704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440704" title="126th meridian west">
126th meridian west

The meridian 126° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 126th meridian west forms a great circle with the 54th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 126th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21440705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21440705" title="2009–10 KHL season">
2009–10 KHL season

The 2009–10 KHL season was the second season of the Kontinental Hockey League. It was held from 10 September 2009 to 27 April 2010, with a break for the Olympic winter games from 8 February to 3 March. Ak Bars Kazan defended their title by defeating Western conference winners HC MVD in a seven-game play-off final.
League changes.
On 16 June 2009, the KHL Board of Directors approved several changes to the league for the 2009–10 season.
The league admitted a new team, Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg. Khimik Voskresensk did not play in the 2009–10 season due to financial problems, but they retained KHL membership and may return at a later date, meanwhile playing in the Russian Major League. Overall, the number of teams playing in 2009–10 remained at 24.
Teams were geographically aligned to aid travel conditions. The league were divided into a Western and an Eastern conference, each containing two divisions of six teams. Each team played the other teams in the same division 4 times (for a total of 20 games) and each team in the other divisions 2 times (for a total of 36 games). The regular season thus consisted of 56 games for every team.
The top eight teams from each conference qualified for the play-offs. Division winners were awarded the top two seeds.
In each conference quarterfinals, semifinals and finals will be played and the conference winners play for the Gagarin Cup. Conference quarterfinals were best-of-five series, the remaining rounds best-of-seven series. Overtime periods last 20 minutes or until the sudden death goal.
The aggregate income of all players of a team was limited to 620 million rubles (~$20 million USD). Minimum aggregate salary for the players was 200 million rubles (~$6.5 million USD). Each teams was allowed one "franchise player" exception, who did not count towards the cap.
25 players are allowed to be in the major team roster and 25 in the junior team roster of every club. The number of foreign players is restricted to 5, at most one of them as goaltender.
The league implemented a more advanced and organized junior hockey sub-league to focus on development. It features players from 17 to 21 years of age.
On 1 June 2009, the inaugural entry draft for the KHL was held. Each team's hockey school was able to protect 25 players from the 17-21 agegroup prior to the draft.
Goal crease was shrunk to the NHL dimensions.
Regular season.
The regular season started on 10 September 2009 with the "Opening Cup" and ended on 7 March 2010. A few small breaks for the national team and the All-Star game as well as a large break for the Olympic winter games from 8 February to 3 March were scheduled. Each team played a total of 56 games (4 times against the division opponents and 2 times against all other teams). The winner of the regular season was awarded the Continental Cup.
Notable events.
Opening Cup
The first game of each KHL season is the "Opening Cup" played between the two finalists of the last season. In 2009, the game was played at the TatNeft Arena in Kazan and won by last year's champion Ak Bars Kazan, beating runner-up Lokomotiv Yaroslavl 3–2 in overtime. The two teams were wearing special uniforms with an Opening Cup logo.
Fetisov comeback
On 11 December 2009, Russian hockey legend Viacheslav Fetisov gave a one-game comeback in professional hockey at the age of 51. In this game for CSKA Moscow he played for 8 minutes without a shot on the goal, but it created a very large media interest, not only for himself but also for CSKA Moscow and the KHL.
Mass brawl in Chekhov
On 9 January 2010, in the game between Vityaz Chekhov and Avangard Omsk, a bench-clearing brawl broke out in the 4th minute of the first period, and a bench- and penalty-box clearing brawl broke out 39 seconds later, forcing the officials to abandon the game, since only four players were left to play. 33 players and both team's coaches were ejected, and a world record total of 707 penalty minutes were incurred. The KHL imposed fines totaling 5.7 million rubles ($191,000), suspended seven players, and counted the game as a 5–0 defeat for both teams, with no points being awarded.
All-Star Game
The 2nd KHL All-star game was played on 30 January 2010 in the new Minsk-Arena in Minsk, Belarus. As in the previous year, Team Jágr won against Team Yashin, this time with a score of 11–8.
Continental Cup
The first Continental Cup in the KHL history was won by Salavat Yulaev Ufa on 5 March 2010, after the club became unreachable by other clubs in the KHL standings one game before the end of the regular season, and extended their remarkable regular season winning streak to three.
League standings.
Source: khl.ru
Points are awarded as follows:
Conference standings.
The conference standings will determine the seedings for the play-offs. The first two places in each conference are reserved for the division leaders.
1 The KHL decided that as a result of the game between Vityaz Chekhov and Avangard Omsk on 9 January 2010 being abandoned due to a mass brawl which left neither team having the required number of players to continue, the game would count as a 5-0 defeat for both teams with no points being awarded.
Divisional standings.
Western Conference
Eastern Conference
League leaders.
Source: khl.ru
Goaltenders: minimum 20 games played
Scoring leaders.
Source: khl.ru
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus-minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
Source: khl.ru
"GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; SOL = Shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"
Playoffs.
The eight best teams of each conference qualified for the playoffs. The first three rounds are played within the conferences, then the two winners will play in the Gagarin Cup final. The playoffs started on 10 March 2010 and ended on 27 April with the seventh game of the Gagarin Cup final. Remarkably, each of all the fifteen play-off series was won by the team which won the first game in the series.
Playoff leaders.
Source: khl.ru
Goaltenders: minimum 5 games played
Scoring leaders.
Source: khl.ru
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus-minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
Source: khl.ru
"GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"
Awards.
Players of the Month.
Best KHL players of each month.
KHL Awards.
On 25 May 2010, the KHL held their annual award ceremony. A total of 20 different awards were handed out to teams, players, officials and media. The most important trophies are listed in the table below.
The league also awarded six "Golden Helmets" for the members of the all-star team:

</doc>
