<doc id="21398554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398554" title="R&amp;J Records">
R&amp;J Records

R&J Records is an American independent record label specializing in country music. It was founded in May 2011 by James Stroud and Rick Carter. Stroud is a record producer and former president of Giant Records and DreamWorks Records. In 2008, Stroud had launched Stroudavarious Records and signed many artists to that label. Most Stroudavarious artists' contracts were moved to the new label, whereas some other previous artists signed with Stroudavarious have moved to other record labels.
2008-2011: Stroudavarious Records.
Stroud had founded in July 2008 Stroudavarious Records The label's roster consisted of some new artists and also artists who had previously been signed to major labels. It had many artists signed to Stroudavarious including, at one time or another, Aaron Lewis, LoCash Cowboys, Shelly Fairchild, Shea Fisher, Houston County, Blaine Larsen (Treehouse), Richie McDonald, Anthony Smith and Darryl Worley, whereas the affiliated BamaJam included Tracy Lawrence, Blackberry Smoke and Matt Kennon, and Country Crossing included John Anderson, Aaron Tippin, Lee Greenwood and Lorrie Morgan and finally Emrose that had signed Margaret Durante.
2011-2012: R&J Records / DMP Records / Emrose Records.
James Stroud announced on May 17, 2011 the launching of the Nashville-based R&J Records. The same executive team that ran Stroudavarious Records ran the new label. 
Besides the main R&J Records label, there were two concurrent labels under the umbrella of the company, namely DMP Records and Emrose Records.
R&J was "restructured" in April 2012, with Andy Gibson transferring to Curb Records and Maggie Rose (formerly known as Margaret Durante) moving to RPM Entertainment.
Artist roster of R&J:

</doc>
<doc id="21398558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398558" title="Diego Romanini">
Diego Romanini

Diego Romanini (born 30 December 1978 in Pietrasanta) is an Italian auto racing driver. He has competed in the World Touring Car Championship and was the Austria Formula 3 Cup champion in 2001 and 2003.
Career.
After starting his career in karting, he first started circuit racing in 1998 with Italian Formula Renault, before racing in the Italian Formula Campus Series. In 2000 he competed in Austrian Formula Three, becoming champion in 2001. He spent one year in the British Formula Three Championship, then returned to the Austrian series in 2003, where he regained his title. Also that year, he won the Centraleurop Formula Three Championship, and drove in the German Formula Three Championship. 2004 saw him first drive in Touring cars, with a season in the German Touring Car Challenge, finishing sixth on points. He competed in selected races in German Formula Three and the FIA GT Championship in 2005.
For 2006 he got a drive in the FIA World Touring Car Championship for the independent Wiechers-Sport Team, in a BMW 320i. He finished sixth in the Yokohama Independent Trophy, with a best placed race finish of thirteenth in round twelve at Puebla.
In 2008 Romanini raced in the International GT Open and selected rounds of the Euroseries 3000.
In 2011 Diego Romanini raced 5 VLN races and the 24h race at the Nürburgring Nordschleife with the BMW 325i E92 from Motorsport Team Sorg Rennsport. He took 3 VLN and the 24h victory in class!
Romamini will drive for Proteam Racing from the second round of the 2013 European Touring Car Cup season in Slovakia in a BMW 320si with the option of joining the team for future WTCC events.
Racing record.
Complete World Touring Car Championship results.
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="21398563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398563" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1961)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1961)

Coronation Street is a British soap opera, initially produced by Granada Television. Created by writer Tony Warren, "Coronation Street" first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960. The following is a list of characters introduced in the show's second year, by order of first appearance.
Originally written by Warren, the series is produced by Stuart Latham until July and then by Derek Granger from July onwards. In January, Latham introduced four new regular characters, the first batch to arrive since Warren's initial creations at the start of the series a month earlier. These were factory workers Sheila Birtles (Eileen Mayers) and Doreen Lostock (Angela Crow), timid shop assistant Emily Nugent (Eileen Derbyshire) and an extension to the Walker family, Annie and Jack's son Billy Walker (Ken Farrington). As of 2013, Derbyshire still appears as Emily.
January also saw the introduction of Len Fairclough (Peter Adamson), a character who would become one of the series' central figures and the show's most prominent alpha male. Adamson continued in the role for twenty-two years. Bryan Mosley also made his first appearance as Alf Roberts later in February, originally a recurring role, Alf wasn't made a regular until 1971. In April, petty criminal Jed Stone (Kenneth Cope) moved in. June saw the show's first birth, as Paul Cheveski was born to parents Linda and Ivan.
Granger took over as producer in July, and he introduces Valerie Tatlock (Anne Reid) in early August, followed by Bill Gregory (Jack Watson) in his first of four short stints in October.
Arnold Tanner.
Arnold Tanner is the first husband of Elsie Tanner. In January 1961, he turned up on the doorstep of number 11 after an absence of fifteen years in order to meet his two children and ask for a divorce from Elsie so he could marry his new girlfriend Norah Dawson. At first Elsie refused, but was persuaded otherwise when Arnold threatened to cite her wartime romances in their divorce. He was last seen in June 1966.
Dot Greenhalgh.
Dot Greenhalgh (née Todd) is the long-time best friend of Elsie Tanner. The pair worked together at Miami Modes, a local clothes shop, and eventually Dot was given a promotion to supervisor—but left soon after to work at a department store. Dot had several flings in her time despite being married, and in 1969, her husband Walter finally finished with her and on top of this she lost her fancy new job. Miami Modes took her back, but when she stole stock and then blamed Elsie, her life in Weatherfield came to an end. She admitted her guilt, got the sack and Elsie refused to speak to her ever again. 
Norah Tanner.
Norah Tanner (née Dawson) was Arnold Tanner's new fiancée who owned a sweet shop in Weatherfield. She arrived in "Coronation Street" with Arnold when he was seeking a divorce from Elsie Tanner, in order for him to marry Norah. Norah thought she was a better class than anyone who lived on the Street and during an argument with Elsie she called her 'Common', whenever Elsie referred to Norah she called her 'Madame Toffee shop'.
Joe Makinson.
Joe Makinson is a plumber who arrives early in 1961 to carry out work for Christine Hardman. Having just dumped her boyfriend Malcolm for his lack of support following her mother's death, and on discovering that May had unpaid debts, Christine's struggle sparked sympathy from Joe, who paid for the plumbing bill himself. Joe then asked Christine for a date and they became an item. After a few months Joe asked Christine for her hand in marriage and they became engaged, but soon after a Christine had decided she needed more excitement in her life and subsequently broke it off with him. Joe was heartbroken.
Joe briefly returned in 1963 and resumed his affair with Christine, but he ended it when he realised he meant nothing to her. He returned again in 1970 to settle a debt with Alan Howard.
Beattie Pearson.
Beatrice "Beattie" Pearson (née Tatlock) is the daughter of Albert Tatlock, played by Gabrielle Daye. Beattie was first seen on Coronation Street in 1961 visiting her father. Beattie's visits were quite rare usually coming to the street when she wanted something. She attended the wedding of Ken Barlow to her cousin Valerie Tatlock in 1962 and also attended Val's funeral in 1971. She moved in with Albert for a few weeks when she left her husband, Norman, but Albert soon sent her back. In 1975 she along with the rest of the Street attended Albert's 80th Birthday street party. In 1981 on another visit to Coronation Street Beattie was afraid that she would have to have Albert live with her because Ken and Deirdre Barlow were thinking of leaving the Street, but she was glad when they decided to stay. Beattie's last appearance was after Albert died in 1984. Beattie gave Ken his World War one medal at his funeral, saying that Albert always looked upon him as a son.
Doreen Lostock.
Doreen Lostock and her friend Sheila Birtles first appeared when they worked at Elliston's Raincoat Factory. Doreen briefly dated Billy Walker before he left for London in August 1961, and became the third Rovers barmaid that year. Due to the Equity Actor's Strike, Doreen was absent from the Street from November 1961 until June 1962, but like many others the absence was left unexplained upon her return. Eventually, two weeks after Sheila's suicide attempt forced her to leave the Street, Doreen herself found she had nothing left in Weatherfield and went to join the Women's Royal Army Corps.
Eileen Hughes.
Eileen Hughes is a hairdresser played by Prunella Scales who briefly vied for the affections of Harry Hewitt. While she and Florrie Lindley both liked him, Harry only had eyes for barmaid Concepta.
Len Fairclough.
Leonard Franklin "Len" Fairclough was played by Peter Adamson.
Len was from Liverpool, born on 5 November 1924. His parents were killed in the Blitz, after which Len joined the Merchant Navy. After de-mob, he came to Weatherfield, where he married Nellie and had a son Stanley (played by Peter Noone, later of the British pop group Herman's Hermits). The marriage was not a happy one and on 22 November 1963, Nellie told him she wanted a divorce. Nellie later died of cancer and Stanley never forgave his father for how he had treated her — they were never reconciled.
A builder by profession — he owned his own yard — he also spent many years as an Independent councillor for Weatherfield. Len's idea of a real woman was his next door neighbour, Elsie Tanner: attractive, sexy, with a ribald sense of humour. However she was more of a friend than a lover, and when Len suggested that their relationship should go to the next level, Elsie always refused, not wanting to spoil the special bond they had. When Elsie re-married, to a handsome G.I., Master Sergeant Steve Tanner, Len was consumed with jealousy, to such an extent that when Steve was found dead in suspicious circumstances, Len was accused of murdering him.
Len had reconciled himself to being on his own for the rest of his life — and then he met Rita Bates, who earned her living as a cabaret singer in the rather downmarket Gatsby Club. Although she claimed she was married to Harry Bates, they were in fact only a common-law couple; her name was actually Rita Littlewood. Rita had a lot in common with Elsie. She was feisty, independent and was never afraid to stand up to Len, and this was what he wanted in a woman. Elsie was initially very cool towards Rita, but they became firm friends later. After a rocky courtship, Len and Rita married and honeymooned in Tenerife, where Rita had a secured herself a singing job.
After a while, Rita started to feel frustrated by Len and his lack of motivation. Feeling he was taking her for granted, Rita left him, upon which Len went to pieces. Once she had agreed to return, the couple attempted to adopt a child, but were told they were too old. Instead, they fostered, first a boy called John, then, on a more long-term basis, Sharon Gaskell. Len was amused that she preferred woodwork to needlework and that she liked playing football — this caused an instant bond between them, much to Rita's delight. Sharon became the Faircloughs' surrogate daughter, and Len was proud of her. When he came home unexpectedly one night and found a boy in the house trying to entice Sharon upstairs, he threatened to hit him. Rita was angry, believing that Len had mishandled the situation, but he was able to say from the heart that he had only done it because he cared about Sharon. Eventually, Sharon moved away, after getting a job as a kennel maid in Sheffield. Life seemed to be going well for the Faircloughs; they had two businesses, Len's building Yard and The Kabin, a newsagents. However, an off-screen scandal involving the actor who played Len resulted in a decision by the producers to discontinue the character. For several months Len did not appear, his absence explained by a storyline that he was working long hours on a contract away from home.
Rita's world came crashing down when Len fell asleep at the wheel of his van and collided with a motorway bridge. He was killed instantly. Rita was devastated, but was comforted when Sharon came back from Sheffield to attend the funeral. Rita was later to discover, however, that Len had been having an affair with a woman in Ashton. As a result, her memories of Len remained bitter-sweet. When Rita subsequently began a relationship with Alan Bradley, Alan stole evidence of Len's identity and pretended to be him in order to obtain a loan to support his own business. It was Rita's discovery of the deception that caused her violent final break-up with Alan.
Edwin Mason.
Edwin Mason is the brother of May Hardman, who visited Christine after her mother's death in order to give her some money to live on and warned Joe Makinson to stay away. He later visited again and met Christine's husband-to-be Frank Barlow, whom he disapproved of.
Billy Walker.
Billy Walker was the son of Annie and Jack Walker and first appeared 27 January 1961. He was played by actor Ken Farrington.
Farrington was originally tested for the part of Dennis Tanner; producers felt that he did not suite the role and it later given to actor Philip Lowrie. Farrington told Ken Roche of "TVTimes" that "they didn't think I was right for it, so the wrote me into the series as the son of Annie Walker (Doris Speed)". The actor had spent time away from "Coronation Street" pursuing other projects; he told Roche that he enjoyed the breaks because each time he would return she felt "refreshed".
Billy was the son of Jack and Annie, landlords of the Rovers Return. Although he grew up in Weatherfield, Billy moved to London to run a garage in 1961, and only made fleeting appearances in Coronation Street until Jack died in 1970 and Billy returned to help out at the Rovers to ease the burden on Annie. A mechanic by trade, Billy was never happy behind the bar of the Rovers and left Weatherfield several times in the early 1970s to work in London again.
In 1974, Billy became engaged to Deirdre Hunt. With the wedding only weeks away in 1975, Billy called off the wedding and left to take a job in Jersey, which became Billy's new home. In the years that followed, Billy occasionally returned, usually to ask Annie for money for the latest business deal which interested him as he usually gambled his own money away and was always debt-ridden. He kept tabs on Deirdre, despite her marrying and divorcing Ray Langton in his absence, and unsuccessfully tried to convince her to make a new start with him in Jersey.
When Annie retired in 1984, Billy took over the Rovers licence at her request, but after a short time as landlord he was forced out by the brewery for holding after-hours parties and he left Weatherfield again and returned to Jersey. It is not known what has happened to Billy in the years since his departure.
Joan Walker.
Joan Davies (née Walker) is the daughter of Jack and Annie Walker. She is one half of the first couple to wed on "Coronation Street" and moved to Derby with her new husband soon after the wedding. As far as we know Joan and her husband Gordon were still together by the time the last Walker, her brother Billy, left the Street in 1984—making their marriage one of the longest and most successful in the show's history.
Gordon Davies.
Gordon Davies is the school teacher fiancé of Joan Walker. They married on 8 March 1961 and subsequently settled into a new life in Derby.
Phil Braithwaite.
Phil Braithwaite is first seen in March as a Town Hall employee who Ena Sharples went to complain to about her gas. He next appeared when he moved into the flat above the Corner Shop with his friend Norman. He was potentially a regular character but the Equity Actor's Strike prevented him from appearing just a few episodes after his return, and he was never seen again. Phil and Norman were said to have moved out of the flat in January 1962.
Norman Dobson.
Norman Dobson is first seen as a Town Hall employee who Ena Sharples went to complain to about her gas supply. He next appeared when he moved into the flat above the Corner Shop with his friend Phil. He was potentially a regular character but the Equity Actor's Strike prevented him from appearing just a few episodes after his return, and he was never seen again. Phil and Norman were said to have moved out of the flat in January 1962.
Colin Lomax.
Colin Lomax is the grandson of Ena Sharples who twice visited the Street. Colin is notable for having future Monkees member Davy Jones originating the role in 1961. 
Sylvia Snape.
Sylvia Snape ran a café on Rosamund Street, which Doreen Lostock worked at for a short while before it closed down. She is played by a young Patricia Routledge, now better known for her role in Keeping Up Appearances.
Michael Regan.
Michael Regan is a man with whom Concepta Riley had a brief fling to make Harry Hewitt jealous. This was due to Concepta's mistaken belief that Harry had no feelings for her when she saw him with Florrie Lindley.
Alice Burgess.
Alice Burgess is the divorcée sister of Harry Hewitt who moved in and became his housekeeper. Her presence meant that Harry's daughter Lucille could finally come home from the orphanage, but Lucille was very hostile towards her bossy aunt and after a couple of months Alice packed up and left, prompting Harry to propose to Concepta Riley in the hope of her becoming a new mother for Lucille. 
Mrs Dumbarton.
Mrs Dumbarton is the manager of clothes shop Miami Modes, in which Elsie Tanner and Dot Greenhalgh worked. She isn't well liked by the employees, who rejoice when she leaves the store in 1963. 
Walter Fletcher.
Walter Fletcher was a sales rep who met Elsie Tanner working at Miami Modes. He chatted her up and invited her on a date. Elsie was reluctant but agreed to go out with him.
By the time their date came round, Elsie had already set her sights on Arthur Dewhurst, so her son-in-law Ivan Cheveski told Walter that Arthur was Elsie's husband and successfully scared him off. Elsie feared that the gossip would spread at work and jeopardise her divorce from real husband Arnold.
Arthur Dewhurst.
Arthur Dewhurst is a detective who had a relationship with Elsie Tanner. He became overly clingy and possessive due to Elsie's many male friends, and she finished with him. Arthur got himself transferred after the split. 
Marian Lund.
Marian Lund was a librarian who worked at the university which Ken Barlow attended. Despite being eleven years his senior, Marion and Ken began a love affair after he ended his relationship with Susan Cunningham. However, the romance ended when Ken found out that Marian had a fiancé.
Ken and Marian next crossed paths 47 years later when a university reunion brought them back together. They briefly hinted at their past relationship, though no direct connection to Marian was addressed.
Jean Stark.
Jean Stark was played by Renny Lister. She first appeared as a workmate of Christine Hardman's and when Jean fell out with her parents it was Christine she turned to for support, who invited her to move in as lodger. She didn't stay long, and Christine was left alone once again. In reality, actress Renny Lister was meant to be a permanent cast member but a strike by the actor's union Equity meant that only a few of the main characters could appear for a period at the end of 1961. However, when the strike was over, Lister wasn't invited back and Jean's disappearance was left unexplained.
She also briefly dated Jed Stone, a friend of Dennis Tanner. Their date didn't go very well, however the actress Renny Lister is married to the actor who played Jed, Kenneth Cope, known for Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased), in real life.
Tom Hayes.
Tom Hayes was the brother of Esther Hayes who came to live on the Street after being released from prison. He had several crazy money-making ideas, all of them needing some sort of investment, usually from Esther which she flatly refused. After sponging off his sister for too long, a friend of Esther's pointed out to him that he wasn't welcome anymore and he subsequently left. 
Nancy Leathers.
Nancy Leathers was the mother of resident Ida Barlow and grandmother of Ken Barlow and David Barlow. Nancy had been widowed when her husband George, Ida's father, had been killed in action during the First World War. Nancy lived with the Barlows for some time during 1961 before moving into an OAP bungalow. She made her last appearance at Ken's wedding to Valerie Tatlock in 1962. It is assumed she died before the birth of her great grandchildren Susan Barlow and Peter Barlow.
Paul Cheveski.
Paul Cheveski was the son born to Ivan and Linda Cheveski in 1961. He was the first baby to be born on "Coronation Street" and moved to Canada with his parents shortly after his birth. Paul made his last appearance in 1972.
Brian Foley.
Brian Foley was Esther Hayes's boss who developed a friendship with her due to their similar interests. They visited galleries and concerts together, and Esther turned to him for support when her brother Tom was using her for money.
Michael Courtney.
Michael Courtney was a member of the Over-Sixties Club of which Albert Tatlock became chairman and Michael treasurer. Minnie Caldwell fell for his charms but nothing came of it and they remained friends.
Mario Bonarti.
Mario Bonarti was an Italian immigrant who bought the lease to Snape's Café, and opened up a new Italian restaurant with his father Leo as head chef. Ena Sharples was strongly against the restaurant, but won a free meal in a raffle and didn't see the sense in depriving herself. Mario was instantly attracted to Christine Hardman, but she found him too possessive and dumped him after a while.
Valerie Barlow.
Valerie Barlow (née Tatlock) is a fictional character in the British television soap opera Coronation Street. The character was Ken Barlow's first wife and featured in the programme for nearly ten years before being killed by an electric shock when using a faulty electrical outlet in her home.
Valerie Tatlock was born on 26 November 1942 to Alfred and Edith Tatlock, and grew up in Glasgow. Her uncle, Albert Tatlock, lived in Coronation Street in Weatherfield, and by the time of her visit in 1961 she was already a successful hairdresser. Valerie took up residence at Number 1 for a few months. Valerie immediately caught the eye of student Ken Barlow, who lived right next door to Albert. They had a date, but Valerie wasn't as keen on a relationship as Ken, she felt that Ken would not be happy with her because he was university-educated and aspired to live above the working-class values which Valerie was comfortable with. When Ken's mother Ida was killed in 11 September 1961, Valerie spent more time with Ken and they soon began a relationship. As the pair grew closer, Valerie had to return home to Glasgow. Valerie returned a year later when Ken looked her up while in Scotland and proposed to her. She accepted when he made it clear that he wasn't looking for a mother figure to replace Ida, as she initially feared. They got married at St. Mary's Parish Church on 4 August 1962, and took their honeymoon in London, which was paid for with the money Ken raised from selling his motorcycle.
The Barlows bought 9 Coronation Street and moved in when they returned from their honeymoon. At the time, Ken was teaching at Bessie Street School and Valerie had converted the front room of the house to a salon, earning extra income for the couple. Married life was not always easy for Valerie. Ken's ambitions sometimes got the better of him — later in 1962 he wanted to give up teaching to focus on writing, meaning the pair would be relying on the money Valerie was bringing in. He later had a change of heart and stayed in teaching. Despite his commitment to her, Valerie often felt he had settled for second best. She was jealous of Ken's friendship with Christine Hardman, but Christine eventually got engaged to Ken's father, Frank, which shocked the family as Christine was many years younger than Frank. Valerie also felt out of her depth intellectually when the Barlows entertained Ken's middle-class friends. Valerie tried to make the relationship work, but Ken didn't make it easy, always pondering intellectual issues and oblivious to Valerie's troubles as she took care of the house.
In 1963, one of Ken's teaching friends, Dave Robbins, moved into the Barlows' house as a lodger. Ken and Dave were putting their careers in jeopardy by giving a TV interview arguing for a school crossing after a pupil was knocked down in Bessie Street. At the last moment, Dave pulled out, and Ken lost out on a promotion as he gave the interview without the school's permission. Dave blamed himself for the child being hit, and was comforted by Valerie. As Ken despaired about losing the promotion, he told Valerie they shouldn't have got married, as Valerie didn't really understand him. When Ken next returned home, he realised Valerie had left him for Dave, but when he confronted the pair, it transpired Dave wasn't interested enough in Valerie to fight for her. Heartbroken, Valerie begged Ken to take her back, and he did. To help things get back to normal, the pair went on holiday.
In July 1964, Valerie found out she was pregnant. Ken was upset, but later realised he was thrilled by the news. To prepare for the birth, Valerie closed down the salon and converted it into a nursery. On 5 April 1965, Valerie went into labour and was driven to hospital in Len Fairclough's van. She gave birth to twins — a girl and a boy. The babies were christened at the same church Ken and Valerie got married in and were named Peter and Susan. Valerie's life changed completely as all her time went towards looking after the twins. She still had to pander to Ken's ego — he didn't have to change his lifestyle after becoming a father, and continued his intellectual pursuits. The Barlows had many friends in the Street, and could easily find babysitters, allowing Valerie to attend evening classes in Sociology. In November 1965, while Valerie was at a class, Ken was looking after the twins, but when he stepped out to The Rovers Return Inn for a few minutes, a piece of coal fell from the fire, filling the house with smoke. Valerie returned home before Ken had put the fire out, but was outraged that he had left the babies alone while he went out to buy cigarettes. Valerie told Ken she would leave him if he ever smoked again.
In 1966, Ken had a fling with reporter Jackie Marsh, and was ready to leave Valerie for her, until he realized what a good thing he had in a wife who was willing to assume all the domestic responsibilities and wait on him hand and foot. Valerie briefly left him and returned to Glasgow with the kids, but returned when he phoned her and convinced her to return, intending to be a more devoted husband from then on. The following year, Ken was arrested for attending an anti-Vietnam demonstration and chose to go to prison rather than admitting he was wrong by paying a £5 fine. Ken's principles were very important to him, but Valerie was disappointed that he chose his principles over his family, leaving Valerie to take care of the kids herself for a week. Valerie had considered paying the fine behind Ken's back, but couldn't bring herself to betray him. In 1968, the Mission of Glad Tidings and Elliston's Raincoat Factory across the Street were torn down to make way for a block of maisonettes. As they were being demolished, Ken and Valerie realised the twins were missing. They were found in the factory just before the wrecking ball hit — the parents were relieved.
Valerie thought about reopening the Salon, now that the twins were more independent. Instead, she started working in the Corner Shop for Maggie Clegg. That year also saw a change of address for the Barlows; after seeing an artist's impression of the maisonettes, Valerie told Ken she wanted to move into one, as it had modern conveniences the 70-year-old Number 9 lacked. Ken didn't want to move, and when Valerie responded by making his life a little less comfortable, he accused her of having an affair with builder Ray Langton. Valerie was innocent, and made him feel guilty by reminding him of his affair with Jackie. Ken relented and the Barlows moved into Number 14. Shortly after the family moved in, convict Frank Riley held Valerie at gunpoint while Ken was away. Valerie called for help by tapping an SOS on the pipes under the sink in the kitchen, with it fortunately being overheard by Ena Sharples, who found help. Riley, a convicted rapist, had demanded money and sex from Valerie, but was caught by the police before he got the chance. After it was over, Valerie told the police and Ken that Riley hadn't touched her, but Ken refused to believe her. This almost split the couple up.
In 1969, Valerie's mother Edith stayed with the Barlows, and tried to convince them to leave Weatherfield. When Edith took the twins out to the fair, she lost them, but they were found by an elderly woman who had taken them in and not contacted the family. Later that year, Alan Howard offered Valerie a job as head hairdresser at a new salon, at £14 a week. Elsie Tanner had been appointed manageress, so she and Valerie fought for superiority. Ken had thoughts about buying the Salon from Alan, but when he chatted about it with Dave Smith, he later found out that Smith had usurped him and bought the Salon first. Smith initiated a wave of changes at the Salon, offering Valerie a pay rise but sacking other staff. Valerie walked out along with the remaining staff members, convincing Smith to reinstate everybody. In 1970, Ray Langton taught Valerie to drive while Ken was away on holiday. When he returned, he received a letter warning him about Valerie and Ray. It transpired that Emily Nugent had written it, but she realised she was wrong and apologised. Also in November 1969 a coach trip took some of the residents on the street to Windermere. Whilst on the way there, the coach crash in a tree killing the driver and injuring Valerie and Ken. They soon recovered.
In the New Year, Ken was offered a teaching position in Jamaica and Valerie agreed to emigrate. The residents of Coronation Street threw the pair a going-away party in The Rovers. Valerie was late getting ready, so while the party went on in The Rovers, Valerie tried to hurriedly get her hair dried. She tried to fix the plug to her hairdryer by tightening it with a screwdriver. Knowing it was still shoddy, she attempted to use it anyway. Valerie plugged it in and was given a severe electric shock which killed her instantly. As she fell to the floor, she knocked a portable heater into a packing crate and started a blaze. By the time rescue came, it was too late for Valerie. The whole of the street watched in horror as the house was left on fire.
Nona Willis.
Nona Willis was a new barmaid installed at the Rovers to replace Doreen Lostock, who had just quit. Cockney Nona wasn't easily accepted by the locals after she had told of her past as an exotic dancer and found life in Weatherfield hard. She eventually gave Jack her notice, citing that she found the northern accents difficult to understand.
Shelagh Riley.
Shelagh Riley was the mother of Concepta Riley who came to Weatherfield weeks before Concepta's wedding to Harry Hewitt was due to take place. Shelagh and her husband Sean were initially apprehensive due to Harry not being a Catholic, but he soon won them over in time for the wedding.
Sean Riley.
Sean Riley was the father of Concepta Riley who came to Weatherfield weeks before Concepta's wedding to Harry Hewitt was due to take place. Sean and his wife Shelagh were initially apprehensive due to Harry not being a Catholic, but he soon won them over in time for the wedding.
In 1964, Sean's retirement led to Harry and Concepta moving to Ireland to take over the running of the family garage business. 
DS Sowman.
Detective Sergeant Sowman was the policeman on duty when the call came through that Ida Barlow was missing. When he matched the description Ida's husband Frank gave him to an earlier incident, he sent an officer around to give the Barlows the news that Ida had died. He was next seen as the police officer on scene when Christine Hardman threatened to jump off the factory roof. Luckily however, Christine was talked down by old friend Ken Barlow.
DS Sowman last appearance came as he attempted to track down Elsie Tanner, who had fled the scene of a car accident of which she was involved in with Robert Maxwell.
Bill Gregory.
Bill Gregory is a recurring character played by actor Jack Watson between 1961 and 1984. Navy officer Bill first appears when he meets up with old friend Len Fairclough (Peter Adamson), who he served with in the war. Len introduces Bill to his friends and neighbours on Coronation Street, including his best friend Elsie Tanner (Patricia Phoenix). Bill and Elsie are quickly caught up in a love affair, with Bill neglecting to tell her that he is married — but the affair ends abruptly when Elsie receives a poison pen letter warning her against it. She decides to end it with Bill to save complicating her pending divorce from Arnold Tanner (Frank Crawshaw). In reality, actor Jack Watson had to leave his role without any on-screen resolve, due to the Equity actor's strike of 1961.
With Elsie's divorce finalised, Bill returns in July 1962 to pick up where they left off and learns Len is close to beating him to it, having spent a lot of time with Elsie. Bill warns Len off but Len insists they are just friends. Ena Sharples (Violet Carson) later discovers Bill writing to his wife Phyllis, and tells Len he must inform Elsie. Believing his excuses that they are separating, Len decides to keep quiet, so Ena tells Elsie herself. After confronting him, Bill tells Elsie that he is separated, but when Phyllis turns up Bill is forced to make his choice. Elsie tells him she can't make up his mind for him, and so he leaves with Phyllis to give their marriage another chance.
Bill returns once again after an eight-year absence with the news that Phyllis has since died. With Elsie now being courted by Alan Howard (Alan Browning), Bill faced competition for her heart and proposed almost immediately. Elsie waits to make up her mind, while Alan fights to keep her in his life. He succeeds when she turns Bill down and he returns to service. Elsie later marries Alan.
Thirteen years on, and Bill returns from his Portugal home to pay his respects to Rita Fairclough (Barbara Knox) on hearing of the death of Len. Whilst in Weatherfield, Bill is stunned to learn that Elsie is back living on the Street as he thought she was still happily married with Alan in Newcastle. He wastes no time in going round to see Elsie, and takes her out for a meal to catch up. He tells her of his new life in Portugal, but informs her that he must return there the next day, and Elsie is shocked when Bill asks her to come with him. After hours of soul-searching, Elsie decides she's wasted enough of her life and packs her things. After a final walk down Coronation Street, Elsie climbs in the taxi and she and Bill head off for their new life in the sun.
In 2011, as Dennis Tanner (Philip Lowrie) returns to the Street, he tells Rita that Elsie and Bill were married after settling in Portugal and that after twenty happy years together they died holding hands in a car accident in 2004.
Stanley Fairclough.
Stanley Fairclough was the son of Len Fairclough and first wife Nellie. When his mother left Len for Harry Bailey, Stanley went with them and became distanced from his father. Opting to be brought up by Harry even after Nellie's death, Stanley resented Len's heavy-handed treatment of his mother for many years until 1977 when he burnt down Len's builders yard in revenge. Len was so hurt and incensed that he didn't attend Stanley's wedding later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="21398568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398568" title="Danko Bošković">
Danko Bošković

Danko Bošković (Serbian: Данко Бошковић; born 27 January 1982 in Neustadt an der Weinstraße) is a German footballer playing for VfL Wolfsburg II.
Career.
Bošković made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for 1. FC Kaiserslautern on 3 April 2004 when he came on as a substitute in the 75th minute in a game against FC Bayern Munich.
Personal.
He also holds Serbian citizenship and is the cousin of Dragan Bogavac.

</doc>
<doc id="21398572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398572" title="HVDC Mechanicville–Schenectady">
HVDC Mechanicville–Schenectady

HVDC Mechanicville–Schenectady was the first experimental HVDC transmission line in the United States. Built in 1932, the circuit traversed from Mechanicville, New York to Schenectady, New York.
The system used mercury arc rectifiers at a voltage of 20,000 volts and a rated power of 5 MW. The facility was dismantled after World War II.
Mechanicville - Schenectady HVDC line.
General Electric built an experimental 15 kV DC transmission system with a maximum transmission rate of 150 kW at their plant in Schenectady. In 1932, a 27.4 kilometres long experimental HVDC line designed for a bipolar voltage of 15 kV and a maximum transmission power of 5 MW from Mechanicville Hydroelectric Plant was built. This system first used mercury arc valves, and then later ignitrons, as the first power electronic devices used for HVDC transmission. The line was in service until 1945 and operated in constant current mode. In 1945 the scheme was dismantled. 
This experimental system also demonstrated frequency conversion. The Mechanicville plant generated power at 40 Hz, and the HVDC line transmitted power to the Schenectady 60 Hz system. 

</doc>
<doc id="21398573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398573" title="Tom Brantley">
Tom Brantley

Tom Brantley (born 1970) is an American jazz trombonist.
Biography.
Brantley was born in 1970 in Louisiana. He is a third generation trombonist.
Brantley earned music degrees from the University of Southern Mississippi (BM) and the University of North Texas (MM). He majored in trombone performance at both schools. His teachers have included Gerald Waguespack, Bob Schmaltz, Marta Hofacre, Raoul Jerome, Vern & Jan Kagarice, Royce Lumpkin, and Neil Slater.
He joined the chamber ensemble Rhythm & Brass in 1995 and continues to tour and record with the group. He appears on many Rhythm & Brass recordings, including Ellington Explorations (1998), which was named the New York Times Album of the Week upon release, Sitting in An English Garden (2001), and Inside the Blue Suitcase (2005). He also records with the chamber group Confluences, and their self-titled debut CD appeared in 2004.
Brantley's first solo CD project, entitled Boneyard, was released on the Summit Records label. Reviews of the CD Boneyard include the Jazz Society of Oregon as well as JazzReview.com magazine. Other reviews include Bill Milkowski's in JazzTimes magazine and Ken Dryden's from the All Music Guide 
"The Brass Herald", the UK journal devoted to brass music, published a review of Boneyard (May 2009) as well as a feature article about Brantley (October 2009).
Brantley serves as Professor of Music at the University of South Florida in Tampa. He is an occasional reviewer for many publications on topics of interest to trombonists and other brass musicians. Brantley performs on Yamaha Trombones and has offered podcasts through the Yamaha Artists series. Brantley appeared as a featured artist on the 2009 Clearwater Jazz Holiday program. He has also served as a member of the faculty for the 2007 International Trombone Festival as well as the 2011 International Trombone Festival.
Reviews of "Boneyard".
From the ""'International Trombone Association Journal's review (October 2009, by Stan Pethel)
 A boneyard is usually a place you find old junk airplanes, cars, and other rusting vehicles, but in listening to this CD the words of the prophet Ezekiel come to mind, “Shall these bones rise again?” The answer is yes. Tom Brantley shows his originality, creativity, and heritage on this CD. The promise of more to come is a hopeful thought.
From The Brass Herald (May 2009, by Philip Biggs)
 Tom Brantley . . . is a musician who transcends technique and the practical considerations that most mortals have to deal with. One can just sit back, relax, and soak up the music-making. In fact, the same can be said of Tom Brantley as is said about great sportsmen. Two or three come to mind - Sachin Tendulkar when batting for the Indian Cricket team, Cesc Fàbregas when playing for Arsenal FC and, dare I say, Mike Lowell with the Boston Red Sox.
From Allmusic.com (April 2009, by Ken Dryden)
 With his debut recording as a leader, trombonist and jazz educator Tom Brantley offers a versatile release, including both established and new compositions and live and studio performances, as well as a variety of different bands. Highly recommended.
From Jazzreview.com (April 2009)
Trombones ring loud and clear during this hybrid, live-studio date. Leading a large ensemble, top-flight bone-man Tom Brantley launches a vibrant modern mainstream gala, featuring originals and interesting spins on time-honored standards. Brantley’s corpulent tone and fluid attack combines hefty doses of improvisation with acute reinventions of a given melody line. Brantley executes sublime and mood-eliciting balladry.
 No doubt about it, Brantley has formulated a divergent set, complete with works that span various cadences and storylines. The strength of material and memorable arrangements translate into an endeavor that pronounces intelligence, wit, and plain old savvy, to complement the performers’ zealous soloing jaunts.
From Jazz Society of Oregon (April 2009)
 In a myriad of instrumental settings ranging from a trombone-guitar duet to a five trombones and rhythm group, Tom Brantley solidly states the case for all of you bone freaks . . . as a leader, Brantley has done his homework and takes on all comers with style, wit, and, most importantly, musical acumen.
From JazzTimes""' (December 2009, by Bill Milkowski)
 Trombonist Brantley shifts nimbly from an organ-fueled shuffle-blues version of Duke’s “In A Mellow Tone” to Saint-Saens’ classical “Adagio” delivered as a jazz ballad to a wacky rendition of Bird’s “Confirmation” done as a second line groover. A Carl Fontana influence is apparent on his stunning duet with guitarist LaRue Nickelson on “Stardust.” He also engages Keith Oshiro in a spirited two-trombone romp through Randy Weston’s “Hi Fly.” Jerald Shynett offers some fine contrapuntal writing for five trombones on his lyrical “Exemption.”

</doc>
<doc id="21398579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398579" title="Ernestine Carter">
Ernestine Carter

Ernestine Carter OBE (10 October 1906 - 1 August 1983) was a museum curator, journalist, and writer on fashion.
Early history.
Ernestine Marie Fantl was born on 10 October 1906 in Savannah, Georgia, where she was brought up. She studied modern and contemporary art and design at Wellesley College, Massachusetts, from which she graduated in 1927. She started out as a curatorial assistant at the newly formed Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York, where,between 1933 and 1937 she was Curator of Architecture and Industrial Art. In 1936 she married a British antiquarian book dealer, John Waynflete Carter (1905-1975), and the Carters eventually moved permanently to London.
Wartime (1939-1945).
During the Second World War Carter was employed by the British Ministry of Information. She worked on exhibitions and edited a book of photographs by Lee Miller titled "Grim Glory: Pictures of Britain Under Fire" (published London, 1941). The book, which included a foreword by Edward R. Murrow, went into five printings. Later in the war, Carter went to work for the American office of war information in London.
Post-War (1946-1955).
Carter worked on the important design exhibition "Britain Can Make It", organised by the Council of Industrial Design and held at the Victoria and Albert Museum in 1946. That same year she became fashion editor for Harper's Bazaar. Her first trip to Paris for the magazine was to report on Christian Dior's landmark "New Look" collection, launched 12 February 1947.
From 1952 to 1954 Carter wrote her first newspaper column, a cookery section for The Observer, during which time she published a cookbook called "Flash In The Pan" (1953).
Later career (1955-1972).
In 1955, Carter began editing the women's page of "The Sunday Times". She became well known for the high standard of her journalism and writing, and eventually became associate editor of the paper in 1968. She encouraged the emergence of London as a major centre of fashion in the 1960s. Her intelligent prose and high standards led to her being recognised as an authoritative figure in the world of fashion. At a time when widespread intellectual snobbery led to the dismissal of fashion as a subject not worthy of serious consideration, Carter argued that fashion was "surely no more frivolous than architecture, to which it is closely related".
She was appointed an OBE in 1964.
In 1966, she was the first individual fashion journalist to be invited to select an outfit for the Dress Of The Year, for which she chose a futuristic PVC and linen ensemble by Michèle Rosier, Young Jaeger and Simone Mirman.
Retirement and death.
After her retirement in 1972, Ernestine Carter wrote several books on fashion history (see Bibliography section). She died on 1 August 1983 at her home in Chelsea, London.
Legacy.
The Fashion Museum, Bath holds an important archive of 2000 fashion photographs from The Sunday Times during Ernestine Carter's tenure there. This is known both as the Ernestine Carter Collection and as The Sunday Times Fashion Archive. The Fashion Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum both own garments from Carter's wardrobe.

</doc>
<doc id="21398592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398592" title="Japanese Sword Museum">
Japanese Sword Museum

The Japanese Sword Museum or situated in Tokyo, is a small museum dedicated to the art of Japanese swordmaking. The museum is run by the Society for the Preservation of Japanese Art Swords.
The museum has a collection of more than 150 items, including swords (mainly katana), tosogu (mountings), yoroi (armor) as well as documents of metal working.

</doc>
<doc id="21398606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398606" title="Sauquiot Spinning Company">
Sauquiot Spinning Company

The Sauquiot Spinning Company was a Gadsden, Alabama textile business which was acquired by the Standard Coosa-Thatcher Company
in March 1930. The firm operated with 20,000 spindles and was purchased for approximately $1,000,000. As a subsidiary of the Standard Coosa-Thatcher Company, the plant weathered the Great Depression. 
The mill continued to thrive as one of Gadsden's leading employers until the 1950s, when it closed along with the Dwight Manufacturing Company.

</doc>
<doc id="21398623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398623" title="Lyudmila Petrova">
Lyudmila Petrova

Lyudmila Nikolayevna Petrova (; born 7 October 1968) is a Russian long-distance runner, who represented her native country at two Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2004. She won the 2000 edition of the New York City Marathon.
Biography.
She was born in Karakly and represents the club Novocheboksary Profsoyuzy. On the track the finished tenth in the 3000 metres at the 1996 European Indoor Championships, fourteenth in the 10,000 metres at the 1996 Olympic Games and sixth at the 2001 World Championships. She became Russian 10,000 metres champion in 1996, and indoor 3000 metres champion in the same year.
Her personal best times were 8.59.15 minutes in the 3000 metres (indoor), achieved at the 1996 European Indoor Championships in Stockholm; 15.20.44 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved in July 1996 in St. Petersburg; and 31:36.76 minutes in the 10,000 metres, achieved in May 2003 in Palo Alto.
She has specialized in road running. In the international championships she finished ninth at the 1998 European Championships, and eighth at the 2004 Olympic Games. She also finished seventh at the 1999 World Half Marathon Championships, eighteenth at the 1999 World Half Marathon Championships and thirteenth at the 2002 World Half Marathon Championships.
In the great city marathons she has had success at the New York and London Marathons. She won the 2000 New York City Marathon with the time of 2:25:45 hours. In 2001 she finished sixth in 2:26:18 hours. She finished third at the 2002 London Marathon in 2:22:33 hours, fourth at the 2003 New York City Marathon in 2:25:00 hours and second at the 2006 London Marathon in 2:21:29 hours. In 2008 she finished second at the New York City Marathon in 2:25:43 hours and fifth in the London Marathon in 2:26:45 hours. She then finished second again, at the 2009 New York City Marathon in the time of 2:29:00 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="21398648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398648" title="Amerigo (album)">
Amerigo (album)

Amerigo is an album of the Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was released in 1978 by EMI Italiana. The title track is about the story of Enrico Guccini,a granduncle of Guccini who had emigrated to the United States before World War II, hence the album title (America was named after the Italian explorer Amerigo Vespucci).
The album contains one of Guccini's most famous songs, the long ballad "Eskimo".

</doc>
<doc id="21398702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398702" title="Prorva (disambiguation)">
Prorva (disambiguation)

Prorva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21398704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398704" title="Lewis Richard Farnell">
Lewis Richard Farnell

Lewis Richard Farnell FBA (1856–1934) was a classical scholar and Oxford academic, where he served as Vice-Chancellor from 1920 to 1923.
Early life and career.
Lewis Farnell was born in Salisbury, southern England, in 1856. He was educated at the City of London School and Exeter College, Oxford, where he graduated with a first class degree in "Literae Humaniores" in 1878. He was elected as a Fellow of Exeter College in 1880 and a lecturer in classics in 1883. He was later Rector (head) of the College.
Between 1880 and 1893, Farnell made a series of tours of Europe, studying classical archaeology in Berlin and Munich, as well as travelling in Asia Minor and Greece.
From 1901 he was a corresponding member of the German Archaeological Institute, and in June that year he received the degree of D.Litt. from the University of Oxford. In 1916, Farnell was elected a Fellow of the British Academy. He also received honorary degrees from the universities of Dublin (Ireland), St Andrews (Scotland) and Geneva (Switzerland).
Work.
From 1896, Farnell published many books, including:
He delivered the following Gifford Lectures:
Family.
In 1893, Farnell married Sylvia (born 1872), youngest daughter of Captain Christopher Baldock Cardew of East Liss, Hampshire, and granddaughter of the Lord Chancellor Richard Bethell, 1st Baron Westbury. They had three sons and one daughter. His great grandson is Timothy Farnell, the Great Britain Triathlete.
Farnell commemorated his brother in the inscription of the 1896 edition of the first volume of the first edition of "The Cults of the Greek States". The inscription read, ""In memoriam fratris dilectissimi et nuper amissi", which means, "In memory of a most beloved and recently lost brother". 

</doc>
<doc id="21398721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398721" title="Go West, young man">
Go West, young man

"Go West, young man" is a quote by American author Horace Greeley concerning America's expansion westward, related to the then-popular concept of Manifest Destiny.
Greeley favored westward expansion. He saw the fertile farmland of the west as an ideal place for people willing to work hard for the opportunity to succeed. The phrase came to symbolize the idea that agriculture could solve many of the nation's problems of poverty and unemployment characteristic of the big cities of the East. It is one of the most commonly quoted sayings from the nineteenth century and may have had some influence on the course of American history.
Some sources have claimed the phrase is derived from the following advice in Greeley's July 13, 1865 editorial in the "New York Tribune", but this text does not appear in that issue of the newspaper. The actual editorial instead encourages Civil War veterans to take advantage of the Homestead Act and colonize the public lands.
Controversy.
"The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations" gives the full quotation as, "Go West, young man, and grow up with the country", from "Hints toward Reforms" (1850) by Horace Greeley. The phrase does not actually occur in that book, however.
Josiah Bushnell Grinnell claimed in his autobiography that Horace Greeley first addressed the advice to him in 1833, before sending him off to Illinois to report on the Illinois Agricultural State Fair. Grinnell reports the full conversation as:
Many people believe Horace Greeley did not coin this phrase at all, but merely popularized it. He may have borrowed it from John B. L. Soule who may have published it in an editorial of his own in an 1851 edition of the "Terre Haute Express". However, the phrase does not occur in the 1851 edition of the "Terre Haute Express", and the Soule theory may date no earlier than 1890.
Author Ralph Keyes also suggests Soule as the source, offering an account in which the line originated from a bet between Soule and Indiana Congressman Richard W. Thompson over whether or not Soule could trick readers by forging a Greeley article.
Grinnell College historian Joseph Frazier Wall claims that Greeley himself denied providing that advice, and " the rest of this life vigorously protesting that he had never given this advice to Grinnell or anyone else...". In a footnote Wall states

</doc>
<doc id="21398749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398749" title="2008–09 NK Dinamo Zagreb season">
2008–09 NK Dinamo Zagreb season

This article shows statistics of individual players for the football club Dinamo Zagreb It also lists all matches that Dinamo Zagreb will play in the 2008-09 season.
First-team squad.
Team roster.
"As of 5 March 2009"
Transfers.
Summer.
Midfielder Luka Modrić agreed to a five-year contract with Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur in a transfer worth €21m in late April, meaning his last game for the Croatian Cup second leg final on 14 May. On 22 May defender Hrvoje Čale signed a four-year contract with the Turkish side Trabzonspor for €2.2m, and four days later defensive midfielder Ognjen Vukojević joined Ukrainian giants Dynamo Kiev in a €6m transfer. During the summer transfer window, a group of players were released, including 33-year old forward Davor Vugrinec who joins city rivals NK Zagreb, Georg Koch who signs a deal with Rapid Vienna and Tomislav Mikulić who signs a two-year contract with Standard Liège. Marijan Buljat and Dario Jertec were also released after failing to break into the first team squad under Branko Ivanković, and join biggest local rivals, Hajduk Split.
As for the arrivals, goalkeeper Tomislav Butina signed a two-year deal after being released by Olympiacos. Butina signed a two-year deal after being released by the Greek powerhouse, in a transfer which marked his return to the club after spending five years playing abroad, and 15 years after his first top-flight debut for the Blues in 1993. Heart of Hajduk Award winner Mirko Hrgović also joined the club from Japanese side JEF United, in a transfer which stirred some resentment by supporters of both Hajduk and Dinamo. Three South American players also joined the club in the summer transfer window: Luis Ibáñez and Guillermo Suárez came from Argentina's Boca Juniors and Tigre for €650,000 and €1m respectively, while Chilean international Pedro Morales joined from Universidad de Chile in a €1.6m transfer.
Did'dy Guela also left the club in late August amid heavy criticism by Ivanković and a publicized conflict with Ante Tomić in training. Two months after his contract was terminated he joined Greek side Larissa.
In
Out
Winter.
On 15 December 2008, Dinamo executive Zdravko Mamić and sports director Zoran Mamić agreed on a 5 and a half year deal with Adrián Calello signed from Argentina's Independiente. The following two signings were confirmed a few days later, in the form of forwards Miroslav Slepička, who signed from Sparta Prague a 3 and a half year deal worth €1.5m, and the 21-year old Ilija Sivonjić from the local side Inter Zaprešić. In late December it was announced that Mihael Mikić left the club to join the Japanese side Sanfrecce Hiroshima for €800,000. The last player to arrive in the winter transfer window was the 34-year old Croatian international Robert Kovač who signed from Borussia Dortmund for €500,000.
Six youth players also signed their first senior contracts, out of which only Ivan Tomečak joined the first team squad, while the rest were loaned to NK Lokomotiva, Dinamo's feeder club.
Additionally, Dario Zahora, the 26-year old Croatian forward who spent the last couple of seasons on loan spells at Slovenian sides Domžale and Interblock Ljubljana, joined Norwegian powerhouse Rosenborg for €280,000 in March 2009.
Defender Dino Drpić, a product of Dinamo's youth academy and a permanent member of the first team squad since 2000, was abruptly suspended in January 2009, for "poor disciplinary record". He was removed from the first team and soon loaned out to German side Karlsruher SC. It was announced on 21 May 2009 that Karlsruhe bought Drpić's contract for €900,000, with the German side trailing at the bottom of the league table with just one match left to play.
Competitions.
Prva HNL.
Results by opponent.
Source: Prva HNL 2008–09 article
UEFA Cup.
Classification.
Group D
Last updated: 18 December 2008<br>Source: Competition Article
Matches.
Competitive.
Last updated 31 May 2009<br>Sources: Sportske novosti, Sportnet.hr
Player seasonal records.
"Competitive matches only. Updated to games played 31 May 2009."
Key
Goalscorers.
Source: Competitive matches

</doc>
<doc id="21398753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398753" title="Via Paolo Fabbri 43">
Via Paolo Fabbri 43

Via Paolo Fabbri 43 is an album of Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was released in 1978 by EMI Italiana, and was Guccini's most-selling title. The "via" of the title is the road in Bologna, giving the complete address where Guccini lived at the time.
It contains one of Guccini's most famous works, "L'avvelenata" ("The poisonous"), a long ballad criticizing some of his critics (including Riccardo Bertoncelli, with whom lated Guccini made friends), as well as several aspects of the Italian cultural world of the 1970s; some of these elements are also present in the title track, but with a more ironic tone. "Piccola storia ignobile" is a song about an abortion case.

</doc>
<doc id="21398760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398760" title="Priscilla Taylor (politician)">
Priscilla Taylor (politician)

Priscilla Taylor is a West Palm Beach, Florida businesswoman and Democratic politician who serves as Palm Beach county commissioner for District 7. 
Representative Taylor was born on December 31, 1949. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree at Barry University in 1997 and her M.B.A. at Palm Beach Atlantic University in 1999. She owns an insurance agency and was a Port of Palm Beach commissioner from 1999 to 2004. She was first elected as the representative for District 84 of the Florida House of Representatives in 2004 and was reelected again in 2006 and 2008. She served as Democratic Whip from 2004 to 2006. After Addie Greene of the Palm Beach County commissioners board resigned due to health reasons she endoresed Taylor as her replacement. Like Commissioner Greene, Rep. Taylor is an African-American woman Democrat. Taylor gave up a re-election bid to the Florida House of Representatives to accept the appointment from Governor Charlie Crist to temporarily fill Greene's former commission seat. There will be a special election to fill the remainder of Taylor's House term, which runs through 2010. Since Gov. Crist picked Commissioner Taylor, it seems that Commissioner Greene got to anoint her successor. It also could allow Commissioner Taylor to extend term limits. With more than three years left on Commissioner Greene's term, Commissioner Taylor will face election in 2010 to complete the term but then could run for two full four-year terms, serving as many as 11 years rather than the eight-year limit.

</doc>
<doc id="21398820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398820" title="Paul Galloway">
Paul Galloway

Paul Galloway (1934 – February 2, 2009) was an American newspaper reporter, columnist and storyteller who wrote for both the "Chicago Sun-Times" and the "Chicago Tribune".
Galloway was born in Memphis, Tennessee in 1934. His father served as a pastor and (later as a bishop) in the United Methodist Church while his mother ran a literacy program. Galloway attended the University of Oklahoma and worked at the school's alumni magazine for ten years after serving in the United States Army.
Rejecting job offers from "Playboy" and "Sports Illustrated", he took a position as a reporter at the "Chicago Sun-Times" starting in the summer of 1969. He wrote articles on a wide range of serious news and light topics and was selected to author the newspaper's deadline story marking the December 1976 death of longtime-Mayor Richard J. Daley.
While at the "Sun-Times", Galloway co-authored "Bagtime" with columnist Bob Greene, a serial told from the perspective of fictitious supermarket bagger Mike Holiday which ran in 1977 and 1978. The columns became the source for a book published under the same name that was also turned into a stage musical directed by Robert Falls at the Wisdom Bridge Theatre and a television pilot shot for the Fox Broadcasting Company by Bruce Helford.
He switched over to the "Chicago Tribune" in 1984, where he served as the religion columnist and wrote stories ranging from personality profiles to weightier matters. He retired from the newspaper in 1999.
He split his time with his wife post-retirement living in a Chicago apartment and homes in New Buffalo, Michigan and Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Galloway died at age 74 on February 2, 2009 in Tulsa of a heart attack. His only immediate survivor was his wife, Maggie Prochotska, whom he married in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21398823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398823" title="O'Connor Ministry">
O'Connor Ministry

The O'Connor Ministry was the 28th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, and was led by Liberal Premier Ray O'Connor and his deputy Cyril Rushton. It succeeded the Court Ministry on 25 January 1982, upon the retirement of Sir Charles Court from politics. The ministry was in turn followed by the Burke Ministry on 25 February 1983 after the Liberal Party lost government at the state election held on 19 February.
Overview.
Ray O'Connor, who had been in parliament since 1959 and a Minister since 1974, had replaced Des O'Neil as Deputy Premier upon the latter's retirement from politics at the 1980 election. On 18 December 1981, Sir Charles Court, then 70 years of age, announced his decision that he would step down as Premier on 25 January 1982. O'Connor was elected unopposed by the party room to replace him.
The final term of the preceding Court Ministry had been somewhat troubled due in part to the inconsistent support of Liberal MLA Dr Tom Dadour and the 1978 split of the National Country Party, with a breakaway National Party maintaining an independent line and holding three seats. A range of issues in several portfolios, most notably Aboriginal affairs and education, had received public prominence.
Of the former Court ministry, 10 of the 13 ministers retained office—Sir Charles Court, Bill Grayden and David Wordsworth resigned, and backbenchers Bob Pike, Jim Clarko and Richard Shalders were promoted. The latter two were initially Honorary Ministers, but were fully promoted on 14 May 1982.
The Ministry.
On 25 January 1982, the Governor, Sir Richard Trowbridge, constituted the Ministry. He designated 13 principal executive offices of the Government and appointed the following ministers to their positions, who served until the end of the Ministry on 25 February 1983.* Hansard Index for 1982, "Legislature of Western Australia"</ref> Two honorary ministers, Jim Clarko and Richard Shalders, were appointed to assist ministers in various portfolios, and on 14 May 1982, they fully assumed the portfolios. This was done pursuant to the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1980 (No.5 of 1980), assented on 9 September 1980, which had grown the Ministry from 13 to 15.
The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, whilst green entries indicate members of the National Country Party. The members of the Ministry were:

</doc>
<doc id="21398840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398840" title="Society of Conservative Lawyers">
Society of Conservative Lawyers

The Society of Conservative Lawyers was founded in 1947 and is an affiliate of the Conservative Party of the United Kingdom. A leading Conservative think tank, the society also provides expert legal advice to the Conservative Front Bench and hosts debates on topical issues. Since its foundation generations of Conservative candidates have been selected from the Society’s ranks.
Founding and history.
Founded in 1947, the society quickly became a leading Think Tank on law and legal issues for the Party and continues to help to shape manifestos and policy.
Its aims and objectives are to:
The society has a vibrant membership of lawyers with an interest in Conservative policy and runs a regular diary of meetings and dinners with a strong political theme
Notable members.
The following either are current members or have been in the past
Think tank.
In addition to the programme of events, the Society has an active research wing. This is involved in helping the frontbench teams with legislation that is going through Parliament and policy formation. Traditionally the Chairman of Research has led the Society's thinking and in recent years other members have also published pamphlets and papers through the Society. The current Chairman of Research is Lord Faulks, QC.
Recent publications.
NB: These and other publications are available on the Society of Conservative Lawyers website which can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="21398854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398854" title="Jens Wahl">
Jens Wahl

Jens Wahl (born July 24, 1966) is a German former footballer. Wahl began his career with FC Hansa Rostock in the DDR-Oberliga, and won one cap for East Germany. After reunification, Hansa won the final, transitional East German championship, and the cup, with Wahl scoring the winner in the final. He later played for Chemnitzer FC, FC St. Gallen and Dynamo Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="21398855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398855" title="Stanze di vita quotidiana">
Stanze di vita quotidiana

Stanze di vita quotidiana is an album of Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was released in 1974 by EMI Italiana. The title means "Stanzas (rooms) of today's life": each song is entitled "Canzone of...", and deals, often with pessimistic of melancholic tone, with aspects of life, such as solitude, old people who had got lost, sadness, fear of death etc. 
The "Canzone delle osterie di fuori porta" is one of Guccini's most appreciated songs, always executed during in his concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="21398863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398863" title="Prorva River">
Prorva River

Prorva is a river in Braslaw District, Vitebsk Province, Belarus, a left tributary of the Drysviata River in the basin of the Western Dvina. It flows for 12 km from the Lake Drysviaty by Drysviaty Village, close to the former outlet of Drysviata River.
In 1953 a local hydroelectric plant "Friendship of Peoples" was constructed by the river. To feed it better, the outlet of Drysviata River from Lake Drysviaty was dammed for the whole northern discharge of the lake to go into Prorva.

</doc>
<doc id="21398919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398919" title="Capital One Grand Slam of Curling">
Capital One Grand Slam of Curling

The Capital One Grand Slam of Curling is a series of curling bonspiels that are a part of the annual World Curling Tour. Grand Slam events offer a purse of CAD$100,000, and feature the best teams from across Canada and around the World. The Grand Slam was instituted during the 2001-02 season for men and 2006-07 for women, but many of the Grand Slam events have longer histories as bonspiels. In the past, finals were televised on Sportsnet and on the CBC. Capital One became the title sponsor of the series in 2008.
Grand Slam games are played in eight ends, instead of the standard 10 ends seen in other major international tournaments. This came into effect for the 2006-07 season.
The Grand Slam of Curling was previously operated by the sports media company Insight Sports. In August 2012, Rogers Communications purchased the rights to operate the event, and as a result, also became the rights holder through its network Sportsnet, though certain events may still air championship rounds on CBC.
Men's events.
The Masters Grand Slam of Curling.
The Masters of Curling has been held 12 times, the most recent being in Brantford, Ontario. The event was known as the World Cup of Curling between 2009 and 2011. 
Canadian Open of Curling.
The Canadian Open of Curling has been held 13 times, the most recent being in Medicine Hat, Alberta.
The National.
The National has been held 13 times, the most recent being in Fort McMurray, Alberta.
1 There was no National in the 2004-2005 season, but the BDO Curling Classic was held. It returned to its original name in the 2005-2006 season. The words "BDO Classic" were added to the name of the Canadian Open.
The Players' Championship.
The Players' Championship, the oldest tournament on the men's Grand Slam of Curling, has been held 21 times, the most recent being in Toronto.
Statistics: Grand Slams won.
"As of the 2014 Players' Championship"
Note: Totals include the Players' Championship winners prior to its inclusion as a Grand Slam event.
Women's events.
Curlers' Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic.
The Autumn Gold Curling Classic is held annually in Calgary, Alberta, and has been held twenty-seven times.
Manitoba Lotteries Women's Curling Classic.
The Manitoba Women's Curling Classic is held annually in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and has been held eight times.
Colonial Square Ladies Classic.
The Colonial Square Ladies Classic is held annually in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, and has been held since 1981. It officially became a Grand Slam event in 2012.
The Masters Grand Slam of Curling.
The Masters of Curling has been held twice, the most recent being in Abbotsford, British Columbia. It is the successor event of the Sun Life Classic. 
The Players' Championship.
The Players' Championship has been held eight times, the most recent being in Toronto. The championship was expanded to include a women's tournament in 2006.
Former Grand Slams.
Sobeys Slam.
The Sobeys Slam was held as a Grand Slam event on three occasions in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia.
Wayden Transportation Ladies Classic.
The Wayden Transportation Ladies Classic was held annually in Abbotsford, British Columbia, and was held nine times before it was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="21398933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398933" title="Naka-Kon">
Naka-Kon

Naka-Kon is an annual three day anime convention held during March at the Overland Park Convention Center in Overland Park, Kansas. The convention is within the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Programming.
The convention typically features contests, game shows, panels, showings, vendor booths, video game rooms, and workshops.
History.
Naka-Kon was founded in 2005 by members of the University of Kansas Anime Club. The convention moved to the Overland Park Convention Center in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21398944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398944" title="Haha (tribe)">
Haha (tribe)

The Haha or Iḥaḥan (in their own language) (Arabic حاحا "Ḥāḥā") are a Berber people in the Western High Atlas in Morocco. They identify themselves as a tribal confederacy of the Chleuh people, and speak the Shilha language. Their region stretches along from the city of Essaouira south to the Souss Valley, mainly on the Atlantic coast.

</doc>
<doc id="21398951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398951" title="Yasuko Hashimoto">
Yasuko Hashimoto

Yasuko Hashimoto (born August 12, 1975) is a Japanese long-distance runner, whose main event is the marathon. She won the 2007 edition of the Nagoya Marathon, clocking 2:28:49. Her personal best (2:25:21) was set in 2005. Other wins in her career include the Berlin Marathon in 2003 and consecutive wins at the Kagawa Marugame Half Marathon in 2003 and 2004.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21398953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398953" title="WirelessHART">
WirelessHART

WirelessHART is a wireless sensor networking technology based on the Highway Addressable Remote Transducer Protocol (HART). Developed as a multi-vendor, interoperable wireless standard, WirelessHART was defined for the requirements of process field device networks.
Technical description.
The protocol utilizes a time synchronized, self-organizing, and self-healing mesh architecture. The protocol supports operation in the 2.4 GHz ISM band using IEEE 802.15.4 standard radios. The underlying wireless technology is based on the work of Dust Networks' TSMP technology.
History.
The standard was initiated in early 2004 and developed by 37 HART Communications Foundation (HCF) companies that - amongst others - included ABB, Emerson, Endress+Hauser, Pepperl+Fuchs, Siemens which form WiTECK an open, non-profit membership organization whose mission is to provide a reliable, cost-effective, high-quality portfolio of core enabling system software for industrial wireless sensing applications, under a company- and platform-neutral umbrella.
WirelessHART was approved by a vote of the 210 member general HCF membership, ratified by the HCF Board of Directors, and introduced to the market in September 2007. On September 27, 2007, the Fieldbus Foundation, Profibus Nutzerorganisation, and HCF announced a wireless cooperation team to develop a specification for a common interface to a wireless gateway, further protecting users' investments in technology and work practices for leveraging these industry-pervasive networks. Following its completed work on the WirelessHART standard in September 2007, the HCF offered ISA an unrestricted, royalty-free copyright license, allowing the ISA100 committee access to the WirelessHART standard.
Backward compatibility with the HART “user layer” allows transparent adaptation of HART compatible control systems and configuration tools to integrate new wireless networks and their devices, as well as continued use of proven configuration and system-integration work practices. It on the estimated 25 million HART field devices installed, and approximately 3 million new wired HART devices shipping each year. In September 2008, Emerson became the first process automation supplier to begin production shipments for its WirelessHART enabled products.
During the summer of 2009 NAMUR, an international user association in the chemical and pharmaceutical processing industries, conducted a field test of WirelessHART to verify alignment with the NAMUR requirements for wireless automation in process applications.
In April 2010, WirelessHart was approved by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) unanimously, making it first wireless international standard as IEC 62591.

</doc>
<doc id="21398965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398965" title="Thorsten Wittek">
Thorsten Wittek

Thorsten Wittek (born December 31, 1976 in Berlin) is a German football player, he plays for CS Grevenmacher.
Career.
He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for Bayer 04 Leverkusen on October 20, 2001 when he came on as a substitute in the 87th minute in a game against VfB Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="21398967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398967" title="Big River Telephone">
Big River Telephone

Big River Telephone Company, LLC is a full-service telecommunications company located in the Midwestern United States. Big River provides Local, Long Distance, Internet, DSL, VoIP and advanced Networking and Data Solutions in 17 States. Big River Telephone is classified as a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC) and is also a wholesale digital provider for delivering Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services to the cable industry.
History.
Big River Telephone began in 1984 as LDD, Inc. LDD was primarily a long distance telephone service provider until The Telecommunications Act of 1996 opened the communication market. After this, LDD started competing for local telephone service. 
In 2001, independent investors acquired the assets of LDD, Inc. The former LDD image was phased out and the company took a new look and approach to the telecommunication industry as Big River Telephone Company, LLC. Over the next several years, Big River Telephone acquired several small local Internet Service Providers, including one of the leading ISPs in the area, Clas.net. Big River also acquired Cascade.net in 2005 and Atprs.net in 2008.
Big River Telephone’s service platform took a technological leap after their Voice over Internet Protocol local switching network was established in 2004. This new approach allowed Big River Telephone to deliver regular telephone service with enhanced features as well as high speed Internet and other advanced data services to small businesses and residential customers. The completion of the VoIP local switching network assisted in the implementation of a new product called Integrated Communications Exchange (ICE). The ICE technology combines high-speed data with voice signals over the same connection minimizing the number of wired connections.
Most recently, Big River Telephone is providing Telco quality VoIP services to forward thinking cable providers across the United States by implementing a fully outsourced VoIP telephony solution for cable operators.
Customer Service.
One of the backbones of Big River Telephone’s success has been the implementation of their Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software. Big River Telephone operates with advanced technology CRM software from The Sage Group. 
Awards and recognitions.
Big River Telephone has also received several awards and achievements from organizations around the country. The Gartner Group presented Big River Telephone with the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Excellence Award for Big River’s implementation of successful customer experience and corporate philosophy. CIO Decisions named Big River Telephone one of the top 10 companies in the United States for customer focus. Big River Telephone has also received recognition from 1 to1 Magazine as one of the top 13 Customer Champion organizations.
Big River Digital Telephone Services.
Big River Telephone has partnered with cable companies nationwide to offer voice solutions over their existing cable plants. This technology allows cable companies to offer their subscribers the “triple play” bundle of video, data and voice service. Big River Telephone provides cable operators the ability to add full-featured residential and business telephony services to their existing customer base quickly and efficiently. Big River Telephone provides back-office platform support, network connectivity for voice traffic, support for operations and marketing and technical support. Currently Big River Telephone is providing back-office support and service to cable operations in Missouri, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, Minnesota, Arkansas, Pennsylvania, Kansas, Texas, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Colorado, Nebraska, Indiana, and Georgia.
Telecommunications Networking.
Big River Telephone Company operates an advanced network of Class 4 and Class 5 switches. To ensure reliability and security, Big River has implemented Class 5 VoIP switching technologies by MetaSwitch. With the deployment of MetaSwitch equipment on their network, Big River is able to deliver the advantages of VoIP technology directly to the end user. The implementation of the MetaSwitch allows Big River the opportunity to streamline its existing operations and to expand its innovative services including VoIP from a single platform. This technology is the core of delivering dial tone, connecting calls, providing call features, and routing calls for Big River Telephone Company. The Big River Telephone and MetaSwitch relationship is an active public partnership program that is engineering focused to ensure that both companies can co-operatively work together on any interoperability matters.
Web Interface Technologies.
Big River Telephone has internally developed web applications available to the public via Big River’s Teleconferencing and Voicemail products.
Big River’s on-demand, web enabled teleconferencing interface allows customer control of all features traditionally unavailable to the public. Big River’s web-enabled voicemail allows customer control and management via a secure website.
By using Voice over Internet Protocol technology, Big River’s Teleconferencing and Voicemail systems are fully digital and compatible with all modern telephone systems.
Big River Telephone is currently utilizing new media to disseminate information internally and externally. Big River Telephone has made itself accessible worldwide through Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.
Operations Support Systems.
Big River Telephone’s Operations Support Systems (OSS) handles a full range of telecommunication services including number portability, E911, Directory Assistance, Operator Services, Voice Mail, and a complete billing solution that includes call detail reporting and taxing.
Current projects.
Big River Telephone is actively working to provide Advanced Wireless Services, also known as AWS-1, a wireless telecommunications spectrum band used for mobile voice, data services, video, and messaging. AWS-1 is used in the United States and replaces the spectrum formerly allocated to Multipoint Multichannel Distribution Service, sometimes referred to as Wireless Cable.
The FCC has divided the spectrum into hundreds of rural licenses—rather than a handful of licenses that span large geographic areas—making it easier for smaller providers in remote cities and towns to bid. Big River Telephone Company acquired a band on the federal license Advanced Wireless Spectrum in 2007 with the intention of serving the counties where the majority of their customers are. Those counties are Bollinger, Cape Girardeau, Madison, Perry, St. Francois, Ste. Genevieve, Washington and Wayne. 
On July 15, 2010, Cedar Point Communications and Big River Telephone announced that Big River Telephone would deliver wholesale communications services via Cedar Point's SAFARI C³ Multimedia Switching System. Cedar Point's Safari C³ will be used in conjunction with existing MetaSwitch deployments to broaden network infrastructure. This implementation is part of a comprehensive communications offering that will leverage a new network architecture, which includes PacketCable 2.0 and IMS.
On August 4, 2010, Big River Telephone was announced as the recipient of $24.4 million in American Reinvestment and Recovery Act funding to extend high-speed Internet service to seven Missouri counties in southeast Missouri. The counties to be served are Bollinger, Cape Girardeau, Madison, Perry, St. Francois, Ste. Genevieve and Washington counties. The network deployment, which will provide access to 44,697 households and 7,511 businesses, was applauded by Governor Jay Nixon, who on August 5, visited the company to hold a press conference announcing the funding. Big River expects to add 75 people when work on the broadband build out is complete.

</doc>
<doc id="21398980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398980" title="156th meridian west">
156th meridian west

The meridian 156° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 156th meridian west forms a great circle with the 24th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 156th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21398991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398991" title="Pete Capella">
Pete Capella

Peter Charles "Pete" Capella III (born June 3, 1977 in Red Bank, New Jersey) is an American actor and voice actor best known for his voice role as Silver the Hedgehog in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" games.
Early life.
A Middletown Township, New Jersey resident, Capella has been acting his whole life. He graduated from college with a BA in Theater and Communications. 
Career.
In 1993, he became a performer in Improvision Jam Comedy Labs, it was here he got the nickname "The Sniper". He is co-owner and artistic director of the troupe, performing every weekend in Eatontown, New Jersey. Capella has been featured in an array of commercials (for cough medicine and toys such as Dance N Sing Pablo from the Backyardigans). As of today, Capella will be pursuing acting full-time. He also teaches acting and improvisation, as he previously resided in New York City. He has moved to California, since there were business venues offered to him by an agent of a voiceover agency, who they thought he would make a great narrator for some commercials and for upcoming anime series. 
Personal life.
Pete has a cat named Dylan (named for Bob).

</doc>
<doc id="21398993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398993" title="Blackburn Type L">
Blackburn Type L

The Blackburn Type L was a single-engine, two-seat biplane built for the 1914 "Daily Mail" Circuit of Britain seaplane race of 1914.
Development.
All six of Robert Blackburn's previous aircraft had been monoplanes and had suffered no structural problems, but during 1912 in both the UK and in Europe there had been enough monoplane structural failures for the RFC to ban them from service. There was a move to biplanes which Blackburn followed. The Type L, his first biplane and a seaplane was built specifically as a candidate for the Circuit of Britain Race, sponsored by the "Daily Mail" with a £5,000 winner's prize.
Assembled at Blackburn's Olympia Works in Leeds (a former skating rink), the Type L was a two-seat tractor seaplane. It had two bay wings without stagger, the upper plane having a span of 14 ft 6 in (4.4 m) greater than the lower, outward-sloping struts connecting the two extremities. The upper plane carried long ailerons extending over 70% of the span. The wings and the square-section fuselage were wooden frames with fabric covering, though the fuselage decking was aluminium. The pilot's seat was just behind the wing trailing edge, with the second seat under the wing. Tail surfaces were conventional, apart from the rudder horn balance positioned under the rear end of the fuselage. The floats were attached to the fuselage with six ash struts and separated by a pair of parallel spreader bars fore and aft. The hydrodynamics of floats was still evolving at the time, and those on the Type L were unusual in having a step close to the nose, followed by an arched, flat-bottomed underside aft to the second step. There was a small float under the tail.
Power was provided by a cowled 130 hp (100 kW) Salmson 9 nine-cylinder radial, licence built by Dudbridge Iron Works Ltd at Stroud. Most unusually for a radial, this type was water-cooled and needed two narrow radiators, one either side of the front seat. There were two fuel tanks in the fuselage.
Operational history.
The Circuit of Britain race was due to start from Calshot on 14 August 1914. There were nine competitors, who were on their way to the start when the First World War was declared on August 4. All the aircraft were impounded by the Admiralty.
The Type L was based at Scalby Mills just north of Scarborough on the English North-East Coast, an area attacked during 1914 by the German Navy. Here it was used for off-shore reconnaissance. During this time, some modifications were made to it, aimed at cooling and control problems: the engine cowling was removed and the long-span ailerons replaced with much shorter surfaces near the wing tips, protruding well behind the wing trailing edges. A wider-chord propeller was also added. At some point, it carried a .303 in (7.7 mm) machine gun, before being lost in a crash on the cliff top at Speeton early in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="21398995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398995" title="Hand of God (film)">
Hand of God (film)

Hand of God is a 2006 independent documentary that was acquired for national airing in the United States by Frontline. The film was directed and edited by Joe Cultrera and tells the story of how his brother Paul was molested in the 1960s by their parish priest, Father Joseph Birmingham, who allegedly abused nearly 100 other children. Cultrera tells the story of faith betrayed and how his brother Paul and the rest of the Cultrera family fought back against a scandal that continues to afflict churches across the country.
The Cultrera brothers were raised in an Italian-Catholic family in Salem, Massachusetts, and attended Catholic school from kindergarten through high school. From an early age they were immersed in the beliefs and teachings of the Catholic Church.
At 14, Paul, an altar boy at St. James Parish, came under the guidance of Fr. Birmingham. Birmingham was young and friendly, often taking the boys on trips and inviting them to the rectory for Friday and Saturday night pizza parties. It was during confession that Paul's relationship with Fr. Birmingham changed. Confessing to masturbation led to private "counseling" sessions at the rectory, where Paul was sexually abused. Birmingham also abused him during nighttime rides in Birmingham's black Ford Galaxie and on trips out of town.
Paul kept this secret for nearly 30 years, until he decided to finally confront the Church and launch his own investigation into whether the Archdiocese of Boston had covered up allegations against Birmingham, moving him from parish to parish and placing more children in danger. 
Paul began to place advertisements in the newspapers of the various towns where Birmingham had been posted, asking the simple question, "Do You Remember Father Birmingham?" The responses he received were an indication that he was certainly not Birmingham's only victim.

</doc>
<doc id="21398997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21398997" title="Jamarkus McFarland">
Jamarkus McFarland

Jamarkus McFarland (born November 26, 1990) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. McFarland was considered one of the best defensive tackle prospects of his class.
High school career.
McFarland attended Lufkin High School in Texas, where he accounted for 53 tackles, 10 tackles for loss and four quarterback sacks in 2008. He was a 2008 first team all-class by Texas Football, a second team Texas all-state selection and also named Texas Academic all-state. He also was named district 15-5A Defensive MVP as a junior in 2007.
As a senior, McFarland was a "USA Today" and "Parade" All-American. He also played in the 2009 U.S. Army All-American Bowl. Considered a four-star recruit by "Rivals.com", McFarland was listed as the No. 6 defensive tackle prospect in the nation, as well as the third-best run stuffer among defensive tackles. He was ranked third among the nation defensive tackles in the nation by "Scout.com", who graded him as a five-star recruit.
McFarland picked Oklahoma over Texas, LSU and Southern California. His recruitment was the topic of a "New York Times" story, which included a passage describing a lavish party with free alcohol and drugs and topless women hosted by Texas boosters in Dallas.
College career.
Because of the Sooners' depth at defensive tackle, McFarland was expected to redshirt in 2009. However, he saw some action in seven games as backup defensive tackle. He had a career-high two tackles in three games, and a career-high 1.5 sacks against Texas A&M. McFarland was named an All-Big 12 freshman by "ESPN.com".
As a sophomore, McFarland appeared in all 14 games, starting three. He had first career sack vs. Iowa State, finishing with 1.5 on the day. In his junior season, he played in 13 games and started 7, recording 21 tackles for the season.
In his senior year, McFarland became a full-time starter, starting in 12 contests. He recorded a career-high 28 tackles for the year, including six for a loss of yardage.
Professional career.
McFarland was ranked 55th among defensive tackles available in the 2013 NFL Draft.
He went undrafted in the 2013 NFL Draft.
San Diego Chargers.
McFarland was signed by the San Diego Chargers. On August 25, 2013, he was cut by the Chargers.

</doc>
<doc id="21399033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399033" title="Esuvee">
Esuvee

ESUVEE was a US year-long consumer education campaign on sport utility vehicle safety in 2005. There was also an associated website game. The goal of the campaign was to encourage safe driving of SUVs. The campaign emphasized the need to drive carefully to avoid rolling the vehicles over because SUVs handle like trucks, not cars. The focus was changing driver behavior, particularly among younger male drivers.
The campaign was a $27 million effort sponsored by the consumer protection agencies and the Attorneys General of all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Part of the funding came from a settlement agreement with the Ford Motor Company to resolve lawsuits alleging that Ford’s marketing practices misled consumers on how to drive, load, and maintain the Ford Explorer. 
The SUUVEE campaign was to inform the public about four safety elements to help save lives:

</doc>
<doc id="21399035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399035" title="Rochester Broncos all-time roster">
Rochester Broncos all-time roster

The Rochester Broncos were a professional baseball team that played in the American Association for one season in 1890. During their only season in existence, the team finished fifth in the AA with a record of 63–63.

</doc>
<doc id="21399060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399060" title="154th meridian west">
154th meridian west

The meridian 154° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 154th meridian west forms a great circle with the 26th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 154th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21399083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399083" title="Carrere">
Carrere

Carrere or Carrère may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21399088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399088" title="Colette Rolland">
Colette Rolland

Colette Rolland (born 1943, in Dieupentale, Tarn-et-Garonne, France) is a French computer scientist and Professor of Computer Science in the department of Mathematics and Informatics at the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne, and a leading researcher in the area of information and knowledge systems, known for her work on meta-modeling, particularly goal modelling and situational method engineering.
Biography.
In 1966 she studied applied mathematics at the University of Nancy, where she received her PhD in 1971. In 1973 she was appointed Professor at the University of Nancy, Department of Computer Science. In 1979 she became Professor at University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne Department of Mathematics and Informatics. 
She has been involved in a large number of European research projects and used to lead cooperative research projects with companies. She is currently Professor Emeritus of Computer Science in the department of Mathematics and Informatics.
Rolland is in the editorial board of a number of journals including "Journal of Information Systems", "Journal on Information and Software Technology", "Requirements Engineering Journal", "Journal of Networking and Information Systems", "Data and Knowledge Engineering Journal", "Journal of Data Base Management" and "Journal of Intelligent Information Systems". She is the French representative in IFIP TC8 on Information Systems and has been the co chair and chairperson of the IFIP WG8.1 during nine years.
Rolland has been awarded a number of prizes including the IFIP Silver Core, IFIP service award, the Belgium prize ‘de la Fondation Franqui’ and the European prize of ‘Information Systems’.
Work.
Roland's research interests are in the areas of information modeling, databases, temporal data modeling, object-oriented analysis and design, requirements engineering and specially change engineering, method engineering, CASE and CAME tools, change management and enterprise knowledge development.
Publications.
Rolland is the co-author of 7 textbooks; editor of 25 proceedings and author or co-author of over 280 invited and referred papers. A selection:
Papers, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="21399093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399093" title="Prorva Channel">
Prorva Channel

Prorva Channel, Prorva Canal, or Prorva branch is a channel in the Danube delta, in Ukraine. It is part a natural branch of the Danube delta, part canal constructed in 1957 by the Soviet Union.
According to an official report of the Ukrainian Ministry of Ecology, "Since 1958 the navigable waterway through the Prorva Branch had become the main channel for cargo transportation in the Ukrainian part of the Danube Delta", while the Bystroye Channel was reserved for military use until 1992 (and the Bystroye saw only occasional merchant traffic thereafter).
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the Prorva (alongside other Ukrainian waterways) became neglected, and transportation on it stopped around 1994-1997 due to silting, leaving Ukraine without its own deep-water canal between the Danube and the Black Sea. According to Ukrainian NGO International Centre for Policy Studies, dredging of the Prorva amounted to removing over 200,000 cubic meters annually after its opening, but by the mid-1980s that volume had increased twenty-fold.
Its reestablishment is among the suggestions to restore Ukrainian waterways, as an alternative to the controversial Bystroye Canal project.

</doc>
<doc id="21399097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399097" title="Hindpool">
Hindpool

Hindpool is an area and electoral ward of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England. It is bordered by Barrow Island, Central Barrow, Ormsgill, Parkside and the Walney Channel, the local population stood at 5,515 in 2001. The ward covers the entire western half of the town centre and includes Barrow's main shopping district. Other sites of interest include Furness College, the Dock Museum and the Main Public Library, the Town Hall and other such government buildings are located in the neighbouring central ward. Hindpool is also home to two stadia - Barrow Raiders' Craven Park and Barrow A.F.C.'s Holker Street.
Architecture.
Barrow being a planned town has many fine buildings to show for it, Abbey Road in particular is lined by numerous listed buildings including the Barrow Main Public Library, the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, Nan Tait Centre and Ramsden Hall. Almost all residential buildings in Hindpool are terraced housing, the population density of the area was 29.86 people per hectare in 2001 (three times Barrow average and eight times national population density average).
Retail sector.
The vast majority of Barrow's retail industry is, in fact, located in Hindpool and not the central ward where Barrow Borough Council is seated. The primary shopping district in Hindpool and Barrow itself is Dalton Road and Portland Walk which are located in the south-eastern corner of the ward. Alongside Hindpool's traditional shopping streets are three retail parks, including Hindpool Retail Park, Hollywood Park and Walney Road Retail Park.
Transportation.
Hindpool has a well established road network which includes the A590 Walney Road which runs from Ormsgill in the north to Barrow Island in the south. Barrow's principal road, Abbey Road also has a 0.4 mile stretch that runs through east-central Hindpool. Barrow-in-Furness railway station is also located in Hindpool and the Cumbrian Coast Line marks the border between the ward and Ormsgill.

</doc>
<doc id="21399103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399103" title="Oakland Christian School">
Oakland Christian School

Oakland Christian School (OCS) is a private pre-kindergarten–12 school in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
Oakland Christian School has a second location in Clarkston, Michigan which offers a preschool and elementary school.

</doc>
<doc id="21399105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399105" title="Irving Rosenthal">
Irving Rosenthal

Irving Rosenthal (December 5, 1895 – December 27, 1973) an amusement company owner who, along with his brother Jack Rosenthal, operated the Palisades Amusement Park near Cliffside Park and Fort Lee, New Jersey, from 1934 until its closing in 1971.
Early life.
Rosenthal was born in Russia and immigrated to the United States in 1902, two years after an older brother and sister settled in New York. By 1910, the Rosenthal household on East 175th Street in the Bronx included widowed mother Jennie (b. 1864), Abraham Rosenthal (b. 1883), Florence Rosenthal (b. 1886), Rebecca Rosenthal (b. 1887), Mollie Rosenthal (b. 1888), Samuel Rosenthal (1891–1967), Celia Rosenthal (b. 1891), Jacob Rosenthal (b. 1892), and Irving Rosenthal (1895–1973). With the exception of Jacob and Irving, the Rosenthal family was employed in the leather and garment trade. Early on, Jacob Rosenthal worked as a musician with the Russian Symphony in New York, while Irving Rosenthal studied music and worked at odd jobs.
Education.
Following his primary and secondary education in New York, Irving Rosenthal paid his tuition at New York University College of Dentistry by working as a trumpeter and violinist. He graduated from the school, but never practiced the profession.
Early employment.
As a child, Irving sold newspapers on the Lower East Side to aid his widowed mother. In 1905, he borrowed $50 as start-up funding in a venture to sell souvenir pails and shovels at Steeplechase Park. The venture reaped a $1,500 profit. Within a few years, he and his brother Jacob - who was later known as Jack - bought a second-hand merry-go-round which they operated at the Savin Rock Park in West Haven, Connecticut, which they claimed netted a profit of $11,000. In 1927, Irving and Jack Rosenthal built at a cost of $146,000 The Cyclone roller coaster at Coney Island. Irving also operated the Golden City Park Arena in Canarsie, Brooklyn, and featured the debut fights in the boxing careers of Canada Lee, Tony Canzoneri, and Izzy Grove.
Palisades Amusement Park.
In 1934, Irving and Jack Rosenthal leased the Palisades Amusement Park from Nicholas Schenck the M-G-M mogul and his brother Joseph Schenck when they began working with theatre chain owner Marcus Loew. In 1935, the Rosenthal brothers bought the park for $450,000. The attraction flourished under their management and drew more than four million visitors each summer. Among the attractions he featured at the park were such big-name bands as Harry James, Benny Goodman, the Dorsey Brothers, Xavier Cugat, and recording stars such as Tony Bennett, Vic Damone, and The Supremes. Such novelties as the 'diaper derby,' a crawling race for babies, junior beauty pageants, and three-ring circuses were among the innovations Irving Rosenthal introduced at Palisades Amusement Park. At the height of his career, Rosenthal employed more than 1,600 workers at the park.
Other enterprises.
Rosenthal annually hosted the Police Anchor Club outings to the park, which enabled more than 11,000 New York orphans to visit the attraction. As a benefactor of the New York Association for Brain Injured Children, a home in Kerhonkson, New York was named for him. At one time, Rosenthal owned the Royal York Hotel in Miami, Florida, and a chain of movie theaters.
Marriage.
Irving Rosenthal was married to Gladys Shelley, a lyricist and composer of more than 300 songs, whose "How Did He Look?" remained a favorite of New York night-club singers for more than 60 years. In 1965, she penned the words and music for the advertising jingle "Come On Over" for her husband's enterprise, which rhymed 'Palisades Amusement Park' with 'swings all day and after dark.'
Death.
In 1971, Irving Rosenthal sold the Palisades Amusement Park to the Centex Winston Corporation, but continued working as chairman of Action Ads, Inc., an advertising firm. He was also involved in real estate and amusement developments. He died of a heart attack at his New York City home on Thursday, December 27, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21399115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399115" title="Serra do Coqueiro">
Serra do Coqueiro

Serra do Coqueiro is a mountain range in the border of Brazilian states of Rio Grande do Norte, Ceará and Paraíba. An unnamed peak at Venha-Ver is the highest point in Rio Grande do Norte, reaching . 

</doc>
<doc id="21399119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399119" title="Berenika Zakrzewski">
Berenika Zakrzewski

Berenika Schmitz, stage name Berenika, (born January 24, 1983) is an American concert pianist. She attended Professional Children's School in New York as well as the Juilliard School of Music. Upon finishing high school she went to Harvard University where she was the recipient of the Leonard Bernstein Scholarship. She graduated magna cum laude in both Music and Government. She then pursued her Masters degree at Christ Church, Oxford University and then her post-graduate diploma at the Royal Academy of Music, London. 
She has performed worldwide with orchestras such as the Pittsburgh Symphony and Asheville Symphony, with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra under Jukka Pekka Saraste, the National Arts Centre Orchestra of Canada under Erich Kunzel, the Penderecki Festival Orchestra under Heinrich Schiff, the Boston Civic Symphony under Max Hobart in Jordan Hall, the Oxford Philomusica, the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra, Santa Rosa Symphony, the RIC Symphony Orchestra, the New Philharmonic Orchestra, Florida, the Bialystock Philharmonic, Sinfonia Varsovia, Camerata New York, the Poznan Philharmonic, the Canadian Chamber Orchestra, the Christ Church Orchestra, the Beethoven Academy Orchestra and the Aspen Sinfonia. She toured South America as a soloist with the Youth Orchestra of the Americas performing in the major concert halls of Brazil, Panama, Peru, Uruguay, Costa Rica, and Argentina, including the Teatro Colón, Buenos Aires. 
She has also performed in the Allen Room, Jazz at Lincoln Center and at the Wigmore Hall, London. She was the spokesperson for CASIO’s Privia, and was the Leonard Bernstein Fellow at the Tanglewood Music Center. She has been presented to the HM Queen Elizabeth II. 
Her radio appearances include WQXR and Classic FM, MDR Germany, the BBC, NPR and the CBC.
Berenika made a critically acclaimed live recording of the Beethoven Piano Concerto No. 3 with Sinfonietta Cracovia under John Axelrod, distributed by Universal Music Group.
She has been photographed by famous celebrity photographer Douglas Kirkland and dressed in American designer Halston.
A child prodigy, she performed as soloist with the Sault Symphony Orchestra at the age of 9.

</doc>
<doc id="21399122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399122" title="Georgi Semerdzhiev">
Georgi Semerdzhiev

Georgi Semerdzhiev () (born 8 August 1986) is a football striker from Bulgaria currently playing for Sportist Svoge. He is a central forward. 
Semerdzhiev started to play football in Levski Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="21399132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399132" title="Maria Sachs">
Maria Sachs

Maria Lorts Sachs (born March 25, 1949) is a Democratic member of the Florida State Senate, representing the 34th District, which stretches from Hollywood to Boynton Beach in northeastern Broward County and southeastern Palm Beach County, since 2012, previously representing the 30th District from 2010 to 2012. Before winning election to the Florida Senate, Sachs served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 86th District from 2006 to 2010.
History.
Sachs was born in Battle Creek, Michigan and attended the University of Maryland, where she received her bachelors degree, Boston University, where she received her masters degree, and, after she moved to Florida in 1976, the University of Miami, where she received her Juris Doctor. Following her graduation from law school, she worked as an assistant state attorney in the narcotics division in Miami-Dade County and in Broward County before working for Sachs and Sax as a private practice attorney specializing in domestic, condominium, and commercial disputes. In 1994, Sachs ran for the Group 25 judicial position on the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit Court of Florida, facing incumbent Judge Catherine M. Brunson, Curtis Levine, John Marinelli, and Brian Kimber. In the nonpartisan primary, Sachs received 21% of the vote and placed second to Brunson, who received 33%. Because Brunson did not win a majority, a runoff election was held. The election between Brunson and Sachs was called "Palm Beach County's nastiest campaign ever for a judgeship," with both candidates making personal attacks on each other throughout the race. Brunson received the endorsement of "The News", which criticized Sachs for her "inactivity in recent years and overall lack of experience in the courtroom." Ultimately, Brunson beat out Sachs to retain her judgeship by a comfortable margin, receiving 56% of the vote to Sachs's 44%.
Florida House of Representatives.
When incumbent State Representative Anne M. Gannon opted to run for Palm Beach County Tax Collector rather than seek re-election in 2006, Sachs ran to succeed her in the 86th District, which stretched from Boca Raton to Boynton Beach in Palm Beach County. She faced Joseph Abruzzo, former New York State Assemblyman Mark Alan Siegel, and former Maine State Representative Harriet Lerman in the Democratic primary. Sachs narrowly emerged victorious over her opponents, receiving 34% of the vote to Abruzzo's 26%, Siegel's 21%, and Lerman's 19%, and advanced to the general election, where she was unopposed. Running for re-election in 2008, Sachs was opposed by independent candidate John Sottilare. She was endorsed for re-election by the "Sun-Sentinel", which praised her as a "promising" legislator who "has taken a smart approach to her job in Tallahassee" by passing good legislation. Sottilare did not pose a significant challenge to Sachs, and she was re-elected in a landslide, winning 82% of the vote.
Florida Senate.
When State Senator Ted Deutch was elected to Congress in a special election held in 2010, Sachs ran to succeed him in the 30th District, which included Boca Raton, Boynton Beach, Deerfield Beach, and Wellington in eastern Palm Beach County and northeastern Broward County. She was unopposed in both the Democratic primary and the general election and won her first term entirely uncontested.
In 2012, when the state's legislative districts were redrawn in 2012, Sachs was moved into the 34th District, which contained much of the territory that she had previously represented. She faced fellow State Senator Ellyn Setnor Bogdanoff in the general election, which attracted attention from both the Florida Democratic Party and the Republican Party of Florida, both of which spent millions trying to elect their candidate. During the campaign, Sachs campaigned on the fact that her victory would, in all likelihood, deny Republicans a two thirds majority in the Senate that would allow them to change the rules. During the campaign, she was attacked by Bogdanoff and Senate Republicans for reportedly being "under investigation for her finances," but the ethics commission did not conclude that an investigation was necessary. In response to the attacks, she remarked, "This is just the beginning of what they're going to throw at me and other Democrats so they can dominate the Senate." "The Palm Beach Post" strongly endorsed Sachs over Bogdanoff, noting that her election could "head off reckless legislation the too-powerful Republican majority has been eager to pass" and concluding that, in a number of instances, "Sachs cast a better vote." The "Sun-Sentinel", however, though they observed that "either woman could do a credible job representing the district" and that Sachs has been a "moderate Democrat" with "her share of legislative accomplishments," endorsed Bogdanoff, citing her ability to work with Republican leadership. Ultimately, Sachs narrowly emerged victorious over Bogdanoff, winning 53% of the vote to Bogdanoff's 47%.

</doc>
<doc id="21399136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399136" title="153rd meridian west">
153rd meridian west

The meridian 153° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 153rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 27th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 153rd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21399150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399150" title="Paul Snyder (basketball)">
Paul Snyder (basketball)

Paul L. Snyder, Sr. is a Buffalo, New York businessman and former owner of the Buffalo Braves basketball team.
Snyder was born and raised in Pennsylvania, and first attended Alfred University before transferting to the University at Buffalo. He was on the football and wrestling teams in college.
He founded the Freezer Queen frozen food company in Buffalo in 1958 and founded the Darien Lake theme park after purchasing of land in Genesee County, New York in 1964. He also briefly operated a (now demolished) Industrial Park located on the southeastern grounds of the Buffalo Niagara International Airport in the late 1980s.
He was the second owner of the Buffalo Braves, which was an expansion team in the 1970-1971 NBA season. He sold the team in 1977, unable to compete with the much more successful Buffalo Sabres, who also debuted in the National Hockey League in 1970. The franchise later moved to San Diego (in a complicated swap with the Boston Celtics), then to Los Angeles, where it plays as the Los Angeles Clippers.

</doc>
<doc id="21399153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399153" title="List of St. Louis Cardinals Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of St. Louis Cardinals Opening Day starting pitchers

The St. Louis Cardinals are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in St. Louis, Missouri. They play in the National League Central division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. As of 2008, The Cardinals have used 71 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 128 seasons. Since the franchise's beginning in , the ?starters have a combined Opening Day record of 70 wins, 57 losses (70–57), and 22 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game. Although in modern baseball, ties are rare due to extra innings.
Bob Gibson holds the Cardinals record for most Opening Day starts with ten.

</doc>
<doc id="21399172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399172" title="St Thomas School, Kolkata">
St Thomas School, Kolkata

St Thomas' School is a kindergarten to higher secondary school for boys and girls located at Kidderpore, in Kolkata, India. It is the second oldest school in India and has the largest campus areas in the city of Kolkata comprising three football size fields, two basketball courts and children's playgrounds. The campus also houses the St. Thomas' College of Engineering and Technology and has a church called the St. Stephen's Church.
The school has two adjacent divisions St. Thomas' Boys' School (STBS) and St. Thomas' Girls' School (STGS). The students of this school are nicknamed as Thomasites (boys) and Thomasinas (girls).
St. Thomas School was established in 1789 in Kolkata, India. It is named after St. Thomas, one of the 12 Apostles, who visited Kochi, India in 52 A.D. The school motto is 'Nisi Dominus Frusta' which stands for "Except the Lord, Effort in Vain". The school celebrates the foundation day on 17 December. 
The school is associated with the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations, which conducts the ICSE (Grade 10) and ISC (Grade 12) examinations over the country.
The school has two boardings divided into three dormitories in both St Thomas Boy's and St Thomas Girl's School. Students of the school are often differentiated as "Boarders" and "Day scholars". The boarders attend regular studies in "Prepe" where school teachers have rotational duties. An annual "Social" is organized where the boys and girls (boarders) meet each other amidst music and dance.
History.
The school began life as the School, on a site on which today stands the Scottish Church, in Dalhousie square, Calcutta, adjacent to Writer's Buildings. Later on the school premises moved to Free School Street. That site was sold and on the land stand the Food Department and the Free School St. Post Office and other buildings. A part of the St. Thomas' School still exists at the same site and is called St. Thomas Day School, as legally it is a branch of the main St. Thomas' School.
The Charity School and later, its successor, the "Free School" was founded for the children of Europeans and Anglo-Indians. The same objectives were embedded in the St. Thomas' School Society which succeeded the Free School. In 1923 the Bengal Legislative Assembly enacted the St. Thomas School Act of 1923 and the purposes of St. Thomas School were as follows, and no other : The education of European and Anglo-Indian children. The lease deed of the property known as "Kidderpore House" was signed between the Govt. of India and the St. Thomas' School Society the lease states that the property was given on lease in perpetuity for the purposes of St. Thomas' School land no other. The Governors had no power in the said lease to sub-let or dispose of the property to any person or body. In the years 1990-1991, the then nominated MLA of the Anglo-Indian community in West Bengal moved an amendment to the St. Thomas School Act 1923, which made certain changes in the act, and also gave power to the Governors to "sub-lease" the property, which they could not do and which would violate the terms and conditions of the original lease.
Taking advantage of the "amended" St. Thomas School Act 1923, the then Bishop of Calcutta, Revd. P.S.P. Raju went ahead to sub-lease of land to an "St. Thomas Engineering College" of which he was the Chairman too and which was his own pet project. Knowledgeable Anglo-Indians petitioned the West Bengal Minority Commission against this illegality and the transfer of the property was held up. Later on the Secretary of the St. Thomas Engineering College filed a police complaint against the Bishop Revd. P.S.P. Raju and the Bishop was arrested by the Shakespeare Sarani Police Station of Calcutta Police on fraud charges. 
In the year 1984 the Board of Governors of St. Thomas School, were considering appointing a non-Anglo-Indian as Principal of the Boys' School. A large public body of Anglo-Indians protested against this appointment citing violation of Article 30 of the Constitution of India. The High Court of Calcutta accepted the case, with the observation that it appeared that there was substantial violations of the fundamental rights of the Anglo-Indian community. The Governors withdrew their project to install a non-Anglo-Indian as Principal. In subsequent years, because the Anglo-Indian community is getting weaker, the Principal of the Boys' School is Mr.John Ghosh who is a non-Anglo-Indian.

</doc>
<doc id="21399202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399202" title="Bernd Meier">
Bernd Meier

Bernd Meier (11 February 1972 – 2 August 2012) was a German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Playing career.
Born in Rain, Swabia, Meier arrived at the professional level at the age of 21, joining TSV 1860 München and promoting to the Bundesliga in his first year. During his subsequent four-season spell with the "Löwen", he continued to battle for first-choice status with Rainer Berg, appearing in a career-best 33 games in 1995–96 to help his team to the eighth position.
In summer 1999, Meier signed with Borussia Mönchengladbach, playing in only two league matches during his stint, one in each major level of German football. After three years he returned to the second division, going on to start for Rot Weiss Ahlen.
Meier moved to Borussia Dortmund in 2005, at the age of 33, being only third-choice over the course of two seasons, and inclusively being demoted to the reserves. He retired with 94 top level games to his credit.
Coaching career.
On 6 January 2010, Meier was named as the new goalkeeper coach of SV Wacker Burghausen.
The following year, in the same capacity, he joined the Germany under-17 team.
Death.
Meier died on 2 August 2012 of an apparent heart attack, after being admitted to the hospital for food poisoning. He was only 40 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="21399208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399208" title="College preparatory course">
College preparatory course

A College preparatory course is a means by which college bound high school students may better meet the more stringent scholastic requirements for entry into colleges and universities. Students taking college-preparatory courses may have an increased quantity of classwork, and expectations to achieve are at a higher level. The GPA (grade point average) weight for college-preparatory courses may have more value for college entry programs than regular courses. College prep courses are particularly appropriate for providing the academic background needed to succeed in a degree program at a college or university. Above college-preparatory in difficulty is honors, where the advanced structure while similar in many ways to college prep, requires even more effort from the student. In many schools, a student can move from college-preparatory courses to Advanced Placement courses, if they attain a certain average.

</doc>
<doc id="21399258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399258" title="Smith v. United States">
Smith v. United States

Smith v. United States, , is a United States Supreme Court case that held that the exchange of a gun for drugs constituted "use" of the firearm for purposes of a federal statute imposing penalties for "use" of a firearm "during and in relation to" a drug trafficking crime.
In "Watson v. United States", 128 S.Ct. 697 (2007) the court later decided that a transaction in the opposite direction does not violate the same statute (i.e., "Smith" holds that one "uses" a gun by giving it in exchange for drugs, but "Watson" holds that one does "not" "use" a gun by "receiving" it in exchange for drugs).

</doc>
<doc id="21399259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399259" title="Peter Schousboe">
Peter Schousboe

Peter Schousboe, more fully Peter (or Peder) Kofod Ancher (or Anker) Schousboe (1766 – 1832) was a Danish botanist. He was born in 1766 in Rønne, Denmark, and died in 1832 in Tangier, Morocco, having served as Danish consul general in Tangier from 1800 onwards. He conducted a botanical expedition in Spain and Morocco during the years 1791-93. Among the plants that he was the first to describe was the popular garden flower "Salvia interrupta"; the bushwillow genus "Schousboea" (now considered a synonym of "Combretum") was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="21399279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399279" title="Moravian traditional music">
Moravian traditional music

Moravian traditional music represents a part of the European musical culture connected with the regions around the western Carpathian Mountains. Many styles of Moravian traditional music exist, varying by location and function, but much of it is characterized by a specific melodic and harmonic texture related to the Eastern European musical world. According to Czech musicologist Jiří Plocek, Moravia is the area where the European East musically meets the West.
Moravian folk bands are mainly centered around a string section and a large cimbalom, which are often complemented by other instruments. Moravian traditional music influenced many Czech classical composers' work, especially Leoš Janáček, who was at the forefront of the Moravian folklore movement. Towards the end of the 20th century, Moravian folk music had a noticeable influence on the Czech jazz scene, and folk songs have been adapted into rock bands' repretoires. Today, there are many festivals still held throughout Moravia with performances from traditional bands and dance ensembles.
History.
Moravia, today a part of the Czech Republic, was settled by Slavic tribes in the 6th century. Today, however, little is known about this period. Following the decline of Great Moravia in the 9th and 10th centuries, Moravia was captured by the Přemyslid dynasty and became a part of the Bohemian Kingdom. During the medieval war-invasions, exotic armies of Turks and Tatars came to the region. Echoes of these dramatic events can be found in the lyrics of Moravian folk songs. Distinct styles of folk music began to emerge during the Wallachian colonization of the 16th and 17th centuries, separating Czech and Moravian traditional music. The "new Hungarian" style has influenced the music of the area in the past three centuries, especially in Southern Moravia. This influence has left a deep imprint on the unusual melodic variegation of Moravian traditional music providing an inspirational source for subsequent Classical, Jazz and Pop music composers.
The Czech National Revival in the 19th century represented an important turning point for traditional music. The "Gubernial Collecting Action" at the beginning of the 19th century was responsible for documenting folk music of the entire Austro-Hungarian Empire. Later, in 1835, the priest František Sušil (1804–1868) published "Moravské národní písně" (Moravian National Songs), the founding collection of Moravian folk songs. The second important collector of folk songs was the dialectologist and folklorist František Bartoš (1837–1906), who published his collection "Nové národní písně moravské s nápěvy do textu vřaděnými" (New Moravian National Songs with Melodies Integrated to Text) in 1882. He closely collaborated with Czech composer Leoš Janáček who later became the leader of the Moravian folklore movement. During the 1930s, Janáček published his folk-song collection called "Moravské písně milostné" (Moravian Love Songs), and also organized the first recordings of the folk music with phonograph. His recordings represent the oldest documentation of Moravian folk music. Many other valuable regional folk-song collections were also published during this time and collecting activities continued through the second half of the 20th century. Today tens of thousands of folk songs from Moravia are archived in the Ethnographic Division of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.
Main characteristics.
The traditional music of Western Moravia is closely related to the music of Bohemia. It was influenced by folk music of Germany and other western regions as well as classical music, especially in the Baroque and Classical eras. The music is mainly written in major keys, and its rhythm and structure are regular and firm.
The music of Southeastern Moravia differs substantially. Its character is closely related to the musical style of Eastern Europe using rather minor keys and melodic elements characteristic of eastern countries such as Ukraine, Slovakia, Romania and Hungary. Here it is also possible to find elements of gypsy scales which contain augmented intervals unusual for the traditional music of Western Europe. One of the most important elements of the traditional music of Southeastern Moravia is emotional variegation and greater rhythmic leeway.
Moravian folk music performances use various traditional and characteristic instruments. "Cimbalom bands" are among the most visible and iconic ensembles that perform traditional music today. The "small" cimbalom characteristic of Moravian music in the 19th century, however, has been replaced by the "standard" (or Hungarian) cimbalom, a rather new instrument only gaining wide use in the 20th century. The leader and "conductor" of the cimbalom band is often a violinist, called ""primáš"" in Czech, who plays the leading melody with ornamentation. A second violinist, ""obligát"", often plays the plain melody and supports the ""primáš"". The harmonic variety of the string instruments is often supported also by other violinists or violists. They are called ""terc"" as they usually play a third lower than the leading melody or ""kontry"", playing accompaniments. Other important instruments of the Moravian cimbalom band are clarinet, ornamenting the melody, and double bass.
Moravian folk bands often perform in various line-ups as some types of songs require specific instrumental accompaniment. For example, ""hudecké"" songs only require a string section. The traditional line-up of "hudecká muzika" (string band) consists of fiddle ("prim"), viola ("kontra") and bass. Bagpipes, "gajdy" in Moravian dialects, are integral to the fabric of ""gajdošská muzika"", often accompanied by violin ("prim"), viola ("kontra") and double bass. Removing some typical violin features lead to the origin of an instrument nicknamed the "squeaking fiddle" in the former Bohemian-German area of the Jihlava region. This type of homemade "folk fiddle" is the leading instrument of "skřipkařská muzika" ("squeaking fiddle band"). Other songs may require unusual instruments such as simple whistles, pipes, flutes and recorders, hurdy gurdy and jaw harps.
Moravian traditional folk songs are separated into various specific types, of which the most famous is probably the "verbuňk", the specific male recruit dance of Moravian Slovakia. Koichiro Matsuura, the General-Director of UNESCO in 2005 proclaimed the Moravian "verbuňk" as the part of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Mankind.
Moravian ethnographic regions.
Moravia is ethnographically divided into approximately ten regions, some of which, "Dolňácko" for example, are divided further into subregions.
Folklorism.
Moravian traditional folk music has served as a source and inspiration to many different musical genres including classical composers such as Antonín Dvořák, Leoš Janáček, Vítězslav Novák and Bohuslav Martinů. Following World War II and the Czechoslovak coup d'état of 1948, folk songs were used as a part of the communist cultural programme. Ideology-influenced folk-song propaganda was created in order to support the new régime. The movement soon vanished, however, and the principles of traditional folk music headed toward more sophisticated processing. The "off-key and creaky" music of old village musicians was often replaced by the academic and virtuosic expression of professional players, typically represented by the "Brněnský rozhasový orchestr lidových nástrojů (BROLN)" (The Orchestra of Traditional Folk Instruments of the Brno Radio). In the second half of the 20th century, traditional folk bands were replaced with "chamber orchestras" which performed folk arrangements. Regional variability and originality was almost lost. Traditional music partially returned to its roots in the last decade of the 20th century and slowly began to restore its distinctives.
The musical structure of Moravian folk song also influenced many jazz artists. Czech jazz musicians led by Karel Velebný and Jaromír Hnilička recorded the album ""Týnom, tánom"" in 1970, the first attempt to arrange the folk songs into jazz compositions. Other jazz musicians who have used elements of folk music include Jiří Stivín ("Inspirations by Folklore" CD) and Emil Viklický ("Morava", 2003 CD, together with Billy Hart, George Mraz and Zuzana Lapčíková).
The songwriter Petr Ulrych, the founder of the band "Javory", was one of the first musicians to deal with traditional music in the 1980s. Ulrych closely collaborated with violinist Jiří Pavlica, the leader of the cimbalom band Hradišťan. Hradišťan, a well-known traditional folk band, later turned away from folklore and focused on fusion in various world music projects (Yas-Kaz, Dizu Plaatjies and Altai-Kai collaborations among others).
Widespread use of traditional folk music in the repertoire of Czech rock bands began in the 1990s. Significant representatives of this genre are Čechomor, Fleret and Vlasta Redl. Another important musician who deals with Moravian traditional music is the avant-garde singer and violinist Iva Bittová.
Traditional music festivals in Moravia.
Annual festivals:
The following festivals are held annually unless otherwise noted.
Selected recordings.
Regional recordings.
Antologie moravské lidové hudby - komplet 5CD. Epic five-disc Anthology of Moravian folk music of the early 21st century (Indies Scope, 2012)
Horňácko region (Upper Moravian Slovakia)
Hradištské Dolňácko region (Uherské Hradiště Lower Moravian Slovakia)
Strážnické Dolňácko region (Strážnice Lower Moravian Slovakia) 
Kyjovské Dolňácko region (Kyjov Lower Moravian Slovakia)
Hanácké Slovácko region (Hanakian Moravian Slovakia)
Podluží region
Luhačovské Zálesí region
Uherskobrodsko and Kopanice regions
Valašsko region (Moravian Wallachia)
Lašsko region (Lachia)
Haná region (Hanakia)
Horácko region 

</doc>
<doc id="21399302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399302" title="Watson v. United States">
Watson v. United States

Watson v. United States, 552 U.S. 74 (2007), is a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States. The Court had earlier held in "Smith v. United States" that the exchange of a gun for drugs constituted "use" of a firearm for purposes of a federal statute imposing penalties for "use" of a firearm "during and in relation to" a drug trafficking crime; in "Watson", the court decided that a transaction in the opposite direction does not violate the same statute (i.e., "Smith" holds that one "uses" a gun by giving it in exchange for drugs, and "Watson" holds that one does not "use" a gun by receiving it in exchange for drugs).
Ruling.
Justice Souter delivered the opinion of the court saying that Smith held that firearms may be “used” in barter transaction, even with no violent employment and that it addressed the trader only, who swaps his gun for drugs, not the trading partner who ends up with the gun. Bailey, too, does not help because it ruled that a gun must be made use of actively to satisfy 924(c)(1)(A), as “an operative factor in relation to the predicate offense.” The majority of the court held that a person does not “use” a firearm under 924(c)(1)(A) when he receives it in trade for drugs, the Judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
Decision and Rationale.
The Fifth Circuit affirmed that receiving a firearm constituted “use” for the purposes. The decision at which the Supreme Court arrived at via unanimous decision was that the momentary possession of the received unloaded semi-automatic pistol was not sufficient to constitute the “use” of the weapon. The rationale behind the Watson situation is that even though there was a firearm present in the transaction, Watson was not carrying it during the transaction. The weapon was unloaded and in his possession for a minimal amount of time. The decision withheld therefore was that Watson's bartering of drugs for the pistol did not constitute the “use” of the weapon due to the fact that the weapon was not loaded, he was not carrying it during the transaction and only had ownership of the firearm for few minutes before being arrested by officials.
Justice Ginsburg's concurrence.
Justice Ginsburg delivered the concurrence to the court. She states that she agrees with the opinion of the court but has a different reasoning. Her reasoning is that she defines the word “use” to mean using as a weapon and not in bartering transactions. She also goes on to state that she would overrule Smith, 508 U.S., at 241, and make the precedent both “coherent and consistent with normal usage.”

</doc>
<doc id="21399312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399312" title="Salehabad, Pakistan">
Salehabad, Pakistan

Salehabad is a fishing village in Manora island, of Kiamari Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
There are several ethnic groups in Kiamari Town including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Punjabis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, Bohras and Ismailis.

</doc>
<doc id="21399313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399313" title="2014 Gay Games">
2014 Gay Games

According to the Federation of Gay Games, fourteen cities expressed interest in hosting the 2014 Gay Games (Gay Games IX). During its annual meeting in Cape Town on 28 October 2008, the FGG announced that four cities made the deadline and were thus in the running to host the games: Boston, Cleveland, Miami, and Washington, DC. Of these cities, Boston, Cleveland, and Washington, DC submitted bid books by the deadline. The FGG selected Cleveland as the host city in September 2009 during its annual meeting in Cologne, Germany.
Sponsors.
On April 13, 2013, the Cleveland Foundation announced a USD $250,000 grant as the presenting sponsor of the event, to be known as "the 2014 Gay Games presented by the Cleveland Foundation". This is the first time the Gay Games have benefited from a presenting sponsor.
Also announced as a major sponsor is Ernst & Young, with cash and in-kind services.
Events.
The event will feature more than 35 sports, band and choral competitions, and community and cultural events throughout the Cleveland and Akron areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21399318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399318" title="Jennite">
Jennite

Jennite is a calcium silicate hydrate mineral of general chemical formula: Ca9Si6O18(OH)6·8H2O. 
Jennite occurs as an alteration mineral in metamorphosed limestone and skarn. It typically occurs as vein and open space fillings as a late mineral phase. It also occurs in hydrated cement paste. 
A first specimen of jennite found in 1966 at the Crestmore quarries (Crestmore, Riverside County, California, USA) was analysed and identified as a new mineral by Carpenter in 1966 (Carpenter, 1966). They named it in honour of its discoverer: Clarence Marvin Jenni (1896–1973) director of the Geological Museum at the University of Missouri.
In contrast to the first analysis made by Carpenter, jennite does not contain appreciable amount of sodium when the Crestmore specimen was reexamined (Gard, 1977). 
The structure of jennite is made of three distinct modules: ribbons of edge-sharing calcium octahedra, silicate chains of wollastonite-type running along the b axis, and additional calcium octahedra on inversion centers. The hydroxyl groups are bonded to three calcium cations while no SiOH groups are observed (Bonaccorsi, 2004). 
Jennite transforms to metajennite at 70 – 90 °C by losing four water molecules (Gard, 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="21399323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399323" title="Bolívar Park (Medellín, Colombia)">
Bolívar Park (Medellín, Colombia)

The Park of Bolívar ("Parque de Bolívar") or Bolívar Park ("Parque Bolívar"), as it is popularly known, is an urban park in Medellín, Antioquia, Colombia. The park was inaugurated in 1892 and named in honor of the liberator Simón Bolívar. In 1923, an equestrian statue was erected in the center of the park, designed by the Italian sculptor Giovanni Anderlini and cast by the Italian sculptor Eugenio Maccagnani.
The park occupies two blocks, with approximately 14,400 m2 in area divided between green and paved areas. Its varied landscaping includes native trees. This urban space, replete with historical and cultural symbolism, is considered a symbol of the city itself. It is a main meeting place used by the city's different generations. Around the park are located several cultural sites of the city: at the north side the Metropolitan Cathedral of Medellín, and at the southeastern coast is the Lido Theater, run by Ballet Folklórico de Antioquia. Also worthy of appreciation are nearby old houses, in the former luxury residential sector of the city center. On the first three Sundays of each month at 11:15 a.m. the Banda Sinfónica Universidad de Antioquia holds their traditional Sunday open-air concert. The first Saturday of each month, the park hosts the traditional "San Alejo" market.
Urban and social context.
The Bolívar Park is located in the neighborhood of Villanueva, in the downtown area of Medellín. The avenues that converge near the ends of the park are named after places and events related to freedom: the "calles" are Perú and Bolivia, and the "carreras" are Venezuela and Ecuador, nations liberated by Bolívar. Two other streets are Caracas and La Paz, the latter passes just the rear of the cathedral. Along the Junín "carrera", which ends in the south side of the park, can be found one of the more traditional shopping towns. Its name commemorates the Battle of Junín.
The nearby streets have mixed usage as housing, business, trade and service industries. Traditionally, the park has been a place for meetings and cultural events, such the "Retreta Dominical ó del Parque" (Sundays open-air concert), a tradition for more than 100 years, which is held by the Banda Sinfónica Universidad de Antioquia on the first three Sundays of the month at 11:15 a.m. Also, there is the Crafts Fair of San Alejo, which takes place the first Saturday of each month. Moreover, the park often has storytelling, street theatre and other events.

</doc>
<doc id="21399325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399325" title="Joe M. Rodgers">
Joe M. Rodgers

Joe M. Rodgers (November 12, 1933 – February 2, 2009) was an American construction company executive and political operative who served as the United States Ambassador to France.
Rodgers was born on November 12, 1933 in Bay Minette, Alabama and was raised in Montgomery, Alabama. He attended the University of Alabama, where he was awarded a bachelor's degree in civil engineering and then served for three years in the United States Coast Guard.
Construction.
Rodgers had worked as sales manager for Dixie Concrete Pipe and went out on his own, starting a construction firm in 1966. Having been given a ticket and a house share for the 1968 Masters Tournament at the Augusta National Golf Club, Rodgers ended up sharing a home with Thomas Frist, a doctor from Nashville, Tennessee who had just started a private hospital company called Hospital Corporation of America. The two built a connection while walking the golf course and Frist offered Rodgers a contract to build a hospital in Erin, Tennessee for HCA. By 1970, Rodgers had built 19 hospitals for Hospital Corporation of America and had built 200 for the company by 1979, generating $120 million in revenue that year.
His firm took on a project in April 1972 to complete the building of the National Life and Accident Insurance Company's Opryland USA complex which had been scheduled to open on May 19, but had been delayed due to a strike by workers at another construction firm. Rodgers and his subcontractors crossed the picket lines and were able to earn a bonus for completing the project two days early, which was accomplished by working on shifts around the clock. The $50,000 bonus was turned over to local Boy and Girl Scout groups.
He sold a majority stake in his construction company after a 1977 heart attack and shifted into real estate development. Projects he developed included Vanderbilt Plaza and the Third National Bank building (which has since been renamed the Fifth Third Center), both in downtown Nashville. He started American Constructors in 1979, which built Nashville's Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, the Schermerhorn Symphony Center and the Wildhorse Saloon.
Politics.
During the 1976 Republican presidential primaries, Rodgers was an early supporter of Ronald Reagan's unsuccessful effort against President Gerald Ford and was finance chairman for Reagan's Tennessee primary campaign. He served as the Republican National Committee's finance chairman from 1978 to 1980, raising $75 million during his tenure. After Reagan was elected President in 1980, he named Rodgers to serve on the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board. In 1984, building on his continued efforts raising funds for Republican candidates, he was the finance chief for Reagan's 1984 re-election campaign.
Ambassador to France.
In recognition of his efforts, Reagan named him in 1985 to a four-year term as the United States Ambassador to France. Rodgers had never been a diplomat and spoke no French, and spent six hours a day for a four-month period studying the language. Rodgers undertook a fundraising campaign to collect $500,000 to be used towards fixing up the ambassador's residence, raising $100,000 towards this goal by September 1985 after writing to 250 U.S. companies for donations. He and his wife resided in the official residence in Paris, where they would serve GooGoo Clusters, a hometown Nashville delicacy, to their diplomatic guests.
Rodgers accompanied President of France François Mitterrand on a Seine riverboat ride to the Île aux Cygnes where they unveiled a renovated replica of the Statue of Liberty, as part of ceremonies marking the centennial of the French gift to the United States. Rodgers represented the United States at ceremonies on June 6, 1986 to mark the 42nd anniversary of the Normandy Landings.
Mitterrand recognized Rodgers with the rank of Grand Officier of the Legion of Honor.
Personal.
In 1987, Rodgers was described by "The New York Times" as "a leading candidate to head the Department of Commerce" to succeed Malcolm Baldrige, Jr., a post that ultimately went to William Verity Jr.
Rodgers was named to serve as chairman and acting CEO of Berlitz International, following the mysterious death of former part-owner Robert Maxwell in 1991. He also served as a director of several major corporations and was active in a number of local civic, charitable and religious organizations.
He was fundraising co-chair for Fred Thompson's 2008 presidential campaign bid.
Rodgers died at age 75 on February 2, 2009 of cancer. He was survived by his wife, Helen Martin "Honey" Rodgers, to whom he had been married for 52 years, as well as a daughter, a son and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21399347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399347" title="Cross-filing">
Cross-filing

In American politics, cross-filing (similar to the concept of electoral fusion) occurs when a candidate runs in the primary election of not only his own party, but also that of one or more other parties, generally in the hope of reducing or eliminating his competition at the general election. It was in effect in California from 1913 to 1959, when it was abolished, and has been used in other states, most significantly in New York and New Hampshire, where it is still in effect.
In New York the main candidates are usually the Democratic and Republican nominees, and the support of various minor parties is demonstrated by winning their nomination as well. For example, Republican nominees often attempt to win the nomination of the Conservative Party of New York as well. One rare exception was in 1944, where New York Congressman Vito Marcantonio was successful in winning both the Republican and Democratic Party primaries, assuring his re-election.
Cross-filing in California elections, 1913-1959.
In 1909, California introduced the direct primary election in its elections. The state's requirement that candidates in primary elections certify that they had supported a particular party in the previous general election was struck down by the California Supreme Court in 1909, in a case involving the Socialist Party of America. While the California State Legislature attempted to institute a looser test in 1911, by 1913, there was no longer any restriction on candidates filing in multiple primaries. The cross-filing provision was added to a previously debated primary bill by members of the administration of Governor Hiram Johnson, who had previously run (on separate occasions) as a Republican and with the Progressive Party.
In 1917 and 1919, the legislature barred a candidate who lost his own party's nomination from running as a member of any other party, and allowed the state committee of the affected party to fill any vacancies on their ticket. In combination with statutes that placed the incumbent first on the ballot and designated him by his title, these ballot rules gave a heavy advantage to incumbents.
In 1946, Governor Earl Warren, eight other state officials, twelve of the state's twenty-three U.S. representatives, and approximately three-quarters of incumbent state legislators seeking re-election were elected by winning both major primaries through cross-filing. In 1948, US Representative Richard Nixon, facing no Republican primary opponent, cross-filed and defeated Stephen Zetterberg in the Democratic primary . 
In 1952, incumbent Republican US Senator William Knowland won the nomination of both parties. This marked the low point of post-war Democratic political fortunes in California, and brought into sharp focus the results of cross-filing. Though the majority of California voters were registered Democrats, there had only been one Democratic Governor in the 20th century, and Republicans held majorities in both houses of the Legislature and 111 of the 162 elective partisan offices in the state.
That same year, the Democrats, with funding from oil millionaire Edwin Pauley, filed a ballot initiative to abolish cross-filing. In an attempt to defeat this initiative, the Republican-controlled legislature proposed a competing measure, retaining cross-filing, but requiring candidates to list their party affiiation on all ballots. The Democratic initiative was defeated and the Republican measure won. But thereafter, Republicans running in a Democratic primary would be labeled Republican – a great disadvantage in Democratic districts. This marked the beginning of the end of cross-filing.
1952 also saw the national defeat of Democratic presidential nominee Adlai Stevenson II. After the election, Stevenson enthusiasts, most of whom were volunteer activists rather than professional politicians, formed the California Democratic Council (CDC). The CDC was a grassroots organization of Democratic clubs, intended to prevent the Republicans from continuing to exploit cross-filing.
Cross-filing was finally abolished in California in 1959, after the Democrats swept to power in the 1958 election, with Pat Brown becoming the first Democratic Governor since 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="21399350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399350" title="Lars Sigurd Björkström">
Lars Sigurd Björkström

Lars Sigurd Björkström (born on 19 November 1943) is a Swedish-born Brazilian sailor and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow and won a gold medal in the Tornado class.

</doc>
<doc id="21399389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399389" title="Drug trade">
Drug trade

Drug trade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21399403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399403" title="152nd meridian west">
152nd meridian west

The meridian 152° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 152nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 28th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 152nd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21399419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399419" title="Monte Carlo (composer)">
Monte Carlo (composer)

Hans von Holstein, better known as Monte Carlo (14 July 1883 — 9 June 1967), was a Danish-born Broadway composer and author.
Life.
Von Holstein was born in Skamlingsbanken, Gravenstein, Denmark, on 14 July 1883.
He came to the U.S. in 1906 to avoid studying medicine. He changed his name to Hans Carlo, and soon began using Monte Carlo as his name. He became a naturalized US citizen in 1914. He received pre-medical training in Chicago, with songwriting as chief avocation. He started writing music with Alma Sanders, whom he met at Jerome H. Remick's music publishing firm. She eventually became his wife. They collaborated on a number of shows and a large number of songs. He joined the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers in 1923.
In 1930, he was living with his wife at 10 Williams Avenue in Mount Vernon, New York. In 1942, he was living at 145 West 55th Street, New York.
After the death of his wife in 1956, he moved to Houston, Texas. There he became vice-president of Carsen Music Publishing, founded by his step-son, Edward C. Benjamin Sr. He died in Houston on June 9, 1967.
Songs with music or lyrics by Monte Carlo.
"Little Town in the old County Down"
"Dinny Danny; The Irish Yacki Hula"
"That Tumble-Down Shack in Athlone"
"Every Tear Is a Smile in an Irishman's Heart"
"By the waters of Killarney"
"Just a bit of Irish lace"
"Two Blue Eyes, One Little Green Isle"
"My Home in the County Mayo"
"The Hills of Connemara"
"The Old Wooden Bridge in Athlone"
Several songs became very popular after being recorded by John McCormack in the early 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="21399453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399453" title="Standish O'Grady, 2nd Viscount Guillamore">
Standish O'Grady, 2nd Viscount Guillamore

Standish Darby O'Grady, 2nd Viscount Guillamore (26 Dec 1792 – 22 July 1848) from Cahir Guillamore, County Limerick, was an Anglo-Irish politician and British Army officer.
He was a lieutenant in the 7th Hussars at the Battle of Waterloo. On 17 June 1815, he had command of the troop of the 7th Hussars on the high road from Genappe to Quatre Bras. The regiment was covering the British march from Quatre Bras to Waterloo. Sir William Dörnberg left O'Grady outside the town on the Quatre Bras road to hold in check the advancing French cavalry while the main body of the regiment proceeded in file across the narrow bridge of Genappe and up the steep street of the town. O'Grady advanced at the head of his troops as soon as the French appeared, and presented so bold a front that, after a time, they retired. When they were out of sight, he crossed the bridge at the entrance of Genappe. He took his troop at a gallop through the town, rejoining Sir William Dörnberg, who had drawn up the main body of the regiment on the sloping road at the Waterloo end of Genappe. A severe cavalry combat ensued when the French lancers reached the top of the town, in which O'Grady's regiment made a gallant charge, with considerable loss. 
At Waterloo. he was stationed on the ground above Hougoumont on the British right. He wrote in a letter to his father just after the battle: The 7th had an opportunity of showing what they could do if they got fair play. We charged twelve or fourteen times, and once cut off a squadron of cuirassiers, every man of whom we killed on the spot except the two officers and one Marshal de Logis, whom I sent to the rear. Two letters of his to Captain William Siborne, describing the movements of his regiments on 17 and 18 June 1815, are printed in "Waterloo Letters", edited by Major-General H. T. Siborne (London, 1891, pp. 130–6). 
He was elected in 1820 as Member of Parliament for County Limerick, and held the seat until 1826. He was re-elected in February 1830, but in May his name was struck from the electoral return and replaced with that of James Dawson. O'Grady was re-elected in August 1830, and served until 1835.
He succeeded to the peerage as Viscount Guillamore on 21 April 1840 on the death of his father, the 1st Viscount. 
He married Gertrude Jane Paget (d. 1871), daughter of the Hon. Berkeley Paget and niece of Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey. Their children were Standish, third viscount (1832–1860); Paget Standish, fourth viscount (1838–1877); Hardress Standish, fifth viscount (b. 1841); and others.

</doc>
<doc id="21399484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399484" title="Flint S. Schulhofer">
Flint S. Schulhofer

Flint S. "Scotty" Schulhofer (May 30, 1926 - December 14, 2006) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse trainer.
Early life.
Schulhofer was born into a racing family in Aiken, South Carolina, where his father owned a racing stable as well as a riding academy. While in his teens, he worked for trainer Oleg Dubassoff before serving overseas with the United States Army infantry during World War II. At war's end, he studied for two years at The Citadel in Charleston, South Carolina. Enrolled in a premed program, he did not pursue his education further, preferring to return to the horse racing industry. 
Training career.
In 1962, Schulhofer saddled his first winner at Aqueduct Racetrack. He went on to win another 1,118 races, including two Breeders' Cup races, and the Belmont Stakes Classic, twice. 
Retirement.
Schulhofer retired from training in 2002 but remained active within the industry as a breeder. He was living in Hollywood, Florida at the time of his death on December 14, 2006. He is buried in Aiken, South Carolina.
His son, Randy Schulhofer, is also a Thoroughbred trainer.
Honors.
Schulhofer was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21399493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399493" title="Weston Centre (San Antonio)">
Weston Centre (San Antonio)

The Weston Centre is a 32-story modern-styled skyscraper in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA. Standing at a structural height of 444 feet (135 m), it is the third tallest skyscraper in San Antonio and the city's tallest office building.
History.
The building was originally called "NBC Bank Plaza", and is faced with Texas granite and limestone. The city's riverwalk passes directly to the east of the building. The building and adjacent garages were completed at a cost of $80.9 million, at the time the most expensive commercial project San Antonio had ever seen.

</doc>
<doc id="21399519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399519" title="Berthil ter Avest">
Berthil ter Avest

Berthil ter Avest (born 19 November 1970 in Wierden) is a retired Dutch football player. In addition to Dutch teams, he also played in the Bundesliga for Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21399547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399547" title="151st meridian west">
151st meridian west

The meridian 151° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 151st meridian west forms a great circle with the 29th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 151st meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21399554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399554" title="Nanobama">
Nanobama

Nanobama is the name of microminiature portraits of United States President Barack Obama.
To celebrate the election of Obama and to draw attention to the growing capabilities of nanotechnology, Professor John Hart of University of Michigan's Mechanical Engineering department created the world's smallest presidential portrait, measuring 500 μm across (about the size of a period in the average printed text).
The portrait is composed of some 150 million carbon nanotubes. Hart actually created the portraits before the election's outcome was known, and he let the secret out to the world in early November 2008.
There are several "Nanobamas" extant, but they all reside on a silicon wafer in the professor's office.

</doc>
<doc id="21399572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399572" title="Congregation Berith Sholom">
Congregation Berith Sholom

Congregation Berith Sholom (Covenant of Peace) is a synagogue in Troy, New York. The synagogue is the oldest continuously used synagogue in the state of New York, the second oldest house of worship in the state outside of the city of New York, and one of the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.
History.
The congregation was formally founded in 1866 by members of two other congregations, its name was originally spelled Baris Sholem. The building, which is still in use, was built in the summer of 1870, and finished in time for the High Holy Days. Reform ritual was adopted around 1890 and the congregation joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1920. Around 1953 an addition was built to house the religious school. The building is part of the Central Troy Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="21399583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399583" title="José Luis Ballester (sailor)">
José Luis Ballester (sailor)

José Luis Ballester (born 17 August 1968) is a Spanish sailor and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and won a gold medal in the Tornado class.

</doc>
<doc id="21399605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399605" title="Samira Jassim">
Samira Jassim

Samira Ahmed Jassim al-Azzawi or Samira Jassam (born 1958), also known as Um al-Mumenin, "the mother of the believers", is alleged to have worked with Sunni militants from the Ansar al-Sunnah group in Diyala province.
Jassim has been detained by Iraqi security forces since 21 January 2009. She is alleged to have admitted, in an apparent video confession, that she identified and recruited potential suicide bombers and helped them carry out missions. Additionally, Jassim confessed, in an interview with the Associated Press, how she and insurgents used rape as a "tool" to recruit women suicide bombers—"shamed" rape victims are alleged to have been persuaded to "redeem themselves through suicide attacks".

</doc>
<doc id="21399613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399613" title="Adam Fetterman">
Adam Fetterman

Adam Fetterman is a Port St. Lucie, Florida, attorney and Democratic politician who served as the representative for District 81 of the Florida House of Representatives. He was first elected to the Florida House in 2008.
Representative Fetterman was born in New Rochelle, New York, on October 16, 1970, and moved to Florida in 1973. He graduated from Palm Beach Gardens High School. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in anthropology at Brandeis University in 1992 and his Juris Doctorate from the University of Miami Law School in 1998. He married Mindi J. Fetterman the following year in North Carolina and opened a law practice there. Some time later, he moved his family and practice back to Florida. In 2006, he became the General Counsel for the St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office. In 2008, he defeated Michael DiTerlizzi after winning the August Democratic primary against Bill Ramos.
Fetterman was defeated in his bid for re-election in 2010 by Gayle Harrel. In 2012, he filed to run for the Florida House of Representatives for District 84.

</doc>
<doc id="21399620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399620" title="Marcel Lehoux">
Marcel Lehoux

Marcel Lehoux (3 April 1888 – 19 July 1936) was a French racing driver and businessman.
Lehoux was born in Vendée in France. His racing career was built on the back of his successful trading company that operated in French Algeria. He placed second at the Grand Prix de la Marne at Reims in 1929, behind Zenelli and ahead of his friend, Philippe Étancelin, making a Bugatti sweep of the podium. At the 1930 Algerian Grand Prix, he followed Étancelin home to second. In 1931, he shared a Bugatti with Étancelin for both the Italian and French "Grands Prix", events of 10 hours duration, run to "Formula Libre" rules; the duo dropped out both times. He would later race for Bugatti and Scuderia Ferrari racing teams.
Lehoux died after a collision in the 1936 Deauville "Grand Prix".

</doc>
<doc id="21399630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399630" title="Lupu Bridge Station">
Lupu Bridge Station

Lupu Bridge () is the name of a station on Line 13 of the Shanghai Metro.
It will open with the rest of Line 13 in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21399641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399641" title="Dave Wiggett">
Dave Wiggett

David "Dave" Wiggett (25 May 1957 – 23 March 1978) was an English footballer who played for Lincoln City and Hartlepool United before losing his life in a car crash.
Wiggett, a left-back, began his career at Graham Taylor's Lincoln City, making his first-team debut in 1974. He made only a handful of appearances for the Imps, and joined Hartlepool in October 1976, where he made his debut in a Division Four match against Colchester United. During his 18-month spell at Hartlepool, Wiggett played 60 matches for the club, and scored one goal. On 23 March 1978 Wiggett was killed in a car crash. He was a passenger in a car driven by his Hartlepool teammate Bob Newton.[http://www.nytimes.com/1981/08/01/sports/newton-of-tea-men-charged-in-hit-run.html][http://www.hartlepoolmail.co.uk/news/local/drink_shame_for_ex_pools_ace_newton_1_1023690] 
Two days after the crash, a minute of silence was observed before Hartlepool's away match against arch-rivals Darlington. Allegedly, sections of the Darlington crowd chanted throughout the minute of silence, and what followed was a very bad-tempered match Hartlepool eventually won 2-1. Following the match, Hartlepool manager Billy Horner, himself a former Darlington player, called the offending Darlo fans "a disgrace to their club, their town, and the human race".

</doc>
<doc id="21399644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399644" title="Stéphane Stassin">
Stéphane Stassin

Stéphane Stassin (born 8 October 1976 in Braine-le-Comte) is a Belgian football player, who plays for R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne.
Career.
He played for 2 seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21399663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399663" title="Changqing Road Station">
Changqing Road Station

Changqing Road Station () is a station on Line 7 of the Shanghai Metro. It opened in December 2009.
The station is located near the junction of Changqing Road and Yaohua Road, just outside of the Shanghai Expo 2010 zone. It was one of the stations serving the Expo. The Line 13 section of the station, although completed, was reserved for special uses during the Expo and is not open for public use yet.

</doc>
<doc id="21399668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399668" title="1937 Detroit Lions season">
1937 Detroit Lions season

The 1937 Detroit Lions season was their eighth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 8–4, winning only seven games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="21399673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399673" title="149th meridian west">
149th meridian west

The meridian 149° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 149th meridian west forms a great circle with the 31st meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 149th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21399677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399677" title="Christophe Béchu">
Christophe Béchu

Christophe Béchu (born 11 June 1974 in Angers, Maine-et-Loire) is a French politician, President of the General Council of the Maine-et-Loire department since 2004 and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election to 2011 for the West France constituency. A former member of DL, he is now a member of the leading centre-right Union for a Popular Movement.
He has represented the Canton of Angers-Nord-Ouest since 2001, and was re-elected there during the French cantonal elections, 2008. However, he was narrowly defeated by the incumbent PS mayor of Angers, Jean-Claude Antonini, in the 2008 municipal elections.
In 2009, the UMP selected him to lead the UMP list in the West constituency ahead of the 2009 European elections. He was elected to the European Parliament as a result. His list won 27.16% of the vote and three MEPs. He resigned in January 2011. He losted the regional election of 2010 to become president of Pays-de-la-Loire region, but was elected regional councillor. In September 2011, he was elected senator of Maine-et-Loire, he resigns from regional council of Pays-de-Loire.
During the French municipal elections, 2014, he competes against Frédéric Béatse and becomes the new mayor of Angers on April 30, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21399689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399689" title="Southern Management Association">
Southern Management Association

The Southern Management Association (SMA) is a regional affiliate of the Academy of Management [http://www.aomonline.org. It is an academic association with a stated primary purpose to advance the teaching, learning, research, and practice of management. As of 2007, membership was over 900 professors of management, doctoral students, and business executives drawing from over 200 universities and companies in 43 states as well as several foreign countries.
As an academic association, the SMA has deemed the development and dissemination of new ideas and approaches in the science of management as a critical objective. This is done through conferences, cultivation of professional networks and communities, and the maintenance of a database of critical skills and areas of expertise of their members. 
The SMA hosts an annual academic conference, publishes a semi-annual newsletter, provides employment placement services for members, and, along with SAGE publications, publishes the Journal of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="21399725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399725" title="William C. Woxlin">
William C. Woxlin

William C. Woxlin, SBA, BMS (full name Peder William Christopher Woxlin Chiappe Johansson, born on 21 January 1988) is a Swedish author, playwright, director, actor, academic & composer. He mostly creates music in the minimalist & synth genre. In late 2010, William C. Woxlin, became the editor-in-chief and board member at Dalarnas Författarförbund ("The Dalecarlean Authors Society of Sweden").
Career.
He started out as a solo pianist in 1994 (then 6 years old) playing at different events and later he started to take piano lessons. Later he became a part of Super Synth Farmacia, a group which made songs on computers and toy keyboards, later in 2002 they disbanded. He was also a member in a music collective called Borlange All-Stars. In 2006 Borlange All-Stars disbanded because they couldn't find anything more to express through their music. In 2008 he released his new solo album, "Reality After Midnight", after working with it for almost one year; it was later released on iTunes. The last single of the album, Devil May Care, featured Tess and was released on Spotify, 20 August 2009.
During 2009 Woxlin will take a hiatus from music and live performing. Instead he will finalize his first novel, "Ad Infinitum" ("working title"). At the end of 2013 Woxlin released his first collection of short stories.
About his work as a director he've commented that: ""As a director you have to dignify the playwrights’ script and also express your own artistic expression on the stage [...] and also not constrain the actors in their progress.""
Sywnthkrawft.
In 2005 Woxlin decided to create the band Sywnthkrawft together with Gustav Jacobsson, Viktor Jacobsson and Daniel Thyberg (who later left the group). Between 2005 and 2007, they released three albums and three singles.
Although their initial sound was ambient inspired, Sywnthkrawft soon switched to a more instrumental synthpop influenced sound. They gained some success with the single, "The Photographer's Exceptional Pictures for Body and Mind". On 8 March 2007, it debuted on #1 on the Swedish chart Dalatoppen and held its position for 7 weeks. Their last album, "Goodbye, Spaceblade (Re-recorded)", were released only weeks before they embarked on a hiatus even though a new album (SK3 - The Space Musical) were in production and planned for a 2008 release.
While never formally breaking up, after "Goodbye, Spaceblade (Re-recorded)", Woxlin decided to concentrate on his solo project. As time went by Woxlin increasingly dismissed the possibility of reforming the band.
Stage and writing career.
69 - Det Stora Svenska Rymdprojektet.
In 2007 he was announced to be the playwright and director for the Academic Student Theatre of Dalarna, His first major production was his musical called "" ("69: The Big Swedish Spaceproject - A true metamorphosis") and revolved around the moon landing, made in 1969. The musical featured Hans Villius as a narrator. "69: Det Stora Svenska Rymdprojektet - en riktig metamorfos" received positive reviews. One reviewer compared it to the works of the Swedish comedy group Galenskaparna & After Shave and wrote that the musical was ""insanely funny"". Beside the screenplay and directing Woxlin was also praised for his acting and singing skills.
Mannen som fanns överallt.
In February 2011, his first collection of haikupoems, "Mannen som fanns överallt", was released. The book received positive reviews and it was said that: ""he could be likened to a haikupoet with a good sense of portraying beauty in a tormented world"". As a poet he has been compared with Bruno K. Öijer.
Lite råare - känsliga människor undanbedes.
In 2013 he directed and acted in the comical revue Lite råare - känsliga människor undanbedes, written by Anders Nohrstedt. This is one of many collaborations between Nohrstedt and Woxlin, last time on a theatre production was in 2008 with Woxlins musical "69: Det Stora Svenska Rymdprojektet - en riktig metamorfos" where Nohrstedt played one of the main characters.
The production received positive reviews. One critic noted that the revue was 
provocative and addressed controversial issues such as politics, religion and the Fritzl case.
Out of Order.
In 2014 he directed the 1991 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy play Out of Order by Ray Cooney together with Linda Byman.
Lite råare 2 - gnälliga människor undanbedes.
In 2014 Woxlin will direct and star in Anders Nohrstedts new revue Lite råare 2 - gnälliga människor undanbedes. The new revue is following the same thematics as the last revue but is more surrealistic.
. This time the revue will address controversial themes like racism, domestic violence and pedophilia. In an interview Woxlin commented that: ""When you make jokes about these themes you can not be indelicate and you should have a purpose with it: why do we make jokes about this? Is it just because it is provocative or do we have a ulterior motive? I think this is important when you make jokes about themes that are considered to be taboo."" This is one of many collaborations between Nohrstedt and Woxlin. Woxlin concluded in the same interview that they work well together and are each other's Don Quixote and Sancho Panza.
Private life.
During 2010, William C. Woxlin finalized his thesis (bachelor's degree), in business and management, called ""Perspektiv på HR-arbete vid nedskärningar - en studie om effekter och handlingar, utifrån tre perspektiv, för den fortsatta överlevnaden"", receiving bachelor of science in business administration and management.
In an interview he said that he suffers from constant anxiety and ""all that includes."" 
Discography.
Solo.
Singles
EP

</doc>
<doc id="21399740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399740" title="Jouni Pellinen">
Jouni Pellinen

Jouni Pellinen (born 11 May 1983) is a Finnish freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline. He is a former alpine skier.
He made his World Cup debut in December 2005 in Kranjska Gora, and collected his first World Cup points in December 2006, with a 28th place in Super-G in Hinterstoder. He also competed at the 2007 World Championships.
In freestyle skiing he made his World Cup debut in January 2009 in St. Johann in Tirol, and collected his first World Cup points the same month, with a 5th place in Flaine and a twelfth place in Lake Placid.
He represents the sports club "Imatran Urheilijat".

</doc>
<doc id="21399742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399742" title="Dominique Riquet">
Dominique Riquet

Dominique Riquet (born 18 September 1946 in Valenciennes, Nord) is a French politician who is a Christian Democrat Member of the European Parliament and mayor of Valenciennes elected in the 2009 European election for the North-West constituency. He is a member of the Radical Party, a party affiliated with the Union for a Popular Movement.
In 2009, the UMP selected him to lead the UMP list in the North-West constituency ahead of the 2009 European elections. His list won 24.22% and he was easily elected to the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="21399776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399776" title="Green water snake">
Green water snake

The green water snake (Nerodia cyclopion) is a common species of nonvenomous natricine snake endemic to the southeastern United States.
Geographic range.
It is distributed from Florida westward to Louisiana, and northward through the Mississippi Valley into southern Illinois.
More precisely, it is found in southwestern Alabama, southeastern Arkansas, Florida, southeastern Georgia, southern Illinois, southwestern Indiana, western Kentucky, Louisiana, southern Mississippi, southeastern Missouri, southern South Carolina, western Tennessee, and southeastern Texas.
The type locality is New Orleans, Louisiana.
Description.
This species differs from all other North American water snakes by having one or more small scales under the eye, giving the appearance of a ring of small plates around the eye. 
These heavy-bodied snakes are dark green, olive, or brown dorsally. Ventrally, they are yellowish on the anterior third, and the on remainder they are dark brown with yellow or white semicircles. 
They average 76-140 cm (30-55 in.) in total length; record, 188 cm (74 in.) for a specimen of "N. c. floridana".
Habitat.
"N. cyclopion" prefers still waters such as bayous, lakes, marshes, ponds, sluggish streams, and swamps. It is sometimes found in brackish water.
Diet.
It preys upon crayfish, frogs, and fish.
Reproduction.
Green water snakes are ovoviviparous. Mating takes place on land in April. The young are born in July or August, and are about 25 cm (10 in.) long. Brood size varies from 7 to 101, depending on the size of the female. The females, which are larger than the males and have two more dorsal scale rows, may weigh over 4.1 kg (9 lbs.).

</doc>
<doc id="21399789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399789" title="Silicon Saxony">
Silicon Saxony

Silicon Saxony is a registered industry association of nearly 300 companies in the microelectronics and related sectors in Saxony, Germany, with around 40,000 employees. Many, but not all, of those firms are situated in the north of Dresden. 
With a name chosen referring to Silicon Valley, the area and the union — in many aspects — represent the last meaningful European center of microelectronics. Many of those firms have very research and capital intensive business models competing with subsidized global players, mainly from Asia.
Industrial fields.
The companies develop and produce computer calculation and memory chips or new materials and electronics for solar companies. The developed and produced small semiconductors chips are used in all kinds of cars, mobile phones, TV sets and so on.
History.
Even before Germany's reunification, Dresden was a major center of microelectronics in the Eastern bloc with 3,500 employees. While mechanical engineering, which has a long history in the south of eastern Germany, suffered after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the microelectronics industry was, with public help from the state, one of the first industrial sectors in Saxony to recover. Although having many more employees today than before 1990, the sector is constantly under pressure because South Korea in particular is very keen to attract the industry. Saxony and Germany are however bound to the competition laws of the European Union, but was able to keep and expand most of the research parts of the industry that it had started with. These parts are seen as successful, but also as very risky whenever a larger company has serious problems because the sector demands a high concentration of resources to succeed.
Scientific environment.
Dresden, as core-region of Silicon Saxony and yet without the headquarters of many of today's big companies, is nevertheless a very remarkable technology center with one large Technical University (German TU), ten other universities and most of all an unparalleled density of semi-public institutes of applied high-technologies in many fields (for example the Max Planck Society, Fraunhofer Society, Leibniz institutes, Helmholtz Association and other German academic elite institutions).

</doc>
<doc id="21399812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399812" title="148th meridian west">
148th meridian west

The meridian 148° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 148th meridian west forms a great circle with the 32nd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 148th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21399825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399825" title="Evan Richards">
Evan Richards

Evan Sloane Richards (23 January 1862 - 19 April 1931) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Swansea, captaining the club through three seasons during the 1880s. Richards' father was Member of Parliament for Ceredigion, Evan Matthew Richards.
Rugby career.
Richards first came to prominence within rugby as a club player for Swansea. Before being selected to represent the Welsh team, he was made captain of Swansea in the 1883/84 season. The next season Richards was capped for Wales in the opening game of the 1885 Home Nations Championship against England. Captained by Newport's Charlie Newman, Wales lost the match by three tries and Richards lost his place for the next game. 
Richards was again Swansea captain in the 1886/87 season, and was awarded his second and final Welsh cap in the Scottish game of the 1887 Home Nations Championship. Wales were beaten heavily in a one-sided game, and Richards lost his place to Edward Alexander. Richards would captain Swansea in the 1887/88 season, and during 1888, he refereed two matches in the New Zealand Māori's tour of Europe; the matches against Welsh clubs, Cardiff and Newport.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="21399829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399829" title="La teva decisió (Get a Life)">
La teva decisió (Get a Life)

"La teva decisió (Get a Life)" (Your decision (Get a Life)) is a song sung by Susanne Georgi and was the Andorran entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The song is performed in both Catalan and English. The song was composed by Rune Braager, Marcus Winther-John, Lene Dissing, Susanne and Pernille Georgi, with lyrics by Josep Roca Vila.
The song competed for Andorra in the first semi-final on 12 May 2009, performing seventh in the running order, following Armenia's Inga & Anush with "Jan Jan", and preceding Switzerland's Lovebugs with "The Highest Heights". It failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="21399833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399833" title="EnerWorks">
EnerWorks

EnerWorks Inc. is a North American solar thermal technology provider, which develops and manufactures renewable energy appliances for the residential, commercial and industrial markets. 
EnerWorks has installed 640 of its solar collectors at the Fletcher Business Park in Fletcher, N.C., providing solar thermal heating and cooling for the industrial/commercial warehouse and offices. As of February 2009, this is the world's largest solar heating and cooling installation. 
EnerWorks solar water heating appliances were the first to qualify for the USDOEs "Energy Star" residential water heater program. 

</doc>
<doc id="21399834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399834" title="Morro da Boa Vista">
Morro da Boa Vista

Morro da Boa Vista () is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina, the highest at Serra Geral and the third highest in Southern Brazil, after Pico Paraná and Pico Caratuva, at . The peak can get quite cold during winter, with the possibility of snowfall.

</doc>
<doc id="21399837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399837" title="Juha Haukkala">
Juha Haukkala

Juha Haukkala (born 28 June 1978) is a Finnish freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline.
He made his World Cup debut in February 2003 in Les Contamines, and collected his first World Cup points in January 2004, with a 25th place in Laax and a 22nd place in Spindleruv Mlyn. The next year he won a gold medal at the 2005 Winter Universiade and finished seventh at the 2005 World Championships. He placed among the top World Cup twenty for the first time in January 2006, with a fifteenth place in Les Contamines, and successively improved to fourteenth and eleventh before the season was over. He continued with decent placements in 2007, 2008 and 2009, with a fifth place from January 2008 in Kreischberg as his best result. He finished eleventh at the 2007 World Championships.
He was born in Seinäjoki, but resides in Helsinki where he works as a radiologist. He represents the sports club Seinäjoen Hiihtoseura.

</doc>
<doc id="21399838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399838" title="Nathan Luscombe">
Nathan Luscombe

Nathan John Luscombe (born 6 November 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for Celtic Nation F.C..
Career.
Born in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, Luscombe progressed through the Sunderland youth system and signed a professional contract on 1 July 2008. He made his first team debut on 4 February 2009 in an FA Cup fourth round tie against Blackburn Rovers, aged 19. He had a trial with Conference National club York City in November 2010, playing in a reserve team game against the Middlesbrough academy. He was amongst eight players to be released by Sunderland on 7 April 2011 and on 15 April he agreed to sign for League One side Hartlepool United on 1 July.
Perhaps Luscombe's finest moment in his career was defeating Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson in an episode of skill school on Soccer AM.
Luscombe came under scrutiny upon joining Hartlepool in 2011 after an image taken of the winger in pre-season training of the winger appearing overweight, after this Luscombe admitted that he was "embarrassed" by the image stating "I’ve always said I was ashamed when I came back. I was embarrassed to see a photo in one of the papers and I could have been a sumo wrestler, I was that big. It wasn’t the fact I couldn’t run, but it took me longer to get in shape where I could be at my best" and vowed to continue to lose weight with doing extra work in training.
He scored his first career goal in a 2-0 home win for Hartlepool against Exeter in September 2011. He made 13 league appearances at the end of his first season with Hartlepool.
Luscombe was excluded from Hartlepool's 2012 pre-season tour of Holland due to him returning to training overweight which left boss Neale Cooper "raging" and "unable to speak to him".
He was released by Hartlepool in May 2013
He is currently with Celtic Nation and played his first game for the Northern League side in a 1-1 draw at home to Bishop Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="21399852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399852" title="Via Hadriana">
Via Hadriana

The Via Hadriana was an ancient Roman road established by the emperor Hadrian, running from Antinopolis to the Red Sea at Berenike. It was finished in 137 AD. Traces of the road line were noted by Couyat (1910) and Murray (1925) who recorded the sites of several small mansios in the southern part of the road, but few in the north and none at all on the west-east stretch between Antinopolis and the coast. Many of these road stations had fortified watering points (hydreumata).
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21399854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399854" title="Cellared in Canada">
Cellared in Canada

Depending on the province in which it is produced, Cellared in Canada is a category of Canadian wine that is produced with varying quantities of foreign bulk wine and Canadian wine. These wines are often sold in government-run liquor stores in sections designated as "Canadian wine". In British Columbia, Cellared in Canada wine may be produced from 100 percent foreign content with grapes grown from Washington State, California, South Africa, Argentina and Chile. In Ontario, Cellared in Canada wine is allowed to be produced from a blend of no more than 60 percent foreign-sourced content. Within the 40 percent Ontario content, dilution with water is not allowed. The only indication of origin is found on the back of the bottle, with a term such as "Cellared in Canada from international and domestic wines". Other permitted terms are "Product of Canada" and "Vinted in Canada". 
In Ontario as of April 1, 2014, the wineries which existed prior to 1993 will be allowed to produce "International - Canadian blends" which contain no more than 75% foreign content (meaning that they in fact contain only 25% Ontario wine, which may be from labrusca varieties). Historically, this percentage has fluctuated wildly, due to periodic shortages and surpluses of Ontario grapes, and lobbying by both the grape growers and the producers.
Practice.
Under the "Cellared in Canada" label, Canadian wine producers can import pre-fermented grape must from grapes grown in other countries to produce wines under their own wine label. These wines are then designated as being made or "cellared" in Canada, even though they may contain no Canadian-grown grapes. The advantage to the producer is potentially lower production costs for imported grapes compared with locally grown Canadian grapes. Large wine-producing estates such as Peller Estates, Mission Hill Winery and Jackson-Triggs (owned by Constellation Brands) have made widespread use of this designation.
History.
The "Cellared in Canada" practice originated in the early years of the Canadian wine industry in the 1980s. During this period grape growers received incentives to pull out existing plantings of "Vitis labrusca" and replace them with "Vitis vinifera", which is more suitable for winemaking. The Canadian government granted permission to wine producers to import from foreign grape sources while they waited for the new "V. vinifera" plantings to mature and develop. Even as viticulture in Canada continued to expand, with more available sources of local grapes, the practice was permitted as a buffer against the financial impact of inclement weather that could devastate the local crop and cause shortages. Although the original rationale no longer holds true, the practice is still used by large wine companies.
Criticism.
In late 2009, local and international criticism of the "Cellared in Canada" practice emerged. Grape growers in Ontario began protesting the practice as a threat to their livelihood, claiming that thousands of tons of Canadian grapes were left rotting on the vine because producers were using imported grapes to make wine labeled as "Canadian". Wine producers who do not use the "Cellared in Canada" designation criticized the practice as tarnishing the reputation of Canadian wines and misleading consumers.
Producers and growers in Canada have petitioned the government for several changes, such as making the origin of grapes for "Cellared in Canada" wine clearer on the wine label and increasing the visibility of 100% Canadian wines produced by members of the Vintners Quality Alliance (VQA) in province-run liquor stores. As of August 2009, the stores of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) featured less than 2.5% Canadian wine produced by VQA members, with the vast majority of its wines produced under the "Cellared in Canada" designation. In LCBO stores, such wines are currently under signage which says "International Canadian Blends".
Wine producers who use the "Cellared in Canada" designation claim that it is a vital business component that allows them to compete in the "under $10" price category. An executive at Vincor International Inc., which is owned by Constellation Brands and produces wine in Canada under labels such as Jackson Triggs, has claimed that the "Cellared in Canada" practice is a necessity due to the country having too many grapes planted (producing a wine lake effect), with growers charging prices "too high" to be competitive in the market.

</doc>
<doc id="21399870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399870" title="Nyorai">
Nyorai

The Japanese word is the translation of the Sanskrit and Pali word "Tathagata", the term the historical Buddha used most often to refer to himself. Among his Japanese honorifics, it is the one expressing the highest degree of respect. Although originally applied only to Buddha himself, with the advent of Mahayana Buddhism Tathāgata (and therefore "Nyorai") came to be used for all those who have achieved enlightenment, entities which occupy the highest of the four ranks of the Japanese Buddhist pantheon. Their rank is accordingly called the .
Etymology.
The Buddhist honorific "Nyorai" is the Japanese translation of "Tathāgata", a Sanskrit and Pali compound word whose exact meaning is uncertain. It was widely used in Indian religions other than Brahmanism as a term of respect for religious figures of exceptional stature, but it ended up being used only by Buddhism. Sanskrit grammar offers two possibilities for breaking up the compound: either "tathā" (thusly) and "āgata" (come) or "tathā" (thusly) and "gata" (gone), and Buddhist commentaries offer as many as eight different interpretations of its meaning. The most widely accepted is “one who has thus (tathā) gone (gata)” or “one who has thus (tathā) come (āgata)”, signifying that Buddha himself was no more than one in a long series of persons in the past and future to achieve enlightenment, and teach others how to do the same.
In translating "Tathāgata" as "Nyorai", however, the interpretation made of the two components was slightly different. The first half was assumed to mean "reality as it is", and was translated with the "kanji" , which means roughly "as it is". The second ("āgata") was assumed to be simply the past tense of the verb "to come", and translated literally . The Japanese word's meaning is therefore "he who came from tathata (the ultimate nature of all things)" to lead human beings to salvation.
Alternative translations.
"Nyorai" is not the only existing Japanese translation of "tathāgata", as another was created based on a different interpretation of the original Indian term. If the compound word is interpreted as composed by "tathā", meaning "as it is", and "gata", meaning "gone", the translation is , an interpretation adopted by other strands of Buddhism, for example Tibetan Buddhism. In this case, the term means "he who has gone to "tathata"" through meditation and satori.
Important "Nyorai".
In Japanese the historical Buddha is called . Originally the honorific "Tathāgata" was used exclusively for Buddha himself however, with the advent of Mahayana Buddhism, it came to be applied to entities called buddhas which, like him, were men who had achieved enlightenment. Although strictly speaking buddhas are not gods, they are represented as if they were.
Buddhas in Japan are called "Nyorai" and they occupy the top of the four ranks of the Japanese Buddhist pantheon, called , literally "Nyorai category". The "Nyorai-bu" is followed in order by the "Bosatsu"-bu ("bodhisattva"), "Myōō"-bu (Wisdom Kings), and ten-bu (Deva). The most important "Nyorai" of the Japanese Buddhist pantheon (apart from the historical Buddha, Shaka Nyorai) are Amida Nyorai ("Amitābha"), Dainichi (or Birushanabutsu) Nyorai (Vairocana), and Yakushi Nyorai (Bhaisajyaguru). Other common Nyorai are Ashuku Nyorai (Akshobhya), Fukūjōju Nyorai (Amoghasiddhi), Hōshō Nyorai (Ratnasambhava), Miroku Nyorai (Maitreya), and Tahō Nyorai (Prabhutaratna). Although this category includes only Indian deities, because of the "honji suijaku" theory some were believed to have ties with Japanese "kami". Amaterasu for example was considered another appearance of Dainichi Nyorai.
Nyorai iconography in Japan.
Statues and portraits of a Nyorai are common in Japan, and a characteristic iconography makes them easy to recognize. Distinguishing one Nyorai from the other is however difficult, as most are externally almost identical, and differ just in details.
Statues of Shaka Nyorai can show him sitting, standing or lying down (entering nirvana).
The others can be standing or sitting. With the exception of Yakushi Nyorai, all statues are empty-handed and their fingers make a "mudra". To the contrary, Yakushi Nyorai's right hand always holds some object, either a sphere or a small jar, while the other makes a mudra. Dainichi Nyorai's hands make a characteristic mudra (the fingers of his left hand hold his right hand's index, see photo). Excepted Dainichi Nyorai, who is represented with some body ornamentation like a "bodhisattva", all statues wear just a simple robe without body ornamentation, signs of priesthood. This is because they represent someone who has reached enlightenment. The robe can cover one or both shoulders. The head has a round protuberance on top with the hair divided in tight curls. Both features are exclusive characteristics of this rank, but the curls can be missing.
The progressive idealization of the Buddhas brought to the attribution of non-human or superhuman characteristics. Consequently, a Nyorai's body must have 32 primary characteristics, among them webbed fingers, very long arms, long earlobes and a 3 meter aura, plus 80 minor ones. For practical reasons, only some, for example long earlobes, are actually present in any given statue.
Groups of statues.
Sometimes Nyorai statues can form a group, as in the case of the . Amida represents the past, Shaka the present, and Miroku the future.
The is a group of five important Nyorai, usually composed of Dainichi Nyorai, Amida Nyorai, Ashuku Nyorai, Hōshō Nyorai, and Fukūjōju Nyorai. They appear often, both as a group of statues and as painted figures in mandalas. Each Nyorai has a fixed position oriented in the cardinal direction he is traditionally associated with. Several different groupings of the Go-Dai-Nyorai are in use, but in all of them Dainichi Nyorai is in the center. The following is one of the most common.
Sometimes a group consists of a single Nyorai flanked by minor figures like "bosatsu" or "myōō". For example, in the , shown in the photo at the top of the page, Yakushi Nyorai is flanked by Nikkō Bosatsu and Gakkō Bosatsu, two deities one rank below him.

</doc>
<doc id="21399871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399871" title="Jim Cameron (politician)">
Jim Cameron (politician)

James Alexander "Jim" Cameron (9 November 1930 – 19 January 2002) was an Australian politician. He was born at Coraki in New South Wales,the son of blacksmith Donald Cameron and Joyce Betheras. In 1948, when he was eighteen years old, he joined the Liberal Party and became a staff member. He was press secretary to Liberal leaders Pat Morton and Robert Askin 1955 – 1959. On 16 March 1963, he married Helen Bicket, with whom he had two daughters and four sons.
In 1968, Cameron was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Northcott. In 1973, he was appointed Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, holding the position until 1976. He was Deputy Opposition Leader for five months in 1981. He left the Assembly in 1984 to contest the Legislative Council for Fred Nile's Call to Australia group, which later became the Christian Democratic Party. He was successful, but six months later was forced to resign after a serious heart attack. Marie Bignold was appointed as his replacement. Despite having been the only MLC to vote against the Human Tissues Bill, which included provision for heart transplants, he required one himself after his heart attack. Cameron died at Avoca Beach in 2002.
One of his sons, Ross Cameron, is a former Liberal Party of Australia member for the federal seat of Parramatta.

</doc>
<doc id="21399880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399880" title="Simon Jecl">
Simon Jecl

Simon Jecl (born 14 April 1986) is a Slovenian freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline.
He made his World Cup debut in January 2008 in Les Contamines, and collected his first World Cup points in January 2009, with a 27th place in St. Johann in Tirol.
He represents the sports club SD Vagabund.

</doc>
<doc id="21399889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399889" title="Brown water snake">
Brown water snake

The brown water snake ("Nerodia taxispilota") is a large species of natricine snake endemic to the southeastern United States. 
"Lycodonomorphus rufulus" is sometimes also called the brown water snake, but "L. rufulus" is found in South Africa.
Common Names.
Brown water snake, water-pilot, aspic, false moccasin, great water snake, pied water snake, southern water snake, water rattle, water rattler.
Geographic Range.
"Nerodia taxispilota" is found in lower coastal regions from southeastern Virginia, through North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, to northern and western Florida (Gulf Coast), then west through Missouri, Alabama and Mississippi, to Louisiana, normally from sea level to 500 ft. (150 m) elevation.
Description.
The brown water snake is very heavy-bodied, and its neck is distinctly narrower than its head. Dorsally it is brown or rusty brown with a row of about 25 black or dark brown square blotches down its back. Smaller similar blotches alternate on the sides. Ventrally it is yellow heavily marked with black or dark brown. Dorsal scales are in 27-33 rows (more than any other North American water snake), and it has 2-4 anterior temporals (usually 1 in others). Adults measure 30-60 in. (76–152 cm) in total length; record 69 in. (175 cm).
Habitat.
It is found in swamps and streams and is often mistaken for a venomous snake.
Reproduction.
"Nerodia taxispilota" is ovoviviparous. Mating takes place in the spring on land or on tree branches. On average adult females are larger than adult males. The young are born alive, usually in August, in broods of 14-58, more commonly 30-40. The newborns are 7-10¾ in. (18–27 cm) long, with males longer than females, opposite of adults.

</doc>
<doc id="21399950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399950" title="Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District">
Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District

The Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District is a small, rural school district located in the Southwestern portion of Somerset County, Pennsylvania. The school district serves the municipalities of Addison, Addison Township, Confluence, Lower Turkeyfoot Township and Ursina. It encompasses approximately 102 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 3,093. in 2009, the per capita income was $14,042 while the
median family income was $31,825. Per school district officials, in school year 2007-08 the Turkey Valley Area School District provided basic educational services to 399 pupils through the employment of 39 teachers, 3 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 2 administrators.
School District History.
In 1950, the jointure of the Addison Borough, Addison Township, Confluence Borough, Lower Turkeyfoot Township and Ursina Borough school districts were formed to create the Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District.TVASD History Page
Schools.
All students attend school in one building, which is called Turkeyfoot Valley Area School, located on State Route 523 in the village of Harnedsville. This Structure was built in 1956 and only housed grades 7-12 at the time, the 1956 brick, concrete and steel building was $658,584.22. In 1967, the new elementary building was added to the high school. The cost of construction was $864,876.22. The campus was renovated in 1996.
Grade Levels
Academic achievement.
Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District was ranked 482nd out of 493 Pennsylvania school districts in 2010 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on five years of student academic performance on the reading, writing, math and three years of science on the PSSAs.
In 2009, the academic achievement of the students of the Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District was in the 3rd percentile among 500 Pennsylvania school districts. Scale - (0-99; 100 is state best) 
Graduation rate.
In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Turkeyfoot Valley Area Junior Senior High School's rate was 92% for 2010.
According to traditional graduation rate calculations:
Turkeyfoot Valley Area Junior-Senior High School.
PSSA Results
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
Challenge Program.
The Challenge Program, Inc. offers $250.00 cash incentives to Turkeyfoot Valley Area Junior Senior High School juniors, and seniors who excel in the categories of: Academic Improvement, Attendance, Community Service and Academic Excellence. The program partners with businesses to motivate students both in and out of the classroom by encouraging good habits in students that will last throughout their education and into their future careers. For the 2010-2011 school year, the top 10% of students in each of the categories will be eligible to win $250.00.
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 13% of the Turkeyfoot Valley Area Junior Senior High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $4,863 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
The Turkeyfoot Valley Area School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 24 credits to graduate, including: Math 4 credits, English 4 credits, Social Studies 3 credits, Science 3 credits, Physical Education/Health 1 credit, Arts and Humanities 2 credits and 6 electives. Credits earned in Dual Enrollment count towards high school graduation. Additionally, students must earn either a proficient or advanced score in reading/language arts and math on the eleventh grade PSSA tests.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Culminating project guidelines include community service.
Beginning with the class of 2015, students must take the Keystone Exams in reading and math.
Eighth Grade.
Reading
Math:
Science:
Seventh Grade.
Reading:
Math:
Sixth Grade.
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
Fifth Grade.
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Fourth Grade.
4th Grade Reading:
4th Grade Math:
4th Grade Science:
Third Grade.
3rd Grade Reading:
3rd Grade Math:
Bullying policy.
In 2009, the administrative reported there were zero incidents of bullying in the district.
The Turkeyfoot Valley Area School Board prohibits bullying by district students and faculty. The policy defines bullying and cyberbullying. The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly, and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified. No reprisals or retaliation shall occur as a result of good faith reports of bullying. The board expects staff members to be responsible to maintain an educational environment free from all forms of bullying. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Special education.
In December 2009, the district administration reported that 65 pupils or 16.8% of the district's pupils received Special Education services.
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Department of Special Education.
Governance.
The school district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "F" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Budget.
In 2009, the district reported employing 46 teachers with a salary range of $31,000 to $65,000.
In 2007, the district employed 33 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $34,893 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, personal days, sick days, and other benefits.
Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $1,118.02 per pupil. This ranked 38th for per pupil administrative spending in the state. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The Pennsylvania School Boards Association keeps statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania. According to the association's report, the average salary for a superintendent for the 2007-08 school year was $122,165. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union. On July 1, 2010 the Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District approved the hiring of Ms. Darlene Pritt as Superintendent of the district at a salary of $85,000 for the first year.
In 2008, the district administration reported spending $12,946 per pupil which ranked 178th among Pennsylvania's 501 school districts.
In December 2009, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the administration and the school board. Teaching certificate irregularities were noted.
Reserves In 2008, the district reported a $474,016 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was reported as zero.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the person's wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2010-11 budget year, the Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District was allotted a 2.64% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $2,280,328. The highest increase in Somerset County was provided to North Star School District and Somerset Area School District both of which received a 2.82% increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The amount of increase each school district receives is set by the Governor and the Secretary of Education as a part of the state budget proposal given each February.
In the 2009-2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $2,221,630. Somerset Area School District got a 4.87%. The state Basic Education Funding to the district in 2008-09 was $2,187,068. Ninety Pennsylvania school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010-11 the district applied for and received $78,554 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District uses the funding to provide all-day kindergarten to 21 pupils and to provide teacher training to improve instruction.
Education Assistance grant.
The state's Education Assistance Program funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds are available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code. In 2010-11 the Turkeyfoot Valley Area District received $28,091.
School Improvement Grant.
Turkeyfoot Valley Area Junior Senior High School was approved for Transformation with a $898,000 School Improvement Grant. The Transformation model includes the use of rigorous, transparent, and equitable evaluation systems for teachers and principals, high-quality professional development and design and development of curriculum with teacher and principal involvement. Schools eligible for SIG included the lowest-performing Title I schools whose Adequate Yearly Progress status is School Improvement or Corrective Action, and Title I-eligible schools that are the lowest-achieving and have not made satisfactory progress on state assessments. Title I-eligible schools are those that have a high percentage of economically disadvantaged students.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The district received an extra $317,514 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding is for the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years.
According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 158 students qualified for free or reduced-price lunch due to low family income in 2008.
Race to the Top grant.
District officials applied for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided hundreds of thousands in additional federal dollars to improve student academic achievement. The district was identified as a "turnaround district" meaning it would receive $750 per pupil more than the base grant funding. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District did not apply in 2006-07. In 2007-08 the school received $60,790 and in 2008-09 it received $36,608 for a total of $97,398.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Turkeyfoot Valley Area School Board decided to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Enrollment and Consolidation.
The district's enrollment is in the bottom 5% in Pennsylvania.
A study was done in 2004, examining consolidating Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District with neighboring Rockwood Area School District. It was estimated that there would be nearly $700,000 in savings would be achieved. The study noted that consolidation could significantly decrease administrative costs for both communities while improving offerings to students. Consolidation of school district administrations does not require the consolidation of schools.
Over the next 10 years, rural Pennsylvania school enrollment is projected to decrease 8 percent. The most significant enrollment decline is projected to be in western Pennsylvania, where rural school districts may have a 16 percent decline. More than 40 percent of elementary schools and more than 60 percent of secondary schools in western Pennsylvania are projected to experience significant enrollment decreases (15 percent or greater). Statewide, there are 187 districts that are projected to have an enrollment decline of 15 percent or greater. Geographically, these districts are clustered in western Pennsylvania and in the state’s northern tier.
Pennsylvania has one of the highest numbers of school districts in the nation. In Pennsylvania, 80% of the school districts serve student populations under 5,000, and 40% serve less than 2,000. Less than 95 of Pennsylvania's 501 school districts have enrollment below 1250 students, in 2007.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2010-11 were set by the school board at 23.5000 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region.
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
2006-07 - 5.3%, Base 3.9%<br> 
2007-08 - 4.5%, Base 3.4%<br> 
2008-09 - 6.0%, Base 4.4%<br> 
2009-10 - 5.5%, Base 4.1%<br> 
2010-11 - 3.9%, Base 2.9%<br> 
2011-12 - 1.9%, Base 1.4%
The Turkeyfoot Valley Area School Board applied for several exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index for the budget in 2010-2011, including pension obligations, maintenance of local effort and employee health insurance costs. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District was $148 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 687 property owners applied for the tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Somerset County, 47% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. In Somerset County, the highest amount of tax relief in 2010, went to Shanksville-Stonycreek School District at $211. The highest property tax relief in Pennsylvania went to the residents of Chester Upland School District of Delaware County who received $632 per approved homestead. This was the third year they were the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently, individual with income much more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy. To be eligible for extracurricular activities a pupil must pursue a curriculum defined and approved by the principal as a full-time curriculum. When required, this curriculum or its equivalent must be approved by, and conform to, the regulations of the State Board of Education and the Pennsylvania School Code, P.I.A.A., as well as any local policies established by the local school board. The pupil must be passing the core academic areas. Eligibility shall be cumulative from the 15th day of school and reported on a weekly basis. In cases where a student’s cumulative work for those areas does not as of any Thursday meet the standards provided for in this section, he/she shall be ineligible from the immediately following Sunday through the following Saturday unless the tutorial program policies are followed.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
All student athletes must maintain a 2.0 overall grade point average to be eligible for games.
References.
1. National Data 
2.Turkeyfoot Valley Area School District Website
3.Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Information

</doc>
<doc id="21399955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399955" title="Niels Brinck">
Niels Brinck

Niels Brinck Kristensen (born September 24, 1974 in Aabyhøj) is a Danish singer and songwriter.
Brinck won the "Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 2009" with the song "Believe Again" which was written by Lars Halvor Jensen, Martin Larsson Moller and Ronan Keating. Brinck, representing Denmark, placed 13th in the finals of the "Eurovision Song Contest 2009" in Moscow, Russia on 16 May 2009.
Brinck is an English-language singer/songwriter from Denmark who made his solo album debut in 2008. Born Niels Brinck in 1974 in Åbyhøj, a suburb of Aarhus, Denmark, he enjoyed a year of breakout success in 2008, not only as a solo artist but also as a songwriter for others. His solo album debut, Brinck, was a Top Ten hit on the Danish albums chart. Released on Copenhagen Records, the self-titled album includes the Top 20 hit single "I Don't Wanna Love Her" as well as the Top 40 hit single "In the End I Started," a duet with Swedish singer Maria Marcus that was the theme song for the second season of the internationally popular television crime series Anna Pihl. Also in 2008 Brinck was credited with writing "The 1," a chart-topping smash hit for pop singer Martin, a 15-year-old national sensation who won the inaugural season of the Danish version of the internationally popular television show The X Factor. In 2008, he helped write and perform the songs "Face Me" and "Gravity Hurts" as a part of Cryoshell for the Bionicle franchise.
He will release his second album in 2013. "The Heights" is the first single.

</doc>
<doc id="21399957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399957" title="Zdeněk Šafář">
Zdeněk Šafář

Zdeněk Šafář (born 27 July 1978) is a Czech freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline.
He made his World Cup debut in March 2003 in Les Contamines, and collected his first World Cup points in January 2004, with a thirteenth place in Pozza di Fassa. The next year he won finished ninth at the 2005 Winter Universiade and placed among the top World Cup ten for the first time, with a fifteenth place in Les Contamines. He has performed consistently since, with the 2006–07 season as his best, finishing among the top ten in two of the three races he competed in. He has competed at the 2005 and 2007 World Championships.
He participated in the 2010 Olympics in the men's skicross competition, but crashed in qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="21399966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399966" title="Land reform in Ethiopia">
Land reform in Ethiopia

The problem of Land reform in Ethiopia has hampered that country's economic development throughout the late 19th and 20th centuries. Attempts to modernize land ownership by giving title either to the peasants who till the soil, or to large-scale farming programs, have been tried under imperial rulers like Emperor Haile Selassie, and under Marxist regimes like the Derg, with mixed results. The present Constitution of Ethiopia, which was put into force January 1995, vests land ownership exclusively "in the State and in the
peoples of Ethiopia." The relevant section continues, "Land is a common property of the Nations, Nationalities and Peoples of Ethiopia and shall not be subject to sale or to other means of exchange." Despite these different approaches to land reform, Ethiopia still faces issues of sustainable food self-sufficiency.
Background.
Prior to the 1974 Ethiopian Revolution, Ethiopia had a complex land tenure system. In Wollo Province, for example, there were an estimated 111 types of land tenure. The existence of so many land tenure systems, coupled with the lack of reliable data, has made it difficult to give a comprehensive assessment of landownership in Ethiopia. However, the tenure system can be understood in a rudimentary way if one examines it in the context of the basic distinction between landownership patterns in the north and those in the south.
Historically, Ethiopia was divided into the northern highlands, which constituted the core of the old Christian kingdom, and the southern highlands, most of which were brought under imperial rule by conquest. This north-south distinction was reflected in land tenure differences. In the northern regions—particularly Gojjam, Begemder and Semien (called Gondar after 1974), Tigray, highland Eritrea, parts of Wollo, and northern Shewa—the major form of ownership was a type of communal system known as "rist". According to this system, all descendants (both male and female) of an individual founder were entitled to a share, and individuals had the right to use (a usufruct right) a plot of family land. "Rist" was hereditary, inalienable, and inviolable. No user of any piece of land could sell his or her share outside the family or mortgage or bequeath his or her share as a gift, as the land belonged not to the individual but to the descent group. Most peasants in the northern highlands held at least some "rist" land, but there were some members belonging to minority ethnic groups who were tenant farmers.
The other major form of tenure was "gult", an ownership right acquired from the monarch or from provincial rulers who were empowered to make land grants. "Gult" owners collected tribute from the peasantry and, until 1966 (when "gult" rights were abolished in principle), exacted labor service as payment in kind from the peasants. Until the government instituted salaries in the twentieth century, "gult" rights were the typical form of compensation for an official.
Other forms of tenure included "samon", "mengist", and "maderia" land. "Samon" was land the government had granted to the Ethiopian Orthodox Church in perpetuity. Traditionally, the church had claimed about one-third of Ethiopia's land; however, actual ownership probably never reached this figure. Estimates of church holdings range from 10 - 20% of the country's cultivated land. Peasants who worked on church land paid tribute to the church (or monastery) rather than to the emperor. The state owned large tracts of agricultural land known as "mengist" and "maderia". "Mengist" was land registered as government property, and "maderia" was land granted mainly to government officials, war veterans, and other patriots in lieu of a pension or salary. Although it granted "maderia" land for life, the state possessed a reversionary right over all land grants; this form of tenure comprised about 12% of the country's agricultural land. "Maderia" tenure became a far more common following the Second World War, as Emperor Haile Selassie used it to reward the "arbegnoch" (or "Patriots") who had fought the Italian occupiers.
In general, absentee landlordism in the north was rare, and landless tenants were few. For instance, tenancy in Begemder and Semien and in Gojjam was estimated at about 20% of holdings. In the southern provinces, however, few farmers owned the land on which they worked. Southern landownership patterns developed as a result of land measurement and land grants following the Ethiopian conquest of the region in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. After the conquest, officials divided southern land equally among the state, the church, and the indigenous population. Warlords who administered the occupied regions received the state's share. They, in turn, redistributed part of their share to their officers and soldiers. The government distributed the church's share among the church hierarchy in the same manner. Officials divided the rest between the traditional leaders (balabats) and the indigenous people. Thus, the loss of two-thirds of the land to the new landlords and the church made many local people tenants (gebbars). Tenancy in the southern provinces ranged between 65% and 80% of the holdings, and tenant payments to landowners averaged as high as 50% of the produce.
In the lowland periphery and the Great Rift Valley, the traditional practice of transhumance and the allocation of pastoral land according to tribal custom remained undisturbed until after World War II. These two areas are inhabited by pastoralists, including the Afar and Issa in eastern Eritrea, Wollo, and Hararghe; the Somali in the Ogaden; the Borana in Sidamo and Bale; and the Karayu in the Great Rift Valley area of Shewa. The pastoral social structure is based on a kinship system with strong interclan connections; grazing and water rights are regulated by custom.
Landownership under Haile Selassie up to the Revolution.
Until the 1950s, this pastoral life remained largely undisturbed by the highlanders, who intensely disliked the hot and humid lowland climate and feared malaria. Beginning in the 1950s, however, the malaria eradication programs made irrigation agriculture in these areas possible. The government's desire to promote such agriculture, combined with its policy of creating new tax revenues, put pressure on many pastoralists, especially the Afar and the Arsi Oromo. Major concessionaires, such as the Tendaho Cotton Plantation (managed until the 1974 revolution by the British firm Mitchell Cotts) and the Wonji Sugar Plantation (managed by HVA, a Dutch company), was granted large tracts of traditional Afar and Arsi grazing land and converted them into large-scale commercial farms. The loss of grazing land to these concessions significantly affected traditional migration patterns for grazing and water.
In the northern and southern parts of Ethiopia, peasant farmers lacked the means to improve production because of the fragmentation of holdings, a lack of credit, and the absence of modern facilities. Particularly in the south, the insecurity of tenure and high rents killed the peasants' incentive to improve production. Further, those attempts by the Imperial government to improve the peasant's title to their land were often met with suspicion. One example was the 1968 Gojjam revolt, where the peasants successfully resisted government efforts to survey their lands, believing that it would increase the taxes levied by local corrupt officials.
By the mid-1960s, many sectors of Ethiopian society favored land reform. University students led the land reform movement and campaigned against the government's reluctance to introduce land reform programs and the lack of commitment to integrated rural development. By 1974 it was clear that the archaic land tenure system was one of the major factors responsible for the backward condition of Ethiopia's agriculture and the onset of the revolution. On March 4, 1975, the Derg announced its land reform program. The government nationalized rural land without compensation, abolished tenancy, forbade the hiring of wage labor on private farms, ordered all commercial farms to remain under state control, and granted each peasant family so-called "possessing rights" to a plot of land not to exceed ten hectares. The Ethiopian Church lost all its land, and its clergy and lay people had to rely on stipends from the Derg to live.
Tenant farmers in southern Ethiopia, where the average tenancy was as high as 55% and rural elites exploited farmers, welcomed the land reform. But in the northern highlands, where "rist" tenures dominated and large holdings and tenancy were exceptions, many people resisted land reform. Despite the special provision for communal areas (Article 19 of the proclamation gave peasants in the communal areas "possessing rights" to the land they were tilling at the time of the proclamation) and the Derg's efforts to reassure farmers that land reform would not affect them negatively, northerners remained suspicious of the new government's intentions. The reform held no promise of gain for most northerners; rather, many northern farmers perceived land reform as an attack on their rights to "rist" land. Resistance intensified when "Zemecha" members campaigned for collectivization of land and oxen.
Land reform had the least impact on the lowland peripheries, where nomads traditionally maintained their claims over grazing lands. The new proclamation gave them rights of possession to land they used for grazing. Therefore, the nomads did not perceive the new program as a threat. However, in the Afar area of the lower Awash Valley, where large-scale commercial estates had thrived, there was opposition to land reform, led mainly by tribal leaders (and large landowners), such as Alimirah Hanfadhe the Sultan of Aussa.
The land reform destroyed the feudal order; changed landowning patterns, particularly in the south, in favor of peasants and small landowners; and provided the opportunity for peasants to participate in local matters by permitting them to form associations. However, problems associated with declining agricultural productivity and poor farming techniques still were prevalent.
Government attempts to implement land reform also created problems related to land fragmentation, insecurity of tenure and former tenants, and shortages of farm inputs and tools. Peasant associations often were periodically compelled to redistribute land to accommodate young families or new households moving into their area. The process meant not only smaller farms but also the fragmentation of holdings, which were often scattered into small plots to give families land of comparable quality. Consequently, individual holdings were frequently far smaller than the permitted maximum allotment of ten hectares. A 1979 study showed that around Addis Ababa individual holdings ranged from 1.0 to 1.6 hectares and that about 48 percent of the parcels were less than one-fourth of a hectare in size. Another study, of Dejen "awraja" (subregion) in Gojjam, found that land fragmentation had been exacerbated since the revolution. For example, during the pre-reform period, sixty-one out of 200 farmer respondents owned three or four parcels of land; after the reform, the corresponding number was 135 farmers.
The insecurity of the tenants was the most prevalent problem especially in areas where few strong landlords dominate both the political and economic environments of the region. In some areas such as Gojam and Begemidir (later called Gondar), where there was strongholds of Orthodox Church and royal landlords,the tenants who got plots of land were attacked by the landlord families. Those tenants who got new farmlands were secretly submitting gifts to landlord family and the church until some measurements were taken by the regime. Some farmers such as handcraft workers who fear the hidden bitter hands of the former landlords fled to the nearby towns;others made a deal with their former landlords and employers.
The second problem related to security of tenure, which was threatened by increasing pressure to redistribute land and to collectivize farms. Many peasants were reluctant to improve their land because they were afraid that they would not receive adequate compensation for upgrades. The third problem developed as a result of the military government's failure to provide farmers with basic items like seeds, oxen, and fertilizer. For instance, one study of four communities in different parts of Ethiopia found that up to 50 percent of the peasants in some areas lacked oxen and about 40 percent did not have plows.
Government Rural Programs.
In 1984 the founding congress of the Workers' Party of Ethiopia emphasized the need for a coordinated strategy based on socialist principles to accelerate agricultural development. To implement this strategy, the government relied on peasant associations and rural development, cooperatives and state farms, resettlement and villagization, increased food production, and a new marketing policy.
Peasant Associations and Rural Development.
Articles 8 and 10 of the 1975 Land Reform Proclamation required that peasants be organized into a hierarchy of associations that would facilitate the implementation of rural development programs and policies. Accordingly, after the land reform announcement, the government mobilized more than 60,000 students to organize peasants into associations. By the end of 1987, there were 20,367 peasant associations with a membership of 5.7 million farmers. Each association covered an area of 800 hectares, and members included tenants, landless laborers, and landowners holding fewer than ten hectares. Former landowners who had held more than ten hectares of land could join an association only after the completion of land redistribution. An umbrella organization known as the All-Ethiopia Peasants' Association represented local associations. Peasant associations assumed a wide range of responsibilities, including implementation of government land use directives; adjudication of land disputes; encouragement of development programs, such as water and land conservation; construction of schools, clinics, and cooperatives; organization of defense squads; and tax collection. Peasant associations also became involved in organizing forestry programs, local service and production cooperatives, road construction, and data collection projects, such as the 1984 census.
Cooperatives and State Farms.
Starting in 1976, the government encouraged farmers to form cooperatives. Between 1978 and 1981, the Derg issued a series of proclamations and directives outlining procedures for the formation of service cooperatives and producers' cooperatives. Service cooperatives provided basic services, such as the sale of farm inputs and consumer items that were often rationed, the provision of loans, the education of peasant association members in socialist philosophy, and the promotion of cottage industries.
The producers' cooperatives alleviated shortages of inputs (because farmers could pool resources) and problems associated with the fragmentation of landholdings. The government ordered the creation of these cooperatives because of its belief that small farmers were inefficient and were unable to take advantage of economies of scale.
The producers' cooperatives developed in three stages. The first stage was the "melba", an elementary type of cooperative that required members to pool land (with the exception of plots of up to 2,000 square meters, which could be set aside for private use) and to share oxen and farm implements. The second stage, "welba", required members to transfer their resources to the cooperative and reduce private plots to 1,000 square meters. The third stage, the "weland", abolished private land use and established advanced forms of cooperatives, whose goal was to use mechanized farming with members organized into production brigades. Under this system, income would be distributed based on labor contributions.
The government provided a number of inducements to producers' cooperatives, including priority for credits, fertilizers, improved seed, and access to consumer items and building materials. According to the ten-year plan, more than half of the country's cultivated land would be organized into producers' cooperatives by 1994. Despite the incentives, farmers responded less than enthusiastically. They saw the move to form cooperatives as a prelude to the destruction of their "family farms." By 1985/86 there were only 2,323 producers' cooperatives, of which only 255 were registered. Some critics argued that the resistance of farmers caused the government to formulate its resettlement and villagization programs.
A major component of the Derg's agricultural policy was the development of large-scale state farms. Following the 1975 land reform, the Derg converted a majority of the estimated 75,000 hectares of large, commercial farms owned by individuals and cooperatives into state farms; not long afterwards, the government expanded their size. By 1987/88 there were about 216,000 hectares of state farmland, accounting for 3.3% of the total cultivated area. The ten-year plan indicated that state farms would be expanded to 468,000 hectares by 1994, accounting for 6.4% of the cultivated land.
The primary motive for the expansion of state farms was the desire to reverse the drop in food production that has continued since the revolution. After the 1975 land reform, peasants began withholding grain from the market to drive up prices because government price-control measures had created shortages of consumer items such as coffee, cooking oil, salt, and sugar. Additionally, increased peasant consumption caused shortages of food items such as teff, wheat, corn, and other grains in urban areas. The problem became so serious that Mengistu Haile Mariam, the chairman of the Derg, lashed out against the peasantry on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of military rule in September 1978, criticizing them for their capitalist mentality and their petit bourgeois tendencies. Mengistu and his advisers believed that state farms would produce grain for urban areas and raw materials for domestic industry and would also increase production of cash crops such as coffee to generate badly needed foreign exchange. Accordingly, state farms received a large share of the country's resources for agriculture; from 1982 to 1990, this totaled about 43% of the government's agricultural investment. In 1983 state farms received 76% of the total allocation of chemical fertilizers, 95% of the improved seeds, and 81% of agricultural credit. In terms of subsidies, between 1982/83 and 1985/86 the various state farm corporations received more than 90 million Birr in direct subsidies. Despite the emphasis on state farms, state farm production accounted for only 6% of total agricultural output in 1987 (although meeting 65% of urban needs), leaving peasant farmers responsible for over 90% of production.
Resettlement and villagization.
The policy of encouraging voluntary resettlement went back to 1958, when the government established the first known planned resettlement in Sidamo. Shortly after the 1974 revolution, it became Derg policy to accelerate resettlement. By 1986 the government had resettled more than 600,000 people to three settlement areas. After a brief halt to the program in response to international pressure, the program resumed in 1987. Western donors and governments expressed fears that the resettlement plans would strain the country's finances, would depopulate areas of resistance, would weaken the guerrillas' support base and deny them access to recruits, would violate human rights through lack of medical attention. Although many of these charges were valid, some criticisms may have been unfounded.
In 1985 the government initiated a new relocation program known as "villagization". The objectives of the program, which grouped scattered farming communities throughout the country into small village clusters, were to promote rational land use; conserve resources; provide access to clean water and to health and education services; and strengthen security. Government guidelines stipulated that villages were to house 200 to 300 households. By March 1986, about 4.6 million people in Shewa, Arsi, and Harerge had been relocated into more than 4,500 villages. Although the government had villagized about 13 million people by 1989, international criticism, deteriorating security conditions, and lack of resources doomed the plan to failure.
Opponents of villagization argued that the scheme was disruptive to agricultural production because the government moved many farmers during the planting and harvesting seasons. There also was concern that villagization could have a negative impact on fragile local resources, particularly on water and grazing land; accelerate the spread of communicable diseases; and increase problems with plant pests and diseases. In early 1990, the government essentially abandoned villagization when it announced new economic policies that called for free-market reforms and a relaxation of centralized planning.

</doc>
<doc id="21399967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399967" title="Larry Atkins">
Larry Atkins

Larry Tabay Atkins III (born July 21, 1975 in Santa Monica, California) is a former American football linebacker. Atkins played in the National Football League from 1999 to 2003, spending four years with the Kansas City Chiefs and one year with the Oakland Raiders. In his five-year career, Atkins recorded nine tackles, one forced fumble, and one fumble recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="21399975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21399975" title="Wow! (Bill Doggett album)">
Wow! (Bill Doggett album)

Wow! is 1965 album by Bill Doggett. 

</doc>
<doc id="21400009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400009" title="Erasmo Seguín">
Erasmo Seguín

Juan Jose Maria Erasmo Seguín (May 26, 1782 – October 30, 1857) was a prominent citizen and politician in San Antonio de Bexar (modern-day San Antonio, Texas, USA) in the 19th century. From 1807 until 1835, Seguín served as head postmaster of San Antonio, Texas. After Mexico achieved independence from Spain, Seguín was named the sole representative from Texas to the constitutional convention. He helped to draft the Constitution of 1824 and was a major influence in the addition of a general colonization provision. Seguín assisted Stephen F. Austin in choosing land for the first colony of American settlers to immigrate to Texas. He later supported the Texas Revolution, providing political as well as material support.
Early life and family.
Juan Jose Maria Erasmo Seguín was born on May 26, 1782, to a family of French and Spanish descent in San Antonio de Bexar (now San Antonio, Texas, USA). His paternal grandfather, Bartolomá Seguín, had moved to Spanish Texas from the Mexican interior soon after the founding of the town in 1718. Seguín's parents, Santiago Seguín and Maria Guadalupe Fuentes, had seven children; Erasmo was the third.
Seguín married María Josefa Becerra, daughter of a noncomissioned officer from Presidio La Bahía (Goliad, Texas), stationed at Bexar; unusually for the times, Becerra could read and write. The couple had three children; two, including Juan Seguín, survived to adulthood. Erasmo Seguín helped to create the first public school in Bexar, which his son attended.
Although the Seguín family lived in Bexar, on the south side of Main Plaza facing Nueva (between current Main and Dwyer), they also owned a ranch of located from Bexar in present Karnes County. The land had been purchased from the Missión San Antonio de Valero after its securalization. The ranch was named La Mora, and by 1810 Seguín employed five "vaqueros" to work it. After 1824, he added a ranch near present-day Floresville. He made the estate a home; it would become known as "Casa Blanca". Here, Seguín raised animals and farmed cotton and corn. It would become an important source of supply for the Texan army. Seguín received additional income from his appointment as postmaster; he served in this capacity from 1807 until 1835, with two brief breaks.
Mexican War Of Independence.
During the Mexican War of Independence, Seguín likely sympathized with the rebellion. In January 1811, Juan Bautista de las Casas led a revolt in Bexar, overthrowing governor Manuel María de Salcedo and appointing himself head of a new Mexican state. His arbitrary rule caused much dissatisfaction within Texas, and Seguín helped to organize the counterrevolt that deposed de las Casas. A governing council was created to help lead the province until Spanish troops could regain control; Seguín held one of the seats.
In 1813, governor Salcedo was again overthrown, this time by the Republican Army of the North. They declared Texas an independent republic headed by José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara. During the invasion by the Gutiérrez-Magee Expedition, Seguín was in the United States on business. He returned carrying a letter from American authorities recommending that Gutierrez be replaced. While he was en route, the Spanish army, under José Joaquín de Arredondo, had defeated the invaders, killing 1300 Texians at the Battle of Medina, and resumed control of the province. Seguín's letter was found and confiscated, but he argued that he had been coerced into carrying it against his will. Arredondo did not believe Seguín's protests and labeled him a traitor. Seguín was dismissed from his position as postmaster and his property was confiscated. He was not, however, jailed.
Several years later, Arredondo offered a blanket pardon to most "Tejanos". Seguín refused the pardon and instead took his case to the courts. In 1818, the court cleared Seguín of all charges and he was able to regain his property and his postal position. In the summer of 1820, Seguín was elected "alcade", or mayor of Bexar. It would be just one of many of the municipal offices he would serve over the next two decades. In 1822, he was fully restored as postmaster and in 1825 he was appointed quartermaster of Presidio San Antonio de Bexar, a position he held for a decade.
Texas colonization.
In the early 1820s, the Spanish government reversed a long-standing policy against immigration. For the first time, people would be allowed to settle in Texas from other countries, including the neighboring United States. In 1821, the governor of Spanish Texas, Antonio María Martínez, asked Seguín to act as ambassador to Moses Austin and inform him that he had been awarded the first colonization contract. Several months later, Seguín and Juan Martín de Veramendi met Austin's son, Stephen at Natchitoches and escorted him into Texas. The small group explored a large area in eastern Texas. Three weeks into their trip, several of Seguín's employees found them to deliver the news that Mexico had been granted its independence from Spain.
In its initial years of existence, Mexico was in much political turmoil. In late 1823, authorities called for a constitutional convention. Seguín was elected as the only delegate to represent Texas. For the next eight months, he and the other representatives worked to draft a constitution. The Constitution of 1824 was signed in October 1824. The new Mexican constitution was similar to that of the United States, with the major exception that it established Catholicism as the national religion. Against Seguín's protests, Texas was combined with Coahuila to form a new state, Coahuila y Tejas. Seguín did succeed in inserting language that allowed Texas to petition for independent statehood at a later date. He was also influential in gaining a provision for a General Colonization Law. In an extension of the Spanish policy of 1821, the colonization law would allow state governments to grant land to "empresarios", who could then allot it to individual colonists. The grants would be void after six years, however, if fewer than 100 colonists settled in the land grant. Among other issues he championed was a lessening of the restriction against Catholicism and slavery.
After the convention ended, Seguín returned to Bexar.
Texas Revolution.
Texas colonists held several meetings and conventions to discuss their grievances with Mexican governance. Most of these were considered illegal by contemporary Mexican law and lacked in attendance by native Texans. Austin tried to persuade Seguín to support the resolutions sought by the colonists. Austin went directly to San Antonio de Béxar to meet with Seguín after the Convention of 1833 adjourned on April 14. Seguín called a series of meetings, held from May 3 to 5, for prominent locals to discuss the convention proceedings. He was the only Béxar politician to fully support separate statehood. 
The Texas Revolution erupted in October 1835, and General Martin Perfecto de Cos arrived in Bexar to take command of all of the Mexican troops in Texas. Unlike most other residents of Bexar, Seguín remained at his home instead of fleeing to the countryside. His loyalty was questioned by Mexican authorities because his son Juan was also a prominent supporter of the rebellion. Before the end of the year, Cos forced him to leave the city. At the same time, Seguín was stripped of his position as postmaster; he would not regain the post.
During the revolution, Seguín supplied the Texian army with beef, cattle, horses, and corn, as well as rockets for the storming of Bexar. Seguín would follow eastward with the Texians, during the Runaway Scrape. Bringing a large herd of sheep with him, he would end up eventually losing them. Seguín's ranch would also end up being raided and depleted by both the Texian and Mexican armies, who were scavenging for food. The Republic of Texas did later award him compensation for his efforts to assist the army.
Later life.
After the revolution, Erasmo tried to rebuild his wealth. Erasmo Seguín was named a Chief Justice of Bexar County from December 18, 1837 until January 9, 1840. Things were going well, but in 1842, the tide again turned against him. He was accused of being disloyal to Texas. Casa Blanca was raided by Texan rustlers and his cattle herds eaten
. His son would end up fleeing the country for his life, suggesting that Erasmo should join him. However, Erasmo held on. Most other Anglo-Texans would trust and support Erasmo Seguín and nothing would become of the charges against him. Later in 1848, his son would return to the ranch, where Erasmo remained farming and ranching, until his death on October 30, 1857. Erasmo was buried next to his wife in the family plot on Casa Blanca, in Floresville, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21400016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400016" title="Egor Korotkov">
Egor Korotkov

Egor Korotkov ( born 14 April 1986) is a Russian freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline.
He finished fifth at the 2006 Junior World Championships, and participated in the 2007 World Championships before competing in the World Cup. He made his World Cup debut in January 2008 with a fifteenth place in Les Contamines, and followed up with an eleventh place in Kreischberg and a thirteenth place in Valmalenco before the season was over. He opened the 2008–09 season with slightly worse results.
He also competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics on the Russian ski team in ski cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21400017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400017" title="File sequence">
File sequence

In computing, as well as in non-computing contexts, a file sequence is a well-ordered, (finite) collection of files, usually related to each other in some way.
In computing, file sequences should ideally obey some kind of locality of reference principle, so that not only all the files belonging to the same sequence ought to be locally referenced to each other, but they also obey that as much as is their proximity with respect to the ordering relation. "Explicit" file sequences are, in fact, sequences whose filenames all end with a numeric or alphanumeric tag in the end (excluding file extension).
The aforementioned locality of reference usually pertains either to the data, the metadata (e.g. their filenames or last-access dates), or the physical proximity within the storage media they reside in. In the latter acception it is better to speak about file contiguity (see below).
Identification.
Every operating system with a GUI shows contents of folders by usually ordering its files according to some criteria, mostly related to the files' metadata, like the filename. The criterion is, by default, the alphanumeric ordering of filenames, although some operating systems do that in "smarter" ways than others: for example codice_1 should
ideally be placed before codice_2, like Linux does whereas, alphanumerically, it comes after (more on that later).
Other criteria exist, like ordering files by their file type (or by their extension) and, if the same type, by either filename or last-access date, and so on.
For this reason, when a file sequence has a more strong locality of reference, particularly when it is related to their actual contents, it is better to highlight this fact by letting their well-ordering induce an alphanumeric ordering of the filenames too. That is the case of "explicit" file sequences.
Explicit file sequences.
Explicit file sequences have the same filename (including file extensions in order to confirm their contents' locality of reference) except for the final part (excluding the extension), which is a sequence of either numeric, alphanumeric or purely alphabetical characters to force a specific ordering; such sequences should also be ideally located all within the same directory.
In this sense any files sharing the same filename (and possibly extension), only differing by the sequence number at the end of the filename, automatically belong to the same file sequence, at least when they are located in the same folder.
It is also part of many naming conventions that number-indexed file sequences (in any number base) containing as many files as to span at most a fixed number of digits, make use of "trailing zeroes" in their filenames so that:
To better explain the latter point, consider that, strictly speaking, codice_1 (1st file in the sequence) comes alphanumerically "after" codice_4, which is actually the hundredth. By renaming the first file to codice_5 with two trailing zeroes, the problem is universally solved.
Examples of explicit file sequences include: codice_6, codice_7, codice_8, formula_1, codice_9 (five trailing zeroes), and another with a hexadecimal ordering of 256 files codice_10, codice_11, formula_1, codice_12, codice_13, ..., codice_14, codice_15, ..., codice_14, ..., codice_17 (with just one trailing zero).
Software and programming conventions usually represent a file sequence as a single virtual file object, whose name is comprehensively written in C-like formatted-string notation to represent where the sequence number is located in the filename and what is its formatting. For the two examples above, that would be codice_18 and codice_19, respectively, whereas for the former one, the same convention without trailing zeroes would be codice_20.
Note, however, that such notation is usually not valid at operating system and command-line interface levels, because the 'codice_21' character is neither a valid regular expression nor a universally "legal" filename character: that notation just stands as a placeholder for the virtual file-like representing the whole explicit file sequence.
Notable software packages anckowledging explicit file sequences as single filesystem objects, rather typical in the Audio/Video post-production industry (see below), are found among products by Autodesk, Quantel, daVinci, DVS, as well as Adobe After Effects.
File scattering.
A file sequence located within a mass storage device is said to be "contiguous" if:
File contiguity is a more practical requirement for file sequences than just their locality of reference, because it is related to the storage medium hosting the whole sequence than to the sequence itself (or its metadata). At the same time, it is a "high-level" feature, because it is not related to the physical and technical details of mass storage itself: particularly, file contiguity is realized in different ways according to the storage device's architecture and actual filesystem structure. At "low level", each file in a contiguous sequence must be placed in contiguous blocks, in spite of reserved areas or special metadata required by the filesystem (like inodes or inter-sector headers) actually interleaving them.
File contiguity is, in most practical applications, "invisible" at operating-system or user levels, since all the files in a sequence are always available to applications in the same way, regardless of their physical location on the storage device (due to operating systems hiding the filesystem internals to higher-level services). Indeed, file contiguity may be related to I/O performance when the sequence is to be read or written in the shortest time possible.
In some contexts (like optical disk burning - also cfr. below), data in a file sequence must be accessed in the same order as the file sequence itself; in other contexts, a "random" access to the sequence may be required. In both cases, most professional filesystems provide faster access strategies to contiguous files than non-contiguous ones. Data pre-allocation is crucial for write access, whereas burst read speeds are achievable only for contiguous data.
When a file sequence is not contiguous, it is said to be "scattered", since its files are stored in sparse locations on the storage device. File scattering is the process of allocating (or re-allocating) a file sequence as being (or becoming) uncontiguous. That is often associated with file fragmentation too, where each file is also stored in several, non-contiguous blocks; mechanisms contributing to the former are usually a common cause to the latter too. The act of reducing file scattering by means of allocating (in the first place) or moving (for already-stored data) files in the same sequence near together on the storage medium is called (file) file "de"scattering.
A few defragmentation strategies and dedicated software are able to both defragment single files and descatter file sequences.
Multimedia file sequences.
There are many contexts which explicit file sequences are particularly important in: incremental backups, periodic logs and multimedia files captured or created with a chronological locality of reference. In the latter case, explicit file numbering is extremely important in order to provide both software and end users a way to discern the consequentiality of the contents stored therein. For example, digital cameras and similar devices save all the picture files in the same folder (until it either reaches its maximum file-number capacity, or a new event like midnight-coming or device-switching takes place) with a final number sequence: it would be very unpractical to choose a filename for each taken shot on the very shooting time, so the camera firmware/software picks one which is perfectly identifiable by its sequence number. With the aid of other metadata (and usually of specialized PC software), users can later on discern the multimedia contents and re-organize them, if needed.
The Digital Intermediate example.
A typical example where explicit file sequences, as well as their contiguity, becomes crucial is in the digital intermediate (DI) workflow for motion picture and video industries. In such contexts, video data need to maintain the highest quality and be ready for visualization (usually real-time if not even better). Usually video data are acquired from either a digital video camera or a motion picture film scanner and stored into file sequences (as much as a common photographic camera does) and need to be post-produced in several steps, including at least editing, conforming and colour-correction. That requires:
Consider that a single frame in a DI project is currently from 9MB to 48MB large (depending upon resolution and colour-depth), whereas video refresh rate is commonly 24 or 25 frames per second (if not faster); any storage required for real-time playing such contents thus needs a minimum overall throughput of 220MB/s to 1.2GB/s, respectively. With those numbers, all the above requirements (particularly file contiguity, given nowadays storage performances) become strictly mandatory.

</doc>
<doc id="21400051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400051" title="Jason O'Brien">
Jason O'Brien

Jason Danial O'Brien (born 23 November 1969) is an Australian politician.
Born in Sydney, he served in the Royal Australian Navy from 1986 to 1990 as an electrician and was a Cairns City Councillor from 2000 from 2004. A member of the Australian Labor Party, he was electorate officer to Steve Bredhauer, member for Cook and Transport Minister in the Beattie government. In 2004, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, succeeding the retiring Bredhauer in the seat of Cook. Following the 2009 election, he was elected Deputy Speaker. He lost his seat at the 2012 election.

</doc>
<doc id="21400059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400059" title="147th meridian west">
147th meridian west

The meridian 147° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 147th meridian west forms a great circle with the 33rd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 147th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21400066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400066" title="Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue">
Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue

Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue, now known as Berea Temple Seventh Day Adventist Church, is a historic synagogue building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The former synagogue, built as an early home of the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation, is built of ashlar gray granite from Port Deposit, Maryland. It is a well-executed, 19th century version of a Byzantine church, designed by Charles L. Carson, a Baltimore architect. It features a large central dome, 40 feet in diameter, resting on a high octagonal drum pierced by rectangular windows of stained glass and two tall octagonal towers flanking the main entrance.
Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21400073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400073" title="Toowoomba City Hall">
Toowoomba City Hall

The Toowoomba City Hall is the seat of the City Council of Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia. It is located on the 153 Herries Street and on 543 Ruthven Street. The building is the location for the proclamation that Toowoomba was a city and was the first purpose built city hall ever constructed in Queensland.
History.
Tenders were called for the construction of a town hall in 1861. It was built by Frederick Stein in 1862 in James Street. The first City Hall was a timber building, which was demolished and replaced in 1881 by a brick building. The School of Arts in Ruthven Street was destroyed by fire in July 1898. The local Council agreed that new municipal buildings and a Town Hall should be built on the place of the School of Arts which had been destroyed that year, pending the sale of the old Town Hall to the Roman Catholic Church for £ 2,000.
The new building was designed by the Brisbane architect Willoughby Powell. In 1900 was inaugurated the present Town Hall at a cost of £ 10,000. The exterior of the building was restored to its original state in 1997. It now houses a regional art gallery and theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="21400080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400080" title="Spray Date">
Spray Date

Spray Date is an online dating website run by Spray Network AB. It is mostly free, but for a fee users get access to larger images and more search options. The site is available in several countries and the Swedish version has over 700 000 members (August 2008) and is the largest dating site in Sweden. The average age of the members is between 25-49. Seventy percent of member claim they have gone on a date with someone from the site; while a third claim that they met their partner via the site.
Spray Date has also arranged cruises for singles. Spray date is only available in Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="21400104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400104" title="Barnum, Wisconsin">
Barnum, Wisconsin

Barnum is an unincorporated community located in the town of Haney, in Crawford County, Wisconsin, United States. Barnum is located on the Kickapoo River north of Steuben and is served by Wisconsin Highway 131.

</doc>
<doc id="21400129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400129" title="146th meridian west">
146th meridian west

The meridian 146° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 146th meridian west forms a great circle with the 34th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 146th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21400137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400137" title="Leavesden Hospital">
Leavesden Hospital

Leavesden Mental Hospital was founded in 1870 on the outskirts of Abbots Langley by the Metropolitan Asylums Board as the Metropolitan Asylum for Chronic Imbeciles. At the same time the St Pancras Union Workhouse established an Industrial School across the road. In 1920, the asylum was renamed the Leavesden Mental Hospital. The London County Council took control in 1930. In April, 1932, the former St Pancras Industrial School was taken over as an annexe for chronic cases. The hospital closed in 1997.
The Jack the Ripper suspect Aaron Kosminski was admitted to Leavesden Asylum on 19 April 1894. Case notes indicate that Kosminski had been ill since at least 1885. His insanity took the form of auditory hallucinations, a paranoid fear of being fed by other people that drove him to pick up and eat food dropped as litter, and a refusal to wash or bathe.
The hospital had two cemeteries on East Lane. One remains accessible, but the other has been left to become wooded and a condition of the transfer of the land to Three Rivers District Council required it remain in that way.
Since closure in 1997, the hospital has been converted into a private housing estate, Leavesden Court. The development consists mainly of residential apartments, with the charity DEMAND (Design and manufacture for Disability) operating from the building previously used as the on-site chapel. The workhouse, or south side of the estate, is now the Leavesden Country Park (South) and the Arundel Road housing development.
External links.
www.leavesdenhospital.org

</doc>
<doc id="21400143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400143" title="1937 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1937 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1937 Philadelphia Eagles season was their fifth in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–11, winning two games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season.
Off Season.
NFL Draft.
The 1937 NFL Draft took place December 12, 1936. It would be for 10 rounds and teams picking a total of 100 players.
The Eagles would have the 1st pick in the draft. They used this pick to choose, running up in Heisman Trophy, Sam Francis, a back out of Nebraska. He never played a game for the Eagles but he did play for the Chicago Bears
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 
Regular Season.
The Eagles 1937 NFL season started on September 5 and ended 11 weeks later on November 14. The Eagles would play 4 games at home and 7 games on the road.
NFL Playoffs.
With a 2–8–1 record in 1937, the Eagles do not make the playoffs and play in the 1937 NFL Championship Game. The Washington Redskins defeated Chicago Bears in Chicago.
1937 Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"
A List of the 1937 Philadelphia Eagles.
Post Season.
With a record of 2–8–1 the Philadelphia Eagles failed to make it to the NFL Championship game

</doc>
<doc id="21400147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400147" title="Joe Lobendahn">
Joe Lobendahn

Joe Lobendahn (born February 15, 1983 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders. He was signed by the club after being released by the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. Joe joined the Calgary Stampeders during 2012 training camp but failed to win a spot with the linebacker unit.
He spent the previous four seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Joe had a strong 2011 campaign until a serious knee injury put him on the Injured Reserve List in September. 
He was originally signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="21400153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400153" title="Warren Pitt">
Warren Pitt

Frederick Warren Pitt (born 14 March 1948) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1989 to 1995 and 1998 to 2009.
Born in Cairns, Pitt was a school teacher before entering politics. He underwent national service and was an army reservist from 1969 to 1975 and was active in the local community, being recognised as Mulgrave Shire Citizen of the Year in 1983.
Pitt was elected to state parliament as the member for Mulgrave at the 1989 state election defeating sitting National Party MP Max Menzel. Pitt was himself defeated two terms later at the 1995 state election by the Naomi Wilson of the National Party. Wilson in turn was defeated at the 1998 state election by Charles Rappolt of One Nation. When Rappolt resigned in late 1998, Pitt won the resulting by-election, providing Labor Premier Peter Beattie with a majority in his own right (previously Beattie's government had to rely on the support of independent MP Peter Wellington).
Fortuitously, Pitt served all his time in parliament as a member of the majority party. Consequently, he served in a number of government roles. In the government of Wayne Goss, Pitt served as Deputy Government Whip from March to October 1992, Government Whip from October 1992 to February 1995, and Minister for Business, Industry and Regional Development from February to July 1995.
In the government of Peter Beattie, Pitt served as Chair of the Scrutiny of Legislation Committee from May 2001 to January 2004 until he became Minister for Communities and Disability Services in February 2004. He retained the portfolio for years to come, and to his responsibilities were added: Seniors in April 2004, Youth in September 2006, and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Partnerships in January 2007. That gave Pitt the unusually long title of "Minister for Communities, Disability Services, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Partnerships, Seniors and Youth", which he retained until Beattie's retirement in September 2007.
In the government of Anna Bligh, Pitt served as Minister for Main Roads and Local Government from September 2007 until his retirement in February 2009.
Upon his retirement, Pitt's son Curtis was preselected as the Labor candidate in the district of Mulgrave. Curtis Pitt successfully retained the seat for the Labor Party at the 2009 state election

</doc>
<doc id="21400173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400173" title="Opium fürs Volk">
Opium fürs Volk

Opium fürs Volk ("Opium for the people") is the seventh studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. Although it's not considered a concept album, it has a central theme of religion (exemplified by the intro "Vaterunser", "Die zehn Gebote" and "Paradies"). It's regarded as one of the best DTH albums.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/en/veroeffentlichungen_backkatalog_remastered_opium_fuers_volk.php][http://www.dietotenhosen.de/alldieganzenjahre_freunde_jon.php] The title is derived from a common misquotation of Karl Marx, who called religion the Opium of the People - "Opium des Volkes".
Singles.
1995: "Nichts bleibt für die Ewigkeit"<br>
1996: "Paradies"<br>
1996: "Bonnie & Clyde"<br>
1996: "Zehn kleine Jägermeister"
Demos.
One unreleased demo from the album surfaced in 2007 with the re-release of "Auf dem Kreuzzug ins Glück".

</doc>
<doc id="21400175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400175" title="Ad Rotas">
Ad Rotas

Ad Rotas was the name of several Roman stations or villages.
One, also called Rotae was located in Central Italy and is tentatively located at Monteroduni, Molise, Italy.
One was located in Northern Italy and is tentatively located at Ospedaletto Lodigiano, Lombardy, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21400198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400198" title="Pine woods snake">
Pine woods snake

The pine woods snake ("Rhadinaea flavilata") is a secretive colubrid found in scattered locations across the Southeastern United States.
Description.
A small reddish brown to yellowish brown snake with a whitish to yellowish, unmarked underside. A dark stripe runs through the eye. The upper labial scales (lip scales) are a whitish or pale yellow color which led to its other common name, the yellow-lipped snake. Pine woods snakes average between 10 and 13 inches (25-33 cm) at adult size.
Range.
The pine woods snake is known from scattered localities in coastal North Carolina and South Carolina, most of peninsular Florida and small portions of Georgia, Alabama and Louisiana.
Behavior.
Pine woods snakes are found in damp woodlands, under bark and in rotten logs and stumps. They feed on small frogs and lizards. They lay eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="21400203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400203" title="ShakeMyWorld">
ShakeMyWorld

ShakeMyWorld is a Swedish online dating website based on the concept of the user created activities and off-line meet ups. The Swedish web site Internet World listed ShakeMyWorld as the best Swedish dating site of 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="21400213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400213" title="Hiroomi Takizawa">
Hiroomi Takizawa

Moguls.
Takizawa competed three seasons in the moguls discipline. He made his debut in the so-called Nor-Am Cup in December 1996 with a sixth place in Fortress Mountain. He followed up with a fourteenth and sixteenth place in Deer Valley, and a 28th and sixth place in Le Relais. In the 1997–98 he competed less. He made his World Cup debut in December, but finished 65th. In the 1998–99 he started off with good results in the so-called European Cup, then participated in four races in Japan in February. With two thirtieth places in Inawashiro and two 29th places in Madarao he collected his first and only World Cup points.
Skicross.
Takizawa later switched to skicross, and made his World Cup debut in January 2005 with a twelfth place in Pozza di Fassa. He followed up with good results in the 2005–06 season, with the best being a seventh place from Sierra Nevada in March. In the 2006–07 season he only competed twice, but finished second and first in the two races. He also competed at the 2007 World Championships, but with limited success. In the 2007–08 season he finished among the top fifteen in seven out of eight World Cup outings. The 2008–09 season was opened with an abysmal 60th place in St. Johann in January, but he returned five days later to record a thirteenth place in Les Contamines.

</doc>
<doc id="21400214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400214" title="Dominique Baudis">
Dominique Baudis

Dominique Baudis (; 14 April 1947 – 10 April 2014) was the French ombudsman. Formerly a journalist, politician and Mayor of Toulouse, he had been a member of DL and later of the leading centre-right Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
Early life.
Dominique Baudis was born in Paris. His father, Pierre Baudis, served as the Mayor of Toulouse.
Career.
A journalist, he was a foreign correspondent for TF1 in the Middle East from 1976 to 1977. He was news anchor on TF1 from 1977 to 1980 and from 1980 to 1982 on FR3.
A member of the CDS (a member of the centre-right UDF, he was elected to replace his father, Pierre Baudis as mayor of Toulouse (Haute-Garonne) in the French municipal elections, 1983. In 1984, he was elected to the European Parliament, in 1986 he became President of the Regional Council of the Midi-Pyrénées, also in 1986 he was elected to the French National Assembly representing Haute-Garonne's 1st constituency. He won re-elected in 1988, 1993 and 1997.
He led the UDF-RPR list in the 1994 European election.
In 2001, Jacques Chirac appointed him President of the "Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel" (CSA), a post which he held until 2007, when Chirac appointed him President of the Arab World Institute.
In 2009, the UMP nominated him to lead the UMP list in the South-West for the 2009 European election. His list won 26.89% and he was elected to the European Parliament for a third time. For the first time, the Presidential Majority (meaning all the parties gathered around Nicolas Sarkozy) scored four seats in the European Parliament, two more than the Socialist Party, French South-West's leading force. In some urban areas, such as Toulouse, Bordeaux, Bayonne and Montpellier, he scored more than 30%.
In July 2009, he was elected Vice-President of the Commission of Foreign Affairs of the European Parliament, and in November 2009 he was named rapporteur on the Association Agreement with Syria.
Baudis was nominated by the Prime Minister to the new office of Defender of Rights, essentially an ombudsman role, and was appointed by the Council of State with effect from July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21400220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400220" title="Estonia at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships">
Estonia at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships

Estonia has competed at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships since 1938. Estonia was not represented at the championships from 1940 to 1991 due to the Soviet occupation and started participated again from 1993.
Represented events.
This is a list of Estonian athletes who have represented Estonia at World Ski Championships:

</doc>
<doc id="21400224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400224" title="Rossby-gravity waves">
Rossby-gravity waves

Rossby-gravity waves are equatorially trapped waves (much like Kelvin waves), meaning that they rapidly decay as their distance increases away from the equator (along as the Brunt–Vaisala frequency does not remain constant). These waves have the same trapping scale as Kelvin waves, more commonly known as the equatorial Rossby deformation radius. They always carry energy eastward, but, oddly, their 'crests' and 'troughs' may propagate westward if their periods are long enough. The eastward speed of propagation of these waves can be derived for an inviscid slowly moving layer of fluid of uniform depth H . Because the Coriolis parameter ("f" = 2Ω sin("θ") where Ω is the angular velocity of the earth, 7.2921 × 10−5 rad/s, and θ is latitude) vanishes at 0 degrees latitude (equator), the “equatorial beta plane” approximation must be made. This approximation states that “f” is approximately equal to βy, where “y” is the distance from the equator and "β" is the variation of the coriolis parameter with latitude, formula_1. With the inclusion of this approximation, the primitive equations become (neglecting friction):
These three equations can be separated and solved using solutions in the form of zonally propagating waves, which are analogous to exponential solutions with a dependence on "x" and "t" and the inclusion of structure functions that vary in the "y"-direction:
Once the frequency relation is formulated in terms of ω, the angular frequency, the problem can be solved with 3 distinct solutions. These three solutions correspond to the equatorially trapped gravity wave, the equatorially trapped Rossby wave and the mixed Rossby-gravity wave (which has some of the characteristics of the former two) . It is important to note that equatorial gravity waves can be either westward- or eastward-propagating and correspond to n=1 (same as for the equatorially trapped Rossby wave) on a dispersion relation diagram ("w-k" diagram). At "n" = 0 on a dispersion relation diagram, the mixed Rossby-gravity waves can be found where for large, positive zonal wave numbers (+"k"), the solution behaves like a gravity wave; but for large, negative zonal wave numbers (−"k"), the solution appears to be a Rossby wave (hence the term Rossby-gravity waves). As mentioned earlier, the group velocity (or energy packet/dispersion) is always directed toward the east with a maximum for short waves (gravity waves).
Vertically propagating Rossby-gravity waves.
As previously stated, the mixed Rossby-gravity waves are equatorially trapped waves unless the buoyancy frequency remains constant, introducing an additional vertical wave number to complement the zonal wave number and angular frequency. If this Brunt–Vaisala frequency does not change, then these waves become vertically propagating solutions. On a typical ""m","k"" dispersion diagram, the group velocity (energy) would be directed at right angles to the "n" = 0 (mixed Rossby-gravity waves) and "n" = 1 (gravity or Rossby waves) curves and would increase in the direction of increasing angular frequency. Typical group velocities for each component are the following: 1 cm/s for gravity waves and 2 mm/s for planetary (Rossby) waves. 
These vertically propagating mixed Rossby-gravity waves were first observed in the stratosphere as westward-propagating mixed waves by M. Yanai. They had the following characteristics: 4–5 days, horizontal wavenumbers of 4 (four waves circling the earth, corresponding to wavelengths of 10,000 km), vertical wavelengths of 4–8 km, and upward group velocity. Similarly, westward-propagating mixed waves were also found in the Atlantic Ocean by Weisberg et al. (1979) with periods of 31 days, horizontal wavelengths of 1200 km, vertical wavelengths of 1 km, and downward group velocity. Also, the vertically propagating gravity wave component was found in the stratosphere with periods of 35 hours, horizontal wavelengths of 2400 km, and vertical wavelengths of 5 km.

</doc>
<doc id="21400229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400229" title="Cam Hall">
Cam Hall

Cam Hall (born November 1, 1982 in Richland, Washington) is a Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Boise State.
Hall has also been a member of the Montreal Alouettes.

</doc>
<doc id="21400243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400243" title="Weston Centre (Toronto)">
Weston Centre (Toronto)

The Weston Centre of Toronto, Ontario, Canada is an eighteen story building. It was built in 1976 and is within walking distance to the St. Clair (TTC) subway station. It is home to the headquarters of George Weston Bakeries and Loblaws.

</doc>
<doc id="21400245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400245" title="Phil Reeves (politician)">
Phil Reeves (politician)

Philip Gerard Reeves (born 19 September 1966) is an Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he received a Bachelor of Arts in Leisure Management from Griffith University and was a sports management and marketing consultant. He joined the Australian Labor Party in 1987 and was Vice-President of the Garden City Branch. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Mansfield, defeating sitting Liberal MP Frank Carroll. Reeves represented Mansfield until the 2012 election, and is was Minister for Child Safety and Minister for Sport from 26 March 2009.
Reeves is married to Megan and has three children: Brianna, Ashleigh and Jemma.

</doc>
<doc id="21400255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400255" title="Toshiyuki Doi">
Toshiyuki Doi

Toshiyuki Doi (born 18 May 1978) is a Japanese freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline.
He made his World Cup debut in January 2008 with a nineteenth place in Les Contamines. One week later he finished among the top ten for the first time, with a seventh place in Kreischberg. He would repeat this placement once before the season was over; in March in Valmalenco. In the 2008–09 season his best result is a 21st place from Lake Placid in January.

</doc>
<doc id="21400256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400256" title="Operational due diligence">
Operational due diligence

Operational due diligence (ODD) is the process by which a potential purchaser reviews the operational aspects of a target company during mergers and acquisitions.
Process.
The ODD review looks at the main operations of the target company and attempts to confirm (or not) that the business plan that has been provided is achievable with the existing operational facilities plus the capital expenditure that is outlined in the business plan. Additionally the ODD review will consider whether there is the potential for additional value to be wrought out of the target company by improving its operational function and also whether there are serious operational risks about which the potential buyer should be concerned (thereby allowing the buyer to consider aborting the deal or renegotiating the price). The approach for ODD varies by industry 
Reviewers.
An ODD review is often performed by a third party such as a professional services firm. Often the ODD is requested by the bank or other financier that is supporting the acquisition and is interested in the downside risks.
ODD activities are often focused on analyzing the supply chain, engineering, and manufacturing operations of a target acquisition in detail.
Other types of diligence.
ODD is only one form of due diligence. Others include:

</doc>
<doc id="21400264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400264" title="Madison Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church">
Madison Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church

Madison Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church, now known as Douglas Memorial Community Church, is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a brick, Greek Revival, temple-fronted structure featuring four fluted Corinthian columns and built 1857-1858. The rear addition is a two-story Colonial Revival style wing dating from about 1900.
Madison Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21400289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400289" title="Uzed">
Uzed

Uzed is the fourth album by Belgian RIO band Univers Zero. Due to a packed touring schedule, the band released this work three years after their previous album proper, "Ceux du Dehors" (although the "Crawling Wind" EP was released in the interim).
This record marked an important stylistic shift for the band. The synthesizers which had been more moderately employed on "Ceux du Dehors" (and not at all in previous works) became much more prevalent on this release. In fact, the album opens with a synthesizer riff. Along with using more electric sounds, Univers Zero began to take inspiration from Middle Eastern musical themes, perhaps most notably on the album's opener,"Présage."
The new sound was partially attributable to the addition of some new band members. André Mergen's cello work provided some interesting new textures for the ensemble. Michael Delory became the first guitarist employed by the band since the departure of co-founder Roger Trigaux after "Heresie". Delory, unlike Trigaux, would play electric guitar with UZ. On "Uzed", he plays a notable and unexpected guitar solo at the end of "Célesta (For Chantal)." Jean-Luc Plouvier was the primary keyboardist for this album, and would form an interesting combo within the band with fellow keyboardist Andy Kirk when the latter wrote most of the material for and played on the next UZ album.
The album was recorded and mixed by Didier de Roos at Daylight Studio, Brussels.
Personnel.
Also with:

</doc>
<doc id="21400291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400291" title="Haute-Garonne's 1st constituency">
Haute-Garonne's 1st constituency

The 1st constituency of the Haute-Garonne is a French legislative constituency in the Haute-Garonne "département".

</doc>
<doc id="21400294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400294" title="Anthony Maggiacomo">
Anthony Maggiacomo

Anthony Maggiacomo (born April 25, 1984, in Cambridge, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football linebacker who last played for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played CIS Football for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks.
Teaching career.
Anthony Maggiacomo was previously a student-teacher at Cameron Heights Collegiate Institute. His last day was December 9, 2010.
He is now a Phys-Ed teacher at Eastwood Collegiate. 

</doc>
<doc id="21400303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400303" title="Serra das Traíras">
Serra das Traíras

Serra das Traíras is a mountain range in southern Tocantins, Brazil. An unnamed peak at the municipality of Paranã is the highest point in Tocantins, reaching .

</doc>
<doc id="21400326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400326" title="Ackermann">
Ackermann

See Ackermann (surname) for many people with this name.
Ackermann may also refer to the following things:

</doc>
<doc id="21400333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400333" title="Ian Rickuss">
Ian Rickuss

Ian Phillip Rickuss (born 27 July 1954) is an Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was a bank clerk and horticulturist before entering politics. He is married to Ann and has two sons, Luke and Joel. In 2004, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the National Party member for Lockyer, defeating the sitting member, One Nation leader Bill Flynn. Rickuss was appointed Opposition Whip on 1 July 2006. In 2008, he joined the Liberal National Party when the Liberal Party and National Party merged in Queensland. 
Rickuss survived a pre-selection challenge in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21400341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400341" title="Donald Simrock">
Donald Simrock

Donald Simrock is an American makeup artist, distinguished for powerful editorial makeup. He is also Beauty Editor for Flaunt Magazine.
Donald was born in Longmont, Colorado. He gained his first work experience in the unconventional settings of nightclubs in both New York and Europe. Shortly thereafter, he accepted a very lengthy apprenticeship under Pat McGrath, before finally moving out on his own. In addition to Flaunt, Donald Simrock's bold editorial work has been featured in publications such as Rolling Stone, Interview, Harper's Bazaar and Vogue. His unique vision has given him the opportunity to work with celebrity clients that include Madonna, Britney Spears, and Milla Jovovich. His work is seen in numerous music videos, and has been nominated for best make-up at the Video Music Awards. Simrock's wide artistic range has led him to collaborate with renowned directors and photographers alike, from Hype Williams to David LaChapelle.

</doc>
<doc id="21400361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400361" title="Islamic Information Center">
Islamic Information Center

The Islamic Information Center is a non-profit 501(c)3 organization that advocates on behalf of humanitarian issues and works to provide authentic Islamic information to non-Muslims. It has been called "one of America's premier Muslim advocacy organizations" and is centered in the National Press Club, a worldwide hub of more than 300 international news organizations, in Washington, DC. The goal of the group is to be complementary to other major Muslim initiatives such as CAIR and MPAC by giving a specific focus to the spiritual and philosophical aspects of Islam. The main purpose of this organization is to provide authentic Islamic information as taught by the Islamic prophet Muhammad and his descendants.
History.
The Islamic Information Center (IIC) is a Washington, DC based NGO was founded in 2002 to help promote the image of Islam in the United States. IIC works primarily with political officials, media agencies, and interfaith organizations to accomplish this goal. In 2008, the first IIC chapter was opened in Los Angeles, California, sparking a new national campaign. In 2009, the group opened chapter offices in New York City, New York; and Miami, Florida. In 2010, IIC opened new chapters in Atlanta, Georgia and St. Louis, Missouri.
IIC Chairman.
The founder and chairman of the Islamic Information Center, is Imam Syed Naqvi (sometimes referred to as Maulana Naqvi amongst Indian/Pakistani communities). Imam Naqvi is an theologian with at least fifteen years of studies from the various seminaries of the Islamic world. Imam Naqvi is also a spokesperson for the Council of Shia Muslim Scholars Conference and Resident Scholar for the Jaferia Islamic Center ('Idara e Jaferia') in Burtonsville, Maryland.
Board of Advisers.
IIC is advised by a special board of premiere US based academics and traditional scholars. These advisers provide valuable insight regarding modern Islamic issues.
Publications.
Islam in 60 Seconds.
IIC publishes a weekly e-newsletter entitled "Islam in 60 Seconds". The newsletter provides brief summaries of world events relating to Muslims, or of particular importance to Muslims. Links to the original news articles are provided, and the paper has often been referred to as the "Fast Food Version" of the news. The newsletter is archived on IIC's webpage.
IIC Monitor.
"The Monitor" is IIC's premiere publication, and is a quarterly news-magazine. The Monitor offers in depth analysis of political, social, and interfaith issues.

</doc>
<doc id="21400366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400366" title="Arnett Hollow">
Arnett Hollow

Arnett Hollow is an indie rock band based out of Louisville, Kentucky, consisting of Chris Rodahaffer, Cheyenne Mize, Dave Chandler, Mike Dufresne, and Rob Edwards.
History.
Arnett Hollow plays bluegrass, old time, and world music. Arnett Hollow's second album, "Night After Night", finds the band digging deeper into their musical roots. Recorded in Nashville, TN, with Grammy Award-winning engineer Phil Harris, "Night After Night" shows the band moving further away from their traditional influences and into their own, unique sound. Jeffery Lee Puckett of the Louisville Courier-Journal writes "Calling Arnett Hollow a bluegrass band is more about convenience than accuracy. Even the 'newgrass' tag doesn't cut it, although the band certainly has ties to and roots in both genres."
Since the release of their debut album "After the Rain" in 2007, Arnett Hollow has expanded its regional presence—being featured on the cover of Louisville Music News and performing for the Kentucky Homefront radio broadcast on WFPK, as well as the Homegrown Music Series at 4th Street Live! in Louisville.
In 2009, Arnett Hollow was invited to be a part of the Silver Jews' historic final show at the Cumberland Caverns, where Nashville Scene blog The Spin stated, "the five-piece performed a solid set of tightly arranged songs, each containing the requisite amount of swift-fingered Louisville shredding." The show was broadcast on June 27 on the legendary WSM Radio. The band most recently performed at the Forecastle Festival for the second year in a row.
Arnett Hollow consists of Mike Dufresne (vocals/double bass), Chris Rodahaffer (vocals/guitar), Cheyenne Marie Mize (vocals/fiddle), Rob Edwards (percussion), and Dave Chandler (vocals/guitar). The members of Arnett Hollow have shared stages with Bonnie 'Prince' Billy, Ben Sollee, Patrick Hallahan of My Morning Jacket, Days of the New, the Fervor, Zongo, Apollo Sunshine, and The Cairo Gang. When not playing with Arnett Hollow, Mike and Rob also tour with Days of the New.

</doc>
<doc id="21400386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400386" title="Data Stream Interface">
Data Stream Interface

The Data Stream Interface (DSI) is a session layer used to carry Apple Filing Protocol traffic over Transmission Control Protocol.
Overview.
When Apple introduced TCP with MacTCP and Open Transport in System 7 in the 1990s, they needed their file sharing protocol (AFP) to run on both TCP and AppleTalk. They introduced AppleTalk Session Protocol (ASP) and DSI for TCP coincidentally with AFP 2.x.
DSI is implemented directly into AFP clients such as in Mac OS and afpfs-ng.
Protocol.
DSI is spoken between a client and an AFP server. All DSI communication contains the following DSI header:
Packet structure.
The fields are:
Commands.
There are seven possible commands:
Requests and replies.
Upon receiving most DSI requests, the client or server sends a reply message. This reply contains:
The DSITickle and DSICloseSession commands do not trigger a reply.
Session creation, maintenance and teardown.
A session is set up by the client sending a DSIOpenSession, which will include the size of the receive buffer the client has for packets (called the request quantum, typically 1024 bytes). The server acknowledges the request and returns the size of its data receive buffer (typically 256k on Mac OS X Leopard).
Session closure can be initiated by either side by sending DSICloseSession. The sender does not need to wait for a reply and should immediately close the session after sending the message.
Maintaining the connection is done by "tickling". DSI provides a mechanism for ensuring that client and server know that the other is still active. Every 30 seconds of inactivity, the server sends a tickle request to the client. Similarly, the client also sends its own tickle. (This is NOT a response packet.) Either the client or server can terminate the DSI session if they fail to hear from the other for 120 seconds. The client may also disconnect if a request is in flight and neither a response nor tickle is received within 60 seconds (in Mac OS X v.10.2 and later).
Getting server information with GetStatus.
This DSI command encapsulates an FPGetSrvrInfo packet. It is used by a client to get information from a server it isn't logged into.
The data elements are organized in the packet with a catalog of indices pointing to structured data.
The request to a DSIGetStatus request will cause the server to respond with the following information:
DSIGetStatus reply format is identical to AFP's FPGetSrvrInfo and is used for ASPGetStatus.
Error codes.
The error codes returned are AFP result codes.
Further research.
DSI is never documented separately, and is sufficiently simple and static that older references are suitable for modern implementations. The concepts of DSI are identical to AppleTalk Session Protocol (ASP), and the overview in "Inside AppleTalk, Second Edition" can be helpful.
The most succinct guide is the "AFP over TCP" chapter of Apple Filing Protocol Programming Guide.
A significant source of information in understanding DSI can be found by analyzing communication between AFP clients and servers using a packet sniffer.

</doc>
<doc id="21400392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400392" title="David Spencer Fox">
David Spencer Fox

David Spencer Fox was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
In 1817, Fox was born in Warren County, Pennsylvania. His grandfather was a Revolutionary War soldier. He gained employment with a shingles manufacturing company. He came to Michigan in 1846. In Flint, He became a partner of Walker & Begole, a shingles manufacturer, timber land speculation and logging firm.
Political life.
Fox first was elected to serve the first ward on the Flint City Council in 1862 and 1863. He was elected as mayor of the City of Flint in 1871 serving two 1-year terms.
Post-Political life.
In 1880, Fox became president of the First National Bank. He also became involved with the Flint Wagon Works, which later acquired by the Chevrolet Motor Company. He died in 1901 and was buried at Glenwood Cemetery, Flint, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21400394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400394" title="Amandine Leynaud">
Amandine Leynaud

Amandine Leynaud (born 2 May 1986 in Aubenas) is a French handballer who plays for the Macedonian club ZRK Vardar and the French national team. 
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, finishing fifth. Both Leynaud and teammate Valérie Nicolas were listed among the top goalkeepers in the competition. After Nicolas retired from the national team, Leynaud's status as starting goalkeeper was secured. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Leynaud was listed third among the top ten goalkeepers of the championship with a rate of 38%.
For the 2012-13 season, Leynaud signed for Romanian top club CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea but failed to play any official match after she suffered a ligaments injury to the right ankle which required surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="21400432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400432" title="1936 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1936 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1936 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their seventh in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 5–6–1, winning only three games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="21400449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400449" title="Mascot Grand National">
Mascot Grand National

The Mascot Grand National is an annual race between mascots of various other sports teams as well as corporate mascots. It has been contested since 1999 and since 2012 has been held at Kempton Park Racecourse. Previously it was held at Huntingdon racecourse. Up to 100 mascots in full-body costumes take part. The short race is along the final furlong of the course, with low hurdles (approximately 40cm high). The mascots' entry fees are donated to charity.
In 2010, many mascots, especially those from professional football clubs, boycotted the race over the way it was organised and the fact that mascots from any field could enter even if they were not 'day in-day out' performers.

</doc>
<doc id="21400459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400459" title="Robert Schwarten">
Robert Schwarten

Robert Evan Schwarten (born 6 October 1954) is an Australian politician. He was born in Rockhampton, and is married with two sons. Before his entry into politics, he was a teacher, a union official, and a ministerial advisor to the Deputy Premier. From 1985 to 1991 he was an alderman on Rockhampton City Council. A member of the Australian Labor Party, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 1989 as the member for Rockhampton North, but was defeated in 1992. In 1995 he was returned, this time as the member for Rockhampton. He was Minister for Public Works and Information and Communication Technology in Anna Bligh's Labor Government. He held the Public Works portfolio from 1998 to 2011. Schwarten stood down from Parliament and was replaced by Bill Byrne, who held the seat for Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="21400470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400470" title="1978–79 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1978–79 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1978–79 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the sixty-second season of the Toronto NHL franchise, fifty-second as the "Maple Leafs". The Leafs placed third in the Adams Division to make the playoffs where the Leafs won their first round series against the Atlanta Flames, only to lose in the second series to the Montreal Canadiens.
Playoffs.
Preliminary round.
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Atlanta Flames
"Toronto wins best-of-three series 2 games to 0."
Quarter-finals.
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0."
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1978-79 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21400478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400478" title="Lectionary 6">
Lectionary 6

Lectionary 6, designated by siglum ℓ "6" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek-Arabic diglot manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves, dated by a colophon to the year 1265.
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Acts, Epistles lectionary ("Apostolos"), Psalms, but a few Lessons from the Gospels ("Evangelistarium"). It is written in Greek uncial letters, on 275 paper leaves (), 2 columns per page, 18 lines per page. 
In Matthew 23:35 phrase ("son of Barachi'ah") is omitted; this omission is supported only by Codex Sinaiticus, codex 59 (by the first hand), two other Evangelistaria (ℓ "13", and ℓ "185"), and citations in Eusebius.
History.
It was examined by Wettstein and Dermount. 
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Leiden University Library (Or. 243) at Leiden.

</doc>
<doc id="21400481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400481" title="Sale of Goods Act 1893">
Sale of Goods Act 1893

The Sale of Goods Act 1893 (56 & 57 Vict. c.71) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland which regulated contracts in which goods are sold and bought. Its purpose was to define the rights and duties of the parties (where not expressly defined in the agreement), while specifically preserving the relevance of ordinary contractual principles.
Background.
The Act was drafted by Sir Mackenzie Chalmers, who later drafted the Marine Insurance Act 1906. As noted by Lord Denning MR in "The Mihalis Angelos" 1 QB 164 he adopted a division between conditions and warranties in terms of contracts, propounded by Sir Frederick Pollock in his book "Formation of Contracts". This was followed by Fletcher Moulton LJ in a celebrated dissent in "Wallis, Son & Wells v Pratt & Haynes" [1910 2 KB 1003, 1012 and adopted by the House of Lords in AC 394.
The Sale of Goods Act 1893 is considered to be classic example of a codifying statute; that is, it draws on established judge-made common law principles and converts them into a more accessible statutory form. This Act of Parliament was so well-drafted that, when it was repealed and reenacted, the successor Sale of Goods Act 1979 was instantly familiar, sharing the same structure, phraseology and even numbering as the 1893 Act.
Repeal.
The whole of this Act, except for section 26, was repealed on 1 January 1980,
Section 26 was repealed on 1 January 1982

</doc>
<doc id="21400502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400502" title="Agentic leadership">
Agentic leadership

Agentic leadership derives from the term agency. This leadership style is generally found in the business field by a person who is in control of subordinates. This person demonstrates assertiveness, competitiveness, independence, courageousness, and is masterful in achieving their task at hand.

</doc>
<doc id="21400505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400505" title="Otterbein Church (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Otterbein Church (Baltimore, Maryland)

""Otterbein Church"", now known as ""Old Otterbein United Methodist Church"", is a historic United Brethren church located in Baltimore, United States. The first "German Reformed" church was built to serve the German Reformed and some Evangelical Lutheran immigrants, and later entered the Brethren strain of German Reformed Protestantism in the later Church of the United Brethren in Christ. It is a two-story brick Georgian structure with a peaked roof, built 1785-1786, and features a square bell tower and an octagonal white "cupola-on-cupola", with much of the original wavy, hand-blown glass window panes still remaining. It had a major remodeling occurring in 1839, and some additional cleaning and restoration of its exterior brick walls and wall-fence surrounding the parish. The tower's bells date to 1789, and are still in use. That same year, the first Conference of United Brethren preachers was held and resulted in the official organization of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ, with Pastor Philip William Otterbein, (1726-1813) as a bishop (five years after he participated in the "laying on" of hands on famous evangelist and missionary Francis Asbury, (1745-1816), ordained as the first bishop of the new Methodist Episcopal Church. He was later buried in the adjacent churchyard, surrounding the building.
Old Otterbein Church was for decades surrounded for many blocks in every direction by very densely packed neighborhoods of rowhouses, businesses and factories/manufacturies, just east of the landmark Camden Street Station (built 1857-1866), and its railroad yards and longest warehouse in America for the famous Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, (first in America), and three blocks west of "The Basin" (now "Inner Harbor" area), of the Northwest Branch of the Patapsco River, with the crucial Harbor Port recently revitalized and known to tourists around the world).
In the last two decades, most of these former structures with houses, warehouses and factories have been razed and replaced in 1992 by the Oriole Park at Camden Yards baseball stadium which lies in its shadow, the new Baltimore Convention Center, built 1979, with a large 2002 addition, and several large glass-towered hotels of national chains, to its west, east and north.
To the south, is a large several-block sizeed remnant of the former classic "working-man's" small two-story brick rowhouses, some of which were torn down in Phase One for a proposed cross-town routing of Interstate 95, before long and sustained citizen protests and demonstrations re-routed the expressway further south where it skirts the residential neighborhoods of old South Baltimore and nearby historic Federal Hill, south of Locust Point to the Fort McHenry Tunnel and under the Baltimore Harbor/Patapsco River.
In the late 1970s, the spared rowhouses were offered up to prospective "urban homesteaders" for the famous "dollar a house" and were gradually renovated, updated and restored with additional homes and "row-house-like" apartments and condos constructed in between the older housing fabric, resulting in "Otterbein now being one of Baltimore's showcase neighborhoods visited now by thousands of tourists who stroll its now tree-shaded streets every week-end. Additional renovations and restorations have spread further southeast to the historically ancient black community of "Sharp-Leadenshall" (named for the two intersecting streets), which also had some new housing complexes built that have held their value in the decades since.
To the northwest of the old historic, now landmark church, jumping across the Camden Yards sports complex, the older community-shattering "urban renewal" style of the 1940's to 50's and 60's had spared also those neighborhoods, so "Pigtown"/Washington Village, Ridgely's Delight" with projects of individual house rows and new replica housing along West Barre Street and South Paca Street all the way to the "west-side" of downtown Baltimore's old "Loft District" along West Pratt, Lombard and Redwood Streets between South Howard Street with most of the major clothing and hat manufacturing structures that dominated American menswear business of the late 19th and early 20th Century (spared by the Great Baltimore Fire of 1904, are still there with their solid red-brick Romanesque architecture styles converted over into expensive apartments/condominiums. To the west end of these substantially changed areas is the new "inner beltway" around downtown of the landscaped parkway of Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard connecting into Russell Street extending into the Baltimore-Washington Parkway of Interstate 295 and running parallel to Interstate 395, which both exiting the downtown district of the city to the southwest alongside the other western end of the Camden Yards baseball and football stadiums, which crowd the surrounding streets near the church with sports fans several times a week in season.
The congregation played an important part in the early days and the organization of several American Protestant denominations. In the next century, the original Church of the United Brethren in Christ merged with the Evangelical Association later Evangelical Church to form the Evangelical United Brethren Church (E.U.B.). Meanwhile, on a parallel course, their former German and English Reformed Protestant brothers and sisters from the late 18th Century, which had evolved into the several Methodist Churches. After cooperating with the handful of other American Methodist denominations which had split during the mid-19th Century, first over the role of the historic supervising office of bishops. Methodist EPISCOPAL versus Methodist PROTESTANT Churches - where the word Greek word "episkopos" is used for the supervising "bishop", and the "M.E." Church felt it was important for the Methodists to continue with whereas the opposing simpler "M.P." 's counted on more local congregational authority. Later the other split, which also occurred and ripped apart most other American churches of the time, was over the issue of slavery, with the withdrawal of the Southern congregations into the Methodist Episcopal Church South. The three however unified in a celebrated historic ceremony in 1939, forming The Methodist Church, which brought "the family" back together again.
Then 29 years later, the Methodists reached out across their house to their fellow old German and English Reformed who were so close to them in the Colonial period, who had now been merged into the "E.U.B." Church since XXXX, to join them in 1968 with a wider fellowship now of the disciples of John, (1703-1791), and Charles Wesley, (1707-1788), former Anglican priests who advanced the popular enthusiastic revival of the faith to the old Anglicans in what they perceived as the stuffy old Church of England with those that their fellow missionaries Asbury, Strawbridge and B bb cooperated and fellowshipped with two hundred years before. This was now the wider evangelical and reformed Protestant heritage which came down to a new The United Methodist Church, which was now the second largest church body in America.
Now the old Otterbein Church which uniquely, more than any other congregation in America, had a hand on both sides and a heritage going back now some 230 years. With the new life and neighborhood and city visitors streaming past the ancient brick walls, enabled the congregation to reach out for a third century of mission to its new South Baltimore neighbors.
Otterbein Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969, which is maintained by the National Park Service of the United States Department of the Interior. With the creation in the mid 2000s of the new BaltimoreCity National Heritage numerous large plaques with illustrations and text have been posted around the downtown area along with a simultaneous publication of a map and brochure plus internet website, with tour guides leading various themed tours from the "Inner Harbor" visitors center pavilion, with prominent places published about the Old Otterbein Church and its structure and religious heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="21400512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400512" title="Settlement of Great Britain and Ireland">
Settlement of Great Britain and Ireland

Settlement of Great Britain and Ireland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21400525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400525" title="Piqqem">
Piqqem

Piqqem is an online stock selection service using a method of selection based on the Wisdom of Crowds. It was launched in the fall of 2008 with angel funding from early-stage Apple investor Mike Markkula (the first investor in Apple) and Tellme Networks founder Mike McCue. Piqqem encourages users to make predictions on stock prices with simple graphical icons or using online graphing charts. Piqqem then uses a proprietary algorithm to aggregate the expressed sentiments in graphical and symbolic form and compile those aggregate sentiments to provide predictions on share price movement based on the collective "crowd opinion." Piqqem is similar to current prediction markets like those found on Betfair (sports betting) and the Hollywood Stock Exchange (movie box office returns). Piqqem's competitors include Covestor, Cake Financial, and the Motley Fool, among others. Critics of Piqqem's approach assert that the stock market already reflects the wisdom of crowds in its pricing methodology. The company is located in the Silicon Valley town of Los Altos in Northern California near San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="21400530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400530" title="Jamb statue">
Jamb statue

A jamb statue is a figure carved on the jambs of a doorway or window. These statues are often human figures- either religious figures or secular or ecclesiastical leaders. Jambs are usually a part of a portal, accompanied by lintel and trumeau.
Two commonly known examples of jamb statues are the ones located in Chartres Cathedral, France and the jamb statues located in Reims Cathedral, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21400533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400533" title="Ray Stevens (politician)">
Ray Stevens (politician)

Raymond Alexander (Ray) Stevens, MP (born 1 February 1953) is an Australian politician who is the Leader of the House in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland.
Born in Townsville, Stevens is married with two children. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Finance and Economics from James Cook University and Macquarie University, and was admitted to the Australian Association of Accountants in 1974, being employed by Price Waterhouse in Sydney. He returned to the family station, "Doncaster" in Richmond, before moving to the Gold Coast in 1979. He ran local businesses in the area and was a councillor on Albert Shire Council from 1988 to 1994, serving as Mayor in 1994. After the amalgamation of Albert and Gold Coast, he was mayor of the latter from 1995 to 1997.
Stevens, as member of the Liberal Party, was elected to state parliament in 2006 as the member for Robina, succeeding former state Liberal leader Bob Quinn. In 2008, Stevens joined the new Liberal National Party with the rest of his party and currently holds the parliamentary position of Shadow Minister Tourism and Racing. The redistribution ahead of the 2009 state election renamed his seat to Mermaid Beach; he was re-elected.
On September 11, 2012, Stevens sparked racism claims after using the term "Jihad Jackie" in Parliament to describe opposition spokeswoman Jackie Trad (herself of Catholic-Lebanese heritage). While Stevens withdrew the remark in Parliament upon urging by house speaker, he staunchly maintained using the word Jihad to describe someone of Arabic heritage, on September 11, was nothing he needed to apologise for. He subsequently said Trad needed to "harden up" and had a "glass jaw".

</doc>
<doc id="21400587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400587" title="History of cell membrane theory">
History of cell membrane theory

Cell theory has its origins in seventeenth century microscopy observations, but it would be nearly two hundred years before a complete cell membrane theory be developed to explain what separates cells from the outside world. By the 19th century it was accepted that some form of semi-permeable barrier must exist around a cell. Studies of the action of anesthetic molecules led to the theory that this barrier might be made of some sort of fat (lipid), but the structure was still unknown. A series of pioneering experiments in 1925 indicated that this barrier membrane consisted of two molecular layers of lipids—a lipid bilayer. New characterization tools over the next few decades would confirm this theory, but controversy remained regarding the role of proteins in the cell membrane. Eventually the fluid mosaic model was composed in which proteins “float” in a fluid lipid bilayer "sea". Although simplistic and incomplete, this model is still widely referenced today.
Early barrier theories.
Since the invention of the microscope in the seventeenth century it has been known that plant and animal tissue is composed of cells. The plant cell wall was easily visible even with these early microscopes but no similar barrier was visible on animal cells, though it stood to reason that one must exist. By the mid 19th century, this question was being actively investigated and Moritz Traube noted that this outer layer must be semipermeable to allow transport of ions. Traube had no direct evidence for the composition of this film, though, and incorrectly asserted that it was formed by an interfacial reaction of the cell protoplasm with the extracellular fluid.
The lipid nature of the cell membrane was first correctly intuited by Quincke, who noted that a cell generally forms a spherical shape in water and, when broken in half, forms two smaller spheres. The only other known material to exhibit this behavior was oil. He also noted that a thin film of oil behaves as a semipermeable membrane, precisely as predicted. Based on these observations, Quincke asserted that the cell membrane comprised a fluid layer of fat less than 100 nm thick. This theory was further extended by evidence from the study of anesthetics. Hans Meyer and Ernest Overton independently noticed that the chemicals which act as general anesthetics are also those soluble in both water and oil. They interpreted this as meaning that to pass the cell membrane a molecule must be at least sparingly soluble in oil, their “lipoid theory of narcosis.” Based on this evidence and further experiments, they concluded that the cell membrane might be made of lecithin (phosphatidylcholine) and cholesterol. Interestingly, one of the early criticisms of this theory was that it included no mechanism for energy-dependent selective transport. This “flaw” would remain unanswered for nearly half a century until the discovery that specialized molecules called integral membrane proteins can act as ion pumps.
Discovery of bilayer structure.
Thus, by the early twentieth century the chemical, but not the structural nature of the cell membrane was known. Two experiments in 1925 laid the groundwork to fill in this gap. By measuring the capacitance of erythrocyte solutions Fricke determined that the cell membrane was 3.3 nm thick. Although the results of this experiment were accurate, Fricke misinterpreted the data to mean that the cell membrane is a single molecular layer. Because the polar lipid headgroups are fully hydrated, they do not show up in a capacitance measurement meaning that this experiment actually measured the thickness of the hydrocarbon core, not the whole bilayer. Gorter and Grendel approached the problem from a different perspective, performing a solvent extraction of erythrocyte lipids and spreading the resulting material as a monolayer on a Langmuir-Blodgett trough. When they compared the area of the monolayer to the surface area of the cells, they found a ratio of two to one. Later analyses of this experiment showed several problems including an incorrect monolayer pressure, incomplete lipid extraction and a miscalculation of cell surface area. In spite of these issues the fundamental conclusion- that the cell membrane is a lipid bilayer- was correct.
A decade later, Davson and Danielli proposed a modification to this concept. In their model, the lipid bilayer was coated on either side with a layer of globular proteins. According to their view, this protein coat had no particular structure and was simply formed by adsorption from solution. Their theory was also incorrect in that it ascribed the barrier properties of the membrane to electrostatic repulsion from the protein layer rather than the energetic cost of crossing the hydrophobic core. A more direct investigation of the membrane was made possible through the use of electron microscopy in the late 1950s. After staining with heavy metal labels, Sjöstrand et al. noted two thin dark bands separated by a light region, which they incorrectly interpreted as a single molecular layer of protein. A more accurate interpretation was made by J. David Robertson, who determined that the dark electron-dense bands were the headgroups and associated proteins of two apposed lipid monolayers. In this body of work, Robertson put forward the concept of the “unit membrane.” This was the first time the bilayer structure had been universally assigned to all cell membranes as well as organelle membranes.
Opposing concepts in Cell Theory: History & Background.
The cell was first discovered by Robert Hooke in 1665 using a microscope. The first Cell theory is credited to the work of Theodor Schwann and Matthias Jakob Schleiden in the 1830s. In this theory the internal contents of cells were called protoplasm and described as a jelly-like substance, sometimes called living jelly. At about the same time, colloidal chemistry began its development, and the concepts of bound water emerged. A colloid being something between a solution and a suspension, where brownian motion is sufficient to prevent sedimentation.
The idea of a semipermeable membrane, a barrier that is permeable to solvent but impermeable to solute molecules was developed at about the same time. The term osmosis originated in 1827 and its importance to physiological phenomena realized, but it wasn’t until 1877, when the botanist Pfeffer proposed the membrane theory of cell physiology. In this view, the cell was seen to be enclosed by a thin surface, the plasma membrane, and cell water and solutes such as a potassium ion existed in a physical state like that of a dilute solution. In 1889 Hamburger used hemolysis of erythrocytes to determine the permeability of various solutes. By measuring the time required for the cells to swell past their elastic limit, the rate at which solutes entered the cells could be estimated by the accompanying change in cell volume. He also found that there was an apparent nonsolvent volume of about 50% in red blood cells and later showed that this includes water of hydration in addition to the protein and other nonsolvent components of the cells.
Evolution of the membrane and bulk phase theories.
Two opposing concepts developed within the context of studies on osmosis, permeability, and electrical properties of cells. The first held that these properties all belonged to the plasma membrane whereas the other predominant view was that the protoplasm was responsible for these properties.
The membrane theory developed as a succession of ad-hoc additions and changes to the theory to overcome experimental hurdles. Overton (a distant cousin of Charles Darwin) first proposed the concept of a lipid (oil) plasma membrane in 1899. The major weakness of the lipid membrane was the lack of an explanation of the high permeability to water, so Nathansohn (1904) proposed the mosaic theory. In this view, the membrane is not a pure lipid layer, but a mosaic of areas with lipid and areas with semipermeable gel. Ruhland refined the mosaic theory to include pores to allow additional passage of small molecules. Since membranes are generally less permeable to anions, Leonor Michaelis concluded that ions are adsorbed to the walls of the pores, changing the permeability of the pores to ions by electrostatic repulsion. Michaelis demonstrated the membrane potential (1926) and proposed that it was related to the distribution of ions across the membrane. Harvey and Danielli (1939) proposed a lipid bilayer membrane covered on each side with a layer of protein to account for measurements of surface tension. In 1941 Boyle & Conway showed that the membrane of frog muscle was permeable to both K+ and Cl-, but apparently not to Na+, so the idea of electrical charges in the pores was unnecessary since a single critical pore size would explain the permeability to K+ , H+, and Cl- as well as the impermeability to Na+, Ca+, and Mg++.
Over the same time period, it was shown (Procter & Wilson, 1916) that gels, which do not have a semipermeable membrane, would swell in dilute solutions. Loeb (1920) also studied gelatin extensively, with and without a membrane, showing that more of the properties attributed to the plasma membrane could be duplicated in gels without a membrane. In particular, he found that an electrical potential difference between the gelatin and the outside medium could be developed, based on the H+ concentration. Some criticisms of the membrane theory developed in the 1930's, based on observations such as the ability of some cells to swell and increase their surface area by a factor of 1000. A lipid layer cannot stretch to that extent without becoming a patchwork (thereby losing its barrier properties). Such criticisms stimulated continued studies on protoplasm as the principle agent determining cell permeability properties. In 1938, Fischer and Suer proposed that water in the protoplasm is not free but in a chemically combined form—the protoplasm represents a combination of protein, salt and water—and demonstrated the basic similarity between swelling in living tissues and the swelling of gelatin and fibrin gels. Dimitri Nasonov (1944) viewed proteins as the central components responsible for many properties of the cell, including electrical properties.
By the 1940’s, the bulk phase theories were not as well developed as the membrane theories. In 1941, Brooks & Brooks published a monograph The Permeability of Living Cells, which rejects the bulk phase theories.
The emergence of the steady-state membrane pump concept.
With the development of radioactive tracers, it was shown that cells are not impermeable to Na+. This was difficult to explain with the membrane barrier theory, so the sodium pump was proposed to continually remove Na+ as it permeates cells. This drove the concept that cells are in a state of dynamic equilibrium, constantly using energy to maintain ion gradients. In 1935, karl Lohmann discovered ATP and its role as a source of energy for cells, so the concept of a metabolically-driven sodium pump was proposed.
The tremendous success of Hodgkin, Huxley, and Katz in the development of the membrane theory of cellular membrane potentials, with differential equations that modeled the phenomena correctly, provided even more support for the membrane pump hypothesis.
The modern view of the plasma membrane is of a fluid lipid bilayer that has protein components embedded within it. The structure of the membrane is now known in great detail, including 3D models of many of the hundreds of different proteins that are bound to the membrane.
These major developments in cell physiology placed the membrane theory in a position of dominance and stimulated the imagination of most physiologists, who now apparently accept the theory as fact—there are, however, a few dissenters.
The reemergence of the bulk phase theories.
In 1956, Afanasy S.Troshin published a book, The Problems of Cell Permeability, in Russian (1958 in German, 1961 in Chinese, 1966 in English) in which he found that permeability was of secondary importance in determination of the patterns of equilibrium between the cell and its environment. Troshin showed that cell water decreased in solutions of galactose or urea although these compounds did slowly permeate cells. Since the membrane theory requires an impermanent solute to sustain cell shrinkage, these experiments cast doubt on the theory. Others questioned whether the cell has enough energy to sustain the sodium/potassium pump. Such questions became even more urgent as dozens of new metabolic pumps were added as new chemical gradients were discovered.
In 1962, Gilbert Ling became the champion of the bulk phase theories and proposed his association-induction hypothesis of living cells.
Fluidity and incorporation of proteins.
Around the same time the development of the first model membrane, the painted bilayer, allowed direct investigation of the properties of a simple artificial bilayer. By “painting” a reconstituted lipid solution across an aperture, Mueller and Rudin were able to determine that the resulting bilayer exhibited lateral fluidity, high electrical resistance and self-healing in response to puncture. This form of model bilayer soon became known as a “BLM” although from the beginning the meaning of this acronym has been ambiguous. As early as 1966, BLM was used to mean either “black lipid membrane” or "bimolecular lipid membrane".
This same lateral fluidity was first demonstrated conclusively on the cell surface by Frye and Edidin in 1970. They fused two cells labeled with different membrane-bound fluorescent tags and watched as the two dye populations mixed. The results of this experiment were key in the development of the "fluid mosaic" model of the cell membrane by Singer and Nicolson in 1972. According to this model, biological membranes are composed largely of bare lipid bilayer with proteins penetrating either half way or all the way through the membrane. These proteins are visualized as freely floating within a completely liquid bilayer. This was not the first proposal of a heterogeneous membrane structure. Indeed, as early as 1904 Nathansohn proposed a “mosaic” of water permeable and impermeable regions. But the fluid mosaic model was the first to correctly incorporate fluidity, membrane channels and multiple modes of protein/bilayer coupling into one theory.
Modern research.
Continued research has revealed some shortcomings and simplifications in the original theory. For instance, channel proteins are described as having a continuous water channel through their center, which is now known to be generally untrue (an exception being nuclear pore complexes, which have a 9 nm open water channel). Also, free diffusion on the cell surface is often limited to areas a few tens of nanometers across. These limits to lateral fluidity are due to cytoskeleton anchors, lipid phase separation and aggregated protein structures. Contemporary studies also indicate that much less of the plasma membrane is “bare” lipid than previously thought and in fact much of the cell surface may be protein-associated. In spite of these limitations, the fluid mosaic model remains a popular and often referenced general notion for the structure of biological membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="21400617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400617" title="Anello &amp; Davide">
Anello &amp; Davide

Anello & Davide (founded 1922) is a footwear company based in Covent Garden, London. It specialises in ballet shoes and theatrical footwear as well as making high quality fashion footwear for men and women. They are perhaps best known as the shoemakers responsible for the Beatle boot.
Company history.
Anello & Davide was founded in 1922 by Anello and Davide Gandolfi. They supplied bespoke dance shoes to London theatres and went on to provide shoes for films from the 1930s onwards. From the 1960s onwards the performance footwear that Anello & Davide sold became fashionable street wear. One particularly successful woman's style was the tap-dancer's shoe with a bar strap and ribbon bows. These shoes were able to be easily customised by the wearer. It was a mark of recognition for Anello & Davide's footwear when two of their designs were selected to complete two of the first three Dress Of The Year ensembles. They provided black leather kinky boots to accompany a Mary Quant ensemble in 1963, and a pair of shoes for a John Bates dress in 1965.
Notable clients.
Beatle boots originated at Anello & Davide in the early 1960s. When John Lennon and Paul McCartney of The Beatles saw Chelsea boots in the shop, they commissioned four pairs with Cuban heels. This modified version of a Chelsea boot is now known as a Beatles boot.
Anello & Davide footwear is frequently mentioned in passing in theatrical memoirs and biographies of the mid-20th century London scene. The Beatle boots had a particular mystique, with Mark Feld (later Marc Bolan) purchasing his first pair from Anello & Davide after a London-wide search for the perfect footwear to complete his Mod outfit. Barbara Orbison, the widow of the singer Roy Orbison, remembered how when she met her future husband in 1968, his boots were always made by Anello & Davide.
In addition to the Beatles, Anello & Davide list Marilyn Monroe, Peter Ustinov, Orson Welles, Margaret Rutherford, Jane Fonda and David Niven as having been amongst their celebrity customers. They have also provided footwear to stage musicals such as "Cats" and "Mamma Mia" and to films including the Indiana Jones and Star Wars franchises.
Anello & Davide are occasionally credited as the shoemakers who made the ruby slippers worn by Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale in "The Wizard of Oz". This is not the case, as surviving shoes for the 1939 film are clearly labelled as being from the Innes Shoe Company in Los Angeles. On their website, Anello & Davide simply state they have been "called upon to create unforgettable cinema icons - such as Dorothy's unforgettable red slippers "The Wizard of Oz".". It is more probable that the firm provided the plain red leather shoes with Louis heels that were customised for the 1985 film "Return To Oz", or at the very least, made replicas for stage productions.
Production.
It takes an average of six months to make each pair of custom shoes using a cast of the client's foot. On February 15, 2009, Anello & Davide's warehouse in Park Royal was seriously damaged by fire, destroying their stock, machinery and their collection of celebrity foot casts. Among the casts lost were those of Queen Elizabeth II and Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother.
In May 2004, Anello & Davide produced their first ready-to-wear shoe collection for men. They offered 25 contemporary/classic designs, including slip-on loafers and scooter boots.

</doc>
<doc id="21400623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400623" title="1936 Chicago Cardinals season">
1936 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1936 Chicago Cardinals season was their 17th in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 6–4–2, winning only three games. Playing their first seven games on the road, they failed to qualify for the playoffs for the 11th consecutive season. 

</doc>
<doc id="21400629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400629" title="Carryn Sullivan">
Carryn Sullivan

Carryn Elizabeth Sullivan (born 6 September 1955) is an Australian politician. Born at Millmerran, she achieved a Bachelor of Education and a diploma in primary school teaching. She was a Caboolture Shire Councillor from 1991 until she retired in 1994, and was secretary of the Bribie Island branch of the Australian Labor Party. She held the seat of Pumicestone for Labor in Legislative Assembly of Queensland from its creation at the 2001 election until her defeat at the 2012 election.
Her husband, Jon Sullivan, is a former MLA for Caboolture and former MP for the federal division of Longman.

</doc>
<doc id="21400636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400636" title="Altin Kaftira">
Altin Kaftira

Altin Kaftira (b. 1972 in Albania) is a former danseur with the Dutch National Ballet in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He danced with the Ballet from 1995 on, and from 2000 to 2007 was the Ballet's principal dancer (working with choreographers such as Hans van Manen, Rudi van Dantzig, Jerome Robbins, Alexei Ratmansky, Christopher Wheeldon and Ted Brandsen), and has danced in almost a dozen George Balanchine ballets. In 2007, he left to pursue a career as a filmmaker. One of his first film assignments was the production and direction of the 75th anniversary gala for Hans van Manen.
In 2002 the then-president of Albania, Rexhep Meidani, awarded Kaftira with the title of Art's Ambassador of the Nation.
In an interview with Kaftira just before his retirement, Dutch critic and writer Herman Stevens, in an article in the Dutch magazine "HP/De Tijd", called him an audience favorite, a star possessing the most charisma of any dancer at the National Ballet.

</doc>
<doc id="21400640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400640" title="All-time Chivas USA roster">
All-time Chivas USA roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Chivas USA since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 2005. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (U.S. Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21400648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400648" title="Court dwarf">
Court dwarf

Early dwarfs, whose histories were recorded, were sometimes employed as Court Dwarfs. They were owned, exploited, and traded amongst people of the court, and delivered as gifts to fellow kings and queens. Ancient Egypt saw dwarfs as being people with significant sacred associations, so owning a dwarf gave a person high social stature.
About.
Court dwarfs enjoyed their specific placement right next to the royal court. The court dwarfs would surround the king during his public appearances and ceremonies. Because they were so small, the king appeared much larger and visually enhanced his powerful position.

</doc>
<doc id="21400670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400670" title="Geoff Wilson (Australian politician)">
Geoff Wilson (Australian politician)

Geoffrey James "Geoff" Wilson (born 5 November 1952) is an Australian politician. Born in Culcairn in New South Wales, he was a barrister and union official. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Ferny Grove, which he has represented since. He was appointed Minister for Mines and Energy in September 2006 by Peter Beattie, and continued in that post after Anna Bligh took over as Premier a year later. Following the 2009 election, he was named Minister for Education and Training. In the February 2011 reshuffle, he was appointed Minister for Health. He served in that post until Anna Bligh resigned following Labor's loss at 2012 election, in which Wilson lost his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="21400671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400671" title="Silston Cory-Wright">
Silston Cory-Wright

Silston Cory-Wright, M.C., B.Sc. (Eng.), A.M.I.C.E., M.N.Z.I.E. 1888 - 1976 Engineer, university lecturer, soldier, company director
Early life.
Silston Cory-Wright was born at Sigglesthorne Hall, Hornsea, Yorkshire, England, on 22 September 1888. He was the son of George Henry Cory Wright and his wife, Ellen Green Wade. The grandson of Sir William Wright, the double-barrelled surname came about as a result of a disagreement between George’s side of the family and his half-siblings.
During his early years, Cory-Wright’s mother taught him several foreign languages, including German, which proved to be useful in later life. His father spent much of his time managing the family's estates, the income from which had been largely invested in Canada, and in particular the Canadian Pacific Railway. Heavy losses in these investments in the 1890s influenced the family's decision to move from England. After living in Norway, Jamaica and Morocco for a number of years, the family returned to live in England.
Early engineering career.
Cory-Wright had trained as a design draftsman and spent two years at the University of Birmingham. In 1905, he moved to Zurich in Switzerland to undertake an engineering apprenticeship with Escher Wyss and Company. During this time, he also followed his passion of mountaineering in the Swiss Alps, while studying for a BSc in engineering from London University. During this time, he supervised the installation and commissioning of Escher Wyss equipment at Kinlochleven power station for Britain's first aluminium smelter at Fort William, in Scotland. By 1910, he had become an associate member of the Institution of Civil Engineers, London.
Hydro-electric engineering work.
While Cory-Wright was working in Zurich designing turbines, a senior engineer with the New Zealand Public Works Department visited the company, and Cory-Wright was asked to show him the Albula hydroelectric station, a major engineering project in the area. This was a similar power station to that planned for the first hydroelectric station to be built by the New Zealand Government, at Lake Coleridge in the South Island.
In 1912, Cory-Wright decided to emigrate to New Zealand, having accepted an appointment as a lecturer in the new associateship in engineering course at Auckland University College. Between 1913 and 1923, he negotiated the sale of the first six Lake Coleridge turbines, which were based on the Albula design. When the German-born Swiss engineer that had been contracted to install the turbines was interned by the New Zealand Government at the beginning of the First World War, Cory-Wright was asked to supervise the installation and maintenance of the initial three units.
First World War.
In November 1915, he joined the Corps of New Zealand Engineers, and by 1916 had served in both Egypt and France. Owing to his fluency in the German language, he was seconded in early 1917 as an intelligence officer to the New Zealand Division in France. By the end of the war, he had been promoted to the rank of captain and had won the Military Cross for frontline duties.
Formation of Cory-Wright and Salmon.
After the war, Cory-Wright returned to university lecturing in Auckland. It was in 1920 that he joined Cedric Salmon, a fellow officer in the Engineers, in founding the engineering firm Cory-Wright and Salmon. The business was based on the partners' contacts with major British firms, such as Vickers and English Electric, but also represented over 50 other large international engineering companies. It supplied a considerable diversity of engineering equipment, with a particular focus on railways. Examples included: electrical components for the Lyttelton-Christchurch line (1928), electric train units for the Wellington-Johnsonville line (1938), and electric locomotives for the main trunk line beginning with Wellington-Paekakariki (1939–40).
Contracts were also secured through Cory-Wright's interest in hydro-electric development. On behalf of Cory-Wright and Salmon, he supervised the installation of Escher Wyss turbines at Lake Coleridge, and many hydroelectric units for English Electric. By the 1950s, he had been associated with every significant South Island hydro-electric power station and several in the North Island.
His engineering experience was also acknowledged in Australia. In the 1930s, he advised on remedial measures after a major hydraulic failure in a Tasmania project.
He remained closely involved with the firm he co-founded until his death in 1976. After his retirement, Cory-Wright and Salmon remained well known for its engineering work in prominent New Zealand engineering projects: in partnership with Swiss firm Habegger AG on the Wellington Cable Car, the Ohaaki geothermal power scheme north of Taupo, and the commissioning of the British Aircraft Corporation Strikemaster fighter for the Royal New Zealand Air Force.
Personal life and family.
Cory-Wright was married in Auckland on 4 December 1924 to Jean Isobel MacLennan. From 1928 until his death, the couple lived in the historic crescent-shaped Wadestown residence known as 'the Banana House', a former private hospital. This property housed a large grapevine in its conservatory. This residence was used in a scene for the historical 1977 television drama "The Governor", an historical drama mini-series based on a biography of Governor George Grey, featuring Corin Redgrave in the title role.
In 1924, while on holiday, Cory-Wright rescued a non-swimmer in the sea off Tairua, Coromandel, after a fishing accident. He kept the man alive in the water for several hours before help could be summoned. Cory-Wright was awarded a Royal Humane Society of New Zealand bravery medal, in recognition of his actions.
Cory-Wright died in Wellington on 3 March 1976, and was survived by two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="21400675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400675" title="Journal of Management">
Journal of Management

The Journal of Management is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications and covering both empirical and theoretical research on all aspects of management, as well as the related field of industrial and organizational psychology. Special issues containing review articles only are published biannually in January and July. It is an official journal of the Southern Management Association. The journal was established in 1975 and the editor-in-chief is Deborah E. Rupp (Purdue University).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the 2012 "Journal Citation Reports" the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 6.704, ranking it first out of 72 journals in the category "Psychology, Applied", second out of 116 journals in the category "Business", and second out of 172 journals in the category "Management".

</doc>
<doc id="21400704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400704" title="Ayush Mahesh Khedekar">
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar

Ayush Mahesh Khedekar (Marathi: आयुष महेश खेडेकर; born 5 April 2000, in Mumbai) is an Indian child actor, best known for playing the child version of young Jamal Malik in "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008), for which he won a Screen Actors Guild Award.
Biography.
Ayush is from Bhayandar, a distant Mumbai suburb, originally from Ratnagiri, KhedekarWadi and studies at the RBK School. His mother Sayali is a teacher in a Marathi medium school. His father Mahesh used to be a Marathi theatre actor, but he stopped acting after Ayush was born. Mahesh is currently an engineer with the Bombay Port Trust.
Acting career.
Ayush has been acting in India since age 4, appearing in commercials for Britannia, Colgate, Kelloggs and HDFC. He has also acted in television shows like "Baa Bahoo Aur Baby", "Kayaamat" and "Karam Apna Apna", and appeared in the Bollywood film "Family".
He made his international film debut in "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008). His role won a lot of praise from audience and critics alike for his natural ability to act and his screen presence that makes up a significant portion of the film. His performance has earned him the 2009 Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture (shared with ten other cast members), and a 2008 British Independent Film Award nomination for Most Promising Newcomer.
Ayush is also in "Zara Nachke Dikha" as a young dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="21400707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400707" title="Cotyttia">
Cotyttia

Cotyttia (, "Kotuttiā") was an orgiastic, nocturnal religious festival of ancient Greece and Thrace in celebration of Cotytto, the goddess of sex, considered an aspect of Persephone.
Celebration.
Cotyttia originated with the Edones as a celebration of the rape of Persephone. Throughout Thrace it was celebrated secretly in the hills at night, and was notorious for its obscenity and insobriety.
Through influence of trade and commerce, the Edonian form of the festival spread to Athens, Corinth, and Chios, where its mark became so pronounced that "companion of Cotytto" became synonymous with "slut".
In Sicily the rites of Cotyttia were much more mundane, celebrating the waxing aspect of Persephone.

</doc>
<doc id="21400709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400709" title="List of awards and nominations received by Adele">
List of awards and nominations received by Adele

Adele (birth name Adele Laurie Blue Adkins) is an English singer-songwriter. She has released two studio albums: "19" was released in January 2008 and "21" was released in January 2011 through XL Recordings and Columbia Records. Several singles from "19" charted on the United States' "Billboard" charts and the United Kingdom's Singles Chart, including "Chasing Pavements", "Cold Shoulder", "Hometown Glory", and "Make You Feel My Love".
The success of Adele's debut album won her several awards, including Critic's Choice from the Brit Awards, a European Border Breakers Award for Best Album and a Grammy Award for Best New Artist. For "Chasing Pavements", Adele received eight nominations, including three from the Grammy Awards (Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance) and one each from the BMI London Awards, the Brit Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, mtvU Woodie Awards, and the Q Awards.
The record-breaking success of Adele's second album, "21", has earned her seven Grammy Awards, two Brit Awards, three American Music Awards, twelve Billboard Music Awards, two Ivor Novello Awards, MOBO Awards and Urban Music Awards. "Rolling in the Deep" received nominations from the BT Digital Music Awards, the MTV Video Music Awards, the Q Awards and the Teen Choice Awards. In 2013, she received an Academy Award, Golden Globe Award and Critics Choice Award for Best Original Song for "Skyfall".
Overall, Adele has received 98 awards from 183 nominations.
Academy Awards.
The Academy Award, informally known as The Oscars, are a set of awards given annually for excellence of cinematic achievements. The Oscar statuette is officially named the Academy Award of Merit and is one of nine types of Academy Awards. Organized and overseen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), the awards are given each year at a formal ceremony. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973 and one of several annual major American music awards shows (among the others are the Grammy Awards, the MTV Video Music Awards etc.). Adele has won four awards out of five nominations.
AIM Independent Music Awards.
The AIM Independent Music Awards, hosted by the Association of Independent Music (AIM), were established in 2011 to recognize artists signed to independent record labels in the United Kingdom. Most of the categories and nominations are selected by an independent judging panel, though some are decided by the public. Adele has received three awards from three nominations.
Arqiva Commercial Radio Awards.
The Arqiva Commercial Radio Awards is an annual award ceremony celebrating the success of the British commercial radio industry. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards, hosted by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), recognize "excellence and innovation across all genres" of music in Australia. The awards are judged by a panel of over 1000 members from different sectors of the music industry, with some awards decided by members of the public. Adele has been nominated twice.
ASCAP Pop Music Awards.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers presents a series of annual awards shows in seven different music categories: pop, rhythm and soul, film and television, Latin, country, Christian, and concert music. Adele has won one award from one nomination.
Billboard Music Awards.
Adele won 13 awards out of 25 nominations.
BMI Film & TV Awards.
Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI) is one of three United States performing rights organizations, along with ASCAP and SESAC. BMI Award shows include the BMI Latin Awards, BMI Pop Awards, BMI Film/TV Awards, BMI Urban Awards, BMI London Awards, BMI Country Awards, BMI Christian Awards, and the BMI Trailblazers of Gospel Music Luncheon.
BMI London Awards.
Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI) is one of three United States performing rights organizations, along with ASCAP and SESAC. It collects license fees on behalf of songwriters, composers, and music publishers and distributes them as royalties to those members whose works have been performed. Adele has won five awards from five nominations.
BMI Pop Awards.
(BMI) is one of three United States performing rights organizations, along with ASCAP and SESAC. It collects license fees on behalf of songwriters, composers, and music publishers and distributes them as royalties to those members whose works have been performed. The BMI Pop Awards it is the US equivalent ceremony to BMI London Awards. Adele has won four awards out of four nominations.
Brit Awards.
The Brit Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's (BPI) annual pop music awards. Adele has received four awards from eight nominations.
BT Digital Music Awards.
The BT Digital Music Awards are held annually in the United Kingdom. Adele has won one award out of six nominations.
CMT Music Awards.
The CMT Music Awards is a fan-voted awards show for country music videos and television performances. The awards ceremony is held every year in Nashville, Tennessee and broadcast live on the Country Music Television (CMT). Voting takes place on CMT's website. The CMT Performance of the Year award recognized quality musical performances on television show, series or variety special on the network). Adele was nominated for her 2010 CMT Award for Performance of the Year by performing
"Need You Now" alongside Darius Rucker.
Critics' Choice Movie Awards.
The Critics' Choice Movie Awards are presented annually since 1995 by the Broadcast Film Critics Association for outstanding achievements in the cinema industry. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
European Independent Album of the Year.
The European Independent Album of the Year Award is selected annually by the IMPALA Independent Music Companies Association based on artistic merit alone, regardless of sales figures and publicity, from a nomination shortlist from which a jury then selects a winner. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
ECHO Music Awards.
The ECHO Music Awards were organized in 1992 by German Phonoakademie, the cultural institute of the German Music Industry Association (BVMI), to recognize "outstanding and successful works of national and international music artists". Award winners are determined by representatives of record companies, music publishers, artists, critics and other professionals within the German music industry. Adele won two awards out of two nominations.
European Border Breakers Awards.
The European Border Breakers Awards (EBBA) were established in 2004 by the European Commission and several companies and organizations within the European music business. Awards are presented to musicians and bands with the best selling debut albums in the European Union, not counting their home country. Award recipients are selected based on Nielsen Music Control research, European Broadcasting Union data and participating European Talent Exchange Program participants. Ceremonies are organized by the Noorderslag Foundation. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
Fryderyk 2012.
The Fryderyk is the annual award in Polish music. Officially created in 1994, awards are presented across three main sections – popular music, classical music, and jazz. Adele has won one award from one nomination.
Glamour Women of the Year Awards.
Started in 1989, Glamour magazine hosts an annual Woman of the Year awards ceremony to honour extraordinary and inspirational women from a variety of fields, including entertainment, business, sports, music, science, medicine, education and politics. Adele has received two awards.
Golden Globe Awards.
The Golden Globe Award is an accolade bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) recognizing excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the music industry. Often considered the highest music honor, the awards were established in 1958. Adele has received ten awards from 13 nominations. In 2012, Adele became the second female artist to win six awards in one night. Adele is only the second artist (following Christopher Cross) to have won all four of the General Field ("Big four") awards at the Grammys.
Houston Film Critics Society.
The Houston Film Critics Society is a non-profit film critic organization in Houston, Texas, United States. The group presents an annual set of film awards for "extraordinary accomplishment in film" in a ceremony held at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston. The organization, founded in 2007 by Danny Minton and Nick Nicholson, includes 25 film critics for print, radio, television, and internet publications in the greater Houston area. Adele has received one award.
Ivor Novello Awards.
The Ivor Novello Awards, named after the Cardiff born entertainer Ivor Novello, are awards for songwriting and composing. They are presented annually in London by the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA) and were first introduced in 1955. Adele has won two awards from five nominations.
Juno Awards.
The Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music. New members of the Canadian Music Hall of Fame are also inducted as part of the awards ceremonies. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
Las Vegas Film Critics Society.
The Las Vegas Film Critics Society (LVFCS) is a non-profit organization, composed of selected print, television and internet film critics in the Las Vegas Valley. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
Mercury Prize.
The Mercury Prize, formerly the Mercury Music Prize, is an annual music prize awarded for the best album from the United Kingdom or Ireland. It was established by BPI and BARD (the British Association of Record Dealers) in 1992 as an alternative to the industry-dominated BRIT Awards. The awards usually take place in September, but nominated albums are announced in July. Nominations are chosen by a selected panel of musicians, music executives, journalists and other figures in the music industry in the UK and Ireland. Adele has been nominated twice.
MOBO Awards.
The Music of Black Origin Awards (MOBO), first presented in 1996, are held annually in the United Kingdom to recognize artists of any race or nationality who perform black music and "recognise the outstanding achievements of artists who perform music in genres ranging from Gospel, Jazz, RnB, Soul, Reggae to Hip Hop". Adele has received one award from five nominations.
Most Excellent Order of the British Empire.
The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is an order of chivalry established on 4 June 1917 by King George V. The Order is composed of five classes in civil and military divisions and these are: Knight Grand Cross or Dame Grand Cross (GBE), Knight Commander or Dame Commander (KBE or DBE), Commander (CBE), Officer (OBE), Member (MBE).
MP3 Music Awards.
The MP3 Music Awards were established in 2007 to honour popular artists and quality MP3 players and retailers. Award winners are chosen by a public vote. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
Music Week Awards.
The Music Week Awards was created to recognise commercial and creative successes in the UK music industry across fields including marketing, sales, distribution and retail. Adele has won two awards.
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards (also known as the MMVA or MMVAs) are annual awards presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic to honour the year's best music videos. Adele has received one nomination.
MTV.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards were established in 1994 by MTV Networks Europe to celebrate the most popular music videos in Europe. Adele has received one award out of six nominations.
MTV's Song of the Year.
Adele has received one Song of the Year award.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in the end of the summer of 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. Adele has received three awards from nine nominations. Choreographer Marguerite Derricks was nominated alongside Adele for "Chasing Pavements". Adele's three awards for "Rolling in the Deep" were shared with art director Nathan Parker, cinematographer Tom Townend, and Art Jones at Work for editing.
MTV Video Music Brazil.
Established in 1995, the MTV Video Music Brazil awards, commonly known as VMB, are MTV Brasil's annual award ceremony. Many award winners are chosen by MTV viewers. Adele has been nominated once.
mtvU Woodie Awards.
mtvU, a division of MTV Networks owned by Viacom, broadcasts a 24-hour television channel available on more than 750 college and university campuses across the United States. mtvU holds an annual awards show, the mtvU Woodie Awards, in which winners are determined by online voting. Adele has been nominated once.
NAACP Image Awards.
An NAACP Image Award is an accolade presented by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to honour outstanding people of colour in film, television, music, and literature. Adele has been nominated twice.
Net Joven.
Net Joven is an online magazine that began earlier with the name of Latin Teen Magazine, which as the weeks became a complete and effective website about Gossip and entertainment news of Hollywood stars of all youth.
NRJ Music Awards.
The NRJ Music Awards, created in 2000 by the French radio station NRJ in partnership with the French television network TF1. Adele has received two awards out of three nominations.
NME Awards.
The NME Awards is an annual music awards show in the United Kingdom, founded by the music magazine, "NME" ("New Musical Express"). The first awards show was held in 1953 as the NME Poll Winners Concerts, shortly after the founding of the magazine. Adele has been nominated once.
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards', also known as the KCAs or Kids Choice Awards, is an annual awards show that airs on the Nickelodeon cable channel that honours the year's biggest television, movie, and music acts, as voted by Nickelodeon viewers. Adele has been nominated once.
Nickelodeon UK Kids Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards (also known as the KCAs) is an annual awards show, similar to the American and Australian versions. Adele has won two award from two nomination.
OGAE Song Contest.
The OGAE Song Contest is an audio event in which all OGAE national clubs can enter with an original song released in the previous 12 months in their countries, and sung in one of the country's official languages. Adele has received one award out of two nominations.
People's Choice Awards.
The People's Choice Awards is an American awards show recognizing the people and the work of popular culture. The show has been held annually since 1975 and is voted on by the general public. Adele has been nominated six times.In 2012, Adele's album, "21", lost to Lady GaGa's album, "Born This Way", at the People Choice Awards for Favorite Album of the Year
Phoenix Film Critics Society.
The Phoenix Film Critics Society (PFCS) is an organisation of film reviewers from Phoenix-based publications. Adele has received one award from one nomination.
Los Premios 40 Principales.
Los Premios 40 Principales is an award show by the musical radio station Los 40 Principales, created in 2006 to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of its founding. Adele has won one award from one nomination.
Premios Oye!
Premios Oye! are presented annually by the Academia Nacional de la Música en México for outstanding achievements in Mexican record industry. Adele has won two awards of two nominations.
Q Awards.
The Q Awards are the United Kingdom's annual music awards run by the music magazine "Q" to honour musical excellence. Winners are voted by readers of "Q" online, with others decided by a judging panel. Adele has received two awards from four nominations.
RIAA Diamond Awards.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a trade organization that represents recording industry distributors in the United States. Reflecting additional growth in music sales, the Diamond award was instituted in 1999 for albums or singles selling ten million units. Because of these changes in criteria, the sales level associated with a particular award depends on when the award was made.
Satellite Awards.
The Satellite Awards are an annual award given by the International Press Academy. Adele has been nominated once.
Soul Train Music Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards are produced by the makers of "Soul Train" to honour entertainers. Adele has been nominated three times.
South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
The South Bank Show is a television arts magazine show that was produced by ITV between 1978 and 2010, and by Sky Arts from 27 May 2012. The South Bank Sky Arts Awards were established in 1996. Adele has received one nomination.
Swiss Music Awards.
The Swiss Music Awards are presented the Press Play Association in conjunction with Media Control Switzerland to national and international musicians in over ten categories. Adele has won two awards from two nominations.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards is an annual awards show that airs on the Fox Network. The awards honor the year's biggest achievements in music, movies, sports, television, fashion and other categories, voted by teen viewers aged 13 to 19. Adele has received five nominations.
The Record of the Year.
The Record of the Year is an award voted by the UK public. The award began in 1998, and was televised on ITV for eight years before being dropped in 2006 after disagreements over the phone voting element. Since then it has been an online poll, administered through the company's website. Adele has received two nominations.
UK Music Video Awards.
The UK Music Video Awards is an annual award ceremony founded in 2008 to recognise creativity, technical excellence and innovation in music videos and moving images for music. Adele has received two awards from three nominations.
Urban Music Awards.
The Urban Music Awards is a British awards ceremony launched in 2003 to recognise the achievement of urban-based artists, producers, nightclubs, DJs, radio stations, and record labels. Adele has received one award from four nominations.
World Music Awards.
The World Music Awards is an annual international awards show founded in 1989 that honours recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). Adele has received eight nominations.
World Soundtrack Academy Awards.
The World Soundtrack Academy, launched in 2001 by the Flanders International Film Festival Ghent, is aimed at organizing and overseeing the educational, cultural and professional aspects of the art of film music, including the preservation of the history of the soundtrack and its worldwide promotion. The event takes place yearly in Ghent, Belgium with the ceremony usually at the Bijloke Concert Hall.
#VEVOCertified Video Awards.
Vevo (stylized vevo) is a video hosting service owned and operated by a joint venture of Universal Music Group (UMG), Google, Sony Music Entertainment (SME) and Abu Dhabi Media. In June 2012, Vevo launched its Certified awards, which honors artists with at least 100 million views on Vevo and its partners (including YouTube) through special features on the Vevo website.

</doc>
<doc id="21400723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400723" title="Lelis syndrome">
Lelis syndrome

Lelis syndrome it is a genetic disorder, a rare condition with dermatological and dental findings characterized by the association of ectodermal dysplasia (hypotrichosis and hypohidrosis) with acanthosis nigricans. Other clinical features may include palmoplantar hyperkeratosis, nail dystrophy, intellectual deficit, disturbances of skin pigmentation (perioral and periorbital hyperpigmentation, vitiligo, and perinevic leukoderma) and hypodontia. Transmission is autosomal recessive.

</doc>
<doc id="21400725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400725" title="New York Metropolitans all-time roster">
New York Metropolitans all-time roster

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21400731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400731" title="PS 96 (Bronx)">
PS 96 (Bronx)

PS 96 is a public elementary school in the Bronx. It is part of New York City Public Schools, which is the largest system of its kind in the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="21400760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400760" title="Alan Comfort">
Alan Comfort

Alan Comfort (born 8 December 1964) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger. Active between 1980 and 1989 before his career was cut short by injury, Comfort played for four teams, scoring 53 goals in 228 games in the Football League.
Career.
Born in Aldershot, Comfort began his career at Queens Park Rangers, turning professional in 1980. After spending four years at Queens Park Rangers without making an appearance in the Football League, Comfort signed for Cambridge United in 1984. In two seasons with Cambridge, Comfort scored five goals in 63 games, before moving to Leyton Orient in early 1986. Comfort spent three-and-a-half seasons with Orient, scoring 46 goals in 150 appearances. After moving to Middlesbrough in 1989, where he scored 2 goals in 15 games, Comfort's career was cut short by a knee injury at the age of 25. 
After football.
Comfort, who became a Christian at age 20 while at Cambridge United, trained as an Anglican Vicar at Ridley Hall College, Cambridge and has served as Chaplain to former club Leyton Orient for many years. He has led churches in Chadwell Heath, Buckhurst Hill, Epping, Loughton, Chelmsford, where his evangelical biblical teaching proved controversial, and is now leading a church in Walthamstow, London. He is married to Jill, and has three children, Sarah, Henry and Ollie.

</doc>
<doc id="21400762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400762" title="Spartak Stadium (Mogilev)">
Spartak Stadium (Mogilev)

Spartak Stadion is a football stadium in Mahilyow, Belarus. It is the home stadium of FC Dnepr Mahilyow of the Belarusian Premier League. The stadium holds 7,990 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="21400768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400768" title="1936 Detroit Lions season">
1936 Detroit Lions season

The 1936 Detroit Lions season was their seventh in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 7–3–2, losing four games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="21400783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400783" title="Evla">
Evla

Evla () is a village in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia. Located in the northern part of the municipality, it is just under 5 km from the municipal centre of Resen.
Demographics.
As of the 2002 census, Evla has 106 residents, roughly one-quarter of its 1961 population.

</doc>
<doc id="21400786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400786" title="Torpedo Stadium (Mahilyow)">
Torpedo Stadium (Mahilyow)

Torpedo Stadium is a football stadium in Mahilyow, Belarus. It is the home stadium of FC Savit Mahilyou of the Belarusian Premier League. The stadium holds 3,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="21400795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400795" title="Couillet">
Couillet

Couillet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21400805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400805" title="Yunost Stadium (Smorgon)">
Yunost Stadium (Smorgon)

Junost Stadium is a football stadium in Smarhon, Belarus. It is the home stadium of FC Smarhon of the Belarusian Premier League. The stadium holds 3,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="21400816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400816" title="Jowett Walk">
Jowett Walk

Jowett Walk is a road in central Oxford, England. It connects Mansfield Road to the west with St Cross Road to the east, running parallel with and north of Holywell Street.
The road was formerly named Love Lane and used to continue north to South Parks Road on what is now Mansfield Road. It is now named after the well-known Victorian Master of Balliol College, Benjamin Jowett (1817–1893). Much of the land in the area is owned by Balliol College, including the playing fields to the north and student housing.
Merton College has a graduate annex to the south of Jowett Walk at the eastern end.
The Geography Department of Oxford University was on the corner with Mansfield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21400844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400844" title="Buck Creek State Park">
Buck Creek State Park

Buck Creek State Park is a Ohio state park in Clark County, Ohio in the United States, around part of Buck Creek (or Lagonda Creek). The park is leased by the state of Ohio from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. It includes C. J. Brown Reservoir and Dam, a flood control dam and reservoir built by the USACE as part of a flood control system in the Ohio River drainage basin. Buck Creek State Park is open for year-round recreation including camping, boating, hunting, fishing, swimming, picnicking and hiking.
History.
Indian wars.
The land in and around Buck Creek State Park was inhabited by various Indian tribes prior to settlement by Anglo-American pioneers. As happened all over the Ohio Territory white settlers from the east sought to drive the Indians from the land. One of the first major conflicts in Clark County happened in 1780 when George Rogers Clark, for whom Clark County is named, led a group of some 1,000 men from Kentucky in an attack against the Indians in Ohio. This attack forced the Shawnee to abandon their camp near what is now Xenia. They fled Old Chillicothe for Piqua near the present site of Springfield and Buck Creek State Park. Clark pursued the Shawnee and defeated them at the Battle of Piqua. Many of the Shawnee were not killed in the battle, and managed to survive under the assistance of Shawnee War Chief Joseph "Tomahawk" Williams. They managed to escape into the woodlands. Tecumseh was one of those Indians and he vowed to gain vengeance on Clark and his fellow attackers. Clark and his men did not hold the land they gained in the battle. They retreated back to Kentucky and the Shawnee built a new Piqua on the banks of the Miami River. Hostilities between whites and Indians were at a brief standstill in the area of Buck Creek and the Mad River.
Pioneer settlers.
Clark County was safely opened to settlement by whites following the Battle of Fallen Timbers aka falling trees and resulting Treaty of Greenville aka dankville when the Wyandot, Lenape, Shawnee, Ottawa, Chippewa, Potawatomi, Miami, Wea, Kickapoo, Kaskaskia and Smackahoe tribes surrender their claims to the land in what would become Ohio, Indiana and Illinois. Simon Kenton led a group of six Kentucky families into the area of Buck Creek and the Mad River. This group of settlers remained at the confluence of Buck Creek and the Mad River for two years before moving elsewhere. Kenton would then build a home along Buck Creek north of present day Springfield. Kenton and following settlers began clearing land for farming. The fallen trees were used to build homes and barns.
Settlers quickly moved into the area and farmed the fertile land. Springfield was established in 1801 and was named the county seat of Clark County. Markets to the east and west were opened to the Buck Creek State Park area in 1840 with the completion of the National Road, now U.S. Route 40. Springfield transformed from an agriculture based community to an industrial center. In fact the city led the nation in the production of farming tools.
C. J. Brown Reservoir.
C. J. Brown Reservoir and Dam is named for Clarence J. Brown who was the State Statistician of Ohio and published several newspapers at the president of the Brown Publishing Company. Brown was also the Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1919-1923, the Ohio Secretary of State from 1927-1933, was the Republican nominee for Governor in 1934 and finally served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1939 until his death in 1965. The House of Representatives named the dam project in his honor with a bipartisan resolution.
The dam was built across Buck Creek to control flooding in the Ohio River basin. It is made of rock fill with a sand and gravel core. It measures across and 72 high. The reservoir covers with a drainage area of .
Crabill Homestead.
Crabill Homestead is on the National Register of Historic Places. It on the west shore of the reservoir in Buck Creek State Park. The homestead was settled in 1813 by David and Barbara Crabill who arrived in the area on a Conestoga Wagon from Virginia. The home is a two story Federal style house that is surrounded by various outbuildings. The homestead remained in the family until the early 1900s when it was left unoccupied until 1971. The property was slated to be demolished with the construction of the dam. Instead the Clark County Historical Society acquired the property and painstakingly restored and preserved the homestead having it open to public from 1975-2007.
In 2010, the Homestead was acquired by George Rogers Clark Heritage Association of Clark County, and will again be opened seasonally, offering a picturesque environment on the shoes of Clarence J. Brown Reservoir for public tours, historical lectures, meetings, banquets, and weddings, beginning Spring 2011
Natural history.
Buck Creek State Park is located in an area of moraines. That are a result of the Last glacial period. The moraines are low hills that were built as the glaciers receded over 12,000 years ago. They are made of gravel and sand that piled up as the pace of glacial retreat changed over the course of time. Ancient streams were covered by sand and gravel deposited by the retreating glaciers. These streams are now springs. The springs form the numerous bogs and fens that are found throughout Clark and Champaign Counties.
The bogs and fens are home to a variety of rare and unusual plant species including horned bladderwort and round-leaved sundew. Also found in the park is the spotted turtle which is endangered in Ohio. Buck Creek State Park is also home to many migrating waterfowl species and some rare songbirds including, Henslow's sparrows, dickcissels, and bobolinks.
More than of land are protected at Buck Creek State Park. Early settlers to the area described this land as being a prairie or wet prairie. The soil was very fertile and most of it was converted into farmland. Not all of the land was farmed and it was left in its natural state in isolated patches. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Ohio Department of Natural Resources have been able to use seeds from these patches to restore the prairie to some of the land at Buck Creek State Park. A large restored area is below the dam at the park. The field as nest boxes that attract Tree Swallows and Eastern Bluebirds. Non-native and invasive plant species are managed by hand pulling, cutting, mowing, burning and spraying projects. Seeds from the native plants are gathered in autumn and planted in spring in an ongoing effort to restore the area to a natural prairie environment. According to ancient theorist/ folk lore scholar Taylor "Dave" Fox the reservoir was flooded in 1902 due to a failing farm economy in Springfield to attract tourists and help gain city revenue.
Recreation.
Buck Creek State Park is open for year-round recreation. Twenty-six air conditioned cottages are available to rent in a wooded area. Some have a view of the reservoir. There are 89 electric and 22 rustic campsites at the park. C. J. Brown Reservoir is open to all boating. Water skiing is permitted at the park. Common game fish include walleye, bass and pan fish. A swimming area on the lake is open during the summer months. Trails that are open to hiking, horse-back riding and snowmobiles measure in length. Picnic areas are spread throughout the park.

</doc>
<doc id="21400851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400851" title="Landen (disambiguation)">
Landen (disambiguation)

Landen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21400864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400864" title="Im Auftrag des Herrn... – Die Toten Hosen Live">
Im Auftrag des Herrn... – Die Toten Hosen Live

Im Auftrag des Herrn... – Die Toten Hosen Live or just Im Auftrag des Herrn ("By order of the Lord") is the second live album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. The album is compiled out of concerts of the 1996 "Ewig währt am längsten" tour. The title is a reference to the film "The Blues Brothers".
Singles.
1997: "Alles aus Liebe (live)"

</doc>
<doc id="21400906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400906" title="Alex Douglas (politician)">
Alex Douglas (politician)

Dr Alexander Rodney (Alex) Douglas (born 24 November 1958) is an Australian politician. He has been a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland since 2009, representing the district of Gaven. He was elected in 2009 and re-elected in 2012 as a member of the Liberal National Party of Queensland, but resigned from the party to sit as an independent later that year and then joined a newly created United Australia Party on 30 April 2013. 
He became the Queensland leader of The United Australia Party which was subsequently renamed the Palmer United Party.
Born in Brisbane, he comes of a political family: his great-grandfather was John Douglas, Premier of Queensland from 1877 to 1879, and his grandfather was Henry Douglas, member for Cook from 1907 to 1915. He was a general practitioner and medical officer before entering parliament, and was deputy chair of the Queensland Division of General Practice. He was also on the Central Council of the National Party.
Political career.
In April 2006, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in a by-election for the Labor seat of Gaven, representing the National Party. He was appointed Deputy Opposition Whip in August, but at the 2006 state election in September he was defeated by Labor candidate Phil Gray, the same candidate he had defeated earlier that year. Douglas contested the 2007 federal election as the National candidate for Fadden, but was defeated by the Liberal candidate Stuart Robert.
The 2009 state election saw Douglas pitted against Gray for the third consecutive time. On this occasion, Douglas, running under the banner of the newly formed Liberal National Party, narrowly emerged as the victor, reclaiming his old seat of Gaven.
On 16 June 2011, Dr Douglas was appointed as the first non-government chair of the Parliamentary Crime and Misconduct Committee.
On 29 November 2012, following a dispute with LNP Premier Campbell Newman over his removal from membership of parliamentary committees, Douglas resigned from the LNP to sit as an independent.

</doc>
<doc id="21400932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400932" title="1936 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1936 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1936 Philadelphia Eagles season was their fourth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 2–9, winning only one game. Being shutout in six of their twelve games, the team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourth consecutive season.
Offseason.
NFL Draft.
The 1936 NFL Draft was held in Philadelphia and The Eagles had the first pick. Jay Berwanger a Halfback from the University of Chicago was selected. He selected not to play in the NFL. Later in year he was traded to the Chicago Bears and still refused to play NFL football.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 
1936 Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"
The Eagles had 12 rookies and 8 players with 2 years experience or less on their roster. Eleven of the 26 members on the team went to school within 15 miles of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="21400949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400949" title="Department of the Army Superior Civilian Service Award">
Department of the Army Superior Civilian Service Award

The Superior Civilian Service Award is the third highest award of the Department of the Army Honorary Awards for Department of the Army Employees. It consists of a medal, lapel pin and certificate. It is granted by any commander of the rank of Major General and above, or civilian equivalent.
Criteria.
Nominations for this award reflect superior service, achievement or heroism of a lesser degree than that recognized by the Meritorious Civilian Service Award. Employees who have shown excellent performance through the previous receipt of honorary or monetary performance awards, can be considered for this award. Eligibility is determined by measuring contributions against the following example levels of achievement: 
Description.
The medal of the award is a bronze disc 32 mm in diameter. On the obverse is the central portion of the Department of the Army Seal encircled by the words, in relief, “SUPERIOR CIVILIAN SERVICE”. The edge is encircled by a laurel wreath. The reverse contains the inscription “DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY” arching along the upper edge, while the lower edge contains a laurel wreath, extending up to the inscription. The medal is suspended from a crimson ribbon 35 mm in width with four thin white stripes in the center.

</doc>
<doc id="21400958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400958" title="Lectionary 7">
Lectionary 7

Lectionary 7, designated by siglum ℓ "7" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1204.
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with lacunae. It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 316 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 23 lines per page. It contains music notes.
History.
The manuscript was written by priest Georg Rhodiu (from Rhodos?).
The manuscript once belonged to Colbert, as lectionaries ℓ "8", ℓ "9", ℓ "10", ℓ "11", ℓ "12". It was examined and described by Montfaucon, Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The text was edited by Henri Omont.
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the "Greek New Testament" of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Bibliothèque Nationale de France (Gr. 301) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21400963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400963" title="Mountains of Madness (EP)">
Mountains of Madness (EP)

Mountains of Madness is American thrash metal band Diamond Plate's EP, self released in 2008. Also re-released on Stormspell Records as a split CD with Oppression. Some people believe the EP was recorded at Beyond the Gates recording studio, but it was actually recorded in Konrad Kupiec’s basement. The song "At the Mountains of Madness" relates directly to the H.P. Lovecraft story by the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="21400985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400985" title="Hedgehog Pie">
Hedgehog Pie

Hedgehog Pie were an electric folk group from the north-east of England, formed in 1971. Despite frequent line-up changes, they built up a considerable regional and national following and produced three highly regarded albums. They were connected to many of the most important folk and rock bands of the region from the 1970s and have been seen as one of the most significant groups in a rediscovery and popularlisation of Northumbrian roots music.
History.
Origins.
The origins of Hedgehog Pie were in a loose collection of folk musicians in Newcastle-upon-Tyne from 1969. By 1971 it had solidified into two members of the Doonan Family Band, Mick Doonan (flute) and Phil Murray (bass), together with Jed Grimes (guitar) and Andy Seagroat (fiddle). This line-up acted as a backing group to Tony Capstick on his album "His Round". In 1972 they added another Doonan Family Band member Stu Luckley (guitar and bass), plus his wife Margi Luckley (vocals) and Ian ‘Walter’ Fairburn (fiddle). Fairburn and Murray soon departed to join local band Jack the Lad, formed out of the split in Lindisfarne, and the group replaced them with Martin Jenkins (violin) from Dando Shaft. It seems to have been at this point that they adopted electric instruments. The reputation of Doonan and Jenkins probably helped them to secure them a contract with local label Rubber Records and it was this line-up that recorded the first album.
Recordings.
The self-titled first album (1975) owed something to Jethro Tull (in Doonan’s flute), Fairport Convention (the heavily strummed guitars), but, perhaps unsurprisingly for an album co-produced by Geoff Heslop and Steeleye Span’s Rick Kemp, it owed most to the early work of that band in the use of heavy plucked bass, no drums and Margi Luckley’s vocals which closely resembled those of Maddy Prior. It contained a mix of instrumentals and ballads, including ‘Marriners’ and ‘Jack Orion’. The album was a critical success, if not a commercial one, and they gained a growing reputation as live performers, both as a headline band and supporting acts such as Richard Thompson, Mike Harding and John Martyn. Their reputation was aided by the release of the instrumental ‘Drops of Brandy’ on the important compilation "The Electric Muse" (1975).
They were joined by drummer Alan Dixon before embarking on their next album "The Green Lady" (1975). Also produced by Heslop and Kemp, this recording demonstrated that their style had rapidly moved on, incorporating elements of jazz and hard rock and was much more individual. Beside traditional songs, including 'The Gardiner' and 'The Burning of Auchendoon', the album also included more original compositions, such as 'Daemon Merchant' by Doonan and ‘Dreamer’ by Jenkins. 
The album was well received and the band soon embarked on recording a 'concept' EP of four tracks under the title "The Wonderful Legend of the Lambton Worm", which dealt with the local folk tale of a giant serpent, The Lambton Worm, occupying the village of Lambton. Very few copies were pressed and it has become much sought by collectors.
Disbandment.
In the summer of 1976 most of the members left the band with the exception of Doonan and Grimes. Stu Luckley teamed up with folksinger Bob Fox in a well regarded duo and Martin Jenkins appeared in a number of outfits including with Bert Jansch, Matthews Southern Comfort and Dave Swarbrick's Whippersnapper. The remaining members recruited established solo stylist Dave Burland (guitar and vocals)and shifted to a largely acoustic format. 
This line-up produced one album, "Just Act Normal" (1979), for Black Crow Records. It consisted largely of a return to traditional material on acoustic instruments. With polished production from Heslop alone this time, like the other two albums it topped the Melody Maker folk chart, but mainstream success evaded the group and they broke up soon after. 
Grimes went on to form a successful duo with Stewart Hardy. In 2003 after producing and arranging some 40 tracks for the CD boxed set 'Northumbria Anthology, Jed Grimes formed 6-piece band The Hush and received 2 Radio 2 Folk Award Nominations for their album 'Dark To The Sky'. Since then he has toured solo and released a solo CD, 'Head On' which emerged to rave reviews and many festival appearances. Dave Burland returned to his solo career. Doonan returned to playing in the Doonan Family Band (later to be rejoined by Stu Luckley) and in the Soul and R&B outfit the Solicitors.
Parts of the group's recordings have surfaced as CDs, but these have generally been of low quality and limited availability. In 2003 a recording of one of their live performances was issued as "Hedgehog Pie Live" (2003).
Revival.
In 2010, Dave Burland, Mick Doonan and Jed Grimes reformed Hedgehog Pie. The new line-up also included original bass player Phil Murray and percussionist Bryan Ledgard.
Martin Jenkins (born 17 July 1946, London, England) died on 17 May 2011, in Sofia, Bulgaria, from a heart attack.
Significance.
Hedgehog Pie were the result of the flourishing folk revival in northern England and the attempts to extend the electric folk movement in the region. They matured rapidly into a promising and highly proficient outfit and although the group failed to achieve mainstream recognition, they still retain a local and cult following in the context of northern folk music.

</doc>
<doc id="21400991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21400991" title="Tibet Area">
Tibet Area

Tibet Area may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21401001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401001" title="Elisa Roberts">
Elisa Roberts

Elisa Mary Roberts (born 3 September 1970) is a former Australian politician. Born in Sydney, she served with the Australian Defence Force at Victoria Barracks in Paddington from 1989 to 1993, and received her Bachelor of Arts from the University of New South Wales in 1996. Having moved to Queensland, she was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 2001 as the member for Gympie, representing Pauline Hanson's One Nation. She left the party on 18 April 2002 to sit as an independent, leaving only two One Nation MPs in the Parliament. She was re-elected as an independent in 2004, but was defeated in 2006 by National Party candidate David Gibson. She re-contested Gympie in 2009 but was unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="21401009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401009" title="Charles Sedelmeyer">
Charles Sedelmeyer

Charles Sedelmeyer (1837–1925) was an Austrian art dealer, collector, and publisher active in Paris from 1866, with premises at 6 rue de la Rochefoucauld. He is credited with popularising the Dutch artist Jan van Goyen in France. Sedelmeyer assessed the American market as important enough to send his Rubens "Atalanta and Meleager" from the Marlborough collection for exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the winter of 1886. He bought and sold Mihaly Munkacsy's 1878 "The Blind Milton Dictating Paradise Lost to his Daughters," and after doing so offered Munkácsy a ten-year contract, making that painter a wealthy man and a really established member of the Paris art world. Sedelmeyer wanted him to paint large-scale pictures which could be exhibited on their own. They decided that a subject taken from the Bible would be most suitable. In 1882 Munkácsy painted "Christ before Pilate" which was followed by "Golgotha" in 1884. The trilogy was completed by "Ecce Homo" in 1896. These huge paintings were taken on a tour and exhibited in many European cities and also in the US. All three were bought by American millionaire John Wanamaker.
A public dispute with Dr. Abraham Bredius over the attribution to Rembrandt of the "Woman Taken in Adultery" sold by Sedelmeyer to the Weber collection resulted in Sedelmeyer's justificatory pamphlet, 1912. Sedelmeyer's collection was dispersed at a series of sales in Paris.
He had five daughters. Emilie married the sculptor and art historian Stanislas Lami and Hermina married the Czech painter Václav Brožík.

</doc>
<doc id="21401034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401034" title="Commander's Award for Civilian Service">
Commander's Award for Civilian Service

The Commander's Award for Civilian Service is an honorary award presented by the Department of the Army to civilian employees for commendable service or achievement. Employees who have a past record of excellence, normally recognized by the previous receipt of one or more honorary or performance awards, may be considered for this award. The Commander's Award for Civilian Service is comparable to the military Army Commendation Medal. 
Criteria.
Any commander Colonel and above, or civilian equivalent may approve this award. Nominations reflect service or achievement of a lesser degree than recognized by the Superior Civilian Service Award. Employees who have established a pattern of excellence, normally recognized through the previous receipt of one or more honorary or monetary performance awards, may be considered for this award. Eligibility is determined by measuring contributions against the following example levels of achievement:
Description.
The medal of the award is a bronze disc, 32 mm in diameter. On the obverse of the medal, in the center, is a five pointed star between three equilateral triangles one point of each triangle extending past the edge of the disc. On the reserve is the inscription “DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY” above “COMMANDER’S AWARD FOR CIVILIAN SERVICE” separated into two lines. The medal is suspended from a green ribbon 35 mm in width. The ribbon contains a wide white stripe towards each edge with two thin white stripes in the middle. 

</doc>
<doc id="21401035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401035" title="Rape (song)">
Rape (song)

"Rape" is the fourth track on Internal Affairs, the debut album of Queens rapper Pharoahe Monch. Allmusic critic Steve Huey says in his review "Monch lives up to his reputation as one of hip-hop's most technically skilled MCs. Nowhere is this balancing act more evident than on "Rape," a rather disquieting extended metaphor for his mastery of hip-hop (other MCs just "ain't f*ckin' it right")."
Primarily, the song is a satirical response to rapper Common's classic "I Used to Love H.E.R.," a nostalgiac song that features a feminized personification of hip-hop as a lost love that has fallen to vice. Pharoahe Monch's more graphic and violent rendition is accordingly a critique of the vapid state of contemporary mainstream hip-hop, conveyed from the perspective of a variously passionate or obsessed rapist, equally infatuated by hip-hop as a woman.
As Huey points out, "Rape" equally is an extended metaphor for Pharoahe's technical mastery of hip-hop. Pharoahe vividly describes his brutal sexual assault (rape) on the woman (rap music).
Personification and extended metaphor are techniques widely employed by hip-hop lyricists. In fact this very song is developed from a theme that is found in a Pharoahe Monch verse five years earlier. "Thirteen", a song from the 1994 Organized Konfusion album , contains the following excerpt from Pharoahe's verse:

</doc>
<doc id="21401038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401038" title="Ndamukong Suh">
Ndamukong Suh

Ndamukong Suh ( , born January 6, 1987) is an American football defensive tackle for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Nebraska, and earned All-American honors. He was chosen by the Lions with the second overall pick of the 2010 NFL Draft.
As a college senior, Suh became one of the most decorated players in college football history. He won numerous awards including the Associated Press College Football Player of the Year Award, Bronko Nagurski Trophy, Chuck Bednarik Award, Lombardi Award and Outland Trophy, and was recognized as a unanimous All-American.
Suh has been criticized in the media and by other players for his aggressive style of play and has been fined a total of $216,875 by the NFL for four violations thus far in his career.
Early years.
Suh was born in Portland, Oregon. He attended Grant High School in Portland, where he was a two-way lineman for the Generals. Suh earned first-team All-PIL honors on both offense and defense as a junior and was an honorable-mention all-state pick. In his senior year, he had 65 tackles, including 10 sacks and recovered four fumbles, which earned him "Parade" magazine high school All-America honors, the 2004 Portland Interscholastic League Defensive Player of the Year, and a Class 4A first-team all-state selection. He also played in the 2005 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
In track he was the district shot put champion in 2004, and won the OSAA Class 4A shot put title in 2005 with a school-record throw of 61-4. For his all-around athletic accomplishments, Suh was a finalist for the Portland Tribune’s Athlete of the Year.
Considered a four-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Suh was the sixth ranked defensive tackle in the nation. Recruited by many, Suh took official visits to Nebraska, Mississippi State, Oregon State, Miami (FL), and California, before committing to the Cornhuskers on January 20, 2005.
College career.
Suh attended the University of Nebraska, where he played for the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team from 2005 to 2009. As a true freshman in 2005, Suh played in the first two games and had an assisted tackle against Wake Forest before missing the remainder of the season after undergoing knee surgery. He received a medical redshirt.
In 2006, Suh played in all 14 games as a backup defensive lineman and earned freshman All-Big 12 honors from "The Sporting News". Despite coming off the bench, he finished the year with 19 total tackles, and ranked among the team leaders in tackles for loss (8) and quarterback sacks (3½). In his sophomore season, Suh started in 11 of the Cornhuskers' 12 games, and recorded 34 total tackles on the season.
As a junior in 2008, Suh recorded a team-high 76 tackles, 7.5 sacks, 19 tackles for loss, 2 interceptions (both returned for touchdowns) and a touchdown reception while playing fullback. He became the first Nebraska defensive lineman to lead the team in tackles since 1973. Suh earned First-team All-Big 12 honors in 2008, the first Nebraska interior defensive lineman to earn those honors since Steve Warren in 1999. He was also an honorable mention All-American.
In 2009, Suh registered 85 tackles, 12 quarterback sacks, 28 quarterback hurries, 24 tackles for loss, 10 pass breakups, three blocked kicks, and one interception. Suh had 12 tackles (seven for losses, a school single-game record) and 4½ sacks in a 13–12 loss to the Texas Longhorns in the Big 12 Championship Game, for which he received game MVP honors. He helped Huskers defense rank first nationally in scoring defense (10.4 ppg), tied for second in total sacks (44), first in pass efficiency defense (87.3), seventh in total defense (272.0 ypg), ninth in rushing defense (93.1 ypg) and 18th in passing defense (178.9 ypg). He also played all four quarters versus Arizona in the 2009 Holiday Bowl, helping Nebraska record the first shutout in the Holiday Bowl's 32-year history, as well as the first shutout in school bowl history. He earned unanimous first-team All-Big 12 honors and the Big-12 Defensive Player of the Year. Nationally, he was named the Associated Press College Football Player of the Year, the recipient of the Bill Willis Trophy, Bronko Nagurski Trophy, Chuck Bednarik Award, Lombardi Award and Outland Trophy, and was recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American. He was also a finalist for the Lott Trophy, Walter Camp Award, and Heisman Trophy.
Awards.
On December 3, 2009, Suh was named as one of five finalists for the Walter Camp Award. On November 24, 2009, Suh was named one of three finalists for the 2009 Outland Trophy, alongside Mike Iupati and Russell Okung. On November 10, Suh was selected one of four finalists for the 2009 Lombardi Award, the first Cornhusker to receive this honor since Dominic Raiola in 2000. In October 2009, Suh was named to "The Sporting News" and "CBS Sports" midseason All-American team. Suh began season at No. 3 on "Rivals.com′s" preseason defensive tackle power ranking. He was also named to the 2009 Outland Trophy watch list.
On December 7, 2009, Suh was named a finalist for the Heisman Trophy. Later that evening, Suh was named the 2009 Bronko Nagurski Trophy winner as the top defensive player in the nation. CBS Sportsline also named Suh their Defensive Player of the Year. The Touchdown Club of Columbus named Suh the winner of the Bill Willis Trophy on December 9, 2009. That same evening Suh won the Lombardi Award for the top collegiate lineman or linebacker. On December 11, at the ESPN College Football Awards show, Suh was selected as the winner of the Chuck Bednarik Award as the nation's best defensive player and took home the Outland Trophy for the best interior lineman. Suh finished fourth in the Heisman race, accumulating 815 points, which is the highest total by a fourth-place finisher for the Heisman in its history. He was also one of four unanimous selections to the AP First-team All-America in 2009. Suh was named the 2009 AP Player of Year, becoming the first defensive player to receive the award in its history.
Professional career.
2010 NFL Draft.
Suh was widely considered to be one of the best prospects available in the draft. "ESPN.com's" draft analyst Mel Kiper, Jr. described Suh as "maybe the most dominating defensive tackle I've seen in 32 years" and projected him to go #1 overall. Suh was seen as an ideal fit at either defensive tackle in a 4–3 defense or as a defensive end in a 3–4 NFL defense.
For off the field marketing activities, Suh signed with The Agency Sports Management & Marketing, where Russ Spielman will serve as lead agent. At the NFL Combine, Suh bench pressed 225 lb 32 times and had a 35½ inch vertical leap, the highest for a defensive tackle since Al Lucas (36 in) in 2000. According to Barnes: "He is not a hard worker; he is a "relentless" worker." 
To prepare for the NFL Draft (and contract negotiations) Suh signed with Maximum Sports Management, and agent Roosevelt Barnes, who would serve as Suh's lead agent. This caused moderate concern for many teams who were hoping to draft him, as this was the same agent who represented Michael Crabtree. Crabtree was the longest 2009 NFL Draft 1st round contract hold out, waiting over six weeks into the NFL season before signing with the San Francisco 49ers. He even threatened to re-enter the 2010 NFL Draft.
Suh was selected second overall in the 2010 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions, the first defensive lineman the franchise selected in the first round since Luther Elliss in 1995. Suh was the highest selected Cornhusker defender since Neil Smith in 1988.
Detroit Lions.
2010: Rookie Year.
On August 3, Suh agreed to a five-year, $68 million contract with the Lions, including $40 million guaranteed. On September 12, Suh had his first sack against Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler. On October 10, during a game against the St. Louis Rams, he recorded his first career interception off of Sam Bradford, the No. 1 overall pick of the 2010 NFL Draft. Suh scored his first touchdown of his NFL career against the Washington Redskins on October 31, 2010, on a recovery of a Rex Grossman fumble.
After an injury to Lions kicker Jason Hanson, the Lions had Suh attempt an extra point on November 7, 2010, against the New York Jets. However, Suh missed the extra point when the ball hit the right upright.
For the 2010 season, Suh led the Lions, all rookies, and all defensive tackles in sacks with 10. He was picked as a starter for the Pro Bowl, becoming the first Lions rookie since Barry Sanders to be picked as a Pro Bowl starter. He missed the game, however, due to shoulder surgery. On January 25, 2011, Suh was named to the All-Pro Team. He was also named the Sporting News Rookie of the Year, the Pro Football Weekly and Pro Football Writers of America Rookie of the Year, the Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Year, and the AP Defensive Rookie of the Year.
2011.
In the 2011 season on week 14 against the Oakland Raiders, Suh jumped up to block the game winning field goal, to make the Lions 9–5–0.
Suh was named a Pro Bowl alternate for the NFC after the 2011 NFL season.
During the third quarter of the Lions' Thanksgiving game against the Green Bay Packers on November 24, 2011, Suh pushed Packers' offensive lineman Evan Dietrich-Smith's head into the ground three times, then stomped on his arm. All of this took place after the whistle was blown. Suh was penalized for unnecessary roughness and ejected from the game. The resulting penalty gave the Packers an automatic first down. The Packers would score a touchdown two plays later, giving them a 14–0 lead and an eventual 27–15 victory.
Initially, Suh denied stomping on Dietrich-Smith, saying he was only trying to get his balance back. However, on Friday morning, the Lions issued a statement calling Suh's actions "unacceptable." Within hours, Suh wrote on his Facebook page that he'd "made a mistake" a day before and intended to learn from it. Fox Sports NFL rules analyst and former vice president of officiating Mike Pereira said that based on his knowledge of league discipline, "the question won’t be if the NFL will suspend Suh, but when — and for how many games." He drew parallels between Suh's actions and those of Albert Haynesworth, who drew a five-game suspension—the longest suspension for an on-field incident in modern NFL history—for stomping on Andre Gurode's head in 2006.
On November 29, the NFL suspended Suh for two games without pay. In announcing the decision, Roger Goodell noted that it was the fifth time Suh had been disciplined for on-field conduct. Soon after the suspension was handed down, Suh announced he would appeal the decision. The NFL held an expedited hearing before former Oakland Raiders coach Art Shell, so that a decision could be handed down before the Lions' next game, on December 4, against the New Orleans Saints. The appeal was turned down on December 2, forcing Suh to sit out the game against the Saints and the December 11 game against the Minnesota Vikings. Suh finished the 2011 season with 4 sacks, a pass defended, and 26 tackles.
2012.
During a Thanksgiving game on November 22, 2012, Suh was involved in a play in which he kicked Houston Texans quarterback Matt Schaub in the groin. The incident resulted in a $30,000 fine from the league, nearly double the mandated fine for a second offense of "striking/kicking/kneeing" an opponent. There was speculation the size of the fine was recognition by the league of Suh's history of questionable on-field hits, while others viewed it as a "wishy-washy" and "cop-out" action by the league in issuing a large fine without a suspension.
In issuing the fine, Roger Goodell stated, "“Any time you see a play like that, you want to say, ‘Why did it happen?’ It’s hard for us to be able to determine that just from video. Those are the things that sometimes you have to talk to Ndamukong in this case, or the player, but intent is something that’s very difficult for us to ever try to make a judgment on.” Suh denied the kick was intentional, stating his foot inadvertently hit Schaub as he was being dragged to the ground. Suh finished 2012 with 8 sacks, 2 passes defended, and 25 tackles in 16 games (15 starts).
2013.
In the Lions' Week 1 victory over the Minnesota Vikings, 34–24, Suh low blocked John Sullivan during a DeAndre Levy "pick 6"; the resulting personal foul nullified Levy's touchdown. Two days after the game, Suh was fined $100,000 for the hit—which, not counting lost pay for suspensions, is the largest fine ever issued to a player for on-the-field actions. He would appeal the fine but the ruling was later upheld by the NFL, which brought the total fines levied against Suh to $177,500.
In the Lions' Week 6 victory over the Cleveland Browns, Suh tackled Browns QB Brandon Weeden in a questionable manner. Though not called for a penalty during the game, Suh was later fined $31,500 by the NFL. This brought the total fines levied against him to $209,000.
During a Thanksgiving game against the Packers on November 28, 2013, Suh sacked Matt Flynn in the end zone, forcing a safety for the first time of his career. On November 29, 2013, Suh was fined $7,875 for performing a throat slash during a game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. This now brought the total fines levied against him to $216,875.
Style of play.
Suh has been criticized in the media and by other players for his aggressive style of play and has been fined a total of $216,875 by the league for four violations in the first four years in his career. In a poll of fellow players conducted by the "Sporting News", Suh was named "the dirtiest player" in the NFL. As of December 2011, he had been flagged for nine personal fouls in his first two years, the most of any player in the league in that time frame. He was named the NFL's "Least-Liked Player" in a Forbes-publicized Nielsen report in October 2012.
Personal.
Suh’s mother, Bernadette (née Lennon) Suh, an elementary school teacher, was born in Spanish Town, Jamaica, and is a graduate of Southern Oregon University. His father, Michael Suh, is from Cameroon and played semi-pro soccer in Germany while working as a machinist. They met and married in Portland, Oregon in 1982, after Michael Suh was admitted to a Portland trade school. Although his father is only , Suh's great-grandfather, also named Ndamukong Suh, stood . In the Ngemba language of Cameroon, Ndamukong means "House of Spears."
Suh has a construction management degree from Nebraska and has aspirations to be a general contractor after his professional career ends. His father, Michael Suh, is a mechanical engineer and owns his own heating and cooling company in Portland. For his first two years in college before he knew about his professional prospects, Suh had wanted to "work with my dad and build his company up to be as big as possible" after graduation. 
Suh has four sisters; he is the second oldest of the children. His older sister and manager, Odette Lennon Ngum Suh, played soccer collegiately at Mississippi State University and is currently a midfielder on the Cameroon women's national football team.
Suh is a fan of Arsenal F.C.
In 2012, Suh participated in Fox's dating game show "The Choice". Suh was nominated on "Splash" on March 10, 2013. He was eliminated on the 2nd week of the show.
During the 2013 Stanley Cup Playoffs, Suh rode the zamboni at Joe Louis Arena wearing a Detroit Red Wings jersey during the Detroit Red Wings playoff series against the Chicago Blackhawks.
Donation and endowment.
On April 17, 2010, at the annual Husker Spring Game, Suh announced a $2.6 million donation to the University of Nebraska. Two million dollars of his gift will go to Nebraska Athletics for its Strength and Conditioning Program, and remaining $600,000 will create an endowed scholarship for the UNL College of Engineering, from which he graduated in 2009 with a degree in Construction Management. His gift is the largest single charitable contribution by any former player, and occurred before Suh was taken with the second overall pick in the 2010 NFL Draft. Ndamukong Suh, a former Grant High School football star, donated $250,000 toward the effort to bring a turf field to Grant High School in 2013.
Endorsements.
Before Suh was drafted by an NFL team, he signed an endorsement deal with Nike. Suh has also signed endorsement deals with Subway, Dick's Sporting Goods, Omaha Steaks, and Chrysler.

</doc>
<doc id="21401046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401046" title="James Stroud">
James Stroud

James Stroud (born July 4, 1949 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is an American musician and record producer who works in pop, rock, and country music. In the 1990s he was the president of Giant Records (a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Records) and held several credits as a session drummer. He later worked for DreamWorks Records Nashville and in 2008 founded his own label, Stroudavarious Records.
Biography.
Stroud was born in Louisiana, one of five children. He began playing drums at local bar bands in Texas and Louisiana. Stroud worked with bands such as the The Hollies & Paul Davis in the 1960s. He and Davis also took on songwriting duties for Mississippi based Malaco Records which was an R&B label. He played with and produced many acts throughout the 60's & 70's. He also started playing drums and synthesizer with Paul Davis, taking influences from rock and R&B artists. In the early 1980s he began playing for Eddie Rabbitt. From there, Stroud went on to become a prolific session drummer in Nashville, Tennessee, backing Ronnie Milsap, K.T. Oslin and others. He was also a member of the Marshall Tucker Band.
In the late 1980s, Stroud founded The Writers' Group, a publishing company. He also took up producing, and in 1989 was named by the Academy of Country Music as Producer of the Year. When Warner Bros. Records founded the Giant Records branch, Stroud became president of the new label and produced several of its acts, including Carlene Carter, Tracy Lawrence, Daryle Singletary and Clay Walker. At the same time, he produced acts not signed to the label. Between 1993 and 1994, twenty-one singles produced by Stroud reached the top of the country charts.
After Giant Records closed in 2000, Stroud moved to DreamWorks Records Nashville, where he worked as a producer for several artists including Darryl Worley. After the label closed down in 2005, Stroud joined Universal Music Group (DreamWorks' parent company) and served as co-CEO alongside Luke Lewis until 2007. In July 2008 he founded a new label, Stroudavarious Records, to which he signed Worley as the flagship artist.

</doc>
<doc id="21401056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401056" title="1935 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1935 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1935 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their sixth in the National Football League. The team improved on their previous season's output of 4–7, winning five games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="21401069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401069" title="Lectionary 8">
Lectionary 8

Lectionary 8, designated by sigla ℓ "8" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 14th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels: John, Matthew, and Luke. It is a lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 309 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 28 lines per page. It has not music notes. It uses "ι subscriptum".
History.
The manuscript was written by Cosmas, a monk.
The manuscript once belonged to Colbert, along with lectionaries ℓ "7", ℓ "9", ℓ "10", ℓ "11", ℓ "12". It was examined by Wettstein, and Scholz, and Paulin Martin. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Bibliothèque Nationale de France (Gr. 312) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21401084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401084" title="Achievement Medal for Civilian Service">
Achievement Medal for Civilian Service

The Department of the Army Achievement Medal for Civilian Service is awarded for noteworthy achievements that are of a lesser degree than those recognized by the Commander's Award for Civilian Service. It was approved by the Army Chief of Staff, on 24 August 1987. It is the fifth highest award in the Department of the Army Honorary Awards scheme for Department of the Army employees, ranking just below the Commander's Award for Civilian Service. It consists of a medal, lapel pin, and certificate.
Criteria.
Any commander Lieutenant Colonel and above, or civilian equivalent, may approve this award. A nomination normally covers either a period of sustained superior service or a level of achievement sufficient to warrant this recognition. This medal is comparable to the Army Achievement Medal. All Department of the Army civilian employees paid from appropriated and non-appropriated funds and indirect-hire foreign nationals are eligible for consideration. Eligibility should be determined by measuring contributions against the following examples of achievement:

</doc>
<doc id="21401093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401093" title="Rombo syndrome">
Rombo syndrome

Rombo syndrome is a very rare genetic disorder characterized mainly by atrophoderma vermiculatum of the face, multiple milia, telangiectases, acral erythema, peripheral vasodilation with cyanosis and a propensity to develop basal cell carcinomas.
The lesions become visible in late childhood, began at ages 7 to 10 years and are most pronounced on the face, At that time a pronounced, somewhat cyanotic redness of the lips and hands was evident as well as moderate follicular atrophy of the skin on the cheeks. In adulthood, whitish-yellow, milia-like papules and telangiectatic vessels developed. The papules were present particularly on the cheeks and forehead, gradually becoming very conspicuous and dominating the clinical picture. Trichoepitheliomas were found in 1 case. In adults, the eyelashes and eyebrows were either missing or irregularly distributed with defective and maldirected growth. Basal cell carcinomas were a frequent complication. The skin atrophy was referred to as vermiculate atrophoderma. Basal cell carcinomas may develop around the age of 35. Histological observations during the early stage include irregularly distributed and atrophic hair follicles, milia, dilated dermal vessels, lack of elastin or elastin in clumps. After light irradiation a tendency to increased repair activity was observed both in epidermis and in the dermal fibroblasts.
Histologic sections showed the dermis to be almost devoid of elastin in most areas with clumping of elastic material in other areas. The disorder had been transmitted through at least 4 generations with instances of male-to-male transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="21401138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401138" title="1964 Daily Mirror Trophy">
1964 Daily Mirror Trophy

The 2nd Daily Mirror Trophy was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 14 March 1964 at Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit, England. The race was run over 35 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Innes Ireland in a BRP.
The weather conditions for this race were atrocious, with driving sleet and snow, and the length of the race was cut from 50 laps to 35. Three of the favourites were out of contention early in the race, as Jim Clark and Jack Brabham suffered badly from their cars being fitted with smaller wheels than the others, while Graham Hill had an accident on lap 6, aquaplaning into an earth bank while leading. Peter Arundell led from then until lap 22 when his gearbox failed, and after Jo Bonnier led briefly, Ireland took the lead on lap 26 and pulled away to take the victory.
Giancarlo Baghetti was unable to make the start after his car's engine failed while it was being practiced by Phil Hill.
Results.
Scuderia Ferrari had entered two cars, numbered 7 and 8, but withdrew before naming drivers. Brabham and Cooper entered cars given numbers 6 and 10 respectively, which were also withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="21401183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401183" title="Lectionary 9">
Lectionary 9

Lectionary 9, designated by sigla ℓ "9" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th-century. 
Description.
The codex is a lectionary, it contains lessons from the Gospels: John, Matthew, Luke ("Evangelistarium"). It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 260 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 24 lines per page. It contains music notes.
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Colbert, as lectionaries ℓ "7", ℓ "8", ℓ "10", ℓ "11", ℓ "12". It was examined and described by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Bibliothèque Nationale de France (Gr. 307) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21401206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401206" title="1935 Chicago Cardinals season">
1935 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1935 Chicago Cardinals season was their 16th in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 5–6, winning six games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the 10th consecutive season. 

</doc>
<doc id="21401226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401226" title="Grace S. Webb School">
Grace S. Webb School

The Grace S. Webb School, part of the Institute of Living (a psychiatric hospital) in Hartford, Connecticut, provides special education, clinical and related services to students who are in grades K-12. These students are referred by their Local Education Agency (LEA). The school is a state approved special education facility. Students exhibit functioning which ranges from slightly impaired to gifted levels. Students are enrolled in the elementary, middle, or high school and receive instruction in reading, writing and mathematics, physical education, health, science and social studies. Additionally, art, music, cooking, horticulture, vocational education (which may include supportive job experience), speech and language services, occupational therapy and computer science instruction may be offered as part of a student’s program. 
Formal and informal assessments are an important part of understanding and providing for a student’s needs. These may include educational, medication, psychiatric, psychological, speech/language, vocational, occupational therapy, or other specifically requested evaluations. 
The school curriculum uses standard texts and other materials so that instruction meets state and local education guidelines while it is sensitive to each student's learning needs. Frequent field trips and visiting programs enhance the established curriculum. Social and behavioral learning continues throughout the day. 
As a therapeutic school, the coordination of educational and clinical plans are important. All students participate in appropriate clinical groups and individual therapy. Medication monitoring is available. A point/level behavioral system reinforces growth in academics, social interactions and coping skills. There is an emphasis on developing interpersonal relationships and problem solving skills. 
Parents/caretakers are an important piece of the school/student link. Teacher advisors and 
assigned clinicians maintain contact with and provide a resource for parents. Some students may 
carry daily school/home contact sheets. Parent educational and clinical meetings are encouraged. 
A bilingual outreach worker is available to all families and students to support this important 
connection. In response to student and school district needs, the Grace S. Webb School has a 
diagnostic program, now in its 10th year of operation. Collaborative programs are available for 
students who are diagnosed with an eating disorder, disorders related to adolescent psychosis, and those children and adolescents who are receiving inpatient and partial hospital care.

</doc>
<doc id="21401232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401232" title="Nancy Lincoln Inn">
Nancy Lincoln Inn

The Nancy Lincoln Inn is a historic building located at the Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historic Site in LaRue County, Kentucky, just south of Hodgenville, Kentucky. Despite being on National Park Service property, it is privately owned.
Built in 1928, the one-story unhewn chestnut and red heart pine log building is of American Craftsman style with five bays. It has a stone foundation, limestone chimney, and gabled roof. To the east are four small overnight cabins also built in 1928. They are also of unhewn chestnut logs, concrete chinking, brick chimneys, and asphalt shingles.
The Nancy Lincoln Inn and its cabins were built to serve the many visitors who wished to visit the birthplace of Abraham Lincoln. The increase in tourism during the 1920s was due to the ease of transportation that all the new paved roads in LaRue County provided. Jim Howell was the original operator of the inn, from 1928 to 1946; his descendants have operated it ever since. The inn rented out the cabins and served food until World War II; the cabins would once again be rented out after they were restored by their owners Carl and Sharon Howell, Jr. in 2005, with air conditioning added. However, guests have to use an outside modern bathhouse due to a lack of indoor plumbing.
A National Park Service evaluation called the inn an "unacceptable adjacent commercialization" in 1934, and red cedar trees were planted to obstruct the view of the inn to the memorial log cabin temple.
Over 100,000 tourists go into the Nancy Lincoln Inn every year, mostly to buy souvenirs; it makes $56,000 in sales. It has undergone no major alterations in its years of service. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 10, 1991, due to its role in the expansion of tourism in LaRue County.

</doc>
<doc id="21401237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401237" title="Wind power in New York">
Wind power in New York

New York State ranks 11th in the nation as of the end of 2013 for installed wind power capacity, with a total of 1,722 MW installed.
New York wind farms.
The first wind farms in New York came on line in 2000. They are relatively small projects. Madison Wind Farm, with a nameplate generating capacity of 11.55 MW, located in Madison County, was the first to commence operations. Also that year, the 6.6 MW Wethersfield Wind Farm, located in Wyoming County, came on line. The following year, the 30 MW Fenner Wind Farm, also in Madison County, commenced operations.
Five years passed before Maple Ridge Wind Farm, the largest wind farm in the state of New York, located in Lewis County, with 195 Vestas model V82 1.65 megawatt (MW) wind turbines, commenced operations. Collectively, the turbines have a rated or nameplate capacity of 320 MW. Maple Ridge Wind Farm became fully operational in January 2006.
The Bliss Windpark in Wyoming County opened in May 2008 with a capacity of 100.5 megawatts. Also, in 2008, the 100.5 MW Clinton Windpark, located in Clinton County, commenced operations. In February 2009, three other large wind farms — the Altona, Chateaugay, and Wethersfield Windparks — were completed in Upstate New York in Clinton, Franklin, and Wyoming Counties, respectively. The projects have an installed capacity of 97.5, 106.5, and 124 MW respectively. All four use General Electric 1.5SLE wind turbines. The 112.5 MW Sheldon Wind Project in Wyoming County also came on line in 2009. In 2012, the 215 MW Marble River Wind Farm, located in Clinton County, commenced operations.
The capacity factor of wind farms in New York is about 30 percent. However, the effective capacity — the fraction of rated power generated during summer afternoons, the period of peak demand — is estimated to be 10 percent for the whole state, except for Long Island where about 40% is forecast.
Wind power development.
The Interconnection Queue, an important resource for identifying and determining the status of proposed wind power projects in New York State, may be found on the New York Independent System Operator (NYISO) website.
A NYISO study conducted in 2010, "Growing Wind: Final Report of the NYISO 2010 Wind Generation Study (Sept. 2010)", found that the New York power system will allow for the integration of up to 8,000 MW of wind generation with no adverse reliability impacts. At higher levels of wind generation, due to increased variability, the analysis determined that for every 1,000 MW increase between the 4,250 MW and 8,000 MW wind penetration level, the average regulation requirement increases approximately 9 percent. Further, given existing transmission constraints, at the 6,000 MW scenario modeled, 8.8% of the energy production in three areas of upstate New York (Zones C - Central, D - North, and E - Mohawk) would be "bottled" or undeliverable. With upgrades, the amount of bottled wind energy could be reduced to less than 2 percent. A similar bottling pattern was found in the 8,000 MW model. Offshore wind energy, as modeled, is fully deliverable.
In 2009, utilities in the state such as the New York Power Authority and Long Island Power Authority were exploring the possibility of large-scale offshore facilities, either in the ocean or in the Great Lakes. The New York Power Authority cancelled, in 2011, the Great Lakes Offshore Wind (GLOW) project.
On September 8, 2011, the New York Power Authority, Long Island Power Authority, and Con Edison (the Offshore Wind Collaborative) filed a request with the US Department of the Interior, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) to issue a commercial lease on the outer continental shelf to the New York Power Authority for the development of the Long Island - New York City Offshore Wind Project. This project would be located in the Atlantic Ocean off Nassau County, approximately 13 nautical miles off Rockaway Peninsula, in a long 65,000-acre wedge-shaped area between shipping channels, directionally aligned southwest of Rockaway Peninsula. The project as presently configured consists of 97 offshore turbines, with a total nameplate generating capacity of 350 MW. With 194 turbines, generating capacity could be doubled to 700 MW. Given the lengthy permitting process, the Collaborative's proposed project would not be operational until 2018 at the earliest. On January 4, 2013, BOEM issued a Request for Interest (Docket ID: BOEM-2012-0083) to determine whether other parties were interested in developing the same area. In addition to the Collaborative's response, BOEM received letters of interest in a commercial lease for this area from Fishermen's Energy LLC and Energy Management, Inc.. BOEM is presently evaluating all three applications.
Another offshore wind energy project that would supply electricity to New York is Deepwater ONE. On September 12, 2013, BOEM awarded two commercial offshore wind energy leases, OCS-A-0486 and OCS-A-0487, to Deepwater Wind New England LLC for development of a regional offshore wind energy project. Deepwater ONE (formerly Deepwater Wind Energy Center) would be located in the Atlantic Ocean on 256 square miles on the outer continental shelf, approximately 30 miles east of Montauk, New York, and 15 miles east of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. The project would consist of 150 to 200 turbines with a total nameplate generating capacity of 900 to 1,200 MW. It includes a 98-mile, 600 MW submarine transmission line, a new regional HVDC transmission system, and a New York-Long Island interconnector to link the electrical supply system in New England and Long Island.
Renewable energy incentives.
Renewable Portfolio Standard.
The New York State Public Service Commission adopted a Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) policy in 2004, calling for an increase in renewable energy used in the state form the then-current level of 19.3 percent (largely attributable to legacy hydroelectric power projects) to at least 25 percent by the end of 2013. In 2010, the Commission raised the standard to 30 percent by the end of 2015, and extended the program through 2015. With the RPS program due to sunset in 2015, the Commission has undertaken a program review. Unlike most states with an RPS, New York follows a central procurement model, with the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) responsible for meeting the majority of the RPS goals. NYSERDA obtains the bulk of the RPS Attributes (including any and all reductions in harmful pollutants and emissions such as carbon dioxide and oxides of sulfur and nitrogen) through a "Main Tier" competitive procurement of utility-scale renewable resources. A "Customer-Sited Tier," smaller, behind-the-meter resources provided by residential, commercial, institutional, and governmental projects, complements the Main Tier. Voluntary markets, state agency purchases, and Long Island Power Authority purchases make up the balance.
Wind power is the predominant generating technology in the Main Tier, with 21 wind farms generating or expected to generate 1,696 MW of new renewable energy by the end of 2014. As of the end of 2013, 18 wind farms funded through the Main Tier were generating 1,657 MW of new renewable energy.
Financial incentives.
The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA), through its On-Site Wind Turbine Incentive Program (which began in 2007), is currently making $13.8 million available in incentives to encourage the installation of residential, commercial, institutional, and governmental end-use wind energy systems. The program runs from December 1, 2012 through December 31, 2015, with completed applications accepted through September 30, 2015. NYSERDA will pay up to 50 percent of the total installed cost of the wind energy system to eligible installers who install new approved, grid-connected systems using qualified equipment in accordance with eligibility requirements. The installer must pass the entire incentive through to the customer. The maximum incentive is $1 million per site or customer, and the maximum turbine size is 2 MW (2,000 kW).
Procedural reforms.
With a strong tradition of home rule and, for many year, no state requirements or guidelines for locating facilities, the siting of large facilities in New York state has generated some controversy, along with myriad, diverse municipal efforts to zone or ban wind farms. Such conditions helped to produce in summer 2009 a Code of Conduct promulgated by the state's Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and embraced ultimately by wind developers responsible for a majority of the state's facilities.
Subsequently, in a significant reform aimed at encouraging investment in clean energy technology, Governor Andrew Cuomo on August 4, 2011, signed into law the Power New York Act of 2011, Chapter 388 of the Laws of 2011, enacting Article 10 of the Public Service Law, establishing a unified siting review process for major electric generating facilities; that is, facilities with a generating capacity of 25 MW or more. The New York Department of Public Service and the New York Department of Environmental Conservation adopted implementing regulations on July 17, 2012: Chapter X Certification of Major Electric Generating Facilities,16 NYCRR Part 1000 and Analyzing Environmental Justice Issues in Siting of Major Electric Generating Facilities, 6 NYCRR Part 487. After July 17, 2012, all applicants for permits to construct major electric generating facilities must follow Article 10. In addition, applicants who had applied for permits or licenses before that date, along with applicants for permits or licenses for certain other types of electric generating facilities excluded from Article 10, may elect to follow Article 10.
Article 10 creates an administrative agency lodged within the Department of Public Service, the Board on Electric Generation Siting and the Environment, to conduct the reviews and make final administrative siting decisions. The Board has seven members; five are agency heads (the "Permanent Board") and two are appointed on a project-specific basis (the local, ad hoc public members). The new law provides a unified review process for the state permits, licenses, and other approvals required to site, construct, and operate a major electric generating facility. Department of Environmental Conservation review of permit applications under federally-delegated or approved Clean Air Act, Clean Water Act, and Resource Conservation and Recovery Act programs is coordinated with, and conducted through, the Article 10 review. The Department of State's coastal zone consistency determination is also coordinated with the Article 10 review. Federal permitting and licensing reviews may be coordinated with the Article 10 review. Article 10 provides for consideration of local laws, and Board decisions must provide reasons for deviation from local substantive requirements. Article 10 seeks to promote early and effective public participation in the siting process, facilitating communication between the applicant and interested persons, to minimize later delays and reduce the likelihood of litigation challenging siting decisions. It provides numerous public participation opportunities, including the distribution of "intervenor funds" derived from application fees to enable municipalities and local parties to hire technical experts and lawyers to assist them in participating in the proceeding.
Further, an expansion of the state's net metering laws in 2008 may help to grow the market for small scale residential, agricultural, or commercial installations.
Wind generation.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="21401238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401238" title="Gordon College (Philippines)">
Gordon College (Philippines)

Gordon College, also known as Dalubhasaang Gordon in Filipino, is a local government-funded college in Olongapo City, Philippines. It was founded on February 24, 1999 by virtue of City Ordinance No. 9, and is composed of four constituent colleges: College of Computer Studies, College of Business and Accountancy, College of Education, and College of Nursing. Other academic units include the School of Midwifery, Department of Vocational Technology, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Center for Research and Development, and Institute of Graduate Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21401242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401242" title="Lectionary 11">
Lectionary 11

Lectionary 11, designated by siglum ℓ "11" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 13th-century. Formerly it was known as "Codex Regius 309". 
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with some lacunae. It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 142 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 22 or more lines per page. It contains musical notes.
The manuscript once belonged to Colbert, as lectionaries ℓ "7", ℓ "8", ℓ "9", ℓ "10", ℓ "12". It was examined by Wettstein, Scholz (1794-1852), and Paulin Martin. Gregory saw it in 1885.
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
The codex is located now at the Bibliothèque Nationale de France (Gr. 309) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21401295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401295" title="Diamond Plate">
Diamond Plate

Diamond Plate is an American thrash metal band from Worth, Illinois.
Diamond Plate formed in 2004 in Chicago, Illinois while all three members were still in high school. Declining record label offers in favor of working on their sound and letting their songwriting evolve, drummer James Nicademus, (former) vocalist/bassist Jon Macak and guitarist Konrad Kupiec, began making serious waves in the underground scene via word-of-mouth, self-released EPs and local slots supporting metal giants Behemoth, Gojira, and Exodus. Two months after graduating high school, the band decided it was time to ink a deal, enter the legendary Earache records.
In 2010, Diamond Plate went into the studio with producer Neil Kernon (Judas Priest, Cannibal Corpse, Nevermore) to record their debut album "Generation Why?" The album's extreme vocals, groove-based riffs, and machine-tight production allowed the band to distance themselves from their "thrash revival" peers, while earning them rave reviews and high profile tours. Appearing in America and the UK with Anthrax, Overkill, and D.R.I. among others, as well as festival slots on the 70000 Tons of Metal and Hammerfest, Diamond Plate's reputation as a high energy live act began to grow. After the touring cycle, guitarist Konrad Kupiec and drummer James Nicademus were joined by new vocalist/bassist and Miami native Matt Ares.
The band took off touring for the rest of 2012 and focused on writing a new album, and it was during this time that Diamond Plate's sound underwent a transmutation. With an emphasis on creating songs from jamming, a 'play what thou wilt' attitude, and 19 year old Matt Ares' charismatic voice, the band matured drastically while blending together a much wider range of influences. Neil Kernon was again asked to lead the production originally scheduled for two weeks in January 2013 even though the making of the record extended into months, characterized by the underlying tension of outside pressure, deadlines, and personal struggles. Despite all of this, Diamond Plate emerged with "Pulse," an album brimming with live energy and the vibe of a young band playing heavy music straight from the heart. "Pulse" coming August 20 in North America via Century Media/Earache Records and on digital formats in Europe on August 19.

</doc>
<doc id="21401301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401301" title="HNLMS Isaac Sweers">
HNLMS Isaac Sweers

HNLMS "Isaac Sweers", () was "Gerard Callenburgh" class destroyer of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
Design and construction.
The keel was laid on 26 November 1938. The ship was launched on 16 March 1940 and the unfinished ship was evacuated to England after the German invasion of the Netherlands. She was completed in Great Britain, with six British 4 inch dual purpose guns instead of planned five 120 mm guns. 
The ship was modern for her time, she was fast and had two fully stabilised 40 mm Bofors AA-guns, each with its own "Hazemeyer" fire control.
The ship's plans were saved from the Germans and elements were incorporated into Royal Navy ship designs.
Operations.
"Isaac Sweers" was part of the Allied flotilla of destroyers which torpedoed and sank the Italian cruisers "Alberico da Barbiano" and "Alberto da Giussano" on 13 December 1941, at the Battle of Cape Bon. She riddled the "Da Giussano" with gunfire at short range and launched four torpedoes against the torpedo boat "Cigno"; all of them missed their target. She escorted the important convoy MW 8B to Malta in January 1942. During this mission the British destroyer HMS "Gurkha" II was torpedoed by the German submarine "U-133" on 12 January 1942. "Isaac Sweers" towed the stricken British destroyer through a field of burning oil and saved her entire crew of 240 sailors. They were taken to Tobruk.
On 13 November 1942, during Operation Torch, "Isaac Sweers" was hit by two torpedoes from the German submarine "U-431". She sank with the loss of 108 of her 194 men.

</doc>
<doc id="21401312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401312" title="Union Temple of Brooklyn">
Union Temple of Brooklyn

The Union Temple of Brooklyn is a Reform synagogue located at 17 Eastern Parkway between Underhill Avenue and Plaza Street East in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City, across the street from the Brooklyn Public Library, the Brooklyn Museum, and the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens. It is the result of the merger of two nineteenth century congregations, K. K. Beth Elohim and Temple Israel. 
The building was designed by Arnold Brunner and completed in 1929 as the community house for a planned temple next door, which was never built because of the Great Depression; the 11-story building has been used for the congregation's worship since, except, in the past, on High Holy Days, when the Brooklyn Academy of Music was utilized. In 1942, a theatre in the building was remodeled to be a sanctuary.
K. K. Beth Elohim.
Founded in 1848 by German and Alsatian Jewish immigrants living in the village of Williamsburgh, K.K. Beth Elohim was the first Jewish congregation established in Brooklyn and the first on Long Island. It is a member congregation of the Union of Reform Judaism.
The congregation first worshiped in a private home on Marcy Avenue. In 1860 a former church building on South First Street was purchased and remodeled for use as a synagogue, it was afterwards used as a school offered elementary education in English and German, in both secular and religious subjects. The school closed when public education began in Brooklyn.
A new synagogue was built on Keap Street south of Division Avenue in 1876. Known as the Keap Street Temple, for many years it was the largest synagogue in Brooklyn. It is among the oldest synagogue buildings still standing in the United States.
Temple Israel.
Temple Israel was founded in 1869, until 1872 services were held in the Y.M.C.A. building on the corner of Fulton Street and Galatin Place in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. In that year the congregation purchased a former church building on Greene Avenue. Temple Israel dedicated a larger and more magnificent new building on the corner of Bedford and Lafayette Avenues in 1891.
Union Temple.
Temple Israel and K.K. Beth Elohim merged in 1921, deciding to erect a new temple in the newly fashionable location of 17 Eastern Parkway (Brooklyn). Plans were drawn up by Arnold Brunner for a Classical temple with an adjacent eleven-story community house. The community house was erected first, and dedicated in 1929. Because of the Great Depression, the planned Temple was never built. Instead, the congregation continued to worship in the Community House. During the High Holy Days the congregation worshiped at the Brooklyn Academy of Music. In 1942, the theater on the ground floor of the Community House was remodeled as a sanctuary, designed after the synagogue in Essen, Germany burned by the Nazis.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="21401317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401317" title="Padornelo (Spain)">
Padornelo (Spain)

Padornelo is a Spanish parish located in the council of Lubián in the region of Sanabria, 1260 meters height.

</doc>
<doc id="21401337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401337" title="Evelyn de Lacy">
Evelyn de Lacy

Evelyn Rose de Lacy (later "Whillier", 21 November 1917 – 27 June 2004) was an Australian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
As a 16 year old on 18 December 1933 she set a Western Australian state record in the 100 yard freestyle race at Crawley Baths.
In 1936 she was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 100 metre freestyle event. In the 400 metre freestyle competition she was eliminated in the first round.
At the 1938 Empire Games she won the gold medal in the 110 yards freestyle contest. She was also a member of the Australian relay team which won the silver medal in the 4×110 yards freestyle event and the bronze medal in the 3×110 yards medley competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21401339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401339" title="1935 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1935 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1935 Philadelphia Eagles season was their third in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–7, winning only two games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the third consecutive season. A home game against the Boston Redskins scheduled for November 17 was canceled due to snow and rain.
Off Season.
The Eagles move their training camp to a private school, the Chestnut Hill Academy in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Playoffs.
The Eagles failed to make the playoffs
1935 Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"

</doc>
<doc id="21401360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401360" title="20 Bank Street (London)">
20 Bank Street (London)

20 Bank Street (Heron Quays 1 (HQ1) or the Morgan Stanley Building) is a 14-storey office building in the Canary Wharf development in London, United Kingdom.
Completed in 2003, the building was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM). It is tall with a floorspace of .

</doc>
<doc id="21401367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401367" title="Charles Solomon (politician)">
Charles Solomon (politician)

Charles "Charley" Solomon (1889–1963) was a socialist politician from New York City, elected to the New York State Assembly in 1919 and expelled with four of his fellows on the first day of the legislative session, one week after the sensational Palmer Raids. The case of the "Five Socialist Assemblymen" became a cause célèbre of the Red Scare of 1919-20 and its resolution started the process of curbing war hysteria in the United States.
Biography.
Early years.
Charles Solomon was born in 1889 and was a resident of Brooklyn, New York.
Political career.
Solomon was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1919 and 1920, elected in the 23rd District of Kings County which at that time encompassed East New York, Brooklyn, 
At the beginning of the session of 1920, Speaker Thaddeus C. Sweet and the Republican majority suspended Solomon and the other four Socialist members ("viz." Louis Waldman, Samuel Orr, August Claessens and Sam DeWitt) for alleged disloyalty due to membership in the Socialist Party of America. A lengthy trial before the Judiciary Committee of the Assembly began in the middle of January. Socialist Party leaders Morris Hillquit and Seymour Stedman were in charge of the defense. During the course of the proceedings, testimony was taken from two New York City policemen who had attempted to stop a crowd of about 2,000 from disrupting a streetcar line in conjunction with a strike in the summer of 1919. According to the published testimony of the officers, on August 6, the two had come across a noisy crowd which had stopped several streetcars by piling debris on the tracks. A near riot erupted when the two plainclothesmen jumped into the fray, one swinging a club and the other punching and kicking. The crowd, for their part, threw rocks and debris at the officers. Assemblyman Solomon, the legislative representative of the district in which the disruption was taking place, was said to have forced his way to the front of the crowd, shouting "Pull the scabs off the cars!" Both officers recognized Solomon and one admonished him for encouraging unlawful behavior and interference. Solomon is said to have moved back into the crowd at this point. Shortly thereafter, reserves arrived and the crowd dispersed and the tracks were cleared. Such testimony proved damning to the cause of the Socialists. On April 1, the five assemblymen were expelled from the House. All five were re-elected at a special election on September 16, and appeared to take their seats at the beginning of the special session on September 20. The next day, DeWitt and Orr were permitted to take their seats, but Claessens, Solomon and Waldman were expelled again. Protesting against the re-expulsion of their comrades, DeWitt and Orr resigned their seats.
Solomon was re-elected to the Assembly in November 1920, and took his seat in the 144th New York State Legislature in January 1921.
Solomon continued to stand as a Socialist candidate for office on many occasions. During the 1920s he ran for Lieutenant Governor of New York in 1924; for the Assembly again in 1927; and for Justice of the New York Supreme Court in 1928. In the 1930s he stood for the New York State Senate (8th District) in 1930; for U.S. Senator from New York in 1932; for Mayor of New York City in 1933; for Governor of New York in 1934; and again for the New York Supreme Court in 1938. In December 1935, he took office as a New York City magistrate.
Activity in Socialist Party politics.
Solomon was a social democrat, believing in gradualist ameliorative reform and the use of the ballot box rather than relying upon violent seizure of power. In the 1932-36 party controversy, Solomon stood with the "Old Guard" faction headed by Morris Hillquit, James Oneal, and Louis Waldman.
Following its loss on the floor of the Detroit Convention, the SP's Old Guard took its case to the rank and file of the party, which had been called upon to either approve or defeat the new Declaration of Principles in referendum vote. A Committee for the Preservation of the Socialist Party was established and Solomon was called on to write an agitational pamphlet entitled "Detroit and the Party." In this polemical piece, Solomon decried the Detroit Declaration of Principles as "reckless," observing pointedly that "furious phrases cannot take the place of organized mass power." Solomon declared that
"The Declaration does not stand by itself, in a vacuum, as it were. Important as it is, it does not alone account for the vital struggle that is now being waged in the party. It represents the culminating point of a deep seated antagonism. It is like the straw that breaks or threatens to break the camel's back.
"The Declaration of Principles has brought to the surface divergences which are deep, antagonisms which make of our party not a coherent political organization working harmoniously for a common objective but a battle ground of internecine strife."
Solomon charged that the "so-called 'left'" was "making its position clear" with the Declaration of Principles: "There was no mistaking the flag it had unfurled. It was the banner of thinly veiled communism." While he declared that "the Declaration of Principles must be decisively rejected in the referendum," he nevertheless indicated in no uncertain terms that even this would not avert a factional split. "However, that is not enough," he wrote, "The Socialist Party must be made safe for Socialism, for social democracy."
When the resolution passed, the Old Guard immediately set about organizing to lock up the party's New York-based assets under its factional control. The state organization, the Socialist Party of New York, was expelled from the Socialist Party by its governing National Executive Committee in January 1936, and Solomon left with them to help establish the Social Democratic Federation.
Solomon died in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="21401388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401388" title="Long Marton railway station">
Long Marton railway station

Long Marton railway station was a railway station which 
served the village of Long Marton in Cumbria, England. Situated on the Settle-Carlisle Line, it was located south of Carlisle. Built by the Midland Railway, it was opened along with the line in 1876 and closed on 4 May 1970, when the local passenger service over the line was withdrawn.
The station buildings were sold and converted into a private residence after closure and remain in use as such today. However, the platforms were demolished (as were those at New Biggin and Culgaith) in the early 1970s, which precluded the station from being considered for reopening when the local service over the line restarted in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21401402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401402" title="Mtetengwe River">
Mtetengwe River

The Mtetengwe River is a tributary of the Mzingwane River in Beitbridge District, Zimbabwe. There are two dams on its tributaries: Tongwe Dam on the Tongwe River, which provides water for an irrigation scheme, and Giraffe Dam which supplies water for cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="21401418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401418" title="Charles Solomon">
Charles Solomon

Charles Solomon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21401457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401457" title="Woodward Report">
Woodward Report

The Woodward Report, formally titled the Report of the Committee on Freedom of Expression at Yale, was issued by Yale University in 1975. Historian C. Vann Woodward chaired the committee. Yale endorsed the first section of the report as official policy.
The final paragraph of that section reads:

</doc>
<doc id="21401488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401488" title="Joan Langdon">
Joan Langdon

Joan Marjorie Langdon, later "McLagan" (born December 2, 1922), is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 she was eliminated in the first round of the 200 metre breaststroke event.
At the 1938 Empire Games she won the bronze medal in the 220 yards breaststroke competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21401499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401499" title="Suhair al-Qaisi">
Suhair al-Qaisi

Suhair al-Qaisi (born 1985 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi news anchor for the Al Arabiya television station.

</doc>
<doc id="21401513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401513" title="Ex parte Levitt">
Ex parte Levitt

Ex parte Levitt, 302 U.S. 633 (1937), is a United States Supreme Court case.
Background.
In August 1937, President President Franklin D. Roosevelt nominated Senator Hugo Black to the Supreme Court. In March of that year, however, Congress had passed an act "permitting Justices to retire at full salary after a period of specified service, thereby increasthe emoluments of the office ... while [Black was a Senator." "Schlesinger v. Reservists Comm. to Stop the War", 418 U.S. 208, 219 (1974). The appointment thus ran clearly afoul of the ineligibility clause's bar on Senators being "appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States, which ... shall have been increased during such time..." Nevertheless, Black was confirmed and appointed. 
Shortly thereafter, citing the ineligibility clause problem, Albert Levitt filed a pro se motion in that court requesting leave to petition for an order requiring Black to show cause why he should be permitted to serve as an Associate Justice of this Court.
Opinion of the Court.
In a brief per curiam opinion, the court dismissed the case for want of standing:
The grounds of this motion are that the appointment of Mr. Justice Black by the President and the confirmation thereof by the Senate of the United States were null and void by reason of his ineligibility under Article I, Section 6, Clause 2, of the Constitution of the United States, and because there was no vacancy for which the appointment could lawfully be made. The motion papers disclose no interest upon the part of the petitioner other than that of a citizen and a member of the bar of this Court. That is insufficient. It is an established principle that to entitle a private individual to invoke the judicial power to determine the validity of executive or legislative action he must show that he has sustained or is immediately in danger of sustaining a direct injury as the result of that action and it is not sufficient that he has merely a general interest common to all members of the public. Tyler v. Judges, 179 U.S. 405, 406; Southern Ry. Co. v. King, 217 U.S. 524, 534; Newman v. Frizzell, 238 U.S. 537, 549, 550; Fairchild v. Hughes, 258 U.S. 126, 129; Massachusetts v. Mellon, 262 U.S. 447, 488. The motion is denied.

</doc>
<doc id="21401520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401520" title="Gladys Shelley">
Gladys Shelley

Gladys Shelley (December 15, 1911 - December 9, 2003) was an American lyricist and composer.
Early life.
Born in Lawrence, New York, Gladys Shelley began writing at an early age. Her first efforts were primarily poetry and before graduating from high school she had several items of her light verse published by Walter Winchell and other newspaper columnists.
After high school, she moved to New York City, enrolling at Columbia University and working for a time as an actress and dancer. She began writing song lyrics in the late 1930s.
Collaborations.
In 1940, Gladys Shelley and Abner Silver penned "How Did He Look?" which became her first hit and most frequently recorded song, originally done in 1941 by Joan Merrill. Her second song with Silver, "There Shall Be No Night", had its title taken from a then-current anti-Nazi play, and was recorded by the orchestras of Duke Ellington, Bob Chester, and Dick Jurgens. Over the course of her career, she penned more than 300 songs with a variety of composers, including Morton Gould, Frank Black, and Fred Astaire. The Shelly-Astaire collaboration, "Just Like Taking Candy From A Baby", was recorded by Fred Astaire. A 1946 musical entitled "The Duchess Misbehaves", for which she wrote the book and lyrics, opened at the Adelphi Theater in Manhattan, but managed only three performances before closing.
Palisades Amusement Park.
Gladys Shelley married Irving Rosenthal, the owner of New Jersey's Palisades Amusement Park, and in 1965 she wrote the music and lyrics to a radio and television jingle called "Come on Over" which proved to be a catchy and effective promotions device. The jingle was used until the park closed in 1971, rhyming "Palisades Amusement Park" with "swings all day and after dark." Shelley also wrote the theme song for the Little Miss America pageant, which debuted at Palisades Park in 1961 as a children's version of Miss America for girls aged 5 to 10.
Songs.
Her plaintive tune, "How Did He Look?", remained a New York cabaret favorite for more than sixty years and became associated with performer Mabel Mercer for whom it became a signature song. Other artists covering the tune included Carmen McRae, Eydie Gorme, Dakota Staton, Connie Francis, Vic Damone, Kevin Mahogany, and Mel Torme. The male versions sang the lyrics as "How Did She Look?"
Death.
The composer's death on December 9, 2002 was announced by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, the agency that licensed her songs. She died at her Manhattan home at age 92. Her "New York Times" obituary noted that the composer was a "memorable presence in her East Side neighborhood, where the sight of Ms. Shelley walking her five chihuahuas was a familiar one for many years."

</doc>
<doc id="21401538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401538" title="Norwood state by-election, 1980">
Norwood state by-election, 1980

The Norwood state by-election, 1980 was a by-election held on 16 February 1980 for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Norwood. It was triggered when the result in the seat at 1979 state election was overturned by the Court of Disputed Returns. Created and first contested at the 1938 state election, the seat had been held by former Premier and Labor MHA Don Dunstan since the 1953 state election until his resignation. The subsequent 1979 by-election was won by Labor's Greg Crafter, but he lost to the Liberal Party's Frank Webster at the 1979 state election. 
Result.
Crafter regained the seat at the by-election, a result which reversed the one in the 1979 state election held only five months earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="21401558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401558" title="List of awards and nominations received by Scissor Sisters">
List of awards and nominations received by Scissor Sisters

Scissor Sisters are an American band that formed in New York City in 2001. The group gained prominence after signing with the independent record label A Touch of Class and their songs "Electrobix" and "Comfortably Numb" (a Pink Floyd cover) were picked up by underground disc jockeys in nightclubs. They have released four studio albums: "Scissor Sisters" (2004), "Ta-Dah" (2006), "Night Work" (2010) and "Magic Hour" (2012). The group's remix EP, "Remixed!", was released through A Touch of Class in September 2004 and the iTunes live EP "" was released digitally in 2010. The band has also produced two video albums: "We Are Scissor Sisters... And So Are You" (2004) and "Hurrah! A Year of Ta-Dah" (2007).
"Scissor Sisters" was released through Polydor Records in February 2004 in the United Kingdom and through Universal Records in July 2004 in the United States. Singles from the album included "Laura", "Take Your Mama", "Mary" and "Filthy/Gorgeous". "Scissor Sisters" earned the group five awards, including three BRIT Awards (Best International Group, Best International Breakthrough Act, and Best International Album), a Bambi Prize (Shooting Star), and a GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Music Artist. "Ta-Dah" was released through the same labels in September 2006. Singles included "I Don't Feel Like Dancin'", "Land of a Thousand Words", "She's My Man" and "Kiss You Off". The album earned the group a second GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Music Artist and an Ivor Novello Award for Most Performed Work for "I Don't Feel Like Dancin'". Singles from "Night Work" included "Fire with Fire", "Any Which Way" and "Invisible Light". The music video for the latter song earned Scissor Sisters and director Roger Bellés three nominations from the UK Music Video Awards. Singles from "Magic Hour" included "Shady Love", "Only the Horses", "Baby Come Home" and "Let's Have a Kiki".
Other recognitions include the Gig of the Year award from Virgin Radio for their performance at the 2004 V Festival, and the inclusion of "Scissor Sisters" and "Ta-Dah" on "Out"'s "100 Greatest, Gayest Albums" list. Scissor Sisters have also been recognized by the Grammy Awards (Best Dance Recording nomination for "Comfortably Numb"), International Dance Music Awards, Meteor Music Awards, NME Awards, O Music Awards and Q Awards. Overall, Scissor Sisters have received 11 awards from 33 nominations.
Bambi Prize.
Created in 1948, the Bambi is an annual television and media prize awarded by the German media company Hubert Burda Media. Scissor Sisters have received one award from one nomination.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's (BPI) annual pop music awards. Scissor Sisters have received three awards from six nominations.
GLAAD Media Awards.
The GLAAD Media Awards were created in 1990 by the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) to recognize and honor the mainstream media for their fair, accurate and inclusive representations of the LGBT community. Scissor Sisters have received three awards from four nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Often considered the highest music honor, the awards were established in 1958. Scissor Sisters have been nominated once.
International Dance Music Awards.
The International Dance Music Awards, which take place during the annual Winter Music Conference, recognize achievements in the electronic dance music industry. Scissor Sisters have received one award from four nominations.
Ivor Novello Awards.
The Ivor Novello Awards, named after the Cardiff-born entertainer Ivor Novello, are awards for songwriting and composing. Scissor Sisters have received one award from one nomination.
Meteor Music Awards.
The Meteor Music Awards are distributed by MCD Productions and are the national music awards of Ireland. Scissor Sisters have received one award from four nominations.
NME Awards.
The NME Awards are an annual music awards show founded by the music magazine "NME". Scissor Sisters have received three nominations.
O Music Awards.
The O Music Awards, hosted by MTV, honor "artists, innovators and fans impacting digital music culture". Scissor Sisters have been nominated once.
Q Awards.
The Q Awards are the UK's annual pop music awards run by the music magazine "Q" magazine to honor musical excellence. Winners are voted by readers of "Q". Scissor Sisters have received five nominations.
UK Music Video Awards.
The UK Music Video Awards recognize "creativity and technical excellence" in music videos made within the United Kingdom. The music video for "Invisible Light" earned the group and director Roger Bellés an award for Best Art Direction and Design in a Video. Scissor Sisters have received one award from three nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="21401606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401606" title="Charles Gordon (producer)">
Charles Gordon (producer)

Charles Gordon is an American film producer and brother to Lawrence Gordon.

</doc>
<doc id="21401620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401620" title="Ron Crutchley">
Ron Crutchley

Ronald "Ron" Crutchley (20 June 1922 – 1987) was an English professional footballer.
Born in Walsall, Crutchley joined Walsall F.C. in 1945, where he gained a reputation as a "hard-working defensive wing-half". After 62 appearances in four seasons, he joined Shrewsbury Town in 1950. In 1954 he left Shrewsbury and signed for Wellington Town.
After retiring from football he was a popular figure behind his stall in the Bull Ring Market in Birmingham, as well as working with his brother at Crutchleys of Walsall. He was married twice and had two sons he also had an illegitimate daughter with a previous girlfriend

</doc>
<doc id="21401625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401625" title="Vital Tech Tones">
Vital Tech Tones

The Vital Tech Tones were an American fusion supergroup formed in the mid-1990s. It was composed of Vital Information drummer Steve Smith, Tribal Tech guitarist Scott Henderson, and Béla Fleck and the Flecktones bassist Victor Wooten. The group released two albums before breaking up due to time constraints (the band was a side project for all three members). There is still some talk of a future reunion, but no official announcement has been made.
The band never played live, although Smith has performed with Henderson and Wooten on separate occasions.
The band's music is almost entirely instrumental, focused on virtuosic, free flowing soloing on top of a complex, solid groove. It is considered to be more on the rock end of the fusion spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="21401631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401631" title="Massachusetts v. Mellon">
Massachusetts v. Mellon

Massachusetts v. Mellon, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court rejected the concept of taxpayer standing. The case was consolidated with "Frothingham v. Mellon". The plaintiffs in the cases, Frothingham and Massachusetts, sought to prevent certain federal government expenditures which they considered to violate the Fifth Amendment. The court rejected the suits on the basis that neither plaintiff suffered particularized harm, writing:
We have no power "per se" to review and annul acts of Congress on the ground that they are unconstitutional. The question may be considered only when the justification for some direct injury suffered or threatened, presenting a justiciable issue, is made to rest upon such an act…. The party who invokes the power must be able to show not only that the statute is invalid but that he has sustained or is immediately in danger of sustaining some direct injury as the result of its enforcement, and not merely that he suffers in some indefinite way in common with people generally.
This case is considered the beginning of the doctrine of standing. Prior to it the doctrine was that all persons had a right to pursue a private prosecution of a public right.
The Warren Court would later carve out an exception to this rule in "Flast v. Cohen", but later cases have confirmed that "Flast" is an exceedingly limited exception to "Frothingham"'s general rule (see "Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans United for Separation of Church and State" and "Hein v. Freedom From Religion Foundation").

</doc>
<doc id="21401642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401642" title="Yipster">
Yipster

Yipster is a terminological hybrid of the words, "Hipster" and "Yuppie" borne out of the geographical and cultural proximities between two gentrified neighborhoods in Brooklyn, New York: Williamsburg and Park Slope. The word's significance is based around the idea that cultural features associated with "hipsters" (Williamsburg), such as particular interests in music, art and fashion, blend with the economic advantages of "Yuppies" (Park Slope), which simultaneously facilitate and promote such interests to the extent that members of both groups are identified by them. 
Although a significant amount of animosity and a number of cultural prejudices are shared between both two social groups and neighborhoods, [http://observer.com/20060522/20060522_Suzy_Hansen_pageone_slopeopera.asp] the social strata of the people who populate them are, in terms of race and class, more alike than they are different.
Although many in Brooklyn claim to have coined the term, Yipster, there is evidence the term was in use on the west coast, most notably, Los Angeles and East Hollywood, as early as 1984, which would predate its use on the east coast by almost ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="21401644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401644" title="Keratosis extremitatum progrediens">
Keratosis extremitatum progrediens

Keratosis extremitatum progrediens may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21401650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401650" title="Regalian right">
Regalian right

Regalian right was the right of a monarch to receive the income from the estates of a vacant bishopric or abbacy. A liberty was an area where the regalian right did not apply.
History.
In England, the exact practice prior to the Norman Conquest of England in 1066 is unclear, but for monasteries it is likely that the bishop or the prior administered the estate, and that the revenues did not go to the king. Under King William the Conqueror, the record is also unclear, but the absence of monastic complaints suggests that revenues did not go to the royal treasury.
In medieval England, King William II was known for keeping bishoprics and abbeys vacant so that his own officials could administer them and keep the income for the king, although recent studies have shown that this was not quite as common as the medieval chroniclers complained of. The income from the regalian right was an important, if irregular, source of income for the kings. At least in England under William II, there was a natural tendency to keep the more lucrative offices vacant longer than the poorer offices, thus allowing the royal revenue to be augmented.
Although William's successor, King Henry I at the start of his reign said he would abandon the practice of leaving ecclesiastical offices vacant in order to secure their revenue for himself, events soon required him to exploit the regalian rights also. Henry's most recent biographer, C. Warren Hollister, argued that Henry never intended to renounce the exercise of the regalian right, merely the abuses of it that William II was accused of by the monastic chroniclers.
The Pipe roll from 1130 shows a number of vacant benefices whose revenues were going to the royal coffers. King Henry II continued the practice of using the regalian rights from monasteries, although the king generally allowed a division of revenues between the actual monks and the abbatial office, and did not administer or touch the monks' income. Revenues from the regalian rights were normally paid into the Exchequer, who would record it on the pipe rolls.

</doc>
<doc id="21401655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21401655" title="Group Against Racial Discrimination (Fiji)">
Group Against Racial Discrimination (Fiji)

The Group Against Racial Discrimination (GARD) was formed in Fiji in 1990 to act as a pressure group against the unilateral imposition of a discriminatory constitution by the military Government controlled by Major General Sitiveni Rabuka.
Imposition of new constitution on people of Fiji.
After the two coups executed by Major General Sitiveni Rabuka against Timoci Bavadra’s NFP-Labour Coalition government in 1987, the country was still in a state of political uncertainty in 1990. It had been declared a Republic by Rabuka soon after his second coup in September 1987, but after two attempts at finding a Constitution acceptable to all sections of Fiji's community, success was still elusive. Fiji was ostensibly being ruled by an interim government with Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau as President and Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara as Prime Minister. The military, however, still held a strong grip on the affairs of the nation, and called all the shots.
After the failure of the interim government in having two versions of its proposed Constitution accepted by all people of Fiji, the country was in a political stalemate. The announcement on the night of the 25 July 1990 by the President of Fiji of a new Constitution came as a complete shock to the people of Fiji as it had happened without any prelude. 
Initially, those opposed to the imposition of the new constitution, and brave enough to express their views, began expressing their opposition to the new constitution through letters to the media. But the interim government was adamant that the constitution was there to stay. And it did everything in its power to create an impression that the unilaterally-imposed Constitution had been accepted by all citizens of Fiji. 
Formation.
To co-ordinate efforts against the imposition which was regarded as unjust, it was decided to form a pressure group, known as Group Against Racial Discrimination (GARD). This was a loose grouping of like-thinking individuals, most of whom were University of the South Pacific (USP) academics, who had the common desire to see the restoration of a democratic government in the country after the 1970 constitution had been abrogated by Major-General Rabuka. Their main aim was to bring the plight of the people of Fiji to the notice of the free world through letters and other means of communication. Efforts towards the local campaign quickly became ineffectual after the media began refusing to publish the letters.
Burning of Constitution.
GARD decided that a better way to demonstrate its opposition was by burning copies of the constitution. This had been tried a couple of times earlier, however, these actions had been largely ineffective as they had failed to gain any publicity. To gain widespread publicity in Fiji, and internationally, it was decided to carry out the protest during celebrations for the Diwali Festival, also known as the festival of lights, celebrated by Hindus. 
The protest was implemented on Thursday, 18 October 1990 in Suva. After a short speech by Dr. Anirudh Singh, a USP lecturer, a copy of the constitution was burnt. The protest was duly reported in the "Daily Post" the next day, with the front-page headline saying “Hindus burn constitution”. The interim government called an emergency cabinet meeting. It condemned the protest, and released a statement calling the action “treasonous and despicable”. It asked the police to investigate.
In the week that followed, plain-clothes policemen visited USP to obtain statements from some of the members of the protest group. Members of GARD, including the Chair-person, Dr. Anirudh Singh, were taken to the Police Headquarters in Suva for questioning. During the week, a member of GARD who worked for the media informed GARD members that they were under surveillance by the army. The group feared receiving the same type of punitive treatment that some of their USP colleagues had received soon after the 1987 coups at the hands of the military. They had been taken captive and detained by the military for extended periods of time, during which they had been subjected to physical and psychological torture and interrogation. 
Chairperson of GARD abducted.
Despite precautions by members of the group, on the morning of Wednesday, 24 October 1990, Dr Anirudh Singh was abducted while on his way to work. Dr Singh was blind-folded and taken to a forest in hills outside Suva called Colo-i-Suva. He was gagged and severely beaten and interrogated for 12 hours. His captors then left him in the dark and disappeared. Dr Singh made his way to a road and was driven to safety by a passing taxi. He had incurred severe injuries to his face and hands and needed to travel to Australia for medical treatment.
On 22 November 1990, five members of the Special Operations Security Unit of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces pleaded guilty to the abduction and torture of Dr Singh and were sentenced to 12 months imprisonment suspended for 15 months. The army denied that the five had acted on its orders and even sent them on peace keeping duties overseas.
High Court of Fiji rules in favour of GARD chairperson.
Dr Singh sued the five and the Attorney General and after a thirteen-year delay, on 1 November 2006, the High Court of Fiji ruled in favour of Dr Singh. In his judgement, Justice R.J. Coventry said "I do find that there were tortious acts as pleaded in the Statement of Claim committed by the first five defendants. I do not find that the defence under section 52 of the Royal Fiji Military Forced Act is available to the five defendants nor consequently the sixth defendant. I find that the tortious acts committed by the five defendants were so closely connected with their employment and in particular the functions and purposes of the Special Operations Security Unit that the sixth defendant, representing the State, is vicariously liable for those tortious acts.”
Dr Singh, speaking to "Fiji Live" said he has finally found closure as the matter has been in the judicial system for 13 years. "People have been asking me, is it about the money? Money is not important. What's important is the fact that we have proved ourselves that we were right. Today's ruling has set a precedent and is clearly a landmark case that will definitely have positive ramifications. There are many others that were tortured during the period after the 1987 coup.”

</doc>
