<doc id="21628117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628117" title="Piano Quartet No. 3 (Brahms)">
Piano Quartet No. 3 (Brahms)

The Piano Quartet in C minor, Op. 60, completed by Johannes Brahms in 1875, sometimes called the "Werther" Quartet, is scored for piano, violin, viola and cello. 
Structure.
The quartet is in four movements:
Analysis.
First movement.
The first movement is a sonata form movement in C minor in triple meter. It begins with the piano playing bare octaves on C. The violin, viola, and violoncello then play the ominous first theme, consisting of two sighing gestures of a descending minor second, followed by a descending theme. Some have speculated that the sighing motive is a musical utterance of the name "Clara," in reference to Clara Schumann, the composer, pianist, and lifelong friend and love interest of Brahms. More clear is Brahms's transposed version of Robert Schumann's "Clara theme," found in various pieces such as his "Bunte Blätter", Op. 99 (1841), on which both Clara and Brahms wrote sets of piano variations. According to Jan Swafford, "Schumann used the notes C-B-A-G-A (often transposed) to outline the musical letters of Clara's name: C l A r A (B standing in for l, G for r)." In Brahms's piano quartet, the same melody of the "Clara theme" is retained in Brahms's main theme, as it is spelled E-D-C-B-C.
After the first statement of the theme, the piano plays octaves on B. The opening motives, again played by the strings, becomes more chromatic and unsettling, until finally coming to rest on the dominant of C, G major. The viola and violin play pizzicato octaves on E-natural before the strings cascade down the C harmonic minor scale that ushers in the first theme, stated forte. After a brief development of this theme, an ascending gesture based on sixteenth-notes alternating between the notes of a minor second serves as the transition to the second theme in the relative major of C minor, E major. This second theme is an uplifting eight-measure theme stated initially in the piano alone. Brahms then uses the technique of theme and variations to construct four variations on this theme, each eight measures long. A short idea based on the opening theme closes the exposition, which is not repeated. 
The development section begins by restating the theme from measures 32-35 in E minor. This moves to B major for a new fortissimo idea (perhaps a variation) based on the same theme. The quartet's opening sighing motives become developed in an E minor passage that incorporates a triplet figure on the second beat of the measure, and eventually the previous B major idea is restated identically in G major. The second theme from the exposition is then treated in imitative (quasi-canonic) counterpoint in C minor. After the beginning of the third contrapuntal treatment of this theme, a dominant pedal is sustained in octaves on G. This resolves unexpectedly to an A major chord that is quickly brought down to C minor by the opening sighing motive in the piano.
The sighing motive indicates the beginning of the recapitulation. Rather than affirming the tonic of C minor, however, Brahms takes the recapitulation in a different direction: the opening section again ends on a dominant pedal on G with the violin and viola playing pizzicato octaves on E-natural, but the E-natural is used to turn the music to E minor. Chromatic descent is employed to bring the music to a half-cadence on D, leading to the second theme in G major. This is perhaps the only sonata form movement in the minor mode in which the recapitulation features the second subject in the key of the major dominant. The second theme is first stated by the viola, which is then followed by three new variations (the first being played by the violin, the second and third by the piano), and one of the same variations as the exposition. A fifth variation leads to a short digression in C major but becomes chromatic and ends with a development the first theme, coming to a cadence on C. This is followed by a brief coda that expands on the first motives heard in the piece. Nevertheless, the key of C minor is arguably not clearly established by the recapitulation (the key signature of C minor is present at the end of the movement for less than two complete pages). The movement ends with a clear tonic-dominant-tonic cadence, stated piano. The expansive and exploratory nature of the movement, along with the quiet closing dynamic, helps make the conventional final cadential progression appear mysterious.
Second movement.
The second movement is a tempestuous scherzo (ternary form) in compound duple meter in C minor, the same key as the first movement. Donald Francis Tovey argues that Brahms puts the scherzo in the same key as the first movement because the first movement does not sufficiently stabilize its own tonic and requires the second movement to " the tonal balance unprovided for by the end of the first movement." Although it is the shortest scherzo of Brahms's piano quartets, it is formally and tonally very complex. 
The movement begins with an opening motif of a descending octave on G and a rising minor second to A stated by the piano, followed by a falling diatonic line accompanied by the strings. The first theme, which clearly derives from the opening motif, is immediately by the solo piano played after this and Brahms uses the technique of developing variation to expand this theme. Most melodic ideas can be traced to the opening motif or the ascending minor second of the opening motif, which, notably, is the inversion of the descending sighs of the introduction of the first movement. This scherzo is very chromatic and unstable tonally, although it does actually move to a secondary phrase on the dominant and returns to the tonic with frequency. The scherzo ends with a pedal on the tonic C minor. 
The middle section is not demarcated by the title of trio as are the middle sections of the scherzi from Brahms's previous two piano quartets. Moreover, this middle section serves more as a section of contrasting material than as a structural contrast - it maintains the same key signature, time signature, and tempo as the scherzo, is not musically marked off in any clear way, and even develops the same themes as the scherzo. One may argue whether it is in fact a trio at all, as nineteenth century composers knew it. Nonetheless, the middle section begins with a new theme, an ascending line in quarter notes in the strings, accompanied by a descending triplet figure played by the piano. This instrumentation is soon reversed and earlier themes from the scherzo become further developed. The transition back to the scherzo develops and rhythmically diminishes the opening motif of the scherzo and is the most chromatic, rhythmically complex, loud, and dramatic section of the movement. The scherzo is repeated almost entirely, however, the section immediately preceding the tonic pedal is omitted and replaced with a climactic dominant chord in a very high register in the strings, ending with a tierce de picardie on C major with three loud declamations of the tonic major chord.
Third movement.
The "Andante" is in a modified ternary form: ABCA' with a coda. This is the only movement of the quartet that is not C minor, and it is in the key of E major, a remote key in the context of C minor. This can be explained by its origin as the slow movement to a piano quartet in C-sharp minor, which Brahms revised and published as Op. 60 in C minor. The key of E major is easily explained in the tonal context of C minor, but the key choice of this movement was not revised as was the first movement; it should also be noted that the slow movement to Brahms’s Symphony No. 1 in C minor is also in E major. The "Andante" begins with a luscious melody played by the violoncello in its upper register (Theme A) with only the piano as accompaniment. The opening thematic material of this melody is a sequence of descending thirds, a gesture frequently used by Brahms (such as in his Piano Sonata No. 3, Op. 119, No. 1, and the opening to Symphony No. 4 to name a few). The violin eventually joins in with a new melody over the cello. The viola enters later with a tutti descending stepwise idea. The A section, which is itself in a sort of AAB form, ends in the conventional dominant key of B major. 
The B section (in ABAB form) begins with a syncopated ascending stepwise melodic line in the violin to be played "molto dolce" (Theme B). The piano begins to gain prominence with a distorted version of the opening cello line, played symmetrically across the piano (Theme C). Another theme developed in the B section is a falling line with dotted rhythms (Theme D). 
The third section begins in B major but is highly chromatic. The piano plays a version of Theme B in broken octaves under consistent eighth-notes played by the violin and viola. This figure ends with a version of Theme C in broken octaves in the piano. This alternates with the string section, which develops Theme C. The piano rejoins and develops Themes C and D with the strings in E minor, but soon the violin plays Theme D over the other strings. At this point, the strings alternate with the piano, which plays Theme D in an unstable harmonic palette in broken octaves, while the strings play a combination of Themes C and D. This passage of alternating instruments moves from E minor to C minor to G-sharp minor back to E major in the reprise of the A section. 
The only significant differences between the first and second A sections are that in the second, the piano moves in triplets, there is a full string texture almost entirely throughout (often using "pizzicato"), and the piano begins the theme (although it is soon replaced by the cello). The coda is introduced by a new chord progression in the first "tutti" idea and by a solo cello line. Theme B is presented first by the viola and then by the violin, and the movement ends with the first measure of Theme A, stated first by the cello and then by the piano, concluding with a "pianissimo" affirmation of the tonic.
Fourth movement.
The finale is a sonata-allegro in C minor in cut-time with a secondary subject in E major. The tempo is "Allegro comodo" and the exposition is repeated. The piano accompaniment for the first theme, stated immediately in measure 1, is taken from the opening piano line of Felix Mendelssohn’s Piano Trio in C minor, Op. 66, movement 1. Mendelssohn's Piano Trio also features a quotation of a chorale melody taken from the sixteenth-century Genevan psalter 'Vor deinen Thron tret ich hiermit' (“Before Your Throne I Now Appear”). Vincent CK Cheung has also observed that the opening G-E motion in the violin, coupled with the G-G-G-C in the piano greatly points toward the “Fate theme” in Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony. Brahms’s piece thus operates on multiple levels of reference (both literary and musical) and quotation.
The movement begins with the violin playing a theme above piano accompaniment. Both lines are separate themes that are developed individually throughout the movement, but they are similar in one major respect: both are constructed of three ascending notes preceded by a pickup, which go to a neighbor tone of the highest note and move back to that note. The essential notes of the violin theme are B-C-D-E-F-E, and the essential notes of the piano theme are: G-C-E-G-F-G (the rest of the piano theme is a descending sequence of ascending seconds: G-A-F-G-E-F-D-E). Therefore, the violin line uses an upper neighbor tone while the piano line uses a lower neighbor tone. This is crucial for understanding Brahms’s development of the thematic ideas of this movement.
The violin melody is halting and primarily diatonic, played over an energetic piano accompaniment. It moves from C minor to G minor, although it ends with a change of mode to G major. After this, the violin plays a descending stepwise melody, which under close inspection is revealed to be an inversion of its own original theme (from B-C-D-E-F-E to G-F-E-D-C-B) in successive quarter notes. The viola and cello soon accompany this figure. This builds up until measure 39, where a thunderous theme erupts in all instruments. This moves quickly to an idea constructed in triplets. Tonally, this passage is in C minor, and the final progression ends with an alternation between B-diminished and A major. The piano plays a broken A major chord, followed by a broken A minor chord that is used to make a transition to E major.
The section in the relative major begins with a theme clearly composed from the theme of the piano’s accompaniment, in this case stated by the violin and viola moving in unison over a piano accompaniment based on the previous broken chordal figure. This briefly exchanges with a cello countermelody. When the violin and viola soar to an unexpectedly high register, the piano interrupts by playing an explosive broken dominant seventh chord. The strings respond by a "piano," homophonic, homorythmic theme to be played "mezza voce" (It: medium voice). This idea is taken directly from the opening string theme of the first movement. Rather than accompanying this theme, the piano plays a descending broken chord after each utterance. The exposition ends in E-flat major, and Brahms indicates that it should be repeated.
The development begins with an exploration of the descending third that begins the violin’s opening theme; when sequenced, this produces a series of descending thirds that recalls the opening theme of the third movement (G-E-C-A). The piano accompanies this with its initial theme. Brahms quickly eliminates accidentals from the key signature as the piece progresses to D major and A minor. Interspersed are descending chromatic phrases played by the piano. In measures 117-118, the cello introduces a new four-note idea (E-F-D-E) played "pizzicato" underneath the piano. This idea is taken from the second half of the first piano theme (G-A-F-G). The viola plays the opening of the piano’s first theme, which resembles an inversion of the sequenced thirds developed moments earlier. Brahms repeats this pattern almost exactly, moving from A minor to E minor to B minor. In B minor, the piano develops its initial theme to a greater extent. This part of the development section is concluded by syncopated phrases by the viola and piano, which echo the second half of the piano’s first theme in B minor.
Karl Geiringer has shown that the next section (mm. 155-188) is an insertion "in order to mitigate the excessive conciseness of this movement." Later insertions were atypical of Brahms because of his "striving after compression," and it seems that he "for once overshot the mark." The later addition explains the motion away from B minor, only to return to the key some thirty measures later. This section continues with the homorhythmic theme in G major, then in E major. What follows is a quick ("Tempo I") development of the initial piano theme in C minor, with all strings playing the opening four notes (moving in the often used progression i – I – iv). This exact sequence is used again in the coda to turn the movement from the minor mode to major. A dominant seventh chord in C minor is used as a pivot chord to return to B minor (a similar progression is used in Brahms’s "Ballade", Op. 118, No. 3, in which a dominant seventh chord built on G moves abruptly to B major). The violin develops its initial theme in B minor and then D minor with all three string instruments. The final notes of the theme (F-E) are sequenced and inverted repeatedly, recalling the significance of descending seconds in the first movement of this quartet. This moves from D minor to G minor to C minor. The end of the development section sees a very high and prolonged A, which parallels the end of the development section of the first movement.
The recapitulation, which reinstates the key signature of C minor, begins with the initial violin theme stated "forte" by all strings, accompanied by the piano playing broken octaves in triplets, outlining the main notes of its theme. After the first statement, the piano resumes its original accompaniment and the strings are reduced to a "piano" dynamic. This proceeds similarly to the exposition, albeit with the themes developed more extensively. Notably, the music turns toward G minor more strongly and the key signature changes to C major, as the relative major section from the exposition is in the tonic major in the recapitulation. The rest of the recapitulation is nearly identical to the exposition, ending in C major.
The coda begins at measure 311, with the piano loudly declaring the homorhythmic theme, alternating with the strings. The violin theme is then played by the strings in C major, but it soon shifts back to C minor (the key signature too returns). The four-note idea from the development section comes back, this time with its first note removed. The chromatic descending scale in the piano, an abbreviation of the violin theme in the viola, the four-note theme, and the chord progression (i – I – iv) indicate that the coda draws more from the development section than from the exposition or recapitulation. The music quietly subsides into a "tranquillo" section in which the inversion of the violin theme (first stated in measures 21-22 from the exposition) is sequenced across the strings while the piano continues to develop its initial theme. The violin and cello eventually sustain the tonic C for a great amount of time while the piano and viola begin to lean toward the tonic major in a continuing I – iv progression. All instruments continue to die down as the piano plays one last descending chromatic scale, the violin and viola combine the piano’s initial theme with the quarter note rhythm of the violin theme, and the cello sustains a low C. As the piano and strings reach their final notes, a C major chord stated "pianissimo" is held briefly, shining out of the mist. Two sudden "forte" C major chords complete this quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="21628124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628124" title="Anita of Braganza">
Anita of Braganza

Anita Stewart Morris (August 7, 1886, Elberon, New Jersey – September 15, 1977), also known as Princess Miguel of Braganza, Duchess of Viseu, was an American socialite and heiress who married Prince Miguel, Duke of Viseu, grandson of King Miguel I of Portugal, and the eldest son of Dom Miguel, Duke of Braganza, who was Miguelist claimant to the throne of Portugal from 1866 to 1920.
Personal life.
Anita Rhinelander Stewart was born to Annie Armstrong and William Rhinelander Stewart. The princess had one sibling, W. Rhinelander Stewart, Jr.
Stewart married Dom Miguel of Braganza, Infante of Portugal, Duke of Viseu, in Dingwall Castle, Scotland, on September 15, 1909; she had been created Princess of Braganza by the Emperor of Austria the day before. Out of this union, three children were born: Nadejda de Braganza, Miguel de Braganza, and John de Braganza, all of whom used the title Prince and Princess until 1920, when their parents' marriage was deemed to be in contravention of royal law. Nadejda married Vadim Dorozynski in Capri, Italy on August 16, 1930, as her first husband; she committed suicide in 1936, after her marriage to René Millet. Miguel graduated from the prestigious St. George School in Newport, Rhode Island in 1933.
Dom Miguel, Duke of Viseu, died in 1923, after which the Princess moved to New York City. In order to regain her American citizenship, she had to renounce her royal title. However, society continued to refer to her with her regal title.
Anita de Braganza married Lewis Gouverneur Morris in New York City in 1946. After that, she continued to operate a photography studio in Manhattan and spend time at Malbone their Gothic Revival estate in Newport, Rhode Island.
Anita died at the age of 91, on September 15, 1977 at her home in Newport, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21628139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628139" title="1921 Akron Pros season">
1921 Akron Pros season

The 1921 Akron Pros season was their second in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 8–0–3, losing three games. They finished third in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21628145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628145" title=".338 Marlin Express">
.338 Marlin Express

The .338 Marlin Express is a new cartridge developed by Marlin Firearms and Hornady. It is based on the .376 Steyr with a goal to duplicate the venerable .30-06 Springfield's performance in a cartridge compatible with lever-action firearms. The cartridge uses a slightly shorter, rimmed case to function in lever action rifles with tubular magazines. As introduced in Hornady's LEVERevolution line of cartridges, it follows the design logic of the .308 Marlin Express which preceded it. The .338MX fires heavier .338 caliber bullets than the .308 Marlin Express at roughly the same velocity. It is chambered in Marlin's Model 338MX and 338MXLR rifles using the Marlin Model 336 action.
Design History and Cartridge Performance.
Whereas the .308 Marlin Express began by modifying the .307 Winchester, Hornady and Marlin engineers started with a previous collaboration between Hornady and the Austrian arms maker Steyr, the .376 Steyr, when designing the .338 Marlin Express. The case of the .376 Steyr was given a thicker web for added strength, then necked down to .338. The .308 Marlin Express, on the other hand, was made with a thinner web than its parent case, the .307 Winchester, for additional capacity. Although the thicker case webbing reduced capacity, new powders allow the .338 Marlin Express to achieve velocities similar to the .338 Federal with significantly lower pressures. Hornady engineers then looked to the projectile for the new cartridge. They settled on the 200-grain .338 projectile from their .338 Winchester Magnum line. The existing bullet was remade with a thinner jacket in order to promote expansion and upset at longer ranges. This 200-grain .338" projectile is able to impart significantly more energy than the 160 gr projectile used in the .308 Marlin Express, despite similar muzzle velocities. Further, the projectile's high ballistic coefficient allows the .338 Marlin Express to maintain velocity to greater distances than big bore lever cartridges such as .45-70, .444 Marlin, or even the high performance .450 Marlin. Although the heavy bullet weight of these cartridges allow them more muzzle energy, the ballistic advantage of the .338 Marlin Express's projectile begins to show beyond 100 yds. After that point the .338 Marlin Express's projectile retains more energy than even the .450 Marlin. Like the .308 Marlin Express, the .338 Marlin Express was designed to be a relatively flat shooting cartridge, taking advantage of the relatively high Bc bullets Hornady designed for the rounds. Its trajectory is similar to the .30-06 Springfield.
Comparison.
The .338 Marlin Express was designed to produce performance similar to the .30-06 Springfield. This would give lever-action hunters improved performance over their .30-30 Winchester rounds. The table below shows how the rounds compare. Note that reloading data for 200-grain (10 g) bullets for some of the cartridges is not available. Extensive loading data for the .338 Marlin Express is not yet available. The powder used in the Hornady loading is also not yet commercially available as of Feb '09. This round was designed with an elastomer tip, so that the .338 projectile would be safe for use in the tubular magazines of lever action rifles. Traditional spitzer bullets are not compatible with the tubular magazines. This is due to the danger of the hard, pointed bullet-tip igniting the primer of the round in front of it under recoil impulse. The softer tip eliminates the hazards of stacking pointed rounds end to end in a tubular magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21628148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628148" title="Piano Quartet No. 1 (Brahms)">
Piano Quartet No. 1 (Brahms)

The Piano Quartet in G minor, Op. 25, was composed by Johannes Brahms between 1856 and 1861. It was Clara Schumann who owned this masterpiece, as she was the pianist for the first performance in 1861 in Hamburg. It was also played in Vienna on November 16, 1862, with Brahms himself at the piano supported by members of the Hellmesberger Quartet. Like most piano quartets, it is scored for piano, violin, viola and cello.
The quartet is in four movements:
First movement.
This first movement, a sonata form movement in G minor and common time, begins immediately with the first theme, a declamatory statement in straight quarter-notes, stated in octaves for the piano alone. This theme is the opening cell that governs the content of the rest of the musical material in the movement. The other instruments soon join in to develop this initial theme and cadence in G minor. There are five other themes in the exposition. The second is in B-flat major (for all instruments), the third is in D minor (beginning with violoncello solo), and the fourth and fifth are in D major (the fourth being the D minor theme in the major mode and developed differently as well, and the fifth being a more exuberant idea for all instruments, marked 'animato'). The exposition ends with a closing section that develops only the opening theme and oscillates between D major and D minor, and eventually ends, almost reluctantly, in D major. Although the exposition is not repeated, Brahms creates the illusion of its repetition by starting the development section with the identical ten measures that begins the exposition, up to and including the strong G minor cadence. The development section then goes through many of the themes previously heard and extends them in new ways, and moves from A minor to E minor and eventually to D major. Very atypically, the recapitulation begins not with the first theme, but with the second theme in G major. The resolution is short-lived, as it moves back to the minor mode, where it cadences after an imitative development of the first theme in G minor. The recapitulation ends with a coda that is relatively brief but intense, concluding with an ascending passage built through imitation of the opening cell, whose buildup comes suddenly crashing down in a descending 'fortissimo' phrase. The piece ends on a desolate and incomplete-sounding G minor chord, the highest notes being the third and fifth scale degrees of the tonic triad rather than the tonic.
Second movement.
The second movement, marked Intermezzo and Trio, is in C minor and compound triple meter. It is in ternary form and functions like a scherzo, the more traditional second or third movement of a piano quartet. The consistently repeated eighth notes creates an effect of perpetual motion, even agitation, although the melodic themes are quite lyrical. The intermezzo flirts between major and minor and ends in C major. The trio, in A-flat major, is quicker and less agitated than the intermezzo; the trio has two primary themes, the first being in A-flat and the second beginning in E major. The intermezzo is repeated, followed by a brief coda in C major that restates the theme of the trio.
Third movement.
The Andante slow movement, is a ternary form movement in E-flat major in triple time. The first subject is very lyrical. A second idea, which brings back the repeated eighth notes from the intermezzo, begins the transition to the second main section. The second section is in C major and starts with fortissimo chords in dotted rhythm for the piano solo. The second theme itself is rhythmically energetic and exuberant in character. It is initially stated by the piano and accompanied by light sixteenth note gestures by the strings, although this is later reversed. After a surprising twist, in which the instruments land on a diminished-seventh chord, the first theme returns, first in C minor and then in the home key of E-flat major. A long coda helps to stabilize the often dissonant and unstable harmonies of the movement. Like the previous movements, this movement develops a plethora of themes. The final cadence of this movement, from the minor subdominant to the tonic, is used to conclude many of Brahms's slow movements, such as that from the Piano Quintet. The voicing of the last chord is ominous: the highest note of the strings is the violin's open G string, while the piano plays a tonic chord (again with the third on top) two octaves higher.
Fourth movement.
This fast rondo (marked 'presto') is in G minor in duple time. The subtitle "Rondo alla zingarese" has given it the nickname "Gypsy Rondo." Like many of Brahms's finales, this uses as its principle theme a very fast, rhythmic, tonal, simple idea (see the finales to his Piano Quintet and Double Concerto), this one covering an irregular number of measures. The formal design resembles: ABACDBCADCBA, although the movement is more nuanced than this because each section is in ABA form and cadenzas occasionally interject between sections. This movement is notable for its difficulty, rhythmic and metrical complexity, and harmonic exploration (for instance, after the final D section, the piano plays a cadenza based on the B section that modulates from G minor to F-sharp minor), and has remained one of the most difficult movements to perform in all of Brahms's chamber music.
Arrangements.
The quartet was orchestrated by Arnold Schoenberg in 1937 and premiered by the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra; this orchestrated version was made into the ballet "Brahms–Schoenberg Quartet" by George Balanchine.
The Hungarian-born composer Ernő Dohnányi transcribed the fourth movement as a bravura showpiece for solo piano. There is a recording of Dohnányi playing the transcription on the Ampico B recording piano. This recording was released on a Newport Classic CD called "The Performing Piano II" (NC 60030) however, the piece is incorrectly attributed as being one of the Hungarian Dances.

</doc>
<doc id="21628178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628178" title="Cambridge Street Firehouse">
Cambridge Street Firehouse

The Cambridge Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 534 Cambridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The two story brick building was built in 1886 in a Queen Anne style, with some Romanesque details. It is nearly identical to Worcester's Woodland Street Firehouse; both were designed by Fuller & Delano and built the same year.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, at which time it was still an active firehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21628179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628179" title="Minuscule 233">
Minuscule 233

Minuscule 233 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 173 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment and paper. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 279 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae. It is written partly on parchment, partly on paper, in two columns per page, 37 lines per page. The leaves are arranged in octavo. It has some additional material (life of saints).
It contains a commentary, in catena quotations of Church Fathers, Prolegomena to the four Gospels, the Eusebian tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, numbers of , and numbers of στιχοι to the first two Gospels. It has ligatures. The paper has survived in bad condition. It is hard to read.
Text.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Matthew Dandolo, a Venetian noble. 
It was described by Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer, who collated it about 1783 for Andreas Birch (Esc. 12). 
It is currently housed at the Escurial (Cod. Escurialensis, Y. II. 8).

</doc>
<doc id="21628189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628189" title="Drosera orbiculata">
Drosera orbiculata

Drosera orbiculata is a perennial tuberous species in the genus "Drosera" that is endemic to Western Australia. It grows in a rosette about 1.5 cm in diameter. It is native to an area 1.3 km north of Gillingarra near Perth. It grows in sandy clay soils in winter-wet depressions and washes. It is considered to be related to "D. rosulata". The species is named for the shape of the leaf lamina. It was first formally described by Allen Lowrie and N. G. Marchant in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21628200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628200" title="Boynton and Windsor">
Boynton and Windsor

The Boynton and The Windsor are a pair historic buildings at 718 and 720 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. They are nearly identical brick apartment buildings that were constructed c. 1887 to designs by Barker & Nourse, and are well preserved instances of late 19th century apartment house construction that once lined Main Street for many blocks. Of the two the Boynton (718 Main Street) is the better preserved, with an unaltered exterior.
The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628214" title="New Star incident">
New Star incident

The "New Star" incident was an event that occurred near the eastern port city of Vladivostok, when a Russian warship fired on a Chinese cargo vessel called the "New Star". The cargo ship was sunk on February 15, 2009, with Russia and China presenting different stories regarding the incident.
"New Star".
The "New Star" (新星 "Xīnxīng") was a 5000 ton ship leased by a company based in Hong Kong. At the time of the sinking it was flying a Sierra Leone flag. There were 16 crew members, 6 Indonesian and 10 Chinese citizens. The vessel was owned by Tongyu Shipping Zhejiang (浙江通宇船務有限公司) and leased to the Hong Kong based J-Rui Lucky shipping company (香港吉瑞祥（香港）有限公司 "Xiānggǎng jí ruìxiáng (Xiānggǎng) yǒuxiàn gōngsī").
Incident.
Russian media claims.
According to the RIA Novosti there were indications that the ship violated the Russian border, while other reports said that the ship had been held earlier for suspected smuggling by Russian authorities and had set sail without permission. Other sources have said the ship had earlier fled the Russian port of Nakhodka where it had been impounded for alleged smuggling.
The agency reported that the ship had earlier been chased by two Russian coast guard vessels, but refused to stop despite being fired upon.
Chinese J-Rui(吉瑞祥) claims.
According to a written statement by the Hong Kong based J-Rui Lucky Shipping company(吉瑞祥):
According to J-Rui the "New Star" delivered 4,978 tons of rice from Thailand to the Russian port of Nakhodka on January 29, 2009. But the Russian buyer refused to accept the rice because of quality concerns, suspended the unloading, and asked for damages of US$330,000. The "New Star" was detained at the port for several days, but on February 11 the unloading process restarted and was completed later the same day. The Russian agent did not cooperate in helping the "New Star" complete departure procedures. After a number of unsuccessful attempts to obtain customs clearance, the Tongyu Shipping Company instructed the captain to set sail on the evening of February 12.
On February 13 according to the J-Rui account, the Russian authorities sent coastal guard vessels to pursue the "New Star", on the grounds that it had not received permission to leave port. A survivor account describes how a Russian warship fired on the cargo ship for several hours using artillery and heavy machine guns, severely damaging its hull. The Russian patrol then ordered the "New Star" back to Nakhodka despite the damages. At 3:06 AM on February 15, 2009 the ship sank.
Result.
The warship fired 500 rounds at the cargo vessel, sinking it in Russian waters near the eastern port city of Vladivostok. The RIA Novosti said crew members attempted to escape in two life-rafts after their ship was sinking. Only half of them were rescued by a Russian vessel. According to Xinhua News Agency, 7 sailors were still missing and only 3 were rescued.
Official Chinese government responses.
On Feb 20, 2009 the official Xinhua news agency reported that China's foreign ministry's Zhang Xiyun, director-general for the Department of European-Central Asian Affairs, said "the attitude of the Russian foreign ministry is hard to understand and unacceptable."
Official Xinhua news agency also reported that China's Vice Foreign Minister Li Hui told Russia's ambassador "The Chinese side expresses shock and deep concern over this incident, We call on the Russian side to begin with a humanitarian spirit... and continue to make all efforts to find the missing personnel."
Official Russian government response.
Russian diplomat spokesman Andrei Nesterenko said "We took exhaustive measures to stop the boat: the border guards fired warning shots, but the "New Star" continued on its way without reacting to the orders." 
He expressed regret over the incident but said “We regret the tragic consequences of this incident, however we consider the captain of the "New Star", who behaved extremely irresponsibly, is fully to blame for the incident.”

</doc>
<doc id="21628218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628218" title="Alfred Flores">
Alfred Flores

Alfred San Nicolas Flores (June 20, 1916-February 6, 2009) was a Guamanian politician, lancheru and survivor of the Japanese occupation of Guam during World War II. He was one of the original founders of the Democratic Party of Guam. He served for six terms in the Guam Legislature.
Early life.
Flores, a "lancheru" as ranchers are known in Guam, began grazing approximately eight hundred head of cattle and carabao on several acres on his ranch in Inarajan early in his life. He also founded Flores Poultry Farm, which would later grow to include more than 75,000 chickens at a time. Flores also cultivated vegetables and fruit on his farm.
World War II.
Flores was just 25 years old at the time of the Japanese invasion of Guam in 1941 during World War II. He began to cultivate rice, all of which was used to feed the Japanese troops during the occupation. His livestock was also confiscated at times during the war in order to feed Japanese forces on the island.
During the war, Flores provided assistance to Father Jesus Baza Duenas, a Chamorro Roman Catholic priest and an outspoken critic of the Japanese. Duena would later be captured and executed by the Japanese military.
Flores' wife, Ester Duenas Flores, was seven months pregnant with the couple's first child when Guam was liberated by the Americans in 1944.
Politics.
Flores held many local political offices throughout his long career on Guam. He originally served as an Inarajan commissioner, as well as an Inarajan assemblyman. He also held posts on various boards and committees.
Flores served six terms as a senator beginning in the fourth Guam Legislature.
His often fiery, often passionate speeches earned him the nickname of "Davy Crockett" in Guamanian politics. Flores always ended his campaign speeches with the Chamorro language slogan, "Bai hu puno' i toro," which translates to "I will kill the bull" in English, an allusion to his early life as a lancheru.
Death.
Alfred Flores died in his sleep at his home in Malojloj, Guam, on February 6, 2009 at the age of 92. He was survived by his wife of 69 years, Ester Duenas Flores. The couple would have celebrated their 70th wedding anniversary on February 18, 2009.
Flores was also survived by his three children - Lucille, May and Fred - ten grandchildren, and thirteen great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21628227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628227" title="Ken Richardson (athlete)">
Ken Richardson (athlete)

Kenneth "Ken" John Richardson (19 April 1918 – 1998) was an English athlete who competed in the 1938 British Empire Games.
At the 1938 Empire Games he was also a member of the English relay team which won the silver medal in the 4×110 yards event. In the 100 yards competition as well as in the 220 yards contest he was eliminated in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="21628231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628231" title="Probabilistic voting model">
Probabilistic voting model

The probabilistic voting theory, also known as the probabilistic voting model, is a voting theory developed by professor Melvin Hinich, which has gradually replaced the median voter theory, thanks to its ability to find an equilibrium in a multi-dimensional space.
The probabilistic voting model assumes that voters are imperfectly informed about candidates and their platforms. Candidates are also imperfectly informed about the utility preferences of the electorate and the distribution of voters' preferences. 
Unlike the median voter theorem, what drives the equilibrium policy is both the numerosity and the density of social groups and not the median position of voters on a preference scale. This difference explains why social groups which have a great homogeneity of preferences are more politically powerful than those whose preferences are dispersed.
Applications.
Political economy and public economics are the main fields where the probabilistic voting theory is applied. In particular, it was used to explain public expenditure programmes (Persson & Tabellini, 2000), social security systems (Profeta, 2002) and taxation (Hettich & Winer, 1999 and Canegrati, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="21628244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628244" title="Wen-Pei Fang">
Wen-Pei Fang

Fang Wen-Pei (方文培) (1899-1983), was a Chinese botanist, an expert on rhododendrons and on the Maple Family. He worked in the Institute of Botany, at the Chinese Academy of Sciences after graduating from Southeast University in Nanjing, China. Fang furthered his study at the University of Edinburgh in 1934 and received his PhD in 1937. In the same year, he returned to China and became a biology professor at Sichuan University till his death.
In his lifelong research, he identified more than 100 new species of plants in which he named more than 40, publishing 8 monographs and over 50 papers. He was honored as "one of the most distinguished Chinese botanists".

</doc>
<doc id="21628252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628252" title="Alexander Archibald">
Alexander Archibald

Alexander Archibald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21628256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628256" title="Brightside Apartments">
Brightside Apartments

The Brightside Apartments is a historic apartment house at 2 King Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. It is one of the more expensive of a series of apartment houses built in the Main South area of Worcester in the 1880s, and the most ornate to survive. The four story brick and sandstone apartment house was built in 1888 at a cost of $40,000, and was probably built to a specific plan, unlike other buildings which were built from standard plans. It features symmetrical round bays flanking a center entrance, which is recessed behind a pair of fluted sandstone columns that are topped by a balcony that still sports original wrought iron railings. Between the upper floors are decorative sandstone panels, and there is a course of rockfaced sandstone between the fourth floor windows and the roof, where the projecting window bays are topped by (again, original) railings.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, even though it had recently experienced some damage due to a minor fire.

</doc>
<doc id="21628261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628261" title="George McDonald (American football)">
George McDonald (American football)

George McDonald (born May 10, 1976 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is the offensive coordinator for the Syracuse University football team. Previously, he served as the wide receivers coach for the Cleveland Browns as well as the Arkansas Razorbacks. He also attended Buena Park High School where he had a fantastic four-year career.
College career.
McDonald attended the University of Illinois, where he was a four-year letterman in football as a wide receiver and kickoff returner. He also ran track, earning All-Big Ten honors his senior year.
Coaching career.
McDonald began his coaching career as an assistant coach at Bucknell University, Northern Illinois University, and Stanford University from 2001-2004. He served as the offensive coordinator at Western Michigan University from 2005–2006, and as wide receivers coach at the University of Minnesota from 2007-2008.
On February 11, 2009, the Cleveland Browns hired McDonald as offensive quality control coach.
On May 8, 2009, the Cleveland Browns promoted McDonald from offensive quality control coach to wide receivers coach.
McDonald was hired by the University of Miami as their wide receivers coach on January 11, 2011.
December 19, 2012, McDonald was named the receivers coach at Arkansas.
On January 15th, 2013, it was announced that McDonald had resigned from his position at Arkansas and accepted the Offensive Coordinator position at Syracuse

</doc>
<doc id="21628262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628262" title="Lee Robinson (American football)">
Lee Robinson (American football)

Lee Robinson (born April 23, 1987 in Gloster, Mississippi) is a American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the Miami Dolphins. He was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Alcorn State.
Robinson has also been a member of the Arizona Cardinals and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
College career.
A two-star prospect out of Amite County High School, Robinson chose Alcorn State over Louisiana-Monroe.
Professional career.
Denver Broncos.
Robinson went undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft but was later signed by the Denver Broncos on April 26, 2009. He was waived on September 4, 2009.
Arizona Cardinals.
Robinson was signed to the Arizona Cardinals practice squad on September 6, 2009. He was released on October 21.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Robinson was signed to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers practice squad on October 27. After his contract expired following the season, the Buccaneers re-signed Robinson on January 5, 2010.
He was waived on September 4, 2010 during final cuts but was re-signed to the practice squad the following day. Robinson was released from the practice squad on September 17.
Return to Denver Broncos.
Robinson was signed back by the Denver Broncos to the practice squad. He was promoted to the roster on December 7, but was placed on injured reserves on December 29.
Edmonton Eskimos.
In 2011, Robinson signed with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. In the two season he played for the Eskimos, he recorded a total of just 6 tackles and 2 sacks.
Miami Dolphins.
On February 14, 2013, Robinson was signed by the Miami Dolphins. Miami released him on September 1, prior to the start of the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="21628275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628275" title="Sandy Duncan (athlete)">
Sandy Duncan (athlete)

Kenneth Sandilands "Sandy" Duncan OBE (26 April 1912 – 18 June 2005) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games and in the 1938 British Empire Games. He later became one of the most distinguished and sympathetic sports officials of his generation, as the long-serving general secretary of the British Olympic Association. For many years he was synonymous with the Olympic movement in Britain.
Duncan was educated at Malvern College, where his ability at the long jump was quickly evident — he won the London Athletic Club’s schools championships with a record leap of 22 ft 5in. His prowess earned him a Blue in his first year at Oxford University, and he also won the 100 yards against Cambridge, as well as getting a football Blue. In the AAA championships he came in the top six in the long jump every year from 1932 to 1937, finishing second in 1934. He represented Britain in 1935 and, in July 1936, ran his fastest time of 9.8 seconds for the 100 yards, although a hamstring injury prevented him from being selected for the Olympics. In 1938, he was sixth in both the shot and discus.
At the 1934 Empire Games he finished fourth in the long jump event. At the 1938 Empire Games, he was a member of the English relay team which won the silver medal in the 4×110 yards competition. In the long jump contest he finished tenth and in the 100 yards event he was eliminated in the heats. In indoor games, he won the British 70 metres dash in 1938.
During the war he served in the Royal Artillery and rose to the rank of Major. After the war Duncan taught at Bradfield and, having qualified as an AAA coach. His administrative career began in 1947 when he was made secretary of the Universities’ Athletic Union. This gave him the initial experience for his appointment, two years later, as general secretary at the British Olympic Association (BOA), the organisation responsible for the United Kingdom's participation in the Olympic Games. He held this post for 26 years, from 1949 to 1975 and served as "chef de mission" at 12 Olympics, summer and winter, from the 1952 Oslo and Helsinki games to Montreal in 1976. He was also honorary secretary of the Commonwealth Games Federation, supervising celebrations from Vancouver 1954 to Brisbane in 1982.
He also served as secretary of the Achilles Club, for Oxford and Cambridge Blues, for 39 years.
Although appointed OBE, he was probably better recognised outside Britain than in his own country. In 1952, he was given the White Rose and Lion from Finland and the rare Olympic Award from the IOC in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21628291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628291" title="Lawrence Wallace">
Lawrence Wallace

Lawrence Mervyn Wallace (9 March 1917 – 1978) was an English amateur athlete who competed as a sprinter in the 1938 British Empire Games and played football for Southampton.
Early life.
Wallace was born in Sandown on the Isle of Wight and studied at Southampton's University College.
Athletic career.
At the 1938 Empire Games, he was a member of the English relay team which won the silver medal in the 4×110 yards event. In the 100 yards competition as well as in the 220 yards contest he was eliminated in the heats.
Football career.
Wallace was selected to represent the Universities Athletic Union against an Amateur XI in a football match played at The Dell in February 1939. Wallace's abilities on the left-wing brought him to the attention of the Saints' management, who immediately signed him as an amateur.
He made his first-team debut at Maine Road against Manchester City on 18 March 1939, in place of Harry Osman, who had been sold to Millwall. Reports suggest that Wallace found his debut "somewhat overwhelming" and he "struggled to find any rhythm". Wallace returned to the reserves whilst continuing his education and made a few appearances for the reserves during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="21628301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628301" title="John Brooks House">
John Brooks House

The John Brooks House is a historic house at 12 Nelson Place in Worcester, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the late 1840s by John Brooks, a Princeton native and farmer. The south facade distinctively has three large gables which rise to nearly meet the main ridge line. On the west side is a rectangular ell set at right angles to the main block.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, at which time it was still the hands of Brooks' descendants, and was one of the only farms still operating in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21628315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628315" title="Psychedelia (light synthesizer)">
Psychedelia (light synthesizer)

Psychedelia is an early light synthesizer developed by Jeff Minter and published by Llamasoft in 1984. It was converted to the MSX and ZX Spectrum by Simon Freeman.
Usage.
"Psychedelia" allowed a user to generate a light show on the screen grid, using the joystick to send pulses or bursts of coloured squares. There are various preset settings, or the user can manually set the variables controlling the pulses. Patterns can be recorded to memory or tape for later playback.
Unlike Minter's later synthesizers such as "Neon", "Psychedelia" does not use audio as a factor, only using a joystick's input. It is, however, intended to be played in accompaniment to music.
History.
Minter had been considering "dynamic interactive pattern generators" but hadn't coded any previously. An idea for an algorithm came to him, in which patterns would be seeded along a path, which would then expand and change shape and colour over time. He coded it in 6502 assembler language, fitting into about 1 kilobyte. Running the code for the first time had a profound effect on Minter: "It just felt wonderfully new, and somehow primal... it was like the patterns and mandalas that have fascinated humans for millennia, but come to life, under your control..." 
Originally, Minter intended the algorithm to be public domain and contributed an early version in listing form to a computer magazine. After encouragement from his parents, Minter eventually released an expanded version commercially as "Pyschedelia". He continued to develop the light synthesizer concept, designing "Colourspace" (1985), "Trip-a-Tron" (1987), "Virtual Light Machine" (1990, 1994, 2000 and an unreleased version in 2003) and "Neon" (2004).
"Psychedelia", along with other older Llamasoft programs, has since become public domain.
Critical reception.
On its release "Psychedelia" received mixed reviews. "Your Spectrum" criticized the concept of a light synthesizer, describing "Psychedelia" as boring and awarding an average of 2/5. "Sinclair User" also only awarded 2 out of 5, finding the concept interesting but concluding that the games-buying public was the wrong demographic for this kind of software. In contrast, "CRASH" found the package great fun to play around with, describing the effects as fantastic, but criticizing the retail price and narrow appeal. The magazine featured "Psychadelia" on their October 1991 covertape.

</doc>
<doc id="21628317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628317" title="Cambridge Street School">
Cambridge Street School

The Cambridge Street School is a historic school building at 510 Cambridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. It is notable in that part of its structure includes the only surviving unaltered Second Empire school building in the city. There were three phases of construction, beginning in 1869 with the front section, a three story mansard-roofed brick building designed by local architect Elbridge Boyden. In 1890 the school was expanded by the construction of a second brick building, a 2.5 story Romanesque Revival building, at the back of the property. In 1916 the first building was altered by the addition of a full three story Gothic Revival addition to its back. The building served Worcester's public school students until 1976; the city sold the building in 1978.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628332" title="Henry Pack">
Henry Pack

Henry Edward Pack (born 30 October 1912) is an English athlete who competed in the 1938 British Empire Games.
At the 1938 Empire Games he was a member of the English relay team which won the silver medal in the 4×440 yards event. In the 440 yards competition he was eliminated in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="21628354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628354" title="Tetrastes">
Tetrastes

Tetrastes is a genus of birds in the grouse subfamily. It contains the following species:
Both species live in forests with at least some conifers in cool regions of the Northern Hemisphere. 

</doc>
<doc id="21628363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628363" title="Men at War (series)">
Men at War (series)

Men at War is a series of World War II novels created by W. E. B. Griffin in 1984. More recently, the series newest novels were co-authored by his son, William E. Butterworth (under the name William E. Butterworth IV). Originally, the series was written under the pseudonym of Alex Baldwin. Some editions of the books listing Baldwin as the author contain cover blurb quotations, attributed to Griffin, praising the books (i.e., he is praising his pseudonymous work under another of his pseudonyms.)
The series revolves around the creation of the Office of Strategic Services - a precursor to the CIA - by William "Wild Bill" Donovan at the behest of President Franklin Roosevelt.

</doc>
<doc id="21628367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628367" title="Castle Street Row">
Castle Street Row

Castle Street Row is a historic rowhouse block at 4-18 Castle Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built c. 1873 by Worcester industrialist and developer Eli Thayer, the row of 8 units is the largest collection of rowhouse units remaining in the city from a somewhat larger number built around that time. The three story brick buildings are Second Empire in style, with mansard roofs. Although they were designed as single family homes, most of them had been subdivided by the late 1880s.
The rowhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628376" title="Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Belgium competed at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, represented by Morgane with "Nous, on veut des violons".
Selection.
The Walloon broadcaster, RTBF, was in charge of the Belgiam Eurovision entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. The selection was hosted by Thierry Luthers and the winner was chosen by five regional juries (Brabant, Hainaut, Liège, Luxembourg, Namur), plus a jury consisting of music professionals.
At Eurovision.
Morgane performed 2nd in the running order of the contest, following Spain and preceding Israel. "Nous, on veut violons" received 11 points: 1 from Luxembourg; 3 from Spain and France; and 4 from Turkey, placing 20th of 23 countries competing.

</doc>
<doc id="21628392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628392" title="Eric Carlson Three-Decker">
Eric Carlson Three-Decker

The Eric Carlson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 154 Eastern Avenue in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built c. 1894, it is a well-preserved instance of the form with Queen Anne styling. It has retained its three-story spindled-baluster porch, and an extended cornice with brackets, as well as fish-scale shingling on skirt sections between floors.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21628420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628420" title="Be My Echo">
Be My Echo

Be My Echo is a studio album by Kid Icarus released in 2002 by Summersteps Records. The liner notes and packaging were designed and laid out by the keyboard player/guitarist Ted Baird. The names of the last three tracks are not listed on the album.
Reception.
Music critic Matt Fink of Allmusic criticized the album's length, saying it "would endlessly benefit by cutting its 22 tracks in half, its sprawl is a bit hard to digest despite the presence of generally pleasant songwriting and a few winning tracks." 
Fink added that while the album's songs experiment in different musical styles, Kid Icarus "never really reveals a sound that seems to suit him." 
"Diamond City Weekly" writer Gene Padden said that "to find out it was recorded in a bedroom via 4-track was shocking, and damn impressive." 
Track listing.
"All songs written by Eric Schlittler, except as listed"

</doc>
<doc id="21628426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628426" title="Chadwick-Brittan House">
Chadwick-Brittan House

The Chadwick-Brittan House is a historic house at 309 Lincoln Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. It is estimated to have been built c. 1797, and is one of the few surviving Federal-style houses in the city. It has a five bay center entrance facade, typical of the period, although the entry has been given Greek Revival treatment. The dormers in the roof are a c. 1900 Colonial Revival addition. The house may have been moved slightly to make way for nearby Shaffner Street.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628449" title="Charles Chamberlain House">
Charles Chamberlain House

Charles Chamberlain House was a historic house at 373 Pleasant Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was demolished in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21628466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628466" title="Chamberlain-Flagg House">
Chamberlain-Flagg House

The Chamberlain-Flagg House is a historic house at 2 Brookshire Drive in Worcester, Massachusetts. The timber frame house is believed to be one of the oldest buildings in the city, although its construction date is unclear. It is thought to have been built sometime after 1742, on land that belonged to the family of Jacob Chamberlain, an early settler. By 1800 the house belonged to Elisha Flagg, whose wife was from the Chamberlain family. Stylistically the house resembles those of the earliest area settlers.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628469" title="Regimental Square">
Regimental Square

Regimental Square is a war memorial in the Wynyard area in the city centre of Sydney, Australia. The memorial is in the form of a small, pedestrianised square, occupying the whole width of a section of Wynyard Street that adjoins George Street, a major thoroughfare. The memorial was erected to commemorate the campaigns of the Royal Australian Regiment in Korea, Malaya and Vietnam. A series of bronze sculptures of soldiers in action, are attached to a wall of Sydney sandstone, 8 metres long x 1.5 metres high. Dennis Adams OAM was commissioned, to create the memorial, by the Royal Australian Regiment Association, the funds acquired through subscriptions from members and friends, supplemented by a gift of $3,000 from the Government of South Korea. On 8 December 1976 the memorial was unveiled by the then Governor of New South Wales, Sir Roden Cutler.

</doc>
<doc id="21628493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628493" title="Hollidaysburg Area School District">
Hollidaysburg Area School District

The Hollidaysburg Area School District is a midsized, suburban public school district based in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania. This school serves the boroughs of Duncansville, Hollidaysburg, and Newry, and the townships of Allegheny, Blair, Frankstown, and Juniata. The district encompasses approximately . According to 2010 local census data, it serves a resident population of 27,555. In 2009, the district residents’ per capita income was $19,907, while the median family income was $44,181. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010.
According to District officials, in school year 2009-10, the Hollidaysburg Area School District provided basic educational services to 3,522 pupils. Hollidaysburg Area School District employed: 281 teachers, 183 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 23 administrators. Hollidaysburg Area School District received more than $16.9 million in state funding in school year 2009-10.
Schools.
The Hollidaysburg Area School District operates: 2 secondary and 3 elementary schools. The district also controls other various buildings.
Governance.
The school district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serves without compensation for a term of four years.), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills. The Superintendent and Business Manager are appointed by the school board. The Superintendent is the chief administrative officer with overall responsibility for all aspects of operations, including education and finance. The Business Manager is responsible for budget and financial operations. Neither of these officials are voting members of the School Board.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "D-" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Hollidaysburg Area School District was ranked 104th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times in 2012. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated on the last three years of the PSSAs for: reading, writing math and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2012, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Hollidaysburg Area School District ranked 170th. In 2011, the district was 98th. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
In 2011, Hollidaysburg Area School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Hollidaysburg Area School District achieved AYP status each year from 2004 to 2009, while in 2003 the District was in Warning status due to lagging student achievement.
Graduation rate.
In 2011, the graduation rate at Hollidaysburg Area School District was 96%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Hollidaysburg Area Senior High School's rate was 96.92% for 2010.
Senior high school.
Hollidaysburg Area High School is located at 1510 North Montgomery Street, Hollidaysburg. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 901 pupils in grades 10th through 12th, with 225 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch. The school employed 65.85 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2011, Hollidaysburg Area Senior High School declined to Warning status due to lagging student achievement. In 2010, the High School achieved AYP status under No CHild Left Behind.
11th Grade Reading
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 11% of the Hollidaysburg Area Senior High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
SAT scores.
From January to June 2011, 221 Hollidaysburg Area students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 510. The Math average score was 518. The Writing average score was 491. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
"U.S. News & World Report" Award.
In 2012, Holidaysburg Area Senior High School was recognized by "U.S. News & World Report" as a Silver-level high school in a nationwide school ranking. The study was conducted by American Institutes for Research, which examined how many students attained performance levels that exceed statistical expectations given the school's relative level of student poverty, as measured by state accountability test scores for all the school's students in the core subjects of reading and math. The study also examined the success rate for the school's least advantaged student groups (e.g., black, Hispanic, and economically disadvantaged students) that exceed state averages. The study included 752 high schools in Pennsylvania, including traditional public schools, public charter schools and public magnet schools. In Pennsylvania, 136 public high schools achieved a Bronze rating in 2012; 49 achieved a silver rating and 7 received a gold rating. The highest ranking went to Julia R. Masterman Laboratory and Demonstration School in the School District of Philadelphia in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.
Graduation requirements.
The School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 27 units to graduate, including: Mathematics 4 units, Communications - 4 units, social science 4 units, science - 4 units Computer Science - 1 unit, Physical Education 2 units, Health 2 units, Humanities 1 unit and electives 5 units. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, for the graduating class of 2017, students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, English Composition, and Literature for which the Keystone Exams serve as the final course exams. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
Junior high school.
Hollidaysburg Area Junior High School is located at 1000 Hewit Street, Hollidaysburg. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 839 pupils in grades 7th through 9th, with 235 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 65 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2010 and 2011, Hollidaysburg Area Junior High School achieved AYP status.
8th Grade Reading:
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
7th Grade Reading
7th Grade Math:
Elementary schools.
Charles W. Longer Elementary School is located at 1320 Union St., Hollidaysburg. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 354 pupils in grades kindergarten through 6th, with 165 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 26 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, most of Longer teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind, with the exception of 1 teacher who has an emergency certification. In both 2010 and 2011, Charles W. Longer Elementary School achieved AYP status. In 2011, 84% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd through 6th. In math, 91% of the students in 3rd through 6th grades were on grade level and 63% scored advanced. In 4th grade science, 98% of the pupils were on grade level.
Foot of Ten Elementary School is located at 450 Foot of Ten Rd., Duncansville. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 529 pupils in grades kindergarten through 6th, with 144 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 37 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2010 and 2011, Foot of Ten Elementary School achieved AYP status. In 2011, 81% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd through 6th. In mathematics, 88% of the students in 3rd through 6th grades were on grade level and 58% scored advanced. In 4th grade science, 89% of the pupils were on grade level.
Frankstown Elementary School is located at Rural Rte. 3, Box 592, Hollidaysburg. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 678 pupils in grades kindergarten through 6th, with 192 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 46 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 15:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2011, Frankstown Elementary School achieved AYP status. In 2010, the school was in Warning status due to lagging student achievement. In 2011, only 85% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd through 6th. In math, 89% of the students in 3rd through 6th grades were on grade level and 62% scored advanced. In 4th grade science, 92% of the pupils were on grade level with 58% advanced.
Closed.
Allegheny Number 1 Elementary School was located at 1160 Municipal Drive, Duncansville. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 210 pupils in grades kindergarten through 6th, with 100 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 19 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 11:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2010 and 2011, Allegheny Number 1 Elementary School achieved AYP status. In 2011, 83% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd through 6th. In math, 90% of the students in 3rd through 6th grades were on grade level and 66% scored advanced. In 4th grade science, 90% of the pupils were on grade level, with 60% advanced. The School was closed at the end of the 2012 school year due to dilapidated building and low enrollment. The district administration claimed it will save $690,000 in building and staff costs. Repairs were estimated to cost between $3 to $5 million. In September 2012, the US Doe announced the school achieved Blue Ribbon School recognition. The school was nominated by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
Special education.
In December 2010, the district administration reported that 421 pupils or 12% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. In December 2009, the district administration reported that 428 pupils or 12% of the district's pupils received Special Education services.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each district to have a three-year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Overidentification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education.
The Hollidaysburg Area School District received a $2,069,166 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011-12 and 2012-13 school year, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 147 or 3.98% of its students were gifted in 2009. The highest percentage of gifted students reported among all 500 school districts and 100 public charter schools in Pennsylvania was North Allegheny School District with 15.5% of its students identified as gifted. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Budget.
In 2011, the average teacher salary in Hollidaysburg Area School District was $50,989.47 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers receive was $16,945.31 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $67,934.77. According to a study conducted at the American Enterprise Institute, in 2011, public school teachers’ total compensation is roughly 50 percent higher than they would likely receive in the private sector. The study found that the most generous benefits that teachers receive are not accounted for in many studies of compensation, including: pension, retiree health benefits and job security.
In 2009, Hollidaysburg Area School District reported employing 294 teachers and administrators with a median salary of $52,543 and a top salary of $125,616. The teacher’s work day is 7.5 hours with 180 student days in the contract year. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, and a plethora of other benefits. Hollidaysburg Area School District teachers received a 3.9 percent salary increase in 2009. The teachers union contract expires Aug. 31, 2012.
Hollidaysburg Area School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $786.69 per pupil. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The Pennsylvania School Boards Association collects and maintains statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania. According to the association's report, the average salary for a superintendent, for the 2007-08 school year, was $122,165. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union. In 2011, the District's administrators accepted an on year salary freeze. The District employed 23 administrators and management employees for a savings of $75,000.
In 2008 the district administration reported that per pupil spending was $11,138 which ranked 386th among Pennsylvania's 501 school districts. In 2010 the per pupil spending had increased to $12,288.56 ranking 344th. Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759. The U.S. Census Bureau reports that Pennsylvania spent $8,191 per pupil in school year year 2000-01.
Reserves In 2008, the district reported a balance of $55,583 in an unreserved-designated fund. The unreserved-undesignated fund balance was reported as $4,313,240.
In January 2012, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the Hollidaysburg Area School District. The findings were reported to the School Board and the District’s administration. A prior audit of professional employees’ certification for the period May 1, 2005 through June 11, 2008, found that one individual employed as a long-term substitute teacher did not hold the appropriate emergency certificate, and one individual was providing instruction on an expired Instructional I certificate. The District was accordingly subject to subsidy forfeitures for the 2007-08 and 2005-06 school years.
The District is funded by a combination of: a local income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Interest earnings on accounts also provide nontax income to the district. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the level of the individual’s personal wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012-13 school year, the district will receive $11,401,110. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 includes $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which is an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. The state also provides $100 million for the Accountability Block grant. The state will also provide $544.4 million for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS.  This amount is a $21,823,000 increase (0.34%) over the 2011-2012 appropriations for Basic Education Funding, School Employees' Social Security, Pupil Transportation, Nonpublic and Charter School Pupil Transportation. Since taking office, Corbett’s first two budgets have restored more than $918 million in support of public schools, compensating for the $1 billion in federal stimulus dollars lost at the end of the 2010-11 school year.
In 2011-12, the district received a $11,239,519 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the School District received $161,591 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget included $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount was a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12.
In the 2010-2011 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 4.26% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $12,085,845. Among the districts in Blair County, the highest increase went to Hollidaysburg Area School District. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where each district received at least the same amount as it received the prior school year, even where enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. This was the second year of Governor Rendell’s policy to fund some districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009-2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided Hollidaysburg Area School District a 3.14% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $11,591,944. Among the districts in Blair County, the highest increase went to Spring Cove School District which got a 4.68%. The state Basic Education Funding to the Hollidaysburg Area School District in 2008-09 was $11,239,519.25. Ninety school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and the Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Pennsylvania spent $7,824 Per Pupil in the year 2000. This amount increased up to $12,085 by the year 2008. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 893 district students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010-11, the district applied for and received $438,598 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district uses the funding to provide full-day kindergarten and reduced class size K-3rd grade.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006 to 2009. The School District was denied funding by the PDE in 2006-07 and in 2007-08. The district received $162,699 in 2008-09. In Blair County the highest award was given to Altoona Area School District getting $597,806. The highest funding state wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. In 2010, Classrooms for the Future funding was curtailed statewide due to a massive state financial crisis.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The district received an extra $3,880,055 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was limited to the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly advised to use the funds for one-time expenditures like acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top grant.
District officials applied for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided over nearly million dollars in additional federal funding to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Other grants.
Hollidaysburg Area School District did not participate in the PreK Counts grants, the Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant of 2012 nor the Science It Elementary grants of 2007-2010.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2012-13 were set by the school board at 97.5000 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. When the school district includes municipalities in two counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, a state board equalizes the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the State Tax Equalization Board (STEB) were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts, including those that did not cross county borders.
According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09. The average yearly property tax paid by Blair County residents amounts to about 1.99% of their yearly income. Blair County is ranked 1441st of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income.
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not permitted to raise property taxes above that Index unless they either: allow voters to vote by referendum or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six of the ten exceptions to the Act 1 Index. Several exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Hollidaysburg Area School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Hollidaysburg Area School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011-12 school year, the Hollidaysburg Area School Board did not apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year, the Hollidaysburg Area School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers an extensive variety of clubs, activities and a plethora of costly sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:

</doc>
<doc id="21628494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628494" title="George Cobb House">
George Cobb House

The George Cobb House is a historic house at 24 William Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1875, and first occupied by George Cobb, a fish and oyster merchant. It is in a late Victorian Gothic Revival style, with a three bay facade that has a central pavilion with a Stick-decorated gable and elongated Gothic windows, and flanking dormers in the hip roof.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628506" title="Roberta Leigh">
Roberta Leigh

Roberta Leigh is an assumed name for Janey Scott Lewin (born 1927 in London, England), a British author, artist and television producer. She wrote romance fiction and children's stories as Roberta Leigh, Rachel Lindsay, Janey Scott, Roumelia Lane and Rozella Lake.
She published her first novel in 1950 and is still actively creating new titles. She created the puppet television series "Sara and Hoppity", "Torchy the Battery Boy", "Wonder Boy and Tiger" and "Send for Dithers". She created, wrote and produced a children's fiction series about space; titled "Space Patrol", (US title: "Planet Patrol ") which was broadcast around the world.
Biography.
Best known as Roberta Leigh, she was born in London, England in 1927. She married Michael Lewin in 1948, was widowed in 1997, and has one son, Jeremy.
As Roberta Leigh, she published her first romance novel in 1950. She has also published children's books and romances under the pseudonyms Janey Scott, Rachel Lindsay and Rozella Lake. Following the death of her husband, she stopped writing romance novels, but is still actively working on serious fiction, children's books and developing television and film projects.
She created the puppet TV series "Torchy the Battery Boy" (1958), "Sara and Hoppity" (1962), "Wonder Boy and Tiger", "Send for Dithers", and "Space Patrol" (1962), which chronicled the adventures of Captain Larry Dart aboard his spaceship "Galasphere 347". This was followed by "Paul Starr" (1964) and a live-action colour space adventure series, "The Solarnauts" (1967). For these two later series, however, only the pilot episodes were filmed.
"Paul Starr".
Though made in 1964, "Paul Starr" appeared to be a decade ahead of "Space Patrol". A 25-minute marionette puppet series in the same vein as "Space Patrol", it was produced in colour. Agent Paul Starr and his crewman, Lightning, work for Space Bureau Investigation (SBI). They have a squat rocket, "SBI-5", which can travel through space, in air and underwater ("SBI" uses an undersea base). While jets propel the craft through the air, in space it is powered by "solar energy". It is armed with various weapons, including nuclear missiles. The robots of "Paul Starr" appear more developed and fans of "Space Patrol" will notice the similar sound effects used. The movements of the puppet characters are "less wooden" and there is no sign of strings.
The puppets were made by Martin and Heather Granger who, with Joan Garrick, also operated them. Realistic mouth movements were used long before the arrival of Gerry Anderson's "Terrahawks" in the 1980s. Actor Edward Bishop provided the voice of Paul Starr; other voices were provided by Patricia English, Dick Vosburgh and Peter Reeves. Besides creating and scripting the series, Leigh also wrote the title song and lyrics (sung by Jerry Dane). Arthur Provis served as director of photography and co-producer.
In this adventure, Starr's boss sends him to Mars where five atomic power stations (used to pump water) have been destroyed by fire. Starr and Lightning work as security guards to try to uncover the cause. The chief suspect is General Darynx. The Martians are shown as non-human fish people.
"The Solarnauts".
This was a colour live-action space adventure TV series, produced in 1967. Like "Paul Starr", its filmed material survives.
Bibliography.
This section lists books credited to Roberta Leigh, Rachel Lindsay, Janey Scott and Rozella Lake. Some novels were published as Roberta Leigh and Rachel Lindsay.

</doc>
<doc id="21628516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628516" title="Frank McClintock">
Frank McClintock

Frank McClintock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21628520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628520" title="Colton's Block">
Colton's Block

Colton's Block is a historic series of commercial buildings at 586-596 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built in the 1860s, it consists of three separate yet similarly-styled buildings separated by firewalls. It is the only surviving example of a commercial building style that was common in Worcester at the time. The buildings exhibit minimal Italianate styling. The buildings were likely built by Samuel Colton, who published the Worcester Spy before branching out into other businesses, including real estate development.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21628599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628599" title="Ubon Ratchathani University">
Ubon Ratchathani University

Ubon Ratchathani University (UBU) (Thai, มหาวิทยาลัยอุบลราชธานี) was established as a campus of Khon Kaen University, Thailand, in 1987. It gained independent university status in 1990.
History.
The university occupies a campus in the Warin Chamrap district of Ubon Ratchathani Province, approximately 15 kilometers south of Ubon Ratchathani city. It has around 13,000 students in 10 faculties and 1 College.
The university's former English name, Ubon Rajathanee University, was mandated by its former president Prakob Wirojanagud who disliked the officially approved Royal Institute romanisation system that is used by the government to render the name of the province and city as Ubon Ratchathani. Staff and students protested against this alternative spelling as confusing for foreigners at whom romanization is aimed. The university returned to using the romanization in early 2010.
The university has students from all over Thailand, but most of its students are from the Isan region and from the southeast of Isan in particular.
International Collaboration.
MOU with 

</doc>
<doc id="21628600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628600" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Livingston County, Illinois">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Livingston County, Illinois

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Livingston County, Illinois.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Livingston County, Illinois, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21628678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628678" title="Alexandre Bilodeau">
Alexandre Bilodeau

Alexandre Bilodeau (; born September 8, 1987) is a Canadian freestyle skier from Montreal, Quebec. Bilodeau currently resides in Rosemère, Quebec. Bilodeau won a gold medal in the men's moguls at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, becoming the first Canadian to win a gold medal at an Olympic Games held in Canada. At the 2014 Winter Olympics, he became the first Olympian in history to defend his gold medal in any freestyle skiing event as well as the first Canadian to defend an individual title since Catriona Lemay Doan at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Bilodeau is a three-time FIS World Champion in dual moguls, and is also a two-time Worlds silver medalist in moguls. He was the FIS World Cup champion for the 2008–09 season winning the moguls and overall freestyle skiing title that season. In his final World Cup race, he retired with a win, and in doing so, surpassed Jean-Luc Brassard for the most World Cup medals by a Canadian.
Career.
In 2006, Bilodeau finished 12th at the Olympics and later in the world cup season he became the youngest athlete in history to win a World Cup moguls event. In the 2005–06 overall World Cup standings he managed to finish second and won the FIS rookie of the year title. In February 2009, he won four straight World Cup events and was part of two Canadian sweeps of the men's podium in moguls. He achieved this together with Vincent Marquis and Pierre-Alexandre Rousseau. Following these victories Bilodeau clinched the 2009 overall moguls title on February 20. At the 2009 Freestyle World Championships he finished eighth in the moguls event and followed that by winning gold in the dual moguls.
2010 Winter Olympics.
Bilodeau was a member of the Canadian moguls team going to the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. He started the competition on Sunday, February 14 in favourable conditions. This was in contrast to the previous day for the women in which they skied in rain, sleet, and generally slushy conditions. Bilodeau finished the qualification run in 2nd place overall. In the final run, Alexandre Bilodeau threw a back double full on the first jump and followed it with a back iron cross on the second. His jump and style scores combined with the second fastest run of the night, saw him scoring 26.75 points to win the gold. With the gold he became the first Canadian to win a Gold Medal during a Canadian-hosted Olympics.
The gold medal victory elicited celebrations across Vancouver and Canada. Canadians celebrated around the Vancouver Olympic cauldron and crowds spilled onto Robson Street in downtown Vancouver waving the flag and singing the Canadian national anthem. 22,000 people entered BC Place Stadium the next day to witness his medal presentation. Following his Olympic medal Alexandre Bilodeau together with Jennifer Heil made a $25,000 donation to charity. Bilodeau chose to give his to Canadian Association of Pediatric Health Centres for cerebral palsy. Bilodeau and Heil encouraged others to give to charity saying that they have the ability to give back and if others were to help in their own way it would make a difference.
Bilodeau's victory over Dale Begg-Smith at the Olympics lead to some complaints about biased-judging from members of the Australian coaching staff. The Australian coaches were also critical of the judging in the women's aerials event. They called into question the system for training judges, and suggested that judges for big events should be ex-athletes from the sport being competed.
Kingsbury rivalry.
Bilodeau did not win a World Cup event during the 2009–2010 season and finished fourth in the World Cup standings with 347 points, behind winner Dale Begg-Smith, who accumulated 693 points. The following season, Bilodeau finished on the podium several times leading up to the World Championships. At the Worlds, Bilodeau won the silver medal in the moguls event, finishing ahead of countryman Mikaël Kingsbury. Bilodeau would next compete in the dual moguls event at the World Championships. He advanced through to final where he found himself competing head-to-head with Kingsbury. Bilodeau went on to win the gold and defend his world title in the dual moguls event after Kingsbury fell navigating the moguls.
He confirmed at the TV show "Droit au but" that the 2014 Olympics would be his last. He had taken time away from the sport to focus on his studies for an accounting career at Concordia University. Bilodeau had a lot to say about the potential retirement commenting “Right now, I’m struggling a little bit with the results, but my skiing is there — I’m a better skier than I’ve ever been. I’m not in a rush. I know it’s a process to get to Sochi, and that’s my goal. It’s going to be one of the last races of my career and of my life, so I think what’s important is to have fun. I thought before 2010 I was retiring, I was doing the 2011 season and then retiring the year after. And then through 2011, I was like, ‘Will I regret it? Will I regret it to not try to defend my medal? I think it’s a great challenge".
At the 2013 World Championships Bilodeau placed second behind the upcoming Kingsbury who won his first World Championship. Bilodeau then went on to compete in the dual moguls final. There he would go up against a familiar foe in teammate Kingsbury, he would defeat him there in the final and achieving his third consecutive title as World Champion in dual moguls.
2014 Winter Olympics.
Much of the World Cup season building to the Olympics saw Bilodeau seesawing with teammate Kingsbury, with the younger skier getting the better of Bilodeau on top of the podium more often as the duo repeatedly placed one-two. This battle continued at the 2014 Winter Olympics where Bilodeau managed to beat out his counterpart after Kingsbury made a few slight errors in his final run. Yet once again the two men placed first and second and with the win Bilodeau became the first freestyle skiing gold medalist to defend his Olympic title, and first repeat gold medalist. He became the first Canadian to defend their Olympic gold since Catriona Le May Doan repeated her gold medal performance at the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics in Utah. Le May Doan had been the first Canadian to repeat gold, Bilodeau became the second to do so, and the first male.:
Personal life.
Alexandre Bilodeau is the son of Serge Bilodeau and Sylvie Michaud. His older brother, Frédéric, was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at a young age and told that he would be unable to walk by the time he was 12. Frédéric is now age 28 and still has the ability to walk. He also has a younger sister, Béatrice. As a child, Bilodeau was an avid hockey player. However, his mother got tired of taking Frédéric, their sister Béatrice and him from one rink to another for hockey games, and instead she encouraged him to sign up for downhill skiing. That decision came shortly after Bilodeau saw Jean-Luc Brassard win Olympic gold in moguls at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway. So at the age of seven, he decided to quit hockey and try moguls. Bilodeau remains an avid hockey player, albeit recreationally.
Alexandre Bilodeau graduated from the Collège Jean-Eudes, a French-language high school in Montreal where he studied sciences. Bilodeau is currently studying accountancy at the John Molson School of Business of Concordia University.
Alexandre Bilodeau says that his heroes are his brother Frédéric and Canadian freestyle skier Jean-Luc Brassard. In his free time, he enjoys skiing and playing the piano. Bilodeau speaks fluent French and English.,
Alexandre Bilodeau was a presenter at the 2010 Juno Awards, presenting the award for Album of the Year to Michael Bublé.
Results.
World Cup Victories.
Source
World Championship results.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="21628680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628680" title="Minuscule 234">
Minuscule 234

Minuscule 234 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 365 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1278. It has liturgical books and marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains entire text of the New Testament (except Apocalypse), on 315 thick parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 35 lines per page, in black ink, the capital letters in red. The order of books is unusual, the same as in codex 51: Acts, Pauline epistles, Catholic epistles, Gospels.
The text is divided according to ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, the ("titles") at the top. The text of the Gospels has also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (Matthew 359, Mark 241, Luke 342, John 232), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains "Prolegomena" to the four Gospels, Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), incipits, liturgical books with hagiographies (Synaxarion and Menologion), Verses in Matthew and Mark, Euthalian Apparatus in the Catholic epistles, Hebrews has three "Prolegomena". The text has many corrections.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland did not place it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It belongs to the textual cluster 74.
History.
The manuscript is one of several copies written by Theodore Hagiopetrites (as codex 74, 412, and others). It was bought at Venice by Friedrich Rostgaard in 1699. It was examined by Hensler, Birch, Delitzsch, Graux, and C. R. Gregory (1891).
It is currently housed at the Det Kongelige Bibliotek (GkS 1322, 4) at Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="21628694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628694" title="Kaman K-225">
Kaman K-225

The Kaman K-225 was an experimental helicopter developed by Kaman Aircraft. One was modified to become the world's first gas turbine powered helicopter.
Design and development.
The K-125 was Charles Kaman's first helicopter, which utilized intermeshing rotors and Kaman's patented servo-flap stability control. The K-125 first flew on 15 January 1947.
The K-190 and K-225 were an improved versions of the K-125, which first flew in April and July 1949 respectively. The U.S. Navy bought two and the Coast Guard one for $25,000 each. The United States Air Force evaluated one K-225 with the designation YH-22.
A modified K-225 equipped with a Boeing 502 (YT50) turboshaft engine became the world's first gas turbine powered helicopter in December 1951. This aircraft is now at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
References.
,Notes

</doc>
<doc id="21628757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628757" title="Falcon (programming language)">
Falcon (programming language)

Falcon is an open source, multi-paradigm programming language. Design and implementation is led by Giancarlo Niccolai, a native of Bologna, Italy and Information Technology graduate from Pistoia.
Falcon translates computer source code to virtual machine instructions for evaluation. The virtual machine is thought both as a stand-alone interpreter and for integration in third-party embedding applications.
A core design consideration for the Falcon programming language is to provide acceptably high performing scripting plug-ins to multi threaded data acquisition, reporting and dispersion applications.
As programming languages go, Falcon design leans more towards conciseness of code and expressiveness than general readability. The Falcon implementation does provide facilities for source level documentation and this documentation may become important as the mixed paradigm potential of Falcon scripting attempts to meet the problems faced with programming in the large.
History.
A small project, HASTE, developed in 2002, in an attempt to create a small fast
virtual machine, soon evolved into the Falcon programming language. In early 2008,
the package was first shipped under open source licensing as a package in Ubuntu,
and included in the KDE 4 scripting framework.
Philosophy.
Rather than focusing on one programming style or paradigm, Falcon merges several different styles into a single framework. At the same time, it targets multiple application domains (stand-alone, embedded into other applications and server-side dynamic pages), merging them into a single hood of a common architectural design.
At the implementation level, Falcon is driven by the concept of "service", where the scripting engine is seen as a service for scripts, modules and in embedded applications when not used as a stand-alone tool.
"Hello World" example.
Although there are various forms of basic I/O, an example Hello world program using "fast print":
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
> "Hello World!"
</syntaxhighlight>
Supporting Unicode, below is an internationalized example of introductions:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
which, when evaluated, displays
Paradigms.
Falcon merges six major programming paradigms.
Procedural.
Procedural programming is supported through classic function declarations and calls. Every function supports implicitly variable parameter calls and named/positional parameters. A set of procedural style statements (as i.e. for, while, if, switch statements) is provided.
The following is a complete procedural program.
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
If the above is saved to a text file as niceday.fal, a command line of falcon niceday.fal produces
on standard output.
Functional.
Falcon has an evaluation engine called Sigma-reductor, which allows programmers to write completely functional programs without the need to use any procedural construct, not differently from what is seen in Lisp. The intermixed programming style allows use of different paradigms (such as OOP or procedural approaches) in functional sequences, or to use functional evaluations during the course of otherwise procedural programs.
Functional sequences are represented by standard language arrays; this means that sequences can be created, inspected and changed dynamically by the program itself, either across different evaluations or during the course of a Sigma-reduction evaluation. The following example does that by changing a special variable reference, called "late binding" in a list loop.
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
Standard arrays can be called as functions if their first member is itself a callable item, as in the following example.
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
One-level functional sequences (as in the above example) can be conceptually treated as cached calls, and once assigned to a variable, they are morphologically equivalent to a function symbol.
The functional paradigm includes an "out-of-band" item marker. Items can receive an "oob" flag marker which can be tested through language operators and functions and indicate a special meaning for values traveling in functional sequences. For example, many functional loops, as "floop" and "times", can perform loop restarts or can be interrupted by returning either an out-of-band "1" or "0" from any of the involved functions. The "map" function, transforming all the values in an array through a mapping function, will ignore the returned value (discarding it) if it's an out-of-band "nil"; in this way, it is possible to perform map-and-filter operations in place.
Class-based object-orientation.
The Falcon programming language provides an OOP paradigm with classes, an inheritance model, class-static members, property initializers and instance constructor. Multiple inheritance is supported under the condition that at most one underlying ancestor class is reflecting native data. Access to base class members is supported.
Instance structure is fixed and immutable, but due to Falcon's functional nature where functions are seen as just a special kind of data, it is possible to set instance members to plain data or functions (making them methods) dynamically. Functional sequences can be assigned to properties, in which case they become functional methods for the given OOP instance.
Falcon supports stand-alone objects, which can be either classless or derived by class ancestors, which are instantiated and readied before the Virtual Machine executes the main script. Instance Resolution order is tracked by the Falcon Linker to ensure proper initialization of stand-alone objects, which may refer one another in program modules.
Class instances can be created through functional sequences, as instancing a class is morphologically equivalent to calling its symbol, and so, evaluating a functional sequence whose first element is a class has the effect of creating an instance.
Falcon OOP model is completed by operator overloading, which allows to create classes on which the mathematical and logical operators have a special behavior.
"The C++ classes that build the Falcon engine are Doxygen indexed at falconpl.org."
Prototype-based object-orientation.
Prototype OOP is similar to classic Class-based OOP, but it drops the concept of classes. Instances are all classless, and their structure can be dynamically changed. Falcon language dictionaries (ordered key/value pair collections) can include functions; dictionaries can then be "blessed" to inform the language that they are to be treated as classless instances, and applying "dot accessor" causes their values to be treated as properties or methods. In the following example, a dictionary becomes an object:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
Bindings in arrays works similarly.
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
Message-oriented.
Message-oriented programming allows indirect calls to one or more registered listeners when a message is broadcast. The contents of the message are arbitrary and can include any language item, including but not limited to classes from which to create instances, functional sequences or tables. Listeners can either compete to receive the message and exclude the others, or participate in building a common reply to the message in ordered steps. Messages can be broadcast and require an immediate reply or can be left in the environment to be received and processed by latecomers (termed "assertions" in Falcon).
Message oriented programming has a direct interface into the Virtual Machine, on which external native modules and embedding applications can interact. For example, a multithreaded application may throw into the virtual machine messages coming from different threads, for serialized processing at script level and later broadcast of processed solutions directly from within the scripts.
Tabular.
Tabular programming can be seen as a special extension of OOP programming, where a class is represented by a table, whose columns are properties and where each row is an instance. Other than keeping all the instances together, and allowing each instance to work on the surrounding rows of the parent table, modification on the table are dynamically reflected into every instance.
Tables offer a means to select behaviors between a finite set of choices, or to mix behaviors and merge them, providing fuzzy logic engines. As each row, actually a Falcon array, can contain both table-specific data and logic or private logic (via array bindings), an entity selected in a table via global selection logic can provide specialized working abilities.
Features.
Along with the multiple paradigms, Falcon presents a variety of different features for programmers.
List comprehensions.
Base types and classes exposing the sequence interface to the internal engine offer a "comp" method which offers all the functionality of a list comprehension construct. The comp method takes a mandatory "source" parameter, which can be another sequence, an item of range type or a generator function returning one item at a time, and a special marker at termination.
A function (or in general a callable item) can be provided as second optional parameter, and acts both as a filter and modifier.
Associative pair sequences (as i.e. dictionaries) are supported as well.
The following is a simple example using a range to create a list comprehension; the result is an array of even numbers 2..10:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
This generates a list of random integer numbers in the range 1,9; the list terminates when the random number is 10 (that is, each item as 1/10 probability to be the last).
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
The next, more complete example, uses a generator to fill a set of exactly 10 unique random numbers chosen in the 1..100 range. In this occasion, the role of determining the end of the comprehension is delegated to the filter.
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
The "comp" method returns the same object it operates on. So, it is possible to apply it on an already existing sequence to add more data to it.
Similarly, the "mfcomp" generic method allows to create list comprehensions using more input sets, as in the following example.
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
The resulting array in "sums" contains the values obtained summing each element in the first set (x) with each element of the second set (y).
Template documents.
Falcon allows scripts to be part of text documents, with the preprocessor or directive. Scripts saved as ".ftd" files are treated as text documents and simply echoed until one of those processor directives is encountered. Inbound scripts are executed as in the following ".ftd" example:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
FTD documents can be merged with normal Falcon scripts to form applications, where the presentation logic is in dynamic templates (the FTD files), and the application logic is stored in Falcon modules.
FTD documents can be used in driving dynamic websites. Some popular webservers (currently Apache 2), have modules which directly parse and execute ".fal" and ".ftd" scripts, providing an API which integrates in the webserver engine. It is also possible to use dynamic FTD pages along with CGI scripts.
Exceptions.
Falcon supports error handling via the "raise", "try" and "catch" statements. The raise statement can throw any Falcon item, including nil, numbers, strings, objects and so on. Library functions and external modules will usually raise instances of the Error class, or instances of a class derived from that.
The catch statement can be used to catch any type of item, a certain type (i.e. strings or integers), or instances from a certain class. Caught classes are organized on a hierarchical base, so that it is possible to provide more generic error handlers like the following example ("TypeError" is a library class derived from "Error"):
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
The "in" clause of the catch statement is optional (this means that the error itself may be discarded).
The "catch" statement mimics the "select" statement, which can be used to switch on the type or class of a given variable.
Explicit string expansion.
Falcon includes an '@' unary string expansion operator that returns a string with inline '$' variable references replaced. This operation allows for formatting during the substitution.
For example:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
Which prints:
Embeddable runtime.
Falcon is designed for embedding into and extending other systems with a linkable runtime library, "libfalcon".
Documentation generator.
Falcon ships with an integrated documentation system, called "faldoc", which is specifically designed to provide Falcon based libraries (be they native C++ code or module sets written in Falcon) with maintainable documentation.
Virtual filesystem.
All I/O operations happening at engine or at virtual machine (script execution) level are delegated to a centralized Virtual Filesystem Provider, to which external modules or embedding application facilities are allowed to register dynamically. Subscribed Virtual Filesystems abstract I/O operations as directory read, file creation and stream opening, and can be addressed from within scripts by URI. This makes it possible to load modules or open resources from any VFS (as network resources or compressed/crypted archives), which may include special virtual locations provided by third party modules and/or by applications embedding the engine.
Concurrency support.
In versions 0.8.x, the separate "Threading" module provides full multithreading to scripts, while starting from version 0.9.x the "Threading" module is integrated in the standard modules and threading support is provided directly inside the main engine. The multithreading model is "agent oriented", and data across threads must be explicitly shared through several possible sharing mechanisms. Each thread runs a different virtual machine, which runs separately from any operation happening in the others (as i.e. garbage collection). This allows for efficient parallel processing and zero contention outside the control of the script developer.
Coroutines.
Falcon supports quasi-parallel coroutining. Coroutines are code executed in time slices or during idle times by the Virtual Machine. They provide a lighter parallel approach than the full threading model and allow full visibility of program global data through different coroutines. Explicit cooperation of each coroutine is required, (i.e., each coroutine must check for data availability before blocking reads).
Metacompiler.
The Falcon compiler contains a meta-compiler that supports macro expansions. A Falcon Virtual Machine in the standard compiler drives the meta-compiler. Output generated from the meta-compiler is sent to the language lexer as if part of the original source. Using escape sequences, it is possible to dynamically write the contents of the program being compiled by printing it:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
The keyword macro provides a simplified "candy-grammar" interface to compile-time meta-programming.
Native internationalization.
Strings prefixed with an 'i' are recognized as exported (international) strings. Declaring the language used in a module through the directive statement, it is possible to indicate which is the native language in which strings are written, as in the following example:
<syntaxhighlight lang="falcon">
</syntaxhighlight>
A command line tool called fallc is provided to export 'i' strings into XML definition files, which can be used as templates to provide translations into different languages.
The translated string table is applied to the modules at load time.
Feathers standard library.
Supporting modular programming, Falcon ships with "Feathers", the standard module suite, which integrates the built-in "core module", containing the basic I/O and language-integrated base functions, classes and objects.
Feather modules currently include:
Implementation.
The core VM and official modules, (including Feather modules and other community provided support modules) are all written in C++. Some very low level module and engine elements are written in C and Assembly.
Supported platforms.
Falcon is distributed through installers on Mac OS X and Windows systems (where building and installing is a more articulated process), or through self-building source packages on various open systems as Linux or OpenSolaris.
On the latter systems, Falcon is usually supported and generally kept up to date on various distributions, among which:
Falcon is available on Solaris based OS distributions through the Blastwave project, and through the DragonFly BSD system.
Falcon Programming Language License.
The Falcon Programming Language License is the free software license applied to the Falcon programming language and also available to be used in other projects. 
The original FPLL 1.0 was described by its creator as being "... mainly an Apache2 license modified to extend the openness of the license to the embedding application and to the scripts."
Version 1.1 has been redesigned not to extend to the scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="21628781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628781" title="Avenida Figueroa Alcorta">
Avenida Figueroa Alcorta

Avenida Figueroa Alcorta is a major thoroughfare in Buenos Aires, Argentina, with a length of over along the city's northside.
History.
The rapid northward growth of the city of Buenos Aires during the late nineteenth century was facilitated by plans for a number of boulevards in the area by Mayor Torcuato de Alvear. Shortly after the opening of Viceroy Vértiz Avenue (today Avenida del Libertador) in 1906, a parallel boulevard was begun to serve the numerous upscale neighborhoods planned for the largely undeveloped northside. 
Planned with the assistance of French Argentine urbanist Carlos Thays and around his recent remodeling of Parque Tres de Febrero, the thoroughfare was opened on the 1910 centennial of the May Revolution that led to independence and was, accordingly, named "Avenida Centenario". Thays also designed a new residential neighborhood anchored around the new avenue: Barrio Parque, opened for development in 1912. The Sanitation Works Commission's massive water reclamation plant was subsequently built along the avenue's northern stretch.
Chrysler Motors opened an assembly plant on the avenue in 1932 (since demolished), an investment complemented by a testing facility housed in an ornate structure north of Barrio Parque (the former facility today houses condominiums and an automobile museum). The northern end of the avenue became home to the River Plate Football Club's monumental stadium, finished in 1938. The avenue was later graced by tennis and country clubs, parks and a number of monumental public buildings, though its boulevard medians were removed around 1970 to accommodate growing traffic. Excavations along the avenue in 2008 uncovered remains of the former "Hansen's Café", among the city's first and most popular tango redoubts until its demolition in 1912.
Itinerary.
A one way thoroughfare, the avenue begins at its eastern end past the Buenos Aires Palais de Glace in the upscale Recoleta section. Passing by the University of Buenos Aires Law School, the monumental Neoclassic structure dating from the administration of President Juan Perón (who had it built in the early 1950s as the future headquarters of the CGT, Argentina's largest labor union), the avenue also travels behind the National Fine Arts Museum and past United Nations Plaza. There, architect Eduardo Catalano installed the iconic "Floralis Genérica" in 2001. Past UN Plaza, the avenue passes by Argentine Public Television Studios, an extensive Modernist structure opened in 1978 and known locally for its roof garden. The studios are visually complemented by the reflecting pools in Rubén Darío Plaza and by the Chilean Embassy, a smaller, modernist building built in 1969. Behind the adjoining Chile Plaza, the San Martín National Institute and monument to José de San Martín anchor the leafy Barrio Parque neighborhood. The Institute is housed in a 1946 replica of the Liberator's Boulogne-sur-Mer residence in his later years. Along the other side of the avenue, businessman Eduardo Constantini opened his Latin American Art Museum of Buenos Aires (MALBA) in 2001. 
Passing by the Buenos Aires Japanese Gardens in the Palermo section of the city, the avenue leaves its residential surroundings, traveling through parks and other public areas for the remaining stretches. Cutting through urbanist Carlos Thays' vast Parque Tres de Febrero, it affords a view of his extensive rose garden and of the Galileo Galilei planetarium, opened in 1966. The intersection with Sarmiento Avenue features Renzo Baldi and Héctor Rocha's Monument to General Justo José de Urquiza. Passing by the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club, the City Velodrome and the Regata Lake, it enters the Belgrano neighborhood, where it ends at Guillermo Udaondo Avenue, past the River Plate football stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="21628798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628798" title="One in Every Crowd">
One in Every Crowd

"One in Every Crowd" is a song recorded by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry. It was released in February 2009 as the third single from their album "Back When I Knew It All". Eddie Montgomery, one-half of the duo, co-wrote the song with Kim Tribble and former Trick Pony bassist Ira Dean.
Content.
"One in Every Crowd" is an up-tempo with electric guitar accompaniment, written by Eddie Montgomery (one-half of Montgomery Gentry), along with Kim Tribble and Ira Dean, the latter of whom was formerly bass guitarist in the group Trick Pony. Montgomery and Troy Gentry, the duo's other half, both sing lead vocals. The verses describe a male character at a bar who rouses the patrons until they want to party with him. In the verse, the narrator reveals that the character being described is himself ("There's one in every crowd / And it's usually me"). A backup chorus sings "hey y'all" after the choruses, and begins cheering before the final chorus.
Reception.
Thom Jurek of allmusic gave the song a favorable description in his review of "Back When I Knew It All". He described the song as "an anthemic, heartland rocker with a crowd-chanting chorus" and "redneck John Mellencamp to the extreme." Allen Jacobs of Roughstock gave the song a positive review saying that the song is "adaptable to the saloon, the radio and the iPod, touching all ages as truly feel-good Pop with an honest message." 
Chart performance.
"One in Every Crowd" debuted at number 49 on the Hot Country Songs chart dated February 7, 2009, and entered the Top 40 the next week.

</doc>
<doc id="21628802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628802" title="Gisburg">
Gisburg

Gisburg (born 1966) is a composer and singer born in Salzburg in Austria.
She originally studied flute and studied with Dieter Schnebel, touring with his vocal group "Die Maulwerker".
Gisburg moved to New York in 1992.She has recorded 3 CDs with her own compositions on John Zorn’s label Tzadik.

</doc>
<doc id="21628843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628843" title="Riverside Cemetery (West Norriton Township, Pennsylvania)">
Riverside Cemetery (West Norriton Township, Pennsylvania)

Riverside Cemetery is a cemetery located in West Norriton Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States, near the western edge of Norristown, Pennsylvania. It was established in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="21628926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628926" title="Joe Kostal">
Joe Kostal

Joseph William Kostal (January 1, 1876 – October 10, 1933), nicknamed "Cudgey", was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched two games for the Louisville Colonels. He pitched a total of two innings, gave up four runs, zero earned runs, and was charged one error. Kostal was born in Chicago, Illinois, and died at the age of 57 in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21628963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628963" title="Zhang Ziqian">
Zhang Ziqian

Zhang Ziqian (, 1899-1991), a famous seven-string zither qin players, was born in Yangzhou, Jiangsu Province, The People's Republic of China. He studied the guqin with a guqin master Suo Shaotao at the age of thirteenth. In the 1930s, Zhang moved to Shanghai and worked as an accountant at a salt factory. In Shanghai, he met Zha Fuxi and Peng Zhiqing who were active qin players then. They frequently played the guqin together and Zhang’s playing skills were greatly influenced by them. In 1936, Zhang, Zha, Peng and other masters founded Jin Yu Qin She (Qin Society of Contemporary Yu Region), a qin society. In 1956, Zhang became a guqin performer by being appointed as a member of the state-run Shanghai Minzu Yuetuan (Shanghai National Music Ensemble); and a guqin teacher at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music in 1960. 
As a professional guqin performer of the Guanling School, one of the qin schools, Zhang skillfully transcribed guqin pieces from ancient manuscripts with the Guanling style and his distinctive interpretations, e.g. rhythmic variations. His famous pieces includes "Longxiang Cao" (Soaring Dragon), "Pingsha Luoyan" (Geese Descending on the Sandbank), and "Meihua Sannong" (Three Variations of Plum Blossom). His rendition of Longxiang Cao is considered one of his best interpretations and thus he is also known as "Zhang Longxiang" (張龍翔). 
Zhang was also devoted to writing articles and essays on guqin. In 1961, he published "Guqin Chujie" (A Preliminary Introduction to the Guqin) with Zha Fuxi and Shen Caonong. This publication features guqin history, guqin construction, guqin playing technique, guqin notation, and guqin pieces, which is considered as a major introductory manual for beginners.

</doc>
<doc id="21628968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21628968" title="List of Down Gilead Lane episodes">
List of Down Gilead Lane episodes

This is a list of episodes in the radio drama Down Gilead Lane.
Season 1 (Crazy Grace).
THERE'S SOMETHING STRANGE HAPPENING ON GILEAD LANE!
Season 1 introduces us to many of the characters of Coleraine, as well as the mystery of Grace Andrews' past.
Season 2 (When Push Comes to Love).
MEET MAYA RICHTER - THE MEANEST GIRL IN THE WHOLE SCHOOL!
The second season introduces the Richter family, and continues the ongoing mystery of Grace Andrews.
Season 3 (Cosmic Confusion).
THE DEEPENING MYSTERY OF GRACE
Season 3 follows Maya Richter as her faith is put to the ultimate test when her family aims to keep her away from Grace and the Morrisons.
Season 4.
OPERATION LEMONADE STARTS TO UNRAVEL THE SECRET...DOWN GILEAD LANE!
The mystery of what happened to Grace Andrews is finally uncovered in season 4.
Season 5.
A BROKEN FAMILY DISCOVERS THE HEALING BALM OF GILEAD
The Taylor family is starting to move on without their mom, when she suddenly returns. It's a season of struggles and healing for the Taylor's and those around them.
Season 6.
AN UNEXPECTED SOMEONE FINDS HOPE...DOWN GILEAD LANE
Season 6 introduces the Donners to Coleraine, and an unlikely friendship leads the way to answered prayers. Through the real-to-life stories, we learn how to live out the Beattitudes in every situation we tackle.
Season 7.
HEARTS AND LIVES WILL CHANGE...DOWN GILEAD LANE!
Lives are changed as someone takes a leave from Coleraine, a storm threatens lives, and someone finally gives their life to God.
Season 8.
OUR PLANS ARE NOT GOD'S PLANS...A LESSON TO BE LEARNED DOWN GILEAD LANE!
An election that pushes the boundaries, a dear friend's life comes to an end, and someone struggling leaves Coleraine.
Season 9.
CHANGE IS IN THE AIR...DOWN GILEAD LANE!
Change and transition is everywhere as someone leaves for college, the new mayor takes up their duties, and the Morrison family gains a new addition.
Season 10.
HOPE IN THE MIDST OF TURMOIL...DOWN GILEAD LANE!
The truth behind what's been happening behind the scenes over the last year comes to light, and someone puts their trust in the ultimate foundation, in, Pittsburgh?
Season 11.
A SUMMER OF GROWING PAINS AND ANSWERED PRAYERS...DOWN GILEAD LANE!
This season finds Grace and the Morrisons wondering whether it's time to leave Coleraine, and more about Peace of Heaven comes to light. And as the season comes to a close, an adoption is finalized, and someone else is sentenced to stand trial.
Season 12.
Twists, shocks, and surprises all in the final season of Down Gilead Lane!
Specials.
Specials are episodes that weren't aired as part of a season. Most specials were aired around a holiday, and are about that holiday.

</doc>
<doc id="21629086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629086" title="Drosera lowriei">
Drosera lowriei

Drosera lowriei is a perennial tuberous species in the genus "Drosera" that is endemic to Western Australia. It grows in a rosette about 3 cm in diameter. It is native to an area northwest of Esperance. It grows in loam soils in wet zones near granite outcrops. It is considered to be related to "D. zonaria". It was first formally described by N. G. Marchant in 1992 and named in honour of Allen Lowrie.

</doc>
<doc id="21629099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629099" title="Sergei Suponev">
Sergei Suponev

Sergei Yevgenyevich Suponev (; January 28, 1963, Khotkovo – December 8, 2001) was TEFI-awarded Soviet and Russian television director, children's television presenter and a mananger of child programms subdivision on Channel One.
Biography.
Sergei Suponev was born in Khotkovo, Moscow Oblast in 1963. He entered Lomonosov Moscow State University (Faculty of Journalism), but dropped it after a year and joined the army. In 1980 he was hired to the Central Television, wherein at first worked as a stevedore. In 1983 he was already the administrator of the musical editorial staff team. In 1984-1986 Suponev worked as a manager in propaganda department, since 1986 served as a script writer for television show "Do 16 i Starshe". Graduated from Moscow State University in 1988. In 1989 he hosted his first television show "Marafon 15". In 1997 he debuted as a screen actor in "Dandelion Wine". The same year Vladislav Listyev invited him to work on children's show "Zvezdny Chas". Since then Suponev created and hosted several successful shows, including "Zov Djungley", for which he was awarded with TEFI in 1999. Subsequently he worked almost on every child programm on Channel One. In 2001 (at the age of 38) he died in a snowmobile accident in Tver Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="21629105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629105" title="The Adventures of Kit Carson">
The Adventures of Kit Carson

The Adventures of Kit Carson is an American Western series that aired in syndication from August 1951 to November 1955, originally sponsored by Coca-Cola. It stars Bill Williams in the title role as frontier scout Christopher "Kit" Carson. Don Diamond co-starred as "El Toro", Carson's Mexican companion.
Synopsis.
"The Adventures of Kit Carson" was intended for children, and presents a fictionalized version of Carson and his life. In the series, Kit Carson roamed the West with his companion El Toro, seeking to help those in need. Kit rode a horse named Apache.
Production notes.
The series was filmed by Revue Studios at the ranch of Ray Corrigan, later purchased by Bob Hope, near Simi Valley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21629116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629116" title="Porphyran">
Porphyran

Porphyran is a sulfated carbohydrate dervied from red algae of the genus Porphyra.
Composition.
Porphyran is a complex sulfated carbohydrate. It is a highly substituted agarose with a linear backbone consisting of 3-linked beta-D-galactosyl units alternating with either 4-linked alpha-L-galactosyl 6-sulfate or 3,6-anhydro-alpha-L-galactosyl units. The composition includes 6-O-sulfated L-galactose, 6-O-methylated D-galactose, L-galactose, 3,6-anhydro-L-galactose, 6-O-methyl D-galactose and ester sulfate. Some of the ester is present as 1-4-linked L-galactose 6-sulfate. The precise composition of porphyran shows seasonal and environmental variations. In "Porphyra haitanensis", the L-residues are mainly composed of alpha-L-galactosyl 6-sulfate units, and the 3,6-anhydro-galactosyl units are minor. In "Porphyra capensis", the ratio of alpha-L-galactose-6-sulfate and the 3,6-anhydrogalactose is 1.2:1.

</doc>
<doc id="21629147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629147" title="Maurie Sankey">
Maurie Sankey

Maurie Sankey (born 9 February 1940 – 21 November 1965) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Sankey was from Tasmania and played his early football at Latrobe. A ruckman, he participated in Carlton's 1959 Preliminary Final loss to Essendon in just his third VFL appearance. He would later, in 1962, get to play in a Grand Final but again it was in a losing team, with Essendon victors.
He became club vice-captain in 1964 and brought up his 100th league match the following season. 
On 21 November 1965, Sankey was killed when his car was involved in a head-on collision near Wangaratta. He was buried in Springvale Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21629180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629180" title="IIHF European Cup 1989">
IIHF European Cup 1989

The 1988-1989 European Cup was the twentyfourth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 2, 1988, and finished on February 19, 1989.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21629210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629210" title="Paul J. Mueller">
Paul J. Mueller

Paul John Mueller(November 16, 1892 – 1964) was a career United States Army officer. He served overseas during World War I and World War II.
Education.
Paul Mueller was a graduate of the West Point class of 1915, known as "the class the stars fell on".
World War I.
Served in World War I as the commander of an infantry battalion of the 64th Infantry Regiment in France.
Peacetime.
After the war he had assignments to infantry commands, held staff positions and attended schools. He was a member of the occupation army stationed in Koblenz from 1920 to 1922. After leaving Germany, he attended and graduated from the Command and General Staff School in 1923. In 1928 he graduated from the Army War College. From 1931 to 1934 he served with the War Plans Division of the War Department General Staff. His next assignment was as an instructor with the General Staff College from 1935 to 1940. He led the training division from 1940 to 1941 for the chief of the infantry command. Later that year he was assigned as Chief of Staff for the 2nd Army and promoted to Brigadier General.
World War II.
In August 1942, after the United States entered World War II, he was given command of the 81st Infantry Division at Ft. Rucker, Alabama and was soon promoted to Major General. The 81st Infantry Division, known as the Wildcat Division, had been commanded by Maj. Gen. Gustave H. Franke since its reactivation in June 1942. For the next two years Gen. Mueller moved the division to different training locations throughout the United States before it was deployed overseas in the summer of 1944.
General Mueller led the Wildcat Division into its first taste of combat on 17 September 1944 during the Palau Islands campaign. While the majority of the 81st invaded Angaur Island, RCT 321 joined the 1st Marine Division in its assault of Peleliu Island. RCT 321 also assisted in capturing Ngesebus Island, Kongauru and Garakayo Islands. Operating under a naval task force, RCT 323 occupied Ulithi Atoll.
Beginning in November 1944 and continuing into the new year, General Mueller and the 81st captured Pulo Anna Island, Kyangel Atoll, and Pais Island.
After a break for rehabilitation and training, General Mueller led the 81st to Leyte in May 1945 where they helped with mopping up operations until August 12, 1945. On the 18th of September, General Mueller began occupation duty with the 81st Division in Japan.
Postwar and Retirement.
In January 1946, the 81st Division was deactivated and General Mueller took over command of the 86th Infantry Division from January 1946 to April 1946, replacing Maj. Gen. Harris M. Melasky. Maj. General Mueller commanded the 86th for a short time until relinquishing command to Maj. Gen. Harry F. Hazlett.
After leaving the 86th Infantry Division, General Mueller served as Chief of Staff to the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers in Tokyo until 1949. Following this assignment he became the Deputy Commander of the Third Army from 1949 to 1950.
His next assignment was as head of the Career Management Division. He continued in this assignment until his retirement in September 1954.
He died in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="21629239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629239" title="Gulf Coast League rosters">
Gulf Coast League rosters

Below are the full rosters and coaching staff of the 16 teams of Minor League Baseball's Gulf Coast League.

</doc>
<doc id="21629276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629276" title="Karl Heinrich Barth">
Karl Heinrich Barth

Karl Heinrich Barth (July 12, 1847December 23, 1922) was a noted German pianist and pedagogue. 
Biography.
He was born in Pillau, East Prussia (now Baltiysk, Russia). His teachers included Hans von Bülow, Hans von Bronsart and Carl Tausig. All three were leading musicians of the era and had close associations with Franz Liszt. Barth's first major position was as a professor of piano at the Stern Conservatory in Berlin, where he also served as court pianist to Crown Prince Friedrich, later Kaiser Friedrich III of Prussia. In 1868, Barth took a position in London teaching piano at the Royal Academy of Music. From 1910 until his death, he taught at the Berlin Hochschule für Musik, where his pupils included Arthur Rubinstein, Heinrich Neuhaus, Wilhelm Kempff, Siegfried Schultze and Rose and Ottilie Sutro.
He frequently performed in public with the violinist, conductor and composer Joseph Joachim and with Joachim's wife, the singer Amalie Weiss. He also formed a piano trio with the violinist Heinrich Karl Hermann de Ahna and the cellist Robert Hausmann. The trio was well known and widely celebrated.
He died in Berlin in December 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="21629382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629382" title="Icy (song)">
Icy (song)

"Icy" is a song by Gucci Mane from his album "Trap House". It features rappers Young Jeezy and Boo of the group Boo & Gotti.
A dispute over the possible inclusion of the song in Young Jeezy's 2005 album "" was the source of an ongoing feud between Jeezy and Gucci Mane.

</doc>
<doc id="21629391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629391" title="Eric Barnum">
Eric Barnum

Dr. Eric William Barnum (born 1979 Crookston, Minnesota) is an American composer of choral, instrumental, and vocal works. He received his doctorate in Choral Conducting at the University of Washington, Seattle.
Background.
Eric Barnum studied composition and voice at Bemidji State University, Minnesota, where he studied with Dr. Patrick Riley. He later studied composition and conducting with David Dickau at Minnesota State University. Barnum has been commissioned by ACDA Honor choirs, university ensembles, professional choirs, and school choirs. His "She Walks in Beauty" was incorporated in Chanticleer's touring repertoire.
Eric Barnum did not start composing until he was 21 years old, in fact he wanted to be an archaeologist but decided to study graphic design. 
Musical style.
Barnum’s music is intricately tied to the text, most often chosen from Latin liturgical sources or English poetry. The melodic line in all voices is treated with the utmost importance. Unexpected, but beautiful, harmonic progressions evoke mystical scenes of nature and spirit.
Barnum is influenced by the compositions of John Tavener, Arvo Part, Gerald Finzi, and Thomas Newman.
Teaching.
Dr. Eric Barnum is currently the Director of Choral Activities at the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh.

</doc>
<doc id="21629494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629494" title="Lauren Hammond">
Lauren Hammond

Lauren Hammond (born 1955) is a Democratic politician from Sacramento, CA. She has served on the Sacramento City Council since winning a special election in 1997. On Martin Luther King Day in 2009, Hammond announced that she will be running for the state assembly in 2010 which means that she will not be able to run for reelection to her city council seat. Hammond was the first African American woman to be elected to the Sacramento City Council.
Early life and education.
Hammond is an alumnus of CK McClatchy High School in the Land Park neighborhood of Sacramento. After high school, she attended Sacramento City College where she received her AA and Sacramento State University where she received her bachelor of arts degree in government.
Pre Council Career.
Hammond worked for the California State Senate as a Telecommunications Contract Administrator, and the Senate’s Coordinator for the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Sacramento City Council Elections.
The 5th District.
The neighborhoods included in the 5th district are south of US Highway 50 and are cover much of what is considered South and Southeast Sacramento. The neighborhoods included are Airport, Brentwood, Carleton Tract, Central Oak Park, Colonial Heights, Curtis Park, Fairgrounds, Fruitridge Manor, Golf Course Terrace, Hollywood Park, Lawrence Park, Med Center, North City Farms, North Oak Park, Parkway, Sacramento City College, South City Farms, South Oak Park, West Tahoe Park (most of Tahoe Park is in the 6th District), Woodbine
1997 City Council Election.
After Deborah Ortiz resigned in December 1996 to become the 9th district assemblymember, a special election was called. Hammond beat community activist and later SMUD board member Genevieve Shiroma 41% to 37%.
2002 Reelection bid.
Hammond won reelection in 2002 after defeating Michael McLara by a margin of 61% to 39%.
2006 Reelection bid.
Hammond was reelected to her third full term in 2006. She beat LR Roberts by a margin of 76% to 23%. Kevin Johnson who is now the mayor of Sacramento and a former NBA star was mentioned as a potential candidate but he ultimately decided not to run.
Council career.
2008 Mayoral Race.
Hammond backed incumbent mayor Heather Fargo in her unsuccessful reelection bid against St. HOPE director and former NBA star Kevin Johnson.
California State Assembly Bids.
2004 Assembly Bid.
Hammond made her first bid for the California State Assembly in 2004. In that race, she faced sixth district councilmember Dave Jones and Sacramento County supervisor Roger Dickinson. Jones won the primary with 43% of the vote, Dickinson came in second with 25% of the vote and Hammond came in third with 18% of the vote. Jones went onto win the general election.
2010 Assembly Bid.
Hammond announced her second bid for the Assembly at the Martin Luther King day parade in downtown Sacramento. Kevin McCarty, the sixth district councilmember had already announced in late 2008 that he would also be a candidate. Other potential candidates include Dickinson and 4th district councilmember Robert Fong.

</doc>
<doc id="21629500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629500" title="Cruoriopsis">
Cruoriopsis

Cruoriopsis is a genus of red algae. It has sometimes been considered a synonym of "Cruoriella" Crouan & Crouan or part of the large genus "Peyssonnelia". A 2007 dissertation by Krayesky recognizes this genus, as does ITIS.

</doc>
<doc id="21629537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629537" title="WZ Sagittae">
WZ Sagittae

WZ Sagittae ("WZ Sge") is a cataclysmic dwarf nova star system in the Sagitta constellation. it consists of a white dwarf primary being orbited by a low mass companion. The white dwarf is about 0.85 solar masses while the companion is only 0.08 solar masses. This implies that the companion is a spectral class L2 star, although this has yet to be confirmed. The distance to this system has been determined by parallax measurements using the fine guidance sense on the Hubble Space Telescope, yielding a distance of 43.5 parsecs.
WZ Sagittae is an ultrashort period cataclysmic nova, with outbursts observed in 1913, 1946, 1978 and 2001. During the well-observed 2001 outburst, the nova reached a peak visual magnitude of 8.21. The 1913 event was the brightest of the observed outbursts, reaching a photographic magnitude of 7.0.
This nova is classified as a SU Ursae Majoris class star, which is a subclass of dwarf nova that produces what are termed superoutbursts spaced several months apart, interspaced with normal outbursts every few weeks. The normal outbursts typically last 2−3 days, while a superoutburst lasts a few weeks. However, WZ Sagittae is unusual in that it is only observed to emit superbursts.
The outbursts of a dwarf nova are caused when matter from a ring-like accretion disk becomes unstable. In this system, the companion star is sufficiently close to the white dwarf that the tidal bulge of the former overlaps the Roche limit, allowing matter to pass across and accumulate onto the disk. When the disk reaches a critical temperature, the gas collapses onto the white dwarf resulting in the release of gravitational potential energy.
A superoutburst may be caused by a tidal interaction of the accretion disk with the donor star, resulting in a greater deposition of matter on the white dwarf. In the case of WZ Sagittae, however, magnetic effects may act to enhance the deposition, resulting in the lack of normal outbursts. Because of the unique timing differences in the rate of superoutbursts of this nova, it been designated the prototype star for a WZ Sagittae subclass.
The orbital period of this system is 1.361 hours. Based upon observations of eclipses of the hot spot on the white dwarf (created by infalling material), the orbital plane of this system is inclined by to the line of sight from the Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="21629553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629553" title="1921 Buffalo All-Americans season">
1921 Buffalo All-Americans season

The 1921 Buffalo All-Americans season was their second in the league. The team matched their previous output of 9–1–1, going 9–1–2 against league opponents, and losing the league title to the Chicago Staleys in a disputed tiebreaker.
Philadelphia Quakers moonlighting controversy and absorption of Detroit Heralds.
During the 1921 season, several of the Buffalo All-Americans, most notably future Philadelphia Eagles co-founder Lud Wray, also played for the Philadelphia Quakers, an independent club based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Since Philadelphia was subject to blue laws in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the Quakers had to play their games on Saturdays, as opposed to the Sundays used by the APFA, including Buffalo. The Buffalo players played for Philadelphia on Saturday, then traveled back to Buffalo for Sunday's game. A few days before Buffalo played Canton, the league found out about violation of league policy, and made the players choose which team they wanted to play for. Five, including Wray, chose to stay with the Quakers, blaming the Buffalo management for "blowing the whistle." Buffalo was able to hire players from the Detroit Heralds, who folded midseason, to complete their roster.
De facto championship game.
The Chicago Staleys (to be renamed the Chicago Bears after the end of the season), led by wide receiver George Halas, and the Buffalo All-Americans, led by quarterback Tommy Hughitt, were the two top teams in the league; each playing all of their games at home, Buffalo and Chicago amassed 6–0 records in league play. On Thanksgiving 1921, Buffalo played one of its only road games of the season, in Chicago, and prevailed 7–6. Chicago demanded a rematch.
The All-Americans agreed to rematch the Staleys on December 4, again in Chicago, on the condition that the game would be considered a "post-season" exhibition game not to be counted in the standings; had it not, Buffalo would have had an undefeated season and won the title. (Buffalo had played, and defeated, the Akron Pros just one day prior.) Chicago defeated Buffalo, who did not have the services of the Heralds players it had borrowed (they were playing against the Detroit Maroons the same day), in the rematch by a score of 10–7. Halas rebutted that the second game was played on December 4 (well before teams typically stopped playing games in those days), and the Staleys played two more games against top opponents, the Canton Bulldogs and Chicago Cardinals after the second Buffalo game (though, at the time of the Buffalo-Chicago matchup, Chicago had played three fewer games than Buffalo).
The league counted the All-Americans game in the standings, against Buffalo's wishes, resulting in Buffalo (9–1–2) and Chicago (9–1–1) being tied atop the standings. The league then implemented the first ever tiebreaker: a rule, now considered archaic and removed from league rulebooks, that states that if two teams play multiple times in a season, the last game between the two teams carries more weight. Thus, the Chicago victory actually counted "more" in the standings, giving Chicago the championship. Buffalo sports fans have been known to refer to this, justly or unjustly, as the "Staley Swindle," and have cited it as the first evidence of a sports curse on the city.
Schedule.
Game in "italics" was against a non-NFL team, is therefore not counted in league standings.

</doc>
<doc id="21629562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629562" title="Asian Karate Championships">
Asian Karate Championships

The Asian Karatedo Championships are the highest level of competition for sport karate in Asia. The competition is held in a different country every two years organized by the Asian Karatedo Federation (AKF) under the supervision of World Karate Federation (WKF), the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 180 member countries. It is the only karate organization recognised by the International Olympic Committee and has more than fifty million members. The AKF organizes the Junior and Senior Asian Karatedo Championships in every two years in between the Olympic and Asian Games and participates in WKF World Karate Championships which its member Japan play as a powerhouse country when it comes to sport karate vying for world titles with counterpart opponents from the powerful nations such as France, United Kingdom, Netherlands, Spain and Italy in many world championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21629566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629566" title="McCaskey">
McCaskey

McCaskey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21629628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629628" title="Chandiya (film)">
Chandiya (film)

Chandiya is a 1965 Sri Lankan action movie directed by Titus Thotawatte. In the country, it was the first of its genre to not borrow from Indian cinema.
Plot.
Troubled youth encounters the pressures of city life and villainous characters.

</doc>
<doc id="21629630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629630" title="Kam Group">
Kam Group

The Kam Group is a thick Archean volcanic group in the Yellowknife greenstone belt of the Northwest Territories, Canada. It consists of tholeiitic mafic and subordinate felsic volcanic rocks that were erupted in a submarine environment about 2706 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="21629648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629648" title="Arts Club of Washington">
Arts Club of Washington

The Arts Club of Washington is a club to promote the Arts in Washington, D.C. 
Founded in May 1916, its first president was Henry Kirke Bush-Brown.
It is located at the Cleveland Abbe House. 
It awards The Marfield Prize, National Award for Arts Writing, which is given annually by Arts Club of Washington members and the Marfield Prize Committee.
The Marfield Prize, National Award for Arts Writing.
The Marfield Prize, also known as the National Award for Arts Writing, is given annually by the Arts Club of Washington to nonfiction books about the arts written for a broad audience. Intended to help increase access to the arts, the Prize celebrates prose that is lucid, luminous, clear, and inspiring—writing that creates a strong connection with arts and artists.
The Prize of $10,000, the only one of its kind in the country, honors nonfiction books first published in the U.S., by a single author who is living at the time of the book’s nomination. First given in 2006, the prize’s endowment was established by long-time Arts Club member Jeannie S. Marfield in honor of Florence Berryman and Helen Wharton.
The award is given to the author of a nonfiction book about any artistic discipline (visual, literary, performing, or media arts, as well as cross-disciplinary works. Works of art history and criticism, biographies and memoirs, and essays are all eligible. Anthologies, creative works of fiction or poetry, books for children, exhibition catalogs and self-published books are not eligible.
History and past winners.
Members of the club noticed that there was a lack of "good, accessible writing about the arts," according to former award administrator Sarah Browning. 
Club members decided to use a bequest by longtime member Jeannie S. Marfield to remedy the situation. 
In 2006, Scott Reynolds Nelson, won the Marfield Prize for "Steel Drivin’ Man: John Henry, The Untold Story of an American Legend".
In 2007, Jenny Uglow, won for "Nature’s Engraver: A Life of Thomas Bewick".
In 2008, Michael Sragow, won for "Victor Fleming: An American Movie Master ".
In 2009, Linda Gordon, won for "Dorothea Lange: A Life Beyond Limits".
In 2010, R. Tripp Evans won for "Grant Wood: A Life."
In 2011, the club named Yaël Tamar Lewin the winner of the sixth annual Marfield Prize, the National Award for Arts Writing, for her biography, "Night’s Dancer: The Life of Janet Collins" (Wesleyan University Press, 2011).
In 2012, Anne-Marie O’Connor won for "The Lady in Gold: The Extraordinary Tale of Gustav Klimt’s Masterpiece, Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer".

</doc>
<doc id="21629670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629670" title="Luis R. Mejia">
Luis R. Mejia

Luis R. Mejia is an American lawyer. Mejia was named the Chief of the Litigation counsel of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and represented Senator John McCain in the Keating 5 ethics investigation. He received his J.D. from George Washington Law School.
Keating 5 Scandal.
Mejia represented Senator John McCain during the Ethics Investigation known as the Keating 5.
Career.
Mejia was in private practice at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld until 1999 when he joined the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Since then he has been involved in many important investigations, including the investigation of AOL Time Warner, successfully prosecuting Evergreen Media Chief Officer Scott K. Ginsburg on insider trading, and as well as prosecuting sports agent William H. Black on insider trading as well. Mejia also led the litigation counsel in the SEC's Enron Investigation. Mejia was named the Chief of the Litigation Counsel at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21629684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629684" title="Tom Miller (catcher)">
Tom Miller (catcher)

Thomas P. Miller (1850 – May 29, 1876), nicknamed "Reddy", was an American Major League Baseball catcher who played a total of 59 games during his two season career. He played four games for the Philadelphia Athletics, and 55 games for the St. Louis Brown Stockings, both of the NAPBBP. He career statistical totals include: 230 at bats, 19 runs scored, two doubles, and a .187 batting average. Miller was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and died there on May 29, 1876, and is interred at Evergreen Memorial Park in Bensalem Township, Pennsylvania, after having been moved from Lafayette Cemetery in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="21629696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629696" title="Durant Regional Airport – Eaker Field">
Durant Regional Airport – Eaker Field

Durant Regional Airport – Eaker Field is three miles (5 km) south of Durant, Oklahoma. It was established in September 1943. The airport is home to Southeastern Oklahoma State University's Aviation Sciences Institute.
History.
The airport is named for SOSU alum General Ira Eaker, a 1917 graduate of Southeastern who served in World War I and World War II. During WWII, General Eaker was commander of the Eighth Air Force in England and led several historic bombing missions against targets in occupied Europe and Germany.
The City of Durant named an airfield west of town in honor of then Captain Eaker in the 1930s. The U.S. Navy built the current airfield as an auxiliary field during WWII and it became Durant Municipal Airport after the war. It was later renamed Eaker Field.
For a year or two around 1951-52 Durant had scheduled airline flights-- Central DC-3s.
Facilities.
Eaker Field covers and has two asphalt runways: Runway 12/30 is 3,000 x 75 ft (914.4 x 22.9 m) and runway 17/35 is 5,001 x 100 ft (1,524.3 x 30.5 m).
In the year ending August 25, 2005 the airport had 46,355 aircraft operations, average 127 per day: 97.8% general aviation, 2.2% general aviation itinerant, 0.1% military. 21 aircraft were then based at the airport: 17 single-engine, 3 multi-engine, and 1 jet.
Expansion.
The Durant Industrial Authority is putting the new airport terminal building design for Eaker Field up for bid. The terminal will be about .
The terminal design called for an air traffic control tower, but that was dropped due to the cost.
A new taxiway is in the early bidding process. The project will be done in two phases along runway 17/35. Phase 1 will cover about half of the distance, around , and is to be completed in 2010. Phase II will include the remaining footage of the runway.

</doc>
<doc id="21629697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629697" title="Tim Poston">
Tim Poston

Timothy (Tim) Poston (born 19 June 1945 in St Albans, Hertfordshire) is an English mathematician best known for his work on catastrophe theory. His 1972 Ph.D at the University of Warwick was directed by Christopher Zeeman on "Fuzzy Geometry". Less well known was his role as active founding member of COUM Transmissions performance group with Genesis P-Orridge. They studied at Hull University together. Tim Poston wrote texts and advised COUM on physics and maths 1968-1978.Tim Poston remains "Scientific Adviser" to P-Orridge to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="21629700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629700" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Illinois">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Illinois

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Illinois.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Logan County, Illinois, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 12 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21629703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629703" title="Majestad de la Sierra">
Majestad de la Sierra

Majestad de la Sierra is a Duranguense band that was formed in Mexico by former band member from K-Paz de la Sierra Beto Durán and Luis Diaz.
Splitting Up.
Eight months after Sergio Gomez death, his best friend Beto Durán and Luis Diaz made their Group "Majestad De la Sierra" on August 7, 2008. Before the group was formed, Durán and Diaz were secretly recording an album with 5 other people from K-paz without anyone knowing except Miguel Galindo. Their first album will be released on March 10, 2009 called "Nueva Ilussion" (). They already released their first song called ""Eres Mi Obsecion""

</doc>
<doc id="21629709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629709" title="Gunnar Reiss-Andersen">
Gunnar Reiss-Andersen

Gunnar Reiss-Andersen (21 August 1896 – 29 July 1964) was a Norwegian lyric poet and author.
Born in southern Norway in Larvik municipality, Reiss-Andersen went to sea at 17 years of age, sailing the Baltic and North Seas for a year in the brig “Baron von Holberg", which was commanded by his uncle, Knut Knutsen. After completing the Examen artium with emphasis in Latin in 1916 he went into the military and trained, becoming a non-commissioned officer. There he followed his inclination towards the arts, painting portraits. He subsequently studied painting in Copenhagen (1917–1919) and Paris (1919–1921). For several years he worked as an artist, illustrator, and the art reviewer for the "Arbeiderbladet" newspaper in Oslo.
In 1921 he debuted as a lyric poet with his poetry collection titled "Indvielsens aar".
He participated in the Norwegian resistance movement beginning in 1940 and during the early years of the Second World War, writing clandestinely distributed anti-war poetry to express opposition to the German occupation. In 1942 he was forced to flee to Sweden to avoid arrest by the Gestapo. He achieved a wide following in Norway by serving as one of the voices for the resistance, along with Nordahl Grieg and Arnulf Øverland. His contributions included several resistance-oriented collections of poetry including a collection written primarily in Norway titled "Kampdikt fra Norge 1940-43" (“War Poetry from Norway 1940-43”) which was published in Stockholm in 1943 and "Norsk røst" (“Norwegian Voice of Conscience”) which was published in Stockholm in 1944. His poetry written during the war, which had previously circulated illegally, was published in Norway as a collection in the spring of 1945, and enjoyed popularity.
During his stay in Sweden, he was exposed to modernistic Swedish poetry and the influence of this genre became obvious in his post-war work.
Reiss-Andersen was awarded the Norwegian state’s artist salary in 1945; this is a substantial recognition which had previously been awarded to well-recognized writers, poets, playwrights and composers including Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, Henrik Ibsen, Edvard Grieg, Olav Duun and Johan Falkberget. In 1962, King Haakon awarded him the rank Knight, First Class in the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. After 1963 he also received an honorary salary from the publishing house, Gyldendal in recognition for his contributions.
Personal life.
Reiss-Andersen married Elizabeth Waage (1898-1962) in 1921, and in 1925 he married Tordis Castberg Anker (1899–1967). They had a son, Helge Reiss-Andersen. Gunnar Reiss-Andersen was also the father of Dag Halvorsen (1934–2007), who was a journalist and foreign correspondent, and of Gry Waage (1922-), a Norwegian journalist. He is the paternal grandfather to another well-known Norwegian, Berit Reiss-Andersen, who is known both for her work as a State Secretary and as a mystery author.
Reiss-Andersen died on 30 July 1964 and is buried in Larvik.

</doc>
<doc id="21629711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629711" title="Tropical Depression Nine (2001)">
Tropical Depression Nine (2001)

Tropical Depression Nine caused minor flooding in Central America in September 2001. The ninth tropical cyclone of the 2001 Atlantic hurricane season, the depression developed from a tropical wave in the southwestern Caribbean Sea on September 19. Without significant intensification, the depression made landfall in Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua early on September 20, which was about six hours after becoming a tropical cyclone. Once inland over Central America, the depression significant deteriorated and dissipated later that day, after lasting for less than 24 hours. The remnants emerged into the Pacific Ocean and later developed into Hurricane Juliette. Impact from the depression was rather minor. Although sustained winds on land did not exceed 30 mph (55 km/h), a fallen tree injured three children in El Salvador. In addition, heavy rainfall flooded at least 200 homes in San Salvador and inundated 15 farms. The depression did not result in fatalities and damage caused by it is unknown. 
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave exited the west coast of Africa and emerged into the Atlantic Ocean on September 11. After tracking westward for five days, the wave entered the Caribbean Sea on September 16. Convection steadily increased in both coverage and intensity, and by September 19, the system reached the southwestern Caribbean Sea. Satellite imagery and surface observations indicated that Tropical Depression Nine formed at 1800 UTC on September 19, while located 50 miles (80 km) north-northwest of San Andres Island.
Initially, the depression had two centers of circulation, one east of Costa Rica and one east of Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua. Because the thunderstorm activity was more intense and persistent at the northern circulation, advisories were initiated using the latter. Computer forecast models predicted that the depression would make landfall in Nicaragua and then enter the eastern Pacific Ocean within 36 hours. Other computer forecast models separated it into two systems, with the northern center going into the Bay of Campeche and the southern center going westward through Costa Rica and into the Pacific while strengthening into a "significant tropical cyclone". Although only a tropical depression, upper level outflow was circular and was indicative of a more "mature" tropical cyclone.
At 0000 UTC on September 20, the depression made landfall near Punta Cabezas, Nicaragua with winds of 35 mph (55 km/h) and weakening was immediately forecast. Three hours later, the National Hurricane Center issued its final advisory, as the lower level center became poorly defined because of interaction with the mountains of Central America and deep thunderstorm activity had significantly diminished. The National Hurricane Center noted the possibility of regeneration, if the circulation entered into the Pacific Ocean within a few days. Although the depression never redeveloped, the remnant tropical wave emerged into the Pacific Ocean and contributed to the development of Hurricane Juliette on September 21.
Preparations and Impact.
Upon development of the tropical depression, a tropical storm watch was issued from Bluefields, Nicaragua to Dangriga, Belize. When the depression made landfall, this warning was discontinued. Residents in El Salvador were advised to avoid rivers due to possible flooding but no mandatory evacuations were put in place. A green alert was issued in Nicaragua due to the threat of heavy rains and high winds. This alert remained in effect until September 21. Three children were injured by a fallen tree in the country. The highest sustained winds on land from the depression were reported at Punta Cabezas, Nicaragua with winds of 30 mph (50 km/h) and a minimum pressure of . A total of of rain was recorded in Bluefields while up to was estimated to have fallen in mountainous areas. 
In El Salvador, heavy rains from the depression helped alleviate drought conditions; however, flooding also inundated 200 homes in San Salvador along the Acelhuate River. Fifteen farms were inundated by flooding, five of which were destroyed. Seventy people evacuated to shelters set up after the storm by the local Red Cross and armed forces. Military crews were quickly deployed to help clean up the damages on September 22. Although it passed over Central America, there are no reports of damage or deaths in the region due to the tropical depression.

</doc>
<doc id="21629716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629716" title="Mary Astor Paul">
Mary Astor Paul

Mary Astor Paul (March 26, 1889 - July 28, 1950) was a Philadelphia socialite who was related to the Astor and Drexel families. During World War II, she helped the American forces in France. 
Mary Paul, daughter of James W. Paul, Jr. was born in Radnor, Pennsylvania where she grew up, and was presented to society in 1907.
Marriage.
On October 28, 1908, Mary's engagement to Charles Alexander Munn, Jr. was announced. The marriage of the couple took place on June 21, 1909, at St. Martin Episcopal Church in Radnor, Pennsylvania. Many members of society were present, including the Drexel and Roosevelt families.
After their marriage, the couple lived at Woodcrest, their residence in Radnor, until they sold it in 1925. After the sale, the couple sailed to France, intending on living there for a decade. However, Mary filed for divorce in 1930, citing abandonment.
Children.
The Munns had four children together: three daughters and a son: Pauline, Mary, Frances Drexel, and Charles A. Munn, Jr.
Pauline, the eldest child, married Milton Dorland Doyle, of New York City, in Cap Ferrat, France in 1931. The marriage was a tumultuous one, and after twice filing and then dismissing divorce charges, the couple was divorced in 1938. Pauline died in France in 1939.
Charles served with the United States Naval Reserve, rising to the rank of lieutenant in 1941. At that time, he married Louise Stanley, the actress, in New York City.
Frances Drexel Munn went to school in Europe and was presented to society in 1934 at the Bellevue-Stratford in Philadelphia. In 1938, she married George F. Baker, son of the prominent banker of the same name in New York City.
Mary Munn was educated at a school in Westfield, England, until the war broke out. At that time, she was brought to Paris and educated by private tutors. On 29 September 1948, she married Frederick Ponsonby, Viscount Duncannon at the American Cathedral in Paris, France. Lord Dunacannon succeeded as the 10th Earl of Bessborough, 10 March 1956. Lady Bessborough was a painter of still life.
World War II.
During World War II, Mrs. Munn, now remarried to Jacques Allez, served the United States Military in a large role. She served as president of the American Aid Society in Paris. During the French resistance movement, she helped contact the American forces under the code name "Pauline."
The President of the United States, Harry S. Truman, awarded Mme. Allez the American Medal of Freedom for her service. At the same time, French President Vincent Auriol made her a chevalier of the Legion of Honor.
Speaking of her service, Mme. Allez said that her contacts were throughout France, and consisted of people from all walks of life and occupations. She was also in personal contact throughout the war with the American Legation in Berne, Switzerland, and Robert Murphy, the United States Consul.

</doc>
<doc id="21629721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629721" title="K38HE">
K38HE

K38HE is a low-power religious television station on analog channel 38 in West Plains, Missouri. It covers parts of southern Missouri and north-central Arkansas. It is also seen on Cobridge Communications (channel 19) in West Plains and in Thayer, Missouri and Mammoth Spring, Arkansas (channel 98), and on Rapid Cable (channel 9) in Alton, Missouri.
It carries local programing from 4PM until 10PM and TV network programing at all other times from TCT or WHT including all day on Sundays. Operations are supported by donations from loyal viewers.
In 2009, a severe thunderstorm late on the evening of July 11 seriously damaged the new radio tower at its new TV studio, which holds the microwave-band dish antenna for the studio/transmitter link. In use for less than two weeks, it was made necessary because of a move in the studio location further away from the TV transmitter site, making the cost of leasing a much longer fiber-optic line than before prohibitive.
K38HE went off the air couple of times after a transmitter tube broke in the transmitter and returned to the air on October 9th,2009. However,this was short lived,On Monday night September 21, 2009 K38HE went off the air after a tube broke in the transmitter. This station has returned to the air on Monday night October 19, 2009. K38HE went off the air after a rebuilt tube broke in the transmitter. K38HE has replaced the transmitter with a new tube and returned to the air Friday night October 23, 2009.
Technical problems.
Since the move to the new studio, K38HE's picture and sound sometimes pixelates and weird audio sounds are heard multiple times an hour or freeze up completely at times. This has been witnessed by viewers. On Channel 38 they said the case of this was because they're still trying to get their new microwave link set up correctly and all the bugs out. This problem has never been completely fixed. Its still an ongoing problem.
Digital television.
K38HE must be digital by September 1, 2015 to continue broadcasting. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/dtv-transition-and-lptv-class-translator-stations 

</doc>
<doc id="21629731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629731" title="Suzuran">
Suzuran

The is a limited express train service operated by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) between and in Hokkaido, Japan. The current limited express service was introduced in July 1992, but the name was first used from 1956 for an express service operated by JNR between and Sapporo.　"Suzuran" is the Japanese name for Lily of the valley.
Rolling stock.
Since 1 October 2007, services have been formed of 5-car 785 series EMUs. All seats are non-reserved, except for car 4, which has improved "u-Seat" accommodation, including AC outlets for personal use.
Formations.
Trains are formed as shown below, with car 1 at the Muroran end.
From July 1992 until 30 September 2007, "Suzuran" services were formed of 4-car 781 series EMUs, with one reserved car (car 4), formed as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21629738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629738" title="Wilbur Wright und seine Flugmaschine (film)">
Wilbur Wright und seine Flugmaschine (film)

Wilbur Wright und seine Flugmaschine ("Wilbur Wright and his Flying Machine") is the German viewing market title of a silent film made in 1909 and is considered to be the first-ever use of motion picture aerial photography as filmed from a heavier-than-air aircraft.
It was filmed 24 April 1909 near Rome by French cinematographic company Société Générale des Cinématographes Eclipse.
The events leading up to the creation of the film began in 1908 when the Wright brothers received an invitation from the Compagnie Générale de Navigation Aérienne to ship a Wright Flyer "Model A" airplane to France and fly it at Le Mans to dispel any remaining doubt that they had indeed conquered heavier-than-air flight. Since few had witnessed their earlier successes, many in Europe were skeptical about their claims. Some skeptics in the European press went so far as to claim that the stories were a "bluff." The August 30, 1908 edition of "Le petit journal illustré" was quoted as saying, "The experiments that Wilbur Wright is carrying out in France at the moment victoriously responded to this accusation." Among those present for the public demonstrations prior to the filming was Louis Blériot, who would cross the English Channel by plane the following year.
It begins with a shot of Wilbur Wright starting the engine; an unidentified assistant (quite likely his brother, Orville) is seen at the front of the aircraft. From there, shots of the aircraft in flight with Wright at the controls along with an unidentified passenger cut to shots of onlookers on the ground, presumably military and press liaisons. The aircraft is shown in side-to-side flybys as well as low-altitude passes directly toward and away from the camera.
The aerial shots begin at the 1:34 mark immediately after a shot of the aircraft coming to a landing directly approaching the camera. A title card appears which reads "Aufnahmen von der Flugmaschine aus gemacht", or "Shots Taken from the Flying Machine." From there, the shot is of the aircraft on its launch sled as it is being prepared for takeoff. An assistant at the rear of the plane, again presumably Orville Wright, starts the engine as Wilbur Wright takes his seat at the controls. The actual onboard shots, with the camera mounted on the left lower wing near Wright's seating position begin at approximately the two-minute mark of the film as the aircraft lifts off from the launch sled. The canard, elevator and the elevator's control cord are in the foreground of the film as the Italian countryside (complete with livestock, a man on horseback and the ruins of a Roman aqueduct) passes beneath.
"Wilbur Wright und seine Flugmaschine" has been restored and archived by Filmarchiv Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="21629748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629748" title="Pigozzi">
Pigozzi

Pigozzi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21629777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629777" title="Meenakshi Reddy Madhavan">
Meenakshi Reddy Madhavan

Meenakshi Reddy Madhavan is a blogger and writer. She writes under the pseudonym eM on "The Compulsive Confessor". Her first book, a semi-autobiographical attempt, is "You Are Here", published by Penguin Group. Her second book is titled 'Confessions of a Listmaniac' which was published by Scholastic.
She is the daughter of the famous Malayalam writer and former IAS officer N. S. Madhavan who is one of the most powerful voice of Malayalam literature. Her mother Shiela Reddy is a journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="21629781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629781" title="Disability.gov">
Disability.gov

Disability.gov is a United States Government inter-agency web portal that provides access to comprehensive information about disability-related programs and services. The site contains thousands of trusted resources, updated daily, from the federal government, educational institutions, non-profit organizations and state and local governments.
Disability.gov offers information for the more than 50 million Americans with disabilities. It is also a reliable resource for parents of children with disabilities, employers, workforce and human resource professionals, veterans, military families, caregivers and other community members. The site offers resources on ten key subjects: benefits, civil rights, community life, education, emergency preparedness, employment, health, housing, technology and transportation.
History.
Originally launched in 2002 as DisabilityInfo.gov, the site was created by the head of disabled employment, Roy Grizzard, following an Executive Directive made in August 2002 by President George W. Bush as part of his "New Freedom Initiative", and was launched by United States Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao in October 2002. 
The portal reached the one million visitor mark and over 20 million 'hits' by June 2003. It subsequently won a number of awards: the Web Content Managers Best Practice Peer Award; the American Association of Webmasters (AAWM) 2006 Gold Award for outstanding design and quality of content; and the e-gov Institute's Knowledge Management Award for "delivering high value to citizens in a knowledge management solution." 
The site was relaunched as Disability.gov on July 27, 2009. The redesigned site is easy to navigate and includes social media tools to encourage visitor interaction and feedback. Visitors can sign up for personalized news and updates, participate in online discussion and suggest resources for the site.

</doc>
<doc id="21629786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629786" title="Irwin Dambrot">
Irwin Dambrot

Irwin Dambrot (May 24, 1928 – January 21, 2010) was an American basketball player, best known for his college career at the City College of New York.
Early life.
Dambrot was born in the Bronx and attended William Howard Taft High School in the South Bronx. 
Basketball career.
Dambrot was a first-round draft pick of the New York Knicks and the Most Outstanding Player of the 1950 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
A 6–foot–4, 175–pound forward, He played for coach Nat Holman at the City College of New York (CCNY) where as senior captain in 1950 led the Beavers to a 24–5 record and the NCAA basketball championship, earning MVP honors in the tournament. After the season, Dambrot was named to the Helms Athletic Foundation Basketball All-America team.
Dambrot's CCNY team also won the 1950 National Invitation Tournament (NIT), the only time that one school has won both the NCAA and NIT tournaments in the same season. Dambrot was the only senior starter on the CCNY roster that season. 
A January 19, 2003, article in the New York Daily News described Dambrot as "a sharp-shooting forward known for his relentless enthusiasm."
Dambrot was selected in the first round (seventh overall) by the New York Knicks in the 1950 NBA draft, though he chose a career in dentistry after graduating from Columbia University dental school
On March 26, 1951, Dambrot and his CCNY teammates Ed Roman, Ed Warner, Norm Mager, Al "Fats" Roth, Herb Cohen, and Floyd Layne were arrested on charges of shaving points in three games during the 1949–50 season. All pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of point shaving. All received suspended sentences, except for Warner, who received a six-month prison sentence.
According to a March 20, 1996, article in the New York Times by Ira Berkow, "the CCNY players who were convicted had accepted bribes from gamblers not to throw games, but to keep them under the point spreads. The players received just a few thousand dollars for their efforts, which took place during the season, but not during tournament games."
Dambrot's nephew, Keith Dambrot, coached LeBron James when the future NBA star was at St. Vincent–St. Mary High School, and he is the current head basketball coach at the University of Akron.
Later life and death.
Irwin Dambrot lived his final years in Mendham, New Jersey. He died at age 81 at a hospital in Summit, New Jersey, after having suffered from Parkinson's disease for some time. He is interred at Locust Hill Cemetery in Dover, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="21629798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629798" title="Dead to the World (novel)">
Dead to the World (novel)

Dead to the World is the fourth book in Charlaine Harris's series "The Southern Vampire Mysteries", released in 2004. In "Dead to the World", Sookie aids vampires Eric and Pam in their struggle against a coven of witches seeking to take over control of their area, and takes care of Eric after the witches erase his memory.
The novel was adapted as the fourth season of "True Blood", the HBO series based on the novels, however with a few notable differences.
Plot summary.
This novel opens on New Year's Eve, three weeks after the events of "Club Dead". Sookie Stackhouse finds Eric running down the road close to her home, but he seems to have lost his memory. Sookie, initially reluctant to get involved in vampire matters once again, takes Eric in. Eric's second in command, Pam, is relieved at Sookie finding Eric, and explains a coven of villainous witches, some of them also werewolves, has arrived in Shreveport, set on extorting money from Eric and taking over the local power he has. Hence, Pam believes the witches to be responsible for Eric's erased memory. After Sookie's brother Jason bargains on a financial settlement, Sookie agrees to keep Eric in her house and care for him, as the witches are on the lookout for Eric and might harm him.
The next day, Jason is missing. Sookie oversees the slowly progressing police investigation of her brother's disappereance, but personally fears the witch coven might've gotten hold of him.
Later on, Sookie informs werewolf Alcide Herveaux of the witch coven being in town. Alcide and his pack master fear that one of their pack members might have defected to the witches' side, but Sookie and Alcide then discover this particular woman's murdered body. Back in Bon Temps, Sookie's workplace is paid a visit to by the leaders of the witch coven, Marnie "Hallow" and Mark Stonebrook. Meanwhile, Sookie and Eric give in to their intense desire for each other. Pam suggests Alcide's werewolf pack, her area vampires and some local Wiccans unite to fight off the witch coven. They do so and with Sookie's assistance, brutally attack the witches' main gathering place, wiping out everyone present but Hallow, whom Pam captures and forces to lift Eric's amnesia. Sookie returns home dismayed at the loss of her relationship with the memory-free Eric, and finally retrieves Jason with Sam's help in Hotshot, a local were-panther community. In Hotshot, Felton Norris, romantically interested in Jason's one-time fling Crystal, also a werepanther, had contained Jason and purposefully bit him to change him into a werepanther, so that Crystal would lose her interest in Jason.
Deaths.
This novel marked the death of three previously introduced characters; Fangtasia's human waitress Ginger was killed by a witch curse, Fangtasia's replacement bartender Chow was staked in the climactic battle, and Alcide Herveaux's jealous, shapeshifter ex-girlfriend Debbie Pelt was shot to death by Sookie after invading Sookie's house intending to kill her.
Television adaption.
The television adaption, as the fourth season of "True Blood", began its broadcast on June 26, 2011, and the season's finale was aired on September 11, 2011. Courtney Ford joined the cast as Portia Bellefleur, sister to Andy Bellefleur. Portia appeared in the previous three novels, but not in "Dead to the World". She did not appear in the previous three seasons of "True Blood" Alexandra Breckenridge was cast as Katarina, a member of Marnie's Wiccan group. Daniel Buran was cast as Marcus Bozeman, Alcide's pack master. In the novel, Alcide's packmaster was named Colonel Flood. Fiona Shaw was cast as Marnie "Hallow" Stonebrook. Characters from "Dead to the World" that appeared in True Blood's earlier seasons include Crystal Norris played by Lindsay Pulsipher, Felton Norris played by James Harvey Ward and Holly Cleary played by Lauren Bowles.

</doc>
<doc id="21629813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629813" title="Carbolabs">
Carbolabs

Carbolabs, Inc., a chemistry company specializing in reactions utilizing phosgene, was founded by Joe Karabinos in 1967. Originally located in the basement of his home in Bethany, Connecticut, it wasn't until the following year that the business was moved into its own dedicated building. The company was purchased by Sigma Aldrich in 1998. In 2008 operations at the Bethany site were discontinued and were subsequently moved to the Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin Sigma Aldrich manufacturing facility. Carbolabs uses phosgene to produce a wide array of chemicals including isocyanates, chloroformates, and isonitriles, although some reactions not involving phosgene such as the production of the fluorinating reagent DAST are also part of their established chemistries. As a subsidiary of Sigma Aldrich, a number of Aldrich products still bear "A Carbolabs Product" on their label.

</doc>
<doc id="21629824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629824" title="TEFI">
TEFI

TEFI () is an annual award given in the Russian television industry, presented by the Russian Academy of Television. It has been awarded since 1994. TEFI is presented in various sectors (up to 50 nominations in 2008), such as television shows, notable people in the television industry, journalists, channels. The winners are awarded with Orpheus statuette created by Ernst Neizvestny.

</doc>
<doc id="21629831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629831" title="Methasterone">
Methasterone

Methasterone (Superdrol, methasteron, and methyldrostanolone) is an oral anabolic steroid that was never marketed through legitimate channels for medicinal purposes. It was brought to market, instead, in a clandestine fashion as a “designer steroid.”
History.
The synthesis of methasterone is first mentioned in the literature in 1956 in connection with research conducted by Syntex Corporation in order to discover a compound with anti-tumor properties. In a 1959 research journal article, it is initially mentioned and is elaborated upon where its method of synthesis is discussed in greater detail, its tumor inhibiting properties are verified, and it is noted as being a “potent orally active anabolic agent exhibiting only weak androgenic activity.” The results of subsequent assays to determine methasterone’s anabolic and androgenic activity were published in Vida’s Androgens and Anabolic Agents, a dated but still standard reference, where it was noted that methasterone possessed the oral bioavailability of methyl-testosterone while being 400% as anabolic and 20% as androgenic, yielding a Q-ratio (also known as an anabolic to androgenic ratio) of 20, which is considered very high.
Injectable counterpart.
Methasterone was never a commercially available prescription drug. Its non-17α-alkylated counterpart, drostanolone, was commercialized by Syntex Corporation under the brand name Masteron.
"Designer steroid".
Methasterone resurfaced in 2005 as a “designer steroid”. It was brought to market by Designer Supplements as the primary ingredient of a dietary supplement named Superdrol. Its introduction into commerce may have represented an attempted circumvention of the 1990 Anabolic Steroid Control Act (along with its 2004 revision), since the law is, in part, drug-specific; methasterone, as is the case with many designer steroids, was not declared a Schedule III class anabolic steroid in that act because it was not commercially available at the time the act, and its subsequent revision, were signed into law. Methasterone was therefore being sold as an over-the-counter dietary supplement.
Controversy and FDA involvement.
It was in late 2005 that the status of methasterone, in addition to that of four other designer steroids, as an anabolic steroid was brought to public awareness by an article published in the "Washington Post". Don Catlin of the UCLA Olympic Laboratory, who conducted the studies, noted methasterone’s similarity to drostanolone. A warning by the FDA was issued soon after to the general public as well as to the distributor, Designer Supplements LLC, for the marketing of this compound. Methasterone was subsequently added to the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) list of prohibited substances in sport. Despite all of this, methasterone has resurfaced within the supplement industry on several occasions since its banning by WADA.
Hepatoxicity.
Methasterone is hepatotoxic (toxic to the liver). Many cases of liver damage due to the use of methasterone have been cited in the medical literature.

</doc>
<doc id="21629844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629844" title="William of Poitiers (disambiguation)">
William of Poitiers (disambiguation)

There were several Counts of Poitiers named William:

</doc>
<doc id="21629856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629856" title="Manchester computers">
Manchester computers

The Manchester computers were an innovative series of stored-program electronic computers developed during the 30-year period between 1947 and 1977 by a small team at the University of Manchester, under the leadership of Tom Kilburn. They included the world's first stored-program computer, the world's first transistorised computer, and what was the world's fastest computer at the time of its inauguration in 1962.
The project began with two aims: to prove the practicality of the Williams tube, an early form of computer memory based on standard cathode ray tubes (CRTs); and to construct a machine that could be used to investigate how computers might be able to assist in the solution of mathematical problems. The first of the series, the Small-Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM), ran its first program on 21 June 1948. As the world's first stored-program computer the SSEM, and the Manchester Mark 1 developed from it, it quickly attracted the attention of the United Kingdom government, who contracted the electrical engineering firm of Ferranti to produce a commercial version. The resulting machine, the Ferranti Mark 1, was the world's first commercially available general-purpose computer.
The collaboration with Ferranti eventually led to an industrial partnership with the computer company ICL, who made use of many of the ideas developed at the university, particularly in the design of their 2900 series of computers during the 1970s.
Small-Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM).
The Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM), also known as the Baby, was designed as a test-bed for the Williams tube, an early form of computer memory, rather than as a practical computer. Work on the machine began in 1947, and on 21 June 1948 the computer successfully ran its first program, consisting of 17 instructions written to find the highest proper factor of 218 (262,144) by trying every integer from 218 − 1 downwards. The program ran for 52 minutes before producing the correct answer of 131,072.
The SSEM was in length, tall, and weighed almost 1 long ton. It contained 550 thermionic valves – 300 diodes and 250 pentodes – and had a power consumption of 3.5 kilowatts. Its successful operation was reported in a letter to the journal "Nature" published in September 1948, establishing it as the world's first stored-program computer. It quickly evolved into a more practical machine, the Manchester Mark 1.
Manchester Mark 1.
Development of the Manchester Mark 1 began in August 1948, with the initial aim of providing the university with a more realistic computing facility. In October 1948 UK Government Chief Scientist Ben Lockspeiser was given a demonstration of the prototype, and was so impressed that he immediately initiated a government contract with the local firm of Ferranti to make a commercial version of the machine, the Ferranti Mark 1.
Two versions of the Manchester Mark 1 were produced, the first of which, the Intermediary Version, was operational by April 1949. The Final Specification machine, which was fully working by October 1949, contained 4,050 valves and had a power consumption of 25 kilowatts. Perhaps the Manchester Mark 1's most significant innovation was its incorporation of index registers, commonplace on modern computers.
Meg and Mercury.
As a result of experience gained from the Mark 1, the developers concluded that computers would be used more in scientific roles than pure maths. They therefore embarked on the design of a new machine which would include a floating point unit; work began in 1951. The resulting machine, which ran its first program in May 1954, was known as Meg, or the megacycle machine. It was smaller and simpler than the Mark 1, as well as quicker at solving maths problems. Ferranti produced a commercial version marketed as the Ferranti Mercury, in which the Williams tubes were replaced by the more reliable core memory.
Transistor Computer.
Work on building a smaller and cheaper computer began in 1952, in parallel with Meg's ongoing development. Two of Kilburn's team, R. L. Grimsdale and D. C. Webb, were assigned to the task of designing and building a machine using the newly developed transistors instead of valves. Initially the only devices available were germanium point-contact transistors, less reliable than the valves they replaced but which consumed far less power.
Two versions of the machine were produced. The first was the world's first transistorised computer, and became operational in November 1953. The second version was completed in April 1955. The 1955 version used 200 transistors, 1,300 solid-state diodes, and had a power consumption of 150 watts. The machine did however make use of valves to generate its 125 kHz clock waveforms and in the circuitry to read and write on its magnetic drum memory, so it was not the first completely transistorised computer, a distinction that went to the Harwell CADET of 1955.
Problems with the reliability of early batches of transistors meant that the machine's mean time between failures was about 90 minutes, which improved once the more reliable junction transistors became available. The Transistor Computer's design was adopted by the local engineering firm of Metropolitan-Vickers in their Metrovick 950, in which all the circuitry was modified to make use of junction transistors. Six Metrovick 950s were built, the first completed in 1956. They were successfully deployed within various departments of the company and were in use for about five years.
Muse and Atlas.
Development of MUSE – a name derived from "microsecond engine" – began at the university in 1956. The aim was to build a computer that could operate at processing speeds approaching one microsecond per instruction, one million instructions per second. "Mu" (or "µ") is a prefix in the SI and other systems of units denoting a factor of 10−6 (one millionth).
At the end of 1958 Ferranti agreed to collaborate with Manchester University on the project, and the computer was shortly afterwards renamed Atlas, with the joint venture under the control of Tom Kilburn. The first Atlas was officially commissioned on 7 December 1962, and was considered at that time to be the most powerful computer in the world, equivalent to four IBM 7094s. It was said that whenever Atlas went offline half of the UK's computer capacity was lost. Its fastest instructions took 1.59 microseconds to execute, and the machine's use of virtual storage and paging allowed each concurrent user to have up to one million words of storage space available. Atlas pioneered many hardware and software concepts still in common use today including the Atlas Supervisor, "considered by many to be the first recognisable modern operating system".
Two other machines were built: one for a joint British Petroleum/University of London consortium, and the other for the Atlas Computer Laboratory at Chilton near Oxford. A derivative system was built by Ferranti for Cambridge University, called the Titan or Atlas 2, which had a different memory organisation, and ran a time-sharing operating system developed by Cambridge Computer Laboratory.
The University of Manchester's Atlas was decommissioned in 1971, but the last was in service until 1974. Parts of the Chilton Atlas are preserved by the National Museums of Scotland in Edinburgh.
MU5.
Work on MU5 began in 1966. It was designed to be about 20 times faster than Atlas, and was optimised for running compiled programs rather than hand-written machine code, something that contemporary computers were unable to do efficiently. A major factor in the MU5's much-improved performance over its predecessors was its incorporation of associative memory, which greatly speeded up access to its main store.
The Science Research Council (SRC) awarded Manchester University a five-year grant of £630,466 in 1968 (equivalent to about £ in ) to develop the MU5, and ICL made its production facilities available to the university. Development work began in 1969, and by 1971 the design team had grown from its initial nucleus of six members of the university's computer science department to 16, supported by 25 research students and 19 ICL engineers.
MU5 was fully operational by October 1974, coinciding with ICL's announcement that it was working on the development of a new range of computers, the 2900 series. ICL's 2980 in particular, first delivered in June 1975, owed a great deal to the design of MU5, which was in operation at the university until 1980.
MU6.
MU5 was the last large-scale machine to be designed and built at Manchester University. The development of its successor, MU6, was funded by a grant of £219,300 awarded by the SRC in 1979 (equivalent to about £ as of ). MU6 was intended to be a range of processors with MU6-V at the top end and a personal processor, MU6-P, at the bottom. Only MU6-P and a mid-range processor, MU6-G, were ever produced, and ran between 1982 and 1987. The university did not have the resources to build the remaining machines in-house, and the system was never commercially developed.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="21629858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629858" title="Red Bull Paper Wings">
Red Bull Paper Wings

Red Bull Paper Wings is a world paper airplane championship which is held by Red Bull under the rules developed by the Paper Aircraft Association (PAA). The competition was first held in 2006. Contestants from 86 countries from around the world qualified for the 2009 competition. The third Red Bull Paper Wings world finals took place on May 4–5, 2012. The final round of the competition takes place in Red Bull's Hangar 7 in Salzburg, Austria, and is monitored by Guinness Book of World Records officials.
The competition crowns champions in three categories: distance, hangtime, and aerobatics.
The two time defending champion of the Paper Wings Distance competition is Jovica Kozlica from Split, Croatia.
Historically, the representatives from the United States do poorly despite having fifteen representatives relative to the three from every other country. This trend has been questioned for the 2012 competition as John Hart was the 7th ceded player in the distance competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21629859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629859" title="Goodnight Oslo">
Goodnight Oslo

Goodnight Oslo is a 2009 album by Robyn Hitchcock, recorded with Peter Buck of R.E.M., Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and Bill Rieflin of Ministry and R.E.M., who are billed collectively as The Venus 3. Colin Meloy of The Decemberists provided one of the backup vocals in "Saturday Groovers", as Hitchcock provided guitar for a track on the Decemberists' album "The Hazards of Love".

</doc>
<doc id="21629863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629863" title="List of Full Metal Panic! episodes">
List of Full Metal Panic! episodes

The episodes of the Japanese anime television series "Full Metal Panic!" are directed by Koichi Chigira and animated by Gonzo. They are based on the light novel series of the same name, written by Shoji Gatoh and illustrated by Shiki Douji, using material from the first three novels ("Fighting Boy Meets Girl", "Running One Night Stand", and "Into the Blue") of the series over 24 episodes. The series focuses on Sousuke Sagara, a Sergeant from the mercenary group Mithril who is assigned to protect Kaname Chidori, student from a Japanese high school with a unique ability. The first season began in Japan, on January 8, 2002, and ended on June 18, 2002.
The spinoff series, "Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu", and a second season, "" (which, starting from its fourth episode, follows the "Sigma" manga series), are directed by Yasuhiro Takemoto and animated by Kyoto Animation and is adapted from the two "Ending Day by Day" novels. The spinoff aired between August 25, 2003 and November 18, 2003 and the second season aired between July 13, 2005 and October 19, 2005. An original video animation (OVA), which has not been broadcast, was released on DVD on May 26, 2006. For the North American release, the first season and the spinoff series were licenced by ADV Films and the second season was licenced by Kadokawa Pictures USA.
The opening theme song to "Full Metal Panic!" was "tomorrow", while it's ending theme song was . The opening theme song to "Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu" was and the ending theme was . The opening theme for "Full Metal Panic!: The Second Raid" was and the ending theme was . All songs were performed by Mikuni Shimokawa.
Episode list.
"Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu".
The spinoff series comprises various stories in the short story collections. Episode 1b, "A Hostage With No Compromises" did not air because the plot involved child kidnapping and in Japan, real-life child kidnappings were making headlines at that time. Instead, episode 1b released with episode 2a, "Hostility Passing-by", as OVAs.

</doc>
<doc id="21629868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629868" title="Tangasauridae">
Tangasauridae

Tangasauridae is a family of eosuchian diapsids. Specimens have been found that are of Late Permian to Early Triassic in age from the Sakamena Group of western Madagascar. They lived alongside other taxa present from the Sakamena Group, including temnospondyls, rhynchosaurs, and gomphodont eucynodonts. Fossils have been found of numerous specimens of common members of this family such as "Hovasaurus" and "Thadeosaurus" at in different stages of ontogenic development. Recent material from the Middle Sakamena Formation of the Morondava Basin of Madagascar that dates back to the early Triassic period suggests that the Tangasauridae were relatively unaffected by the Permian-Triassic extinction event.
Description and phylogeny.
Tangasaurids are known to have been a highly derived group of diapsids. One subfamily, the Kenyasaurinae, is composed of taxa that were fully terrestrial. They had long toes and highly developed sternums that made them well suited to life on land. On the other hand, the other subfamily, the Tangasaurinae, composed of taxa that were adapted to an aquatic life. They had webbed feet and a laterally compressed tails that allowed them to be able to swim in the freshwater lacustrine environment present at the time. Because of their highly derived aquatic characteristics and occurrence in time, it has been suggested that the tangasaurids were a direct ancestor of the superorder Sauropterygia, which includes many highly derived marine aquatic reptiles such as placodonts, nothosaurs, and plesiosaurs.
Classification.
Despite the controversy over the definition of the order Eosuchia (to which the Tangasauridae are considered to have belonged) and as to which taxa should be considered to fall within it, the position of the tangasaurids as part of this group has rarely been questioned. An alternative order has been proposed to resolve the issues surrounding Eosuchia, the Younginiformes. Because their quadratojugal and jugal bones meet to form an arch in the skull, as is a characteristic of many primitive diapsids, tangasaurs would be included in Younginiformes.
The Tangasauridae is divided into two subfamilies, as shown below:

</doc>
<doc id="21629903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629903" title="Offshore oil and gas in California">
Offshore oil and gas in California

Offshore oil and gas in California provides a significant portion of the state's petroleum production. Offshore oil and gas has been a contentious issue for decades, first over the question of state versus federal ownersip, but since 1969 mostly over questions of resource development versus environmental protection.
Notable offshore fields include the Ellwood Oil Field and the Wilmington Oil Field, both of which are partially onshore and partially offshore, and the large Dos Cuadras Field in the Santa Barbara Channel, which is entirely in the federal zone.
State offshore seabed in California produced of oil per day, and federal offshore tracts produced of oil per day in November 2008. State and federal offshore tracts together made up 16% of the state's oil production.
Pre-oil industry.
Knowledge of the probable existence of oil off the coast of California dates back to the early European explorers who noted oil slicks in the Santa Barbara channel (see "Coal Oil Point seep field"). In 1792, when the English explorer James Cook anchored his ship in the Santa Barbara Channel, his navigator George Vancouver wrote that the sea was “... covered with a thick, slimy substance,” and added “... the sea had the appearance of dissolved tar floating on its surface, which covered the ocean in all directions within the limits of our view.” 
In 1865, oil geologist Charles Jackson wrote: 
A description of the oil and gas seeps offshore southern California can be found in a report on the California Division of Oil and Gas's website. The report is accompanied by a map, showing the locations of offshore petroleum seeps from Point Arguello (north of Santa Barbara) to Mexico.
Extension of onshore fields.
Offshore drilling began in California in 1896, when operators in the Summerland Oil Field in Santa Barbara County followed the field into the ocean by drilling from piers built out over the ocean. At least 187 offshore oil wells were drilled in the Summerland Field by 1902. A number of other coastal fields were extended offshore in Santa Barbara, Ventura, Los Angeles, and Orange counties, usually by directional drilling.
The Wilmington Oil Field in Los Angeles and Long Beach was extended offshore into Long Beach Harbor by drilling numerous wells directionally from four artificial islands in the harbor. The drilling islands, owned by the City of Long Beach, are landscaped with palm trees.
Ownership of offshore oil and gas.
The issue of state versus federal ownership has a long and contentious history (see "Tidelands"). The US Supreme Court ruled in 1947 that the federal government owned all the seabed off the California coast. However, the US Congress passed the Outer Continental Shelf Act in 1953, which recognized state ownership of the seabed within of the shore.
In some cases, the state granted ownership of offshore seabed to the adjacent municipalities. In this way Long Beach was granted ownership of Long Beach Harbor in 1911. When the Wilmington field was discovered, Long Beach contracted with oil companies to produce oil from the city-owned offshore part of the field.
Offshore development.
Oil production began from a man-made offshore island off Seal Beach in 1953. The first strictly offshore oil field in California was the Belmont Offshore Field, discovered in 1948 from the shore of Seal Beach; production did not begin until 1954 when a man-made island was built in 40 feet of water for drilling and production equipment.
The first of ten federal offshore lease sales in California was held in 1963.
Santa Barbara spill and aftermath.
The Union Oil Company discovered the Dos Cuadras oil field in federal waters of the Santa Barbara Channel in 1968, but success turned to disaster in 1969, when large quantities of oil began escaping to the sea floor near a drilling well in the field. The resulting oil slick came ashore along of coastline in Santa Barbara County, and turned public opinion against offshore drilling in California. In response to the oil spill, US Secretary of the Interior Walter Hickel removed of federal tracts near Santa Barbara from oil and gas leasing.
Halting new offshore leasing.
California, like other states, owns and controls the mineral resources within of the coast. Leasing California state seabed is controlled by the California State Lands Commission, which halted further leasing of state offshore tracts after the Santa Barbara oil spill in 1969. In 1994 the California legislature codified the ban on new leases by passing the California Coastal Sanctuary Act, which prohibited new leasing of state offshore tracts. 
The federal government continued to hold offshore lease sales through 1982. Then the US Congress directed that no federal funds be used to lease additional federal tracts off the coast of California. Congress repeated the moratorium on new leases every year until September 2008, when an appropriations bill passed the House and Senate without the ban; however, no federal lease sales have been proposed for offshore California since the ban was lifted. 
A lawsuit by the state of California prevented the federal government from allowing development on 36 federal leases issued before the congressional moratorium. The federal government voided 29 of the contested leases by repaying $1.1 million in lease bonuses; the seven additional federal leases have not been resolved, but remain inactive because of the litigation. The Minerals Management Service estimates that the seven undeveloped leases contain of recoverable oil and of recoverable gas.
In 1990, President George H. W. Bush issued an executive moratorium banning new federal leasing through the year 2000 in many offshore areas, including California. In 1998, President Bill Clinton extended the moratorium through 2012. In July 2008, President George W. Bush rescinded the executive order.
Tranquillon Ridge field.
Although leasing in state waters has been prohibited since 1994, the law allows exceptions when petroleum under state lands is being drained by nearby wells on non-state tracts; no such exceptions have been made to date. In 2008 both Plains Exploration & Production (PXP) and ExxonMobil offered competing proposals to the state to drill wells into Tranquillon Ridge field, offshore Santa Barbara County. The Tranquillon Ridge field lies partly in state and partly in federal waters. Neither proposal entailed additional offshore surface structures. Plains proposed to drill wells directionally from their existing Irene Platform in federal waters. ExxonMobil proposed to drill directionally from wells onshore in Vandenberg Air Force Base. The Plains Exploration proposal was endorsed by the Environmental Defense Center and by Get Oil Out! On 29 January 2009 the State Lands Commission denied the applications by a 2-1 vote. The reason given for the denial was that "approving the lease request would send a message that additional drilling is possible off the California coast." 
In July 2009 Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger proposed allowing oil production from the state portion of Tranquillon Ridge field, as a way to increase state revenue, which would include a $100 million up-front payment to the state. The provision was defeated in the state legislature. On 3 May 2010, governor Schwarzenegger, reacting to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, withdrew his support for the Tranquillon Ridge drilling plan, stating, "I see on TV the birds drenched in oil, the fishermen out of work, the massive oil spill and oil slick destroying our precious ecosystem."
Current activity.
Despite the long-term bans on new leasing in state (since 1969) and federal waters (since 1984), drilling and production have continued on existing leases, from existing drilling and production platforms.
Nine active offshore drilling and production locations remain in state and municipal waters: one platform and one artificial island in the Santa Barbara Channel, and four artificial islands and three platforms from the offshore portion of the Wilmington Oil Field in San Pedro Bay/Long Beach Harbor. The first artificial offshore island, for Belmont Offshore Field, was removed in 1999.
Twenty-three offshore drilling and production platforms remain in federal waters, producing 22 million barrels of oil and 21 billion cubic feet of gas per year (as of 2009).
Future potential.
Several large, undeveloped offshore oil fields have been discovered; see first map in this article. Seven undeveloped leases are estimated contain one billion barrels (0.16 km3) of recoverable oil and 500 billion cubic feet (14 km3) of recoverable gas. The total potential petroleum resource in offshore central California may be 4 to 6 billion bbls oil and 5 to 7 trillion cubic feet of gas, per 1996 estimates by USGS and MMS. 
Most of these fields are north of Point Conception and are heavy oil. Some of these oil reserves could be produced by directional drilling from existing platforms. Political issues have prevented new development to date (2014), but these fields contain a large and significant resource for the future. 

</doc>
<doc id="21629909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629909" title="Meda River">
Meda River

The Meda River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.
The river is formed when the Lennard River splits into two channels just north of Mount Marmion, the other channel being the May River. Continuing to flow westward the river eventually discharges into Stokes Bay, King Sound which is north-east of Derby.
The river was named in 1881 by a pioneer of the area, George Julius Brockman during an expedition in the Kimberley area. The river is named after "HMS Meda", an Admiralty surveying vessel that charted the coastline in the area including the river mouth in 1880.
The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the "Ongkarango" peoples.
The Meda has three tributaries; The Lennard River, May River and Hawkstone Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="21629910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629910" title="San Francisco mayoral election, 1999">
San Francisco mayoral election, 1999

The 1999 San Francisco mayoral election was held on November 2, 1999, with a runoff election held on December 14, 1999. Incumbent mayor Willie Brown won reelection against supervisor and current Assemblyman Tom Ammiano and nine other candidates for a second term as Mayor of San Francisco.
There is a documentary about the election titled "See How They Run".

</doc>
<doc id="21629922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629922" title="Hulatang">
Hulatang

Hulatang (胡辣汤), or Hu La Tang, is a kind of Chinese traditional soup, which is an important part of Chinese people's daily diet. Hulatang can also be found in the United States, where it is known as "spicy soup". It was introduced by Chinese American immigrants.
Hulatang was invented by people in Henan province. It can be divided into two different genres. The one is "Xiaoyao Zhen" (a town near Zhoukou City), the other is "Beiwudu". As the name implies, capsicum and black pepper are put into the broth made by beef soup.
Past and present.
The invention of Hulatang can be dated back to the ancient dynasties of China. There is no record of who first cooked it. However, pepper was brought to China during the Tang Dynasty. According to records, the ingredients used were similar to present day recipes. In addition to pepper, some herbs and flavorings such as ginger, aniseed and fennel are added into the boiling soup to improve the flavour and make it spicy and hot. The taste makes people feel a warm current throughout their whole bodies.
In modern China, especially for northern people, Hu La Tang is one of the most popular elements of breakfast. In the morning, people get up early so they can go out and eat the soup before working and studying. A bowl of soup usually starts at 4 Yuan, but can be more expensive depending on the fame of the restaurant, quality and variety of its ingredients.
Ingredients.
Cooked beef, beef soup, flour, vermicelli, kelp, spinach, pepper, ginger, salt, vinegar, sesame oil.

</doc>
<doc id="21629925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629925" title="Edward H. Rulloff">
Edward H. Rulloff

Edward H. Rulloff (sometimes Rulofson or Rulloffson; 1819/1820 – May 18, 1871) was a noted philologist and criminal. Rulloff is also notable for his brain which as of 1970 is the second largest on record and can be seen on display at the psychology department at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Rulloff was born near Saint John, New Brunswick to German immigrant parents. His brother was photographer William Rulofson. As a youth, Rulloff served a two-year jail sentence for embezzlement before moving to Ithaca. Self-educated, Rulloff studied many fields, but excelled at linguistics. In 1869, he presented his theory of language origins "The Method of Languages" to the American Philological Association. He believed his book, "Method in the Formation of Language", would prove to be definitive. 
Rulloff was accused of many crimes during his lifetime. Notably, he was accused of beating his wife and daughter to death as well as poisoning his sister-in-law and niece. He spent time in prison on several occasions but was always released due to a dearth of evidence against him. Rulloff moved about Upstate New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio for several years. In 1870, Rulloff was sentenced to death for the murder of a store clerk named Frederick Merrick, in Binghamton, New York.
Due to his fame as a linguist, some people believed that Rulloff's life should be spared so that he could continue to contribute to that field of study. Mark Twain satirically wrote an editorial, proposing that another individual be hanged in Rulloff's place. Rulloff's execution was the last public hanging in New York. His last words were "Hurry it up! I want to be in hell in time for dinner." After his death, a Cornell University professor, Burt Wilder, declared Rulloff's brain to be the largest on record. It can be seen on display as part of the Wilder Brain Collection.
References.
Edmund Pearson "Instigation of the Devil" (New York, London: Charles Scribners' Sons, 1930), Chapter XXI: "The "Learned" Murderer", p.   255-264, 354.

</doc>
<doc id="21629927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629927" title="Laura Alleway">
Laura Alleway

Laura Colleen Gloria Alleway (born 28 November 1989) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Brisbane Roar in the Australian W-League. She made her debut for the national team in 2010. 
In January 2012 Alleway and Collette McCallum agreed to join English club Lincoln Ladies for the 2012 FA WSL season. Alleway's move to Lincoln was derailed by visa problems in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21629937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629937" title="Inner Views">
Inner Views

Inner Views is the only album by American singer Sonny Bono as a solo artist, released in November 1967 by Atco Records.
Album history.
Following the success of Sonny and Cher, Bono released his first and only solo album, "Inner Views", in 1967. "Inner Views" consists of five tracks and has a limited running time of 33 minutes.
Unlike his then-wife Cher, Bono's attempt as a solo artist was unsuccessful (at the time of the release of "Inner Views", Cher had released three successful albums and was simultaneously releasing her fourth album, "With Love, Cher"). Although Bono had some mild success with his 1965 single "Laugh At Me", "Inner Views" did not chart on "Billboard".
"Inner Views" does have a historical note, having a one-page ad in the first "Rolling Stone" magazine on November 9, 1967.
CD release.
In 1999, Rhino HandMade released "Inner Views" on a limited 1500 series which included 11 supplementary tracks. The limited-edition CD gathered all of Bono's recordings on Atco during the 1960s. In 2005, Collectors' Choice Music released the original five-track pressing without any bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21629947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629947" title="Grönköpings Veckoblad">
Grönköpings Veckoblad

Grönköpings Veckoblad is a Swedish satirical monthly magazine. The name translates as ""The Grönköping Weekly"", Grönköping being a fictional Swedish town. Founded in 1902 by Hasse Zetterström as a supplement to Söndags-Nisse, it became an independent magazine in 1916. The name Grönköping predates the Magazine; it was first used by Albert Engström as a headline for some of his drawings in 1895. The current editor in chief is Ulf Schöldström.
The parody language Transpiranto, a caricature of Esperanto, was introduced in a 1929 article by Nils Hasselskog, "World language in Grönköping's school" ("Världsspråk i Grönköpings skola").
Grönköping has been characterized as a Sweden in miniature. Using bombastic and anachronistic language while purporting to describe and analyse current events in a serious manner, Grönköpings Veckoblad has become a Swedish institution and a standard for what is considered good satire.

</doc>
<doc id="21629961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21629961" title="Maika Ruyter-Hooley">
Maika Ruyter-Hooley

Maika Ruyter-Hooley (born 4 December 1987) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="21630000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630000" title="Daniela Digiammarco">
Daniela Digiammarco

Daniela Digiammarco (born 5 September 1976) is a football (soccer) player, who played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League, before becoming their assistant coach in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21630005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630005" title="Reed Alexander">
Reed Alexander

Reed Alexander is an American actor and healthy-living advocate from Boca Raton, Florida. He is best known for his role as Nevel Papperman on Nickelodeon's iCarly. A food blog begun in 2009 turned into a second career as a spokesman for healthy eating habits.
He appeared in "Will & Grace" for which he was nominated for Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Television Series (Comedy) – Guest Starring Actor. He was also in 2009's direct-to-video telefilm "".
Alexander has been a spokesperson for the American Heart Association and Clinton Foundation's anti-obesity program called Alliance for a Healthier Generation, and has been involved in promoting Michelle Obama's Let's Move! initiative, and has been credited with being able to get healthy eating messages to young audiences. He has published website on healthy eating geared towards young people and a book, "KewlBites: 100 Nutritious, Delicious, and Family-Friendly Dishes" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="21630014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630014" title="The Tragically Hip discography">
The Tragically Hip discography

This is the discography of Canadian rock band, The Tragically Hip. Through 2013, the Kingston, Ontario group has released thirteen studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, and two video albums. They have also released one extended play, and a boxed set.
There is also a series of Live albums, sold exclusively through their website under the title "Live from the Vault".

</doc>
<doc id="21630031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630031" title="Kenmil Place">
Kenmil Place

Kenmil Place in Kentucky was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. Although the house was Italianate in style until its renovation in 1923, it is significant for its Classical Revival style, popular in Kentucky from 1895 until 1950. The building's Italianate incarnation was built in 1869, and the house was known as Brighton.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in February, 2009.
The property was the Highlighted Property of the Week when the National Park Service released its weekly list of February 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21630044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630044" title="Bronwyn Nutley">
Bronwyn Nutley

Bronwyn Nutley (born 22 June 1983) is an Australian football (soccer) player, formally of Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="21630050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630050" title="Fort Stikine">
Fort Stikine

Fort Stikine was a fur trade post and fortification in what is now the Alaska Panhandle, at the site of the present-day of Wrangell, Alaska, United States. Originally built as the Redoubt San Dionisio or Redoubt Saint Dionysius ( or , r "Fort" or "Redut Svyataya Dionisiya") in 1834, the site was transferred to the British-owned Hudson's Bay Company as part of a lease signed in the region in 1838, and renamed Fort Stikine when turned into a Hudson's Bay Company post in 1839. The post was closed and decommissioned by 1843 but the name remained for the large village of the Stikine people which had grown around it, becoming known as Shakesville in reference to its ruling Chief Shakes by the 1860s. With the Alaska Purchase of 1867, the fortification became occupied by the US Army and was renamed Fort Wrangel, a reference to Baron von Wrangel, who had been Governor of Russian America when the fort was founded. The site today is now part of the city of Wrangell.
History.
Background.
By a decree of Emperor Paul I known as the Ukase of 1799, the Russian Empire had in 1799 asserted ownership of the Pacific coast and adjoining lands of North America as far south as the 55th degree of latitude, with Novo-Arkhangelsk, today's Sitka, Alaska, founded shortly thereafter. In 1821, Emperor Alexander issued another ukase which extended the Russian claim south to 51 degrees north, also forbidding foreign vessels from approaching within 100 Italian miles of any Russian settlement. Other powers protested and the line was withdrawn to "the line of the Emperor Paul", 55 degrees north, with parallel treaties with the United States and Great Britain (in 1824 and 1825 respectively) adjusting that southwards slightly to 54 degrees 40 minutes north so as to include all of Prince of Wales Island within Russian territory.
Redoubt Saint Dionysius.
Under the Russo-British Treaty of 1825 (Treaty of St. Petersburg) establishing that boundary, and also establishing a land boundary northwards following the summit of the mountains, ten marine leagues from the coast, British rights to the Interior were guaranteed by Russia, along with the right of navigation of the Taku and Stikine Rivers, which were (and largely still are) the only access to those regions of what is now northern British Columbia. In 1833 Peter Skene Ogden went up the Stikine on reconnaissance and found the river too shallow for the HBC's sailing vessels. In 1834, under orders from John McLoughlin, Chief Factor of the Columbia Department of the HBC, based at Fort Vancouver, Ogden returned on the brig "Dryad" with the mission of establishing trade and a fort in the Stikine hinterland. The expedition was met with armed opposition from the Russian-American Company, under Baron Wrangel's orders, near the river's mouth. During the ensuing confrontation and what would become a naval standoff, with the ships "Chichagof" and "Orel" dispatched from Sitka, Ogden and his men were driven off and Hudson's Bay Company stores, intended for trade and the establishment of the upriver post, were seized. Captain Lieutenant Dionysius Zarembo, commander of the "Chichagof", under further orders, established a fortification on Zarembo Island which was named the Redoubt Saint Dionysius, also known as the Redoubt San Dionisio, to prevent further British attempts at access to the Stikine, control of which was seen to be contrary to the interests of the local fur trade on which Sitka depended.
Anglo-Russian Convention of 1838.
When news of the confrontation reached Fort Vancouver, McLoughlin was outraged and quickly sent word to company HQ in London. In the ensuing diplomatic confrontation, resulting from Britain pressing indemnities on Russia for damages relating to the seizure and actions contrary to the treaty of 1825, Baron von Wrangel was forced out of office in disgrace because of the great cost in both money and prestige to the Empire. A treaty signed in 1838, known as the Anglo-Russian Convention, paid out a negotiated indemnity to Great Britain and also established the British right to build and maintain posts at the mouths of the Taku and Stikine as well as established a lease of the mainland and adjoining islands - the "lisière" from Cross Sound south to 54 degrees 40 minutes north. In return for this lease, Britain would supply so many furs per annum to the Russian-American Company. Also included in the arrangement was an extension and expansion of shipments of vegetable, dairy and meat produce from the settlements of the HBC at Forts Langley, Nisqually and Vancouver (see Pugets Sound Agricultural Company).
Establishment of Fort Stikine.
The following year, in 1839, James Douglas, later to be Chief Factor himself and also Governor of both Vancouver Island and British Columbia colonies, was sent north by McLoughlin to establish "Fort Stickeen" and what was formally called Fort Durham, but usually known as Fort Taku, or just Taku, under various spellings. Confrontations with the local group of Tlingit, the "Shtakeen Kwaan" ("Stikine Tribe") under Chief Shakes, near whose ceremonial clan house the fort had been erected, concderning control of the fur trade of the Stikine Country, led to the relocation of the principal village of that tribe to the location of the fort, and agreements with Shakes regarding control of trade in relation to other Tlingit groups and the inland Athapaskan peoples (the Tahltan, primarily) with whom the Stikines had long-standing agreements. Still, other tribes including the Haida, Nisga'a and Tsimshian traded at the post, with complicated consequences.
Fort Stikine and the slave trade.
Much to the chagrin and horror of the company staff in charge of the post, the logistics of the fur trade resulted in an unexpected effect - an escalation of the slave trade by the Haida and Tlingits, with an accompanying rise in warfare and raiding against southern tribes (and each other) to provide goods for the purchase of furs to re-sell to the Hudson's Bay post. This, and the declining price of furs, and also the viability of the local supply, led to a decision by the company's Governor Simpson, after an 1841 visit, to close the northern posts, plus Fort McLoughlin farther south (near today's Bella Bella, to consolidate northern operations at Fort Simpson, located first near the mouth of the Nass, then at a more strategic location near today's Prince Rupert, off the mouth of the Skeena (today's Lax Kw'alaams).
Death of John McLoughlin, Jr..
The second Chief Trader appointed to Fort Stikine was the son of Chief Factor McLoughlin, John McLoughlin, Jr.. Unsuited to the appointment, the younger McLoughlin was unpopular with some of the Metis among the staff, who killed him in what was alleged by them to have been in self-defense at his drunken rage. Kanaka (Hawaiian) employees who witnessed the killing were to testify otherwise, and to allege that the rebel staff, led by one Urbain Heroux, had conspired with the local Tlingits to seize the post. Because the murder had happened on ostensibly Russian soil, the usual laws governing the Company and its staff, which were those of the Colony of Canada where the company's North American headquarters were, Heroux and the others were taken to Sitka for trial, and were ultimately released for lack of evidence. Governor Simpson, on his visit to the Russian American capital, was surprised to encounter Heroux at liberty on the streets of that town, but under Russian law the accused were free until convicted. Heroux was to live out his life in the Columbia District, but John Jr.'s death was said to be one of the factors embittering his father against the Company and his increasing sentiments and actions in favour of the American claim to what was becoming known as the Oregon Country.
Shakesville and Buck Choquette.
In the company's absence, Chief Shakes took control of the post and of the Stikine River trade. Discovery of gold in the Queen Charlotte Islands in 1850, and then in the Thompson Country and Fraser Canyon in the later 1850s, led to wider encroachments and exploration by whites far beyond the locus of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush of 1858-1861. One intrepid adventurer, Alexander "Buck" Choquette, originally from Quebec and who had been in the California goldfields, had already explored in the area of the Nass and other rivers between there and the Stikine. Equipped with an acquired proficiency in the Chinook Jargon, Choquette was at Fort Victoria when he met some of Shakes' people and persuaded them to bring him with them to the Stikine and what was left of Fort Stikine, which had by then become known as Shakesville (though still also referred to as Fort Stikine despite the absence of a formal post or a Chief Trader). Choquette was to earn the respect of Shakes and also the hand of his daughter Georgiana (or Georgie) as his wife, with the marriage consecrated according to the elaborate ceremonials of Tlingit custom.
Stikine Gold Rush.
In the spring of 1861, Choquette set out on a canoe trip up the Stikine with his wife and ten warriors of the Stikines to prospect for gold, discovering it at what has been known as Buck Bar since, just southwest of Telegraph Creek (the gold-rush settlement at Telegraph Creek was, in fact, known as Buck's Bar until the construction era of the unfinished Collins Overland Telegraph). When word of Choquette's discovery reached the other goldfields and the colonial capitals, the Stikine Gold Rush was launched and hordes of men sought out the Stikine, with Fort Stikine aka Shakesville become an important port-of-call for steamboats now bound for the river's many gold-bearing bars. In response to the influx of miners, most of them (but not all) American, Governor Douglas decreed the creation of the Stikine Territory, covering the lands inland from Russian American between the line of the Nass and Finlay Rivers north to the 62nd parallel to prevent American feared American annexation of the region, just as he had created the Colony of British Columbia in similar circumstances and had witnessed the loss of the Oregon Country to American settlers previously.
Experienced from goldfields elsewhere, Choquette knew more money was to be made in provision of goods and supplies to the miner than in the workings themselves, and obtained rights to sell Hudson's Bay Company wares both at his upriver post and at a revived trading post at Shakesville. Choquette was to maintain this post in an uneasy relationship with the Hudson's Bay Company, as well as his store upriver, which relocated at various times depending on fluctuations in the activity of the rush.
Although exploration and some mining continued, the rush was well over by 1867, when the United States purchased Alaska from the Russian Empire. Despite the profitability of American trade and a wider range of goods, Choquette was faced with the decision of retaining the Hudson's Bay Company license and the freedom from American taxation that came with it by moving to just within British territory, which is to say, ten marine leagues upriver (approximately 30 km). Choosing a site opposite the Great Glacier, Choquette opened another store near the confluence of what became known as the Choquette River near the Stikine Hot Springs (see also Boundary Range). In time, Choquette would be given charge of a customs post and Hudson's Bay outlet, though opted eventually to remain at his preferred location, which he named Ice Mountain (his name for the Great Glacier).
Fort Wrangel.
With Choquette's departure, and the British flag with him, which had flown over his store at Shakesville, American troops took over the old fortification of Fort Stikine, renaming it Fort Wrangel. It was the second US Army post established in Alaska, the first being Fort Tongass on Tongass Island, immediately north of 54°40′, but which was abandoned by 1870 as being of little real strategic or commercial value, as it was Fort Wrangel which controlled the main access inland and was therefore more viable as a customs port for the region, and Britain had shown no signs of military support for the claims that British Columbia had been making for its rights to the leased portion of the Panhandle, which had in any case been overtaken by American fishing, cannery and mining operations in the immediate aftermath of the Purchase.
Fort Wrangel again became a source of tension between American and British authorities in the region when more gold was discovered near Dease Lake in 1870, leading to the Cassiar Gold Rush of 1871. Once again thousands of miners poured into and through Fort Wrangel, and the US authorities attempted to exert control over British-registered shipping heading for the Stikine. A compromise was reached, and the confrontation derailed and prevented from escalating into warfare over the region. After the Cassiar rush was over, Fort Wrangel remained as one of the main US military installations in the region, and was again to play a strategic as well as a commercial role in relation to the Stikine's use as one of the lesser routes to the Klondike from 1897 and the mounting tensions of the Alaska Boundary Dispute, which was resolved by arbitration in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="21630052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630052" title="Clarence Sondern House">
Clarence Sondern House

The Clarence Sondern House is a historic residence located at 3600 Belleview Ave in the Roanoke neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri.
History.
Clarence Sondern commissioned Frank Lloyd Wright to design the home in 1939, and it was constructed in 1940. The Sondern House is single level with a flat roof in Wright's classic Usonian style. Masonry sections provide the support for many walls of glass. There are long overhang on many portions of the house and a carport for the family's vehicle. This was the first home on which Jack Howe supervised the construction. The original construction was small in size, at just over .
The second owner of the home, Arnold Adler, hired Wright in 1948 to design an addition to the original structure. The addition included a new entry area, additional carports, a large dining room, and a living area with fireplace. An additional bedroom and baths were also added, bringing the total size of the house to . Since the home was built near a hill, the expanded living room was built a few steps down from the rest of the house, allowing for a higher ceiling and clerestory windows. The addition continued the use of tidewater cypress for the exterior and interior woodwork.

</doc>
<doc id="21630055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630055" title="Maps of the Saints">
Maps of the Saints

"Maps of the Saints" was first released in 1999 through Summersteps Records on cassette and CD-R. It was re-issued in 2003. The liner notes and packaging were laid out by Ted Baird, who would later join the band as a musician. The relief print by Cassie Rose Kobeski on the cover is entitled "Sunday Dinner".
Reception.
Allmusic writer John D. Luerssen noted various influences on the album, from The Beatles to Robyn Hitchcock. Luerssen also praised the ballads "Firecracker Girls" and "Matchsticks Dance". Writer Matt Fink, also of Allmusic, compared the album's lo-fi style and "off-the-wall songcraft" to Robert Pollard. 
Tom Schulte of "Skratch Magazine" described a contrast between songs on the album, some which "bask in a harsh sun of feedback and distortion . . . while others display a sad and somewhat psychedelic mood."
Track listing.
"All songs written by Eric Schlittler, except as listed"

</doc>
<doc id="21630068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630068" title="Ross Elementary School">
Ross Elementary School

Ross Elementary School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21630078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630078" title="Ludwig von Urlichs">
Ludwig von Urlichs

Karl Ludwig von Urlichs (November 9, 1813 – November 3, 1889) was a German philologist and archaeologist born in Osnabrück. He was the father of archaeologist Heinrich Ludwig Urlichs (1864-1935).
He received his education at the University of Bonn, where he was a student of Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker (1784-1868). Afterwards he travelled throughout Sicily and Italy; in Rome he collaborated with other German scholars on the multi-volume "Beschreibung der Stadt Rom" (1829–1842). In 1840 he returned to Bonn, where in 1841 we was co-founder and first chronicler of the "Vereins von Altertumsfreunden im Rheinlande". In 1844 he became an associate professor at the University of Bonn.
In 1847 he was appointed professor of classical philology at the University of Greifswald, subsequently becoming a member of the "Preußischen Abgeordnetenhauses" (Prussian House of Representatives) and of the Erfurt Union. In 1855 he relocated to the University of Würzburg as chair of classical philology and aesthetics. He specialized in classical pottery and ancient sculpture, and at Würzburg was in charge of the large collection of art and antiques at the Martin von Wagner Museum.
He died in Würzburg.
Among his numerous publications was an important work on the landmarks of ancient Rome titled "Codex Urbis Romae topographicus" (1871), and an 1863 monograph on the life and works of the Greek sculptor Skopas called "Skopas: Leben und Werke".

</doc>
<doc id="21630080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630080" title="Louisa Bisby">
Louisa Bisby

Louisa Bisby (born 1 June 1979) is an Australian football (soccer) player, born in England, who last played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League, and with the Matildas representing Australia. A knee injury ended Bisby's 2012 season with Melbourne Victory in October.

</doc>
<doc id="21630086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630086" title="Integrated High Performance Turbine Engine Technology">
Integrated High Performance Turbine Engine Technology

The Integrated High Performance Turbine Engine Technology program was a project of the United States military. Its objective was to conduct science and technology research that would secure advancements in the engineering of the gas turbine engines used in military aircraft. It ran from 1987 until 2005.
IHPTET designated goals in each of three engine classes: turbofan/turbojet, turboprop/turboshaft, and expendable engines. For the turbofan class the primary goal was to double the engine thrust-to-weight ratio.
The program made many significant developments which have been employed in such aircraft as the F-35 / Joint Strike Fighter. It was firmly regarded as successful although it did not fully achieve its explicit goals. It was succeeded by the Versatile Affordable Advanced Turbine Engines (VAATE) program.

</doc>
<doc id="21630089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630089" title="National Labour Congress">
National Labour Congress

The National Labour Congress (NLC) is the sole national trade union centre of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The affiliated unions of the NLC are: Commercial, Technical and Allied Workers Union, the St. Vincent and the Grenadines Teachers' Union, Public Service Union, the National Workers Movement (NWM), the LIAT Workers' Union, the Windward Islands Farmers' Association, the Nurses' Association and the Medical Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21630099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630099" title="Milton Van Dyke">
Milton Van Dyke

Milton Denman Van Dyke (August 1, 1922 – May 10, 2010) was Professor of the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics at Stanford University. He was known for his work in fluid dynamics, especially with respect to the use of perturbation analysis in aerodynamics. His often-cited book "An Album of Fluid Motion" presents a collection of about 400 selected black-and-white photographs of flow visualization in experiments, received – on his request – from researchers all over the world.
Together with Bill Sears, Milton founded the Annual Review of Fluid Mechanics, in 1969, for which he was an editor until 2000.
Biography.
He was the son of James and Ruth (Barr) Van Dyke.
He studied Engineering Sciences at Harvard University, from 1940 until 1943. Thereafter he started working at NACA Ames Laboratory. After the Second World War, Milton went to Caltech, to obtain his MS in 1947 and PhD (magna cum laude) in 1949. A second period at Ames Laboratory followed. During this period, Milton was awarded a Guggenheim fellowship and Fulbright grant, which he used to spend the 1954–55 academic year working with George Batchelor at Cambridge University. He was a visiting professor at the University of Paris in the 1958–59 academic year, then in 1959 he was appointed as a professor at the new Aerodynamics department of Stanford University.
He married Sylvia Jean Agard Adams in 1962 and the couple would eventually have six children. In 1976, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
He was the director of Parabolic Press, an independent publisher of engineering books.

</doc>
<doc id="21630108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630108" title="Driver's manual">
Driver's manual

The driver's manual is a guide book—usually small in size—that provides basic information to help new drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="21630112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630112" title="James Howard (writer)">
James Howard (writer)

James Howard (also known as Jim Howard)(b. 1956 in Sacramento, California) is a screenwriter, poet, computer game creator, and author.
Biography.
James Howard worked from 1980 to 2010 as a writer for Hallmark Cards, where he created the multi-player game "You Guessed It!" for the CompuServe network and the first known e-greetings of the pre-Internet era for local cable and videotex systems.
Howard's screenwriting credits include Big Bad Love (2001) and Dawn Anna (2005), both co-written with his brother, the actor/director Arliss Howard.
As Jim Howard, he has published poems in small journals such as New Letters and The Texas Observer, and in the anthologies "From A to Z: 200 Contemporary American Poets", "Voices From The Interior", and "Anthology of Magazine Verse & Yearbook of American Poetry". An excerpt from his screenplay for "Big Bad Love" was published as a poem in The Capitola Review. His essays and short prose pieces have been published in "Paragraphs" magazine and "My Bug".
He is author of the Hallmark books "Little Glimpses of Good" (2008) and "I'll Be Me and You Be You" (2010) under the name Jim Howard; a book of political humor, "The Tea Party Guide to Being a Real American" (2011) under the pseudonym Roland Boyle; and the blogs "Spulge Nine" and "Tea Bastard."
Howard is the father of three children and is married to the writer Penny Krugman. They live in Kansas City.

</doc>
<doc id="21630113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630113" title="Stephanie Tanti">
Stephanie Tanti

Stephanie Tanti (born 22 January 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player, formally of Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="21630138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630138" title="Sophie Hogben">
Sophie Hogben

Sophie Hogben (born 9 March 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="21630141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630141" title="Arizona League rosters">
Arizona League rosters

Below are the full rosters and coaching staff of the 10 teams of Minor League Baseball's Arizona League.

</doc>
<doc id="21630142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630142" title="Drosera browniana">
Drosera browniana

Drosera browniana is a perennial tuberous species in the genus "Drosera" that is endemic to Western Australia. It grows in a rosette about 3 to 4 cm in diameter. It is a common species in an area from Mount Holland to Hatters Hill along the greenstone belt northwest of Esperance. It grows in loam soils in wet zones near granite outcrops. It flowers from August to September. It is considered to be related to "D. bulbosa". It was first formally described by Allen Lowrie and N. G. Marchant in 1992 and named in honour of Andrew Brown, who discovered this species' first population.

</doc>
<doc id="21630158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630158" title="Pleasant Valley, Michigan">
Pleasant Valley, Michigan

Pleasant Valley may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="21630161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630161" title="Everybody's Fine (1990 film)">
Everybody's Fine (1990 film)

"Everybody's Fine" (, literally "They're all fine") is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Tornatore who co-wrote the screenplay with Tonino Guerra and Massimo De Rita.
It won the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury (Giuseppe Tornatore) and was nominated for Golden Palm (Giuseppe Tornatore) at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival. It also won the David di Donatello Awards for David Best Music (Ennio Morricone) and the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists for Silver Ribbon Best Original Story (Giuseppe Tornatore).
The movie has recently been released on DVD, with only French subtitles.
Plot.
Matteo Scuro, a retired Sicilian bureaucrat and opera buff, has been stood up by his five adult children during the summer vacation, all of whom live in various cities on the Italian mainland with what he believes are responsible jobs. Despite their not visiting and the neighbours' criticisms, he remains optimistic, considering that his children could not come because they are too busy. His children are named after popular opera characters, Tosca for Puccini's Tosca, Canio for Leoncavallo's Pagliacci, Norma for Bellini's Norma, Guglielmo for Rossini's Guglielmo Tell and Alvaro for Verdi's La forza del destino. 
He decides to surprise each of them with a visit, traveling by train, and finds none of them as he imagined, with each of his children seeming to reflect the opera character after whom they were named. Matteo's train journeys take him to Naples, Rome, Florence, Milan and Turin to search for each of his children; he even spends one night on the streets among the homeless. Before his arrival at each of their homes, each of his grown children scramble to put on a facade to cover up their personal failings: One daughter's ex-husband temporarily moves back in with her and their child. A son who lost his University professorship temporarily moves back into his old office. Another daughter hides the fact that she works as a lingerie model, etc. Finally, after visiting all his children, Scuro returns to Sicily, visits his wife's grave, and reports to her with irony that their children are all fine.
The film was remade in 2009 with an American setting.

</doc>
<doc id="21630168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630168" title="Ursula Hughson">
Ursula Hughson

Ursula Hughson (born 16 April 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who formerly played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="21630191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630191" title="Enza Barilla">
Enza Barilla

Enza Barilla (born 10 April 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League. Enza also plays for Bundoora United FC, along with fellow Victory players Gulcan Koca and Rachel Alonso. 

</doc>
<doc id="21630194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630194" title="Eucalyptus (disambiguation)">
Eucalyptus (disambiguation)

Eucalyptus (From Greek, ευκάλυπτος meaning "well covered" referring to the flower bud) is a diverse genus of flowering trees in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.
Eucalyptus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21630242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630242" title="Sissoi Veliky">
Sissoi Veliky

Sissoi Veliky (Russian: Сисой Великий) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21630244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630244" title="Football West State League 2008">
Football West State League 2008

Changes from previous season.
From Premier League 2007, relegated to State League Division 1 : Wanneroo City
Promoted from State League Division 1 in 2007: Fremantle Spirit

</doc>
<doc id="21630257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630257" title="Paddleball (disambiguation)">
Paddleball (disambiguation)

Paddle ball is a one-person toy played with an attached ball and paddle.
Paddleball may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21630263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630263" title="Zhengzhou Ostrich Park">
Zhengzhou Ostrich Park

The Zhengzhou Ostrich Park is an ostrich farm, founded on December 18, 1997, engaging in breeding and production, with a recreation park area. The area of this park is more than 1420 mu, which is the largest breeding base for ostrich. It is located in the east development zone of Zhengzhou in Henan Province.
History.
On March 29, 1998, the Henan General Supply and Marketing Cooperative Department invested more than 10 million RMB to import 240 African Black Ostriches. This park that has the largest population of ostrich in Asia. At that time, Zhengzhou Ostrich Park mainly cultivated ostriches to produce large amount of ostrich meat and eggs to satisfy the market demand. Later in 2004, due to the high aesthetic value of the ostrich, the park was officially opened to the public as to promote eco-tourism. Recreation facilities, such as the racetrack, grass skating court and the aerial cable wapway were set and put into practice.
Entertainment.
In Zhengzhou Ostrich Park, there are many interesting activities with ostriches. It is also possible the passengers to feed the ostriches. Besides, there is a labyrinth in the centre of the ostrich park. The person who passes the labyrinth first will get a pride--- an ostrich egg. What is more, aerial wapway, artificial lake, water park, snack street, rock climbing, and bungee jumping are set in the park. Games are held by the park every weekend, such as boating, climbing. Winners will get the ostrich eggs as the award. In summer, the Park has some discount for the students. Students can get a half price to get in by bringing their student cards.

</doc>
<doc id="21630271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630271" title="Alexandre Sheldon-Duplaix">
Alexandre Sheldon-Duplaix

Alexandre Sheldon-Duplaix (born 1963) is a French naval historian.
Family, Early Life, and Education.
The son of an American father and a French mother, Alexandre Sheldon Duplaix has dual American and French citizenships. He graduated from the Paris Institute of Political Science (Diplômé de l'Institut d'études politiques de Paris) and holds a MA in history and two predoctoral dissertations in history and political science from the Sorbonne.
Academic Career as a Researcher.
For twelve years until 1999, he worked as a naval analyst under contract with the French Navy before joining the naval section of French Defence Historical Service (Service historique de la Défense, Département Marine), located in the Château de Vincennes, near Paris. Since 2001, he has lectured on naval history at the French Joint Defense Staff College (Collège Interarmées de Défense) in Paris and at the Combat Systems and Naval Weapons School near Toulon (École des systèmes de combat et armes navales).

</doc>
<doc id="21630275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630275" title="Omar Barboza">
Omar Barboza

Omar Enrique Barboza Gutiérrez is the president of the Venezuelan political party Un Nuevo Tiempo (A New Era) in opposition to Nicolás Maduro, the current President of Venezuela.
In February 2009 a constitutional amendment to remove term limits on public offices in Venezuela was approved 54% of voters in the Venezuelan constitutional referendum, 2009. Barboza said "We're democrats. We accept the results," to The Associated Press, but claimed that the results were skewed by Hugo Chávez's broad use of state resources to win the vote, through state-run news media, political pressure on 2 million public employees and frequent presidential speeches ("cadenas") which all television stations in Venezuela are required to air, and added that "Effectively this will become a dictatorship."

</doc>
<doc id="21630278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630278" title="Nueva Ilussion">
Nueva Ilussion

Nueva Ilussion (Eng.: "New Illusion") is the first studio album released by Mexican band Majestad de la Sierra. The album was supposed to be released in late December but was pushed back to March 10, 2009.
Background.
Before the band was made Beto Durán, Luis Diaz and 5 other people were secretly recording the album without anyone knowing except Miguel Galindo the lead vocalist from K-Paz de la Sierra.
Track listing.
from walmart.com:

</doc>
<doc id="21630283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630283" title="Dahe Daily">
Dahe Daily

Dahe Daily (Chinese: 大河报) is the No.1 newspaper market brand in Henan province, moreover, as a result, has entered one of the one hundred World’s most distinguished journals, ranking fourth on comprehensive competitiveness of China's newspaper.
History.
Dahe Daily was established on August 1, 1995 by the Henan Daily Newspaper Group. As a comprehensive newspaper reflecting daily city life, it aims to "concerning about the people's livelihood, promoting fashion, getting close to life, and serving the public".
Survey.
Dahe daily are published 80 editions in the form of quarto color printing, thereinto 64 editions are designed for national version, and meanwhile 16 editions are emitted for Zhengzhou city, the provincial capital of Henan province. There is a circulation of 1,000,000 copies in China per day; thereinto 400,000 copies are issued in Zhengzhou city. As a crucial channel of advertising, Dahe Daily brings in 430 million RMB.
Edition.
National Edition: Based on Henan province, paying close attention to domestic and international major events about society, economy, politics, military affairs, culture and sports news, promoting justice and criticizing global affairs
Zhengzhou City Edition: Focusing on the provincial capital, reporting news that are close to people, making tracks for hot topics, concerning about the people’s livelihood, advocating fashion consumption.
Sub-press.
In recent years, Dahe Daily is not limited to simply follow a comprehensive metropolitan line, except for Dahe Daily, the Dahe Fortune, Dahe Digest and Dahe Health are established and published as its sub-presses.
Dahe Fortune is a sort of Financial Weekly (Newspapers for Sunday, issued on Friday) issued by the Dahe Daily. It focuses on financial tendencies, making perspective on economic situation, commenting on success or failure of business cases, keeping eyes on entrepreneur groups, highlighting the entrepreneurial spirit. With the feature of informative, readable, and high reading rate, Dahe Daily has covered Henan Province intensively.
Dahe Health focuses on the health care of people and the current medical affairs. It Contains “medical information”, “health in life”, “healthy diet” and other parts that are relevant to regimen. It publishes on every Tuesday.
Dahe Digest (issues on Thursday) is a collection of news, fictions, current affairs and jokes that are chosen from other newspapers and magazines. It caters to people from different social stratifications.
Circulation.
The number of readers of Dahe Daily has reached 130 million. Distributing at the whole Henan province and the cities in other provinces, all readers can buy Dahe Daily expediently because of the setting of more than 300 distribution sites and the sophisticated team of over 6000 delivery boys. Dahe Daily not only issues in counties in Henan province, but also radiates information to other cities and countries out of Henan. In Zhengzhou, there is a copy of Dahe Daily in every six people, (5 jiao per copy) which ranks first in congener newspaper coverage density in Henan Province. Now Dahe Daily gives an increasingly important influence on cities and countries in other provinces. Dahe Daily has become a symbol of Henan newspaper and the prime print media for foreign enterprises showing their corporate images and expanding the future market.

</doc>
<doc id="21630322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630322" title="Stephen Schaffer">
Stephen Schaffer

Stephen Schaffer is a film editor who has worked on several films produced by Pixar. At the 59th American Cinema Editors Awards, he won an ACE Award for Best Edited Feature Film – Comedy or Musical for "WALL-E"; this marked the first time the award went to the editor of an animated film.

</doc>
<doc id="21630336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630336" title="Blue Plate Building">
Blue Plate Building

The Blue Plate Building, is a building in the Gert Town section of New Orleans, Louisiana, at 1315 S. Jefferson Davis Parkway at the corner of Earhart Boulevard. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16, 2008. Its NRIS reference number is 08000989.
Built in 1941 in the Streamline Moderne style, it was originally a mayonnaise factory. It was designed by architect August Perez in the art moderne style, a close cousin of art deco known for its curving forms, long horizontal lines and "streamlined" appearance. Vacant since Hurricane Katrina in 2005, it is being redeveloped into a 72 unit apartment building [http://www.nola.com/business/index.ssf/2009/01/former_blue_plate_fine_foods_b.html].

</doc>
<doc id="21630337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630337" title="MOL Liga">
MOL Liga

The MOL Liga is an international ice hockey league organized for clubs based in Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia. It is sponsored by the Hungarian petrolchemical concern MOL Group. 
The games played between the Hungarian teams count towards the Hungarian National Championship in the OB I bajnokság. The Romanian teams also compete in the Romanian National Championship Liga Naţională.
History.
In the first season the league comprised six Hungarian teams and four Romanian teams. HC Csíkszereda went undefeated in the post season to win the first MOL Liga title. 
In the second season, the number of teams went down to five Hungarian and two Romanian teams. Following the regular season they decided the winner in a final four system. Budapest Stars met Újpesti TE in the final, after they beat SC Csíkszereda and Dab. Docler respectively. Újpest started the match better, taking the lead just after one and a half minute. However, the events took an U-turn and about two hours later it was the Budapest Stars who lifted the trophy, after winning the match 3–1. 

</doc>
<doc id="21630342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630342" title="Dobber">
Dobber

Dobber may refer to:
People with surname Dobber:

</doc>
<doc id="21630371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630371" title="USS Jean (ID-1308)">
USS Jean (ID-1308)

USS "Jean" (ID-1308) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
Construction and service, 1909-1918.
"Jean" was built as the depot collier SS "Jean" in 1909 at Newport News, Virginia, by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company. The United States Army took control of her at Newport News in September 1917 for World War I service under a bareboat charter from her owner, A. H. Bull Steamship Company of New York City. She operated for the Army with a civilian crew, probably in European waters, before returning in August 1918 to Newport News, where she was transferred to the United States Shipping Board on a U.S. Army account.
United States Navy service, 1918-1919.
The U.S. Navy had inspected "Jean" in 1917 for possible naval service, and acquired her from the Shipping Board for World War I service on 30 August 1918. Assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 1308, she was commissioned the same day as USS "Jean" with Lieutenant Commander Daniel A. Sullivan in command.
Assigned to the 5th Naval District under the control of the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Jean" operated on a bareboat charter from A. H. Bull Steamship Company. She took aboard 2,181 tons of general cargo at Norfolk, Virginia, and departed on 30 September 1918 for Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada, to join an Atlantic convoy of American and British ships which departed 7 October 1918 for Bordeaux, France. She was diverted to Brest, France, where she arrived on 21 October 1918 with supplies for war-ravaged Europe. Steaming from Brest on 22 October 1918, "Jean" visited the ports of La Pallice, Bordeaux, and Le Verdon-sur-Mer. She sailed out of Verdon harbor on 3 November 1918 and arrived at Newport News on 24 November 1918. During this voyage, World War I ended on 11 November 1918.
"Jean" refueled, loaded 3,164 tons of cargo, and departed on 30 December 1918 for Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, via Barbados. She arrived at Rio de Janeiro on 27 January 1919, exchanged her cargo of coal for coffee beans, and departed for New York City via Santos, Brazil. She arrived at New York on 20 March 1919 and discharged her cargo.
"Jean" was decommissioned on 15 April 1919 at Hoboken, New Jersey. She was transferred to the Shipping Board that day for simultaneous return to the A. H. Bull Steamship Company.
Later career, 1919-1954.
"Jean" returned to commercial service as SS "Jean". She was renamed SS "Margarita Calafati" in 1926, SS "Gladstone" in 1927, and, under the Latvian flag, SS "Sports" in 1928. "Sports" came under Soviet control when the Soviet Union occupied Latvia in June 1940, and was nationalized and assigned to the Soviet Unions Latvian State Sea Shipping Company on 29 October 1940.
"Sports" was in port at Danzig, Germany, on 22 June 1941, the day that Germany declared war on the Soviet Union. Germany seized her that day and placed her under the German flag as SS "Magdalena". After the end of World War II, "Magdalena" was transferred to the United Kingdom as a war reparation. Once again named SS "Sports" in 1947, the ship later was transferred to the Panamanian flag and remained in commercial service until scrapped in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21630390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630390" title="Volendam Windmill">
Volendam Windmill

Volendam Windmill is a smock mill located on Adamic Hill Road in Holland Township, New Jersey, United States.
The windmill was designed and built in 1965 by Paul Jorgenson. The Volendam Windmill Museum is a working mill driven by wind, used for grinding raw grain into flour. The 60-foot structure is seven stories high with sail arms 68 feet from tip to tip. In 2007, two of the sail arms of the windmill were damaged in a windstorm. As of November 2010, the county's website shows that the museum is closed.
See also.
Hunterdon Plateau

</doc>
<doc id="21630391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630391" title="Nicki Scully">
Nicki Scully

Nicki Scully (née Rudolph) is an author, a shaman and a priestess. She was ordained as a priestess of Hathor by Lady Olivia Robertson, co-founder of the Fellowship of Isis. She has been visiting Egypt since 1978, and has incorporated aspects of Egyptian magic, lore and imagery into her shamanic work. She specializes in spiritual tours to Egypt, Greece, Peru, and what she regards as other sacred power centers, She is the ex-wife of Rock Scully, former manager of the Grateful Dead and they have a daughter named Sage.
Scully also offers philanthropic projects through Sahalie Publishing Company, which was incorporated as a non-profit 501(c)(3) Oregon corporation in 1977. One of its projects, the Animal Circus CD "And You Will Fly" featuring Scully, Roland Barker and Mark Hallert, which was created for children facing potentially terminal diseases, was produced with a grant from the Rex Foundation.
Tribal Alchemy music group.
"Nicki Scully & Tribal Alchemy", a New Age/World music group, was featured at the Hog Farm’s annual “Pig-Nic” in 1995, and as part of “The Celebration of the Psychedelic Sixties” in San Francisco, organized by Reg E. Williams, author of ‘’The Straight on the Haight’’ and founder of the Straight Theatre. They have produced one CD in 1997, entitled "Tribal Alchemy".

</doc>
<doc id="21630396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630396" title="On the Street Where You Live (TV series)">
On the Street Where You Live (TV series)

On the Street Where You Live is a six-part Irish documentary television series broadcast on RTÉ One. It examined six different streets in six different Irish cities, one per episode. The stories are told through local characters who have witnessed great changes come about on the streets of their home city throughout their lifetime. Some footage from the programmes is available to view online at RTÉ.ie. The series was originally aired in January – February 2009 each Friday at 19:30. Each episode is thirty minutes in length and featured streets from the cities of Dublin, Galway, Dundalk, Limerick, Cork and Kilkenny.
Episode list.
Programme one.
The first programme focused on O'Connell Street in Dublin, the capital city of Ireland, and was broadcast on 9 January 2009. It features contributions from Carmel Moran, who lived on the street for thirty-five years and witnessed many events from her sitting room window above the Happy Ring House, Billy Fleming, whose father was a road worker on the street and who himself now drives the Number 11 bus up and down the street several times each day, Herbie Donnelly, who worked in different cinemas on O'Connell Street for fifty-one years until he retired eighteen years before the programme was made, and Pat Liddy, who worked in Aer Lingus on O'Connell Street for thirty years and is now a local historian.
Programme two.
The first programme focused on Shop Street in Galway and was broadcast on 16 January 2009. It features contributions from Mary Bennett, who moved from County Clare to Galway in the late 1950s, built a business empire up from a souvenir stall in the Great Southern Hotel to a popular store (The Treasure Chest) located on Shop Street, Jimmy Griffin, who is a member of the fourth generation of Griffin's Bakers, established in 1876, and Pat McPhilbin, who worked in a bakery on Shop Street as a young boy and now cleans the streets for the Galway Corporation to a soundtrack of classical music.
Programme three.
The third programme focused on Clambrassil Street in Dundalk, County Louth and was broadcast on 23 January 2009. It features contributions from Bernadette Kavanagh, whose grandparents ran Connell's drapery store (one of the oldest shop on the street) and whose brother inherited it, Harry Lee, who worked all his life in the shoe trade only to become a radio show host upon the death of his wife, Eamonn Coleman, who grew up over his father's butcher shop and remembers the car bomb which struck the street in 1975, and Hugh Smyth, a local historian who recalls his childhood memories from Clambrassil Street.
Programme four.
The fourth programme focused on O'Connell Street in Limerick and was broadcast on 30 January 2009. It features contributions from Thecla Hartmann, who met her husband for the first time on O'Connell Street, and later asked him to dance for "Lady's Choice" in Cruises Hotel, Joe Malone, a regular of The White House Pub for approximately fifty years who fought in the Todds fire of 1959, Liam Hanley, whose childhood was spent living over the now demolished Listons Medical Hall on O'Connell Street (run by his father), and Mark Liddy, a local historian and tour guide in Limerick.
Programme five.
The fifth programme focused on Patrick Street in Cork and was broadcast on 6 February 2009. It features contributions from Dick O'Sullivan, a local boy who had various jobs on the street and who played music in one of the shop windows, Louise Lee, who came to Cork during the 1960s and opened a Chinese restaurant on Patrick Street with her husband, Declan Hassett, whose girlfriend discarded him under Mangon's clock only for the relationship to redevelop and for him to later propose marriage to her at that same location and who spent some time working with the "Irish Examiner", and Kay Bermingham, who grew up outside the city but is now a tour guide inside it.
Programme six.
The sixth programme focused on High Street in Kilkenny and was broadcast on 13 February 2009. It features contributions from Pat Shortis, who has received recognition for his charity work and was the Grand Marshall of the 2008 Saint Patrick's Day parade, Anne Ryan, who entered into the family business of an electric shop at seventeen years of age when her mother became unwell, Jim Bourke, who left the priesthood and became a tailor in the family business of a big drapery store and Frank Kavanagh, who has had many different jobs on High Street and was an auxiliary fire fighter but now works in Kilkenny Castle.
Reaction.
The series was well received by critics and the media, with newspapers in cities such as Galway and Limerick advertising the episode in which their street was featured.

</doc>
<doc id="21630483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630483" title="TSHB">
TSHB

Thyroid stimulating hormone, beta also known as TSHB is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "TSHB" gene.
Function.
Thyrotropin-stimulating hormone (TSH) is a noncovalently linked glycoprotein heterodimer and is part of a family of pituitary hormones containing a common alpha subunit (TSHA) and a unique beta subunit (this protein) that confers specificity.

</doc>
<doc id="21630497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630497" title="Heraclianus">
Heraclianus

Heraclianus (, "Herakleianòs"; died at Carthage, March 7, 413) was a provincial governor and a usurper of the Roman Empire (412-413) opposed to Emperor Honorius.
Biography.
Opposition to Priscus Attalus.
The first known act of Heraclianus was the killing of the powerful "Magister militum" Stilicho (August 22, 408) for Emperor Honorius, who wanted to remove his influential general. Honorius rewarded Heraclianus with the appointment to the rank of "Comes Africae", Governor of the important province of Africa, in late 408.
According to Orosius, Heraclianus was sent to Africa in 409. Orosius also states that the Governor of Africa in 408 was "John", who was killed by the people of his province. However, in another account, Zosimus states that Heraclianus was the successor of Bathanarius, brother-in-law of Stilicho, put to death by Honorius.
In 409, with the help of the Visigoths of King Alaric I, Priscus Attalus rebelled against Honorius, whose seat of power was in Ravenna, and set up his own court in Rome. Heraclianus remained loyal to Honorius and tightly controlled African ports to restrict the grain supply to the city of Rome and starve Rome out.
Attalus did not initially send an army in Africa against Heraclianus, as it would have to have been under Visigothic lead. Deceived by false prophecies or moved by his own jealousy of the Visigoths, he sent a lone representative, Constans, counting on his authority alone to depose Heraclianus or convince the provincials to rebel. However, Constans was killed, and Heraclianus sent Honorious the great sum he'd confiscated from the envoys, intended to bribe the local population. Alaric wanted to send an army against Heraclianus under the command of his own man Drumas. But, Attalus opposed this, and Alaric deposed him in 410. As Alaric intended to send a rather small army of only 500 men, it is probable that Heraclianus had only a very small force at his own disposal. However, it is also probable that Heraclianus had the support of the local population, as Emperor Honorius had recently issued a tolerance edict in favour of the Donatists, a Christian sect very popular in Africa.
Usurpation against Honorius.
In 412 Heraclianus was designated for the consulate of the year 413, but in all probability he was never appointed Consul: confident in his own power and instigated by Sabinus, his son-in-law, he rebelled against Honorius and proclaimed himself "Augustus". His first act was to interrupt the grain supply to the city of Rome, as he had successfully done against Priscus Attalus. Next he gathered several ships along with troops to invade Italy. Honorius had Heraclianus and his supporters proclaimed enemies of the State and condemned to death with an edict issued in Ravenna on July 7, 412.
In 413 Heraclianus arrived in Italy with a large army to fight Honorius, but he was defeated and killed. With regards his death, there are two versions: According to some sources, Heraclianus arrived in Italy and moved towards Rome, but he was frightened by the arrival of "Comes" Marinus. He left his army and fled to Carthage, where he was put to death on March 7. The second version sees Heraclius defeated at "Utriculum" (maybe "Oriculum", in Umbria, halfway between Rome and Ravenna), in a battle with 50,000 deaths, then fleeing to Carthage, where he would be put to death by envoys sent by Honorius in the temple of Memoria. Sabinus, Heraclianus' son-in-law, fled to the eastern court at Constantinople but was later sent back and then exiled.
Heraclianus' name does not appear in the "Fasti consulares", the list of all Roman consuls, as Honorius probably revoked his appointment and left Lucius as Consul without colleague. Heraclianus' acts were revoked; his possessions, 2,000 lb of gold and land of the same value, were confiscated and given to Flavius Constantius.
Jerome accused Heraclianus of mistreating those who had fled from Rome to Carthage on the occasion of Attalus' usurpation (Heraclianus imprisoned the noblewomen Anicia Faltonia Proba, Anicia Iuliana and Demetrias, and freed them only after a huge payment), and of being a drunken and corrupt man.

</doc>
<doc id="21630532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630532" title="Henry V of Iron">
Henry V of Iron

Henry V (III) of Iron (; – after 8 April 1369), was a Duke of Żagań since 1342, from 1349 Duke of half-Głogów, and from 1363 Duke of half-Ścinawa.
He was the only son of Henry IV (II) the Faithful, Duke of Żagań, by his wife Matilda, daughter of Herman, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel.
Life.
The young Henry V gained his political experience at the side of his father, taking part in negotiations with his Jan of Ścinawa in 1341, who give Wschowa to them. A year later, the death of his father made Henry V the new ruler of Żagań.
He was nicknamed "of Iron" ("Żelazny") for the consistency and ruthlessness of his acts. Immediately after he took control over the government, Henry V oriented his politics in recover the lost lands during his late father's rule.
In 1343 Henry V refused to pay tribute to Bohemia and tried to recover Głogów, which was occupied by King John of Bohemia after the death of his uncle Przemko II in 1331. At the same time, King Casimir III the Great of Poland using the confusion reigned in Silesia to take Wschowa. In the subsequent conflict and supported his uncles Konrad I of Oleśnica and Jan of Ścinawa, Henry V could forced the retreat of the Polish troops under the walls of Ścinawa. However, thanks to the losses among Konrad I's army, the Polish King could retain the last Greater Poland land in the hands of Henry III's descendants.
Although his defeat wasn't to serious, Henry V sent a message to Casimir III the Great, asking for peace. The Polish troops leave Żagań, and was performed a meeting between the King and Henry V. Casimir III treated him with honors and leave him all the lands who he could occupied during the conflict, except Wschowa.
The conflict with the Polish King prevented Henry V to developed a more strong resistance against King John of Bohemia. An agreement was finally made on 7 June 1344, under which King John give Henry V half of the Duchy of Głogów (however, he only could take formal possession of the land in 1349); in exchange, the Duke of Żagań was forced to declared himself a vassal of Bohemia and paid tribute to King John. The ceremony took place on 23 November of that year in Prague.
The events of 1344 involucred Henry V in the Bohemian politics, and a year later, when war broke out between Silesia and Bohemia, the Duke of Żagań supported his sovereign with troops while he tried to recover Wschowa.
As a vassal of Bohemia, Henry V also participated in many ceremonies and diplomatic activities on behalf of King John and later his son and successor, Charles IV, for example in Charles's coronation on 1 September 1347 in Prague, two years later when he joined to the King's suite in a trip to Avignon and Aachen, and finally in 1355 when he travel to Italy and witnessed the King's imperial coronation in Rome.
The Duke of Żagań's faithful service had his reward in 1351, when, after the death of Bolesław III of Płock (Henry V's brother-in-law) without issue (and according to the 1329 treaty signed between King John of Bohemia and Duke Wenceslaus of Płock), the Emperor enfeoffed him with his Duchy. However, the quick actions of King Casimir III the Great, who immediately after Bolesław III's death took control over Płock, prevented Henry V to obtain this land.
In 1356, together with Nicholas the Small, Duke of Ziębice, Henry V was involved in a diplomatic mission to Constantinople, where he took part in the pilgrimage to Palestine.
Upon his return Henry V extend his possessions. He purchased (mostly to Jan of Ścinawa) the towns of Nowogród Bobrzański, Ryczeń, half of Ścinawa, and the area between the Odra River and Barycz called Międzyrzecze. Another success was the purchase of the half of Góra after Jan's death by 1365. Shortly after, Henry V paid the sum of 600 fine silver to his only surviving uncle, Konrad I of Oleśnica, for his rights over that lands.
In 1360 the relations between Henry V and Emperor Charles IV began to deteriorated. One of the reasons was that the Emperor, who decided to restitute to Przemko II's widow the other half of Głogów as her long-time waited "Oprawa wdowia", but giving the promise of inheritance over Bolko II the Small, Duke of Świdnica. With this action, Henry V lose all his hopes of restoring the unity of Głogów. Soon, he began to visit Krakow and made an alliance with the King Casimir III the Great. In order to become more strong this bond, was arranged a political marriage between the Henry V's daughter Hedwig and King Casimir III. With this union, the Polish King increased his influence over Silesia, and the Duke of Żagań gained an ally and protector. The wedding took place on 25 February 1363 in Wschowa and was performed by the Bishop of Poznań, Jan V of Lutogniewo.
Henry V was regarded as a good host, although he famous for his excessive severity with his subjects. He didn't made any differences between the Church or the aristocracy when he had to made justice. Particularly embarrassing were his continuous disputes with the Augustinian Order of Żagań. His rule was too harsh that he had to face the fury of his own vassals, who even kidnapped him, but shortly after released him in the basement of St. Jakob's Church in Głogów.
In 1367 as a result of an inflammation in his eyes, Henry V became blind. He died of pneumonia two years later and was buried in the Augustinian church in Żagań.
Marriage and issue.
By 6 September 1337, Henry V married with Anna (b. 1324 – d. 16 February 1363), daughter of Duke Wenceslaus of Płock. They had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="21630539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630539" title="Wilder Brain Collection">
Wilder Brain Collection

The Wilder Brain Collection is a collection of brains maintained by the Cornell University Department of Psychology. The collection was created by professor of anatomy, Burt Green Wilder. Wilder founded the Cornell Brain Society in 1889 to collect the brains of "educated and orderly persons." He believed that much could be learned about psychology from studying the anatomy of the human brain. At its height, the collection contained over 600 and even as many as 1,200 brains and parts of brains. By the 1970s the collection had been neglected and enthusiasm for brain collecting had dimmed. The university culled the collection to 122 specimens.
Part of the collection is on display in Uris Hall on the Cornell campus. Brains on display include those of several notable individuals:
The collection also includes a piece of a pumpkin that was placed on the spire of McGraw Tower in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21630555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630555" title="Gerard of Brussels">
Gerard of Brussels

Gerard of Brussels (, ) was an early thirteenth-century geometer and philosopher known primarily for his Latin book "Liber de motu" (or "On Motion"), which was a pioneering study in kinematics, probably written between 1187 and 1260. It has been described as "the first Latin treatise that was to take the fundamental approach to kinematics that was to characterize modern kinematics." He brought the works of Euclid and Archimedes back into popularity and was a direct influence on the Oxford Calculators (four kinematicists of Merton College) in the next century. Gerard is cited by Thomas Bradwardine in his "Tractatus de proportionibus velocitatum" (1328). His chief contribution was in moving away from Greek mathematics and closer to the notion of "a ratio of two unlike quantities such as distance and time", which is how modern physics defines velocity. 

</doc>
<doc id="21630591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630591" title="Ed Hall (One Life to Live)">
Ed Hall (One Life to Live)

Edward "Ed" Hall is a fictional character on the American soap opera "One Life to Live".
Casting and reception.
The role was originated and played by actor Al Freeman, Jr. from January 1972 until 1987, with a brief interruption in 1975. In the process, he earned a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 1979, becoming the first actor from the show as well as the first African American to earn the award. Freeman later earned nominations in the category of Outstanding Supporting Actor in 1986 and 1987. The actor briefly reprised the role in 1988 and 2000.
Major storyline.
1972–74.
Freeman first appears in the role of Lieutenant Hall in January 1972 when Hall begins to lead an investigation into the murder of Marcy Wade (Francesca James), a secretary for the Lord family newspaper, "The Banner". For the previous year, Marcy masqueraded around Llanview as "Niki Smith", the alter-ego and symptom of publishing heiress Viki Lord Riley's (Erika Slezak) dissociative identity disorder, hoping to create a rift in the budding relationship between Viki and new executive editor Steve Burke (Bernard Grant). Later in a hostage situation involving Steve, Marcy held Vinny Wolek (Antony Ponzini) hostage, where Steve struggled with Marcy for the gun and accidentally, but fatally, wounded her. Though Steve vowed he did not murder her, Lt. Hall developed a theory that Steve and Marcy carrying on an illicit affair without Viki's knowledge, and when Marcy was to tell Viki that Steve killed her. Steve was indicted and charged with first-degree murder. Steve's conviction was only halted for the Only Marcy’s purse, containing an incriminating note saying that Niki Smith planned to kill Vince Wolek, could save him. Steve is later exonerated when a presumed dead Joe Riley (Lee Patterson) reappears possessing Marcy Wade's purse. In his downtime after the investigation, Ed Hall began courting Carla Gray (Ellen Holly).
In 1973, siblings-in-law Meredith Lord Wolek (Lynn Benesch) and Vinny, and baby Daniel Wolek were taken hostage by thieves in the Llanfair carriage house. During hostage negotiations with Ed, the burglars demanded the Llanview Police Department arrange for a plane to transport them to South America, where they would later release the hostages. One of the criminals shoots the other, and when Meredith attempted to escape and was fatally injured after falling on her head against the edge of a table. The other robber is killed by the Llanview Police while attempting to escape, and Vince and Daniel escape alive. Lieutenant Hall makes a great impression on Carla, causing her to end her budding romance with politico Bert Skelly. Meanwhile, Ed took to mentoring downtrodden youth Joshua "Josh" West (Laurence Fishburne). Ed would later propose marriage, and although Carla was enamored with Ed's integrity and his devotion toward the mentorship of Josh, Carla fell deeper in love with Ed, but grew troubled with the prospect of being in a relationship with the life-threatening work of law enforcement. Unable to ignore her feelings, she accepts his proposal in March 1973. Ed and Carla adopt Josh together in April 1974.
When the wedding date approached, family members of Ed and Carla began receiving anonymous threats. Carla felt her life threatened when her car brakes were cut, and their now-adoptive son Josh was informed he would be retaliated against for the death of the victim of a Llanview murder investigation. Vince later uncovers the person making the veiled threats was none other than a recently released mental institution patient named Lester Brock. Before word could get out, Lester called Carla, telling her to Ed wanted to meet her at the jewelry store that afternoon. Unbeknownst to Carla, she went to the jewelry store, where she was almost shot at save for the quick action of Joe Riley (Lee Patterson). After the ruckus, Ed, Vince, and other Llanview officers arrive at the scene, putting Lester under arrest. Following the trying travail, Ed and Carla continued with their plans to marry. On October 5, 1974, Ed and Carla marry with Josh as Ed's best man and real-life jazz singer Hazel Scott as Carla's aunt and maid of honor in the first on-screen wedding of Black characters on soap operas.
1979–85.
Ed is shot during a police altercation in 1979 by the estranged redneck husband of Becky Lee Abbott (Mary Gordon Murray), Luke Johnson. Luke was quickly apprehended and Ed rushed to Llanview Hospital, where the Lieutenant was operated on by newly arrived surgeon Dr. Jack Scott (Arthur Burghardt). Following hours of being in critical condition, Dr. Scott removed the gun's bullet from a wound near Ed's heart. An overly grateful Carla fell in love with Dr. Jack as Ed's focused less attention on her at the height of the Marco Dane (Gerald Anthony) murder trial involving Karen Wolek (Judith Light). Ed was promoted to police captain, but not long afterwards Carla requested a divorce in 1979 to marry the surgeon who saved Ed's life, to which he conceded. Later, social climber and Llanview District Attorney Herb Callison decided to run as the fictional governor of Pennsylvania with Captain Hall as his running mate in 1980. In exchange for the manipulation of the election, undiscovered to Ed, Herb and fiancée Dr. Dorian Cramer Lord each obtained illegal campaign contributions from Asa Buchanan (Philip Carey). In January 1981, Ed uncovers the illegality in the election of Herb, the day he is to serve as a groomsman for Herb at his wedding. Herb and Ed are sworn-in as Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania, respectively, in February 1981. Soon afterwards, news of the political impropriety of Governor and First Lady Callison is revealed in the news, to the shame of Ed who resigns in the midst of the scandal. Herb soon follows, and with Ed's career ruined, he proceeded to pick up the pieces of his shattered life.
Assuming work as a private investigator, Ed took acquired a steady clientele of work. When the assumed father of the ward of Viki Lord, Tina Clayton (Andrea Evans) escaped from jail, he arrived in Llanview in search of Tina. Now a con artist, Ted sought a way to gain the fortune of Lord family by gettimg back into the good graces of Tina, who grew weary of her estranged father's attempts at bonding. Unsuccessful at getting Tina to regard him, Ted donned a wig and followed Tina to an art gallery. Attempting to seriously harm Tina, Ed shoots and kills the disguised Ted after is was uncover that he killed now-Llanview Police Lieutenant Vince Wolek. Ed is rehired by the Llanview Police Department later that year. In 1982, the rapist of Karen Wolek, deranged Dr. Ivan Kipling, implanted brain chips into the heads of Karen's ex-husband Dr. Larry Wolek (Michael Storm) and later Ed, hoping to manipulate the two men and kidnap to South America. Dr. Kipling's caper was foiled when the chips were removed from Ed and Larry's heads and Karen rescued.
Freeman was fired from the series in 1987 by "OLTL" executive producer Paul Rauch, following in a series of administrative moves by Rauch which ultimately removed regular African American cast members. Leading black cast members would be absent from the series until new executive producer Linda Gottlieb and headwriter Michael Malone introduced Hank Gannon, played by actor Nathan Purdee, in 1992. Freeman briefly reprised in the role in 1988 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21630632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630632" title="I-Doser">
I-Doser

I-Doser is an application for the playback of proprietary audio content. The developer claims the separately purchasable content aims to simulate specific mental states through the use of binaural beats, and much of it is named after prohibited recreational drugs. The I-Doser player has been downloaded more than a million times and is based on the audio technology of a GPL-licensed binaural beat generator, SBaGen. The player can be downloaded for free, but the audio content has to be purchased.
Marketing.
I-Doser tracks are usually 30-40 minutes long and administered with a program called I-Doser V5. The file format containing the encoded sounds ends in .drg which only the I-Doser program can run. Most "doses" are priced in the US $1.99-$3.99. There are a small number of premium experimental doses costing hundreds of dollars. Some are marketed as intended for relaxation, others to simulate substances and others for mind/mental improvement, like the title Brain+, or 3 called Alpha, Beta, and Theta to target those parts of the brainwaves. There are also mobile applications available for iOS and Android with an extensive in-app store for additional doses. MP3 and CD "packs" can also be purchased, that are simply the doses ported to the format enhanced with ambient sound and music.
The I-Doser .drg files are a derivation of the open source SBaGen file format. The marketing hype behind I-Doser that spread like wildfire over the internet has helped drive its sales.
Evaluation of claims.
Research into the neurological technology behind I-Doser is sparse. Peer-reviewed studies exist suggesting that some specific binaural beat mixes can affect aspects of mental performance and mood, act as analgesic supplements or affect perceptions, but there have been no formal studies of any effects of mixes particular to I-Doser. Researchers from Oregon Health and Science University interviewed about I-Doser have expressed skepticism over its scientific basis, citing a four person controlled study of binaural beats that demonstrated no evidence of brainwave entrainment. Other universities have also stated skepticism.

</doc>
<doc id="21630649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630649" title="Eucalyptus (software)">
Eucalyptus (software)

Eucalyptus is a free and open-source computer software for building Amazon Web Services (AWS)-compatible private and hybrid cloud computing environments marketed by the company Eucalyptus Systems. Eucalyptus is the acronym for Elastic Utility Computing Architecture for Linking Your Programs To Useful Systems. Eucalyptus enables pooling compute, storage, and network resources that can be dynamically scaled up or down as application workloads change. Eucalyptus Systems announced a formal agreement with AWS in March 2012 to maintain compatibility.
Mårten Mickos is the CEO of Eucalyptus. 
History.
The software development had its roots in the Virtual Grid Application Development Software project, at Rice University and other institutions from 2003 to 2008.
Rich Wolski led a group at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and became the chief technical officer at the company headquartered in Goleta, California before returning to teach at UCSB.
Eucalyptus software was included in the Ubuntu 9.04 distribution in 2009.
The company was formed in 2009 with $5.5 million in funding to commercialize the software.
Software architecture.
Eucalyptus commands can manage either Amazon or Eucalyptus instances. Users can also move instances between a Eucalyptus private cloud and the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud to create a hybrid cloud. Hardware virtualization isolates applications from computer hardware details.
Eucalyptus uses the terminology:
Components.
Eucalyptus has six components:
Amazon Web Services compatibility.
Organizations can use or reuse AWS-compatible tools, images, and scripts to manage their own on-premise infrastructure as a service (IaaS) environments. The AWS API is implemented on top of Eucalyptus, so tools in the cloud ecosystem that can communicate with AWS can use the same API with Eucalyptus. In March 2012, Amazon Web Services and Eucalyptus announced details of the compatibility between AWS and Eucalyptus. As part of this agreement, AWS will support Eucalyptus as they continue to extend compatibility with AWS APIs and customer use cases. Customers can run applications in their existing data centers that are compatible with Amazon Web Services such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) and Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3).
In June, 2013, Eucalyptus 3.3 was released, featuring a new series of AWS-compatible tools. These include:
Eucalyptus 3.3 is also the first private cloud platform to support Netflix's open source tools - including Chaos Monkey, Asgard, and Edda - through its API fidelity with AWS.
Functionality.
The Eucalyptus User Console provides an interface for users to self-service provision and configure compute, network, and storage resources. Development and test teams can manage virtual instances using built-in key management and encryption capabilities. Access to virtual instances is available using familiar SSH and RDP mechanisms. Virtual instances with application configuration can be stopped and restarted using encrypted boot from EBS capability.
IaaS service components Cloud Controller, Cluster Controller, Walrus, Storage Controller, and VMware Broker are configurable as redundant systems that are resilient to multiple types of failures. Management state of the cloud machine is preserved and reverted to normal operating conditions in the event of a hardware or software failure.
Eucalyptus can run multiple versions of Windows and Linux virtual machine images. Users can build a library of Eucalyptus Machine Images (EMIs) with application metadata that are decoupled from infrastructure details to allow them to run on Eucalyptus clouds. Amazon Machine Images are also compatible with Eucalyptus clouds. VMware Images and vApps can be converted to run on Eucalyptus clouds and AWS public clouds.
Eucalyptus user identity management can be integrated with existing Microsoft Active Directory or LDAP systems to have fine-grained role based access control over cloud resources.
Eucalyptus supports storage area network devices to take advantage of storage arrays to improve performance and reliability. Eucalyptus Machine Images can be backed by EBS-like persistent storage volumes, improving the performance of image launch time and enabling fully persistent virtual machine instances. Eucalyptus also supports direct-attached storage.
Eucalyptus 3.3 offers new features for AWS compatibility. These include resource tagging, which allows application developers and cloud administrators to assign customizable metadata tags to resources such as firewalls, load balancers, Web servers, and individual workloads to better identify them. Eucalyptus 3.3 also supports an expanded set of instance types to more closely align to instance types in Amazon EC2.
Eucalyptus 3.3 also includes a new Maintenance Mode that allows cloud administrators to perform maintenance on Eucalyptus clouds with zero downtime to instances or cloud applications. It also includes new user console features such as a Magic Search Bar, and an easy option to allow users to change their password.
Eucalyptus 3.4, released on October 24, 2013, added new features including improved image management and migration tools, capabilities for warm upgrades, a hybrid cloud user console to manage both Eucalyptus and AWS resources, Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles, and improved High Availability (HA) capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21630650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630650" title="List of Top 25 albums for 2008 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 2008 in Australia

These are the Top 25 albums of 2008 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Top 25.
Peak chart positions for 2008 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 100 albums for each week during 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21630660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630660" title="Pakapoo">
Pakapoo

Pakapoo (sometimes spelt pak-ah-pu) is a Chinese lottery game popular in Oceania in the 19th Century, including on the goldfields.
A pakapoo ticket is bought which contains rows of characters from the Chian Ji Mun (an ancient poem in which no two words are repeated). The master ticket is kept hidden and is marked by the organiser of the game. The player marks a number of characters on their ticket. The ticket closest to the master ticket wins.
In Australian slang, "it looks like a Pakapoo ticket" is a reference to any writing that is messy or scrawled.

</doc>
<doc id="21630663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630663" title="Salvia reptans">
Salvia reptans

Salvia reptans is a widely distributed herbaceous perennial native to the mountains of the Trans-Pecos in Texas, and in Mexico and Guatemala. It typically grows in dry stream beds and gravelly soils. It was introduced into horticulture in the 19th century and was previously known as "S. angustifolia" and "S. leptophylla", both of which refer to the slender leaves. The specific epithet "reptans" refers to the plant's creeping habit.
The form of "Salvia reptans" commonly grown in gardens is unusual in that it produces numerous lax or decumbent stems. The other form, which is native to western Texas and is not cultivated, grows upright to 3 feet in height. The variety "S. reptans" var. "glabra" also grows wild in Texas. In horticulture, "Salvia reptans" reaches 3 feet wide or more with abundant thin, black stems. The stems can make a groundcover. The narrow mistletoe-green leaves are sparse. The .5 inch flowers have blue corollas in dark calyces.

</doc>
<doc id="21630670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630670" title="Earth Defense">
Earth Defense

Earth Defense (aka: "The Earth Defend") is an unlicensed game for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis; it was developed by AV Artisan and published by Realtec in both North America and Taiwan, without a license from Sega.
The game cartridge and box shapes as well as quality in graphics and box art are identical to AV Artisan's previous titles Funny World & Balloon Boy and Whac-A-Critter, both published by Realtec. Earth Defense was also rare in that it was a simultaneous 2 player vertical scrolling shoot 'em up on the Genesis which primarily featured single player shoot 'em ups. The player takes on the role of a jet pilot assigned to liberate five world continents from a technologically advanced army.
Weapons.
Players had two different types of weapons to choose from during combat. A vulcan/spread shot weapon and a wave/beam shot weapon. Rather than possessing bomb-like items, the players had a shield item that made the ship temporarily invulnerable.
Levels.
Stage 1: Brazil, South America
Stage 2: Washington, America
Stage 3: Siberia, Russia
Stage 4: China
Stage 5: Nigeria, Africa
Compatibility Issues.
The game cannot be played through a Sega 32X. The game must be put directly into the Sega Genesis' cartridge slot. When the game is inserted into a Sega 32X, the RealTec logo will show up, but the Sega Genesis will keep resetting itself. The game will not run at all on the Majesco Sega Genesis 3.
Notes and references.
Earth Defense at GameFAQs

</doc>
<doc id="21630683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630683" title="Hyperthyroxinemia">
Hyperthyroxinemia

Hyperthyroxinemia or hyperthyroxinaemia is a thyroid disease where the serum levels of thyroxine are higher than expected.
The term is sometimes used to refer to hyperthyroidism, but hyperthyroidism is a more general term.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="21630693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630693" title="Cyclone Arthur (2007)">
Cyclone Arthur (2007)

Cyclone Arthur (RSMC Nadi designation: 08F, JTWC designation: 09P) was the eighth tropical depression and fourth tropical cyclone of the 2006–07 South Pacific cyclone season. Forming as tropical depression on January 25, Arthur rapidly intensified into a strong Category 2 cyclone on the Australian intensity scale according to the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in Nadi, Fiji. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center assessed the storm to have peaked as a minimal Category 1 cyclone. Shortly after peaking in intensity, the cyclone began to deteriorate due to unfavorable conditions. Quickly moving towards the east-southeast, the Arthur began to undergo an extratropical transition. After turning towards the southeast, the center of circulation was almost fully exposed due to strong wind shear. However, Arthur briefly re-strengthened late on January 26 before becoming extratropical the next day. Tropical Cyclone Arthur affected several small islands during its existence. French Polynesia observed the most noteworthy effects from the storm, where several landslides damaged a few homes.
Meteorological history.
On January 21, 2007, the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in Nadi, Fiji identified a tropical depression, which was given the number "08F", about 435 km (270 mi) west-northwest of Savai'i island in Samoa. The depression slowly traveled towards the east-southeast for several days as the overall structure of the storm fluctuated due to diurnal variations and strong wind shear. Around 1700 UTC on January 22, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert for the depression. The system developed a large banding feature in the northern portion of the circulation and deep convection formed around the center of circulation. The depression had moved into an area of weak to moderate wind shear with favorable diffulence aloft. Later that day, gale warnings were issued for the northeastern quadrant of the system. Tropical Depression 08F continued to develop as an anticyclone developed above the system, enhancing the environment around it. A mid-latitude trough located north of the depression was steering it towards the east.
Early on January 24, the system became better organized and strengthened into a cyclone at 0600 UTC. The storm, which was named "Arthur" by the RSMC Nadi, began to undergo rapid intensification as the structure improved significantly. Deep convection developed around the center with strong outflow towards the north. Several hours after becoming a cyclone, the JTWC issued their first advisory on Tropical Cyclone 09P as it traveled quickly towards the east-southeast. The quick movement was due to the influences of subtropical ridge to the north and a trough to the south. Later that day, a banding eye feature began to develop as the storm intensified into a Category 2 cyclone on the Australian intensity scale. At 1800 UTC, the JTWC assessed Arthur to have reached its peak intensity with winds of 120 km/h (75 mph 1-minute winds), the equivalent of a minimal Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Early on January 25, Arthur reached its peak intensity with winds of 110 km/h (70 mph 10-minute winds) with a minimum pressure of 975 hPa (mbar) while located about 635 km (350 mi) north-northwest of Rarotonga. Shortly after peaking in intensity, Arthur began to undergo an extratropical transition and rapidly deteriorated due to strong wind shear.
The storm also began to merge with a low-level frontal boundary associated with the remnants of Tropical Cyclone Zita. The strong shear left the center of circulation partially exposed, with deep convection persisting in only the southeastern quadrant. In addition to the shear, dry air began to enter the system, causing it to weaken further. While continuing to move at a quick pace, the storm began to turn towards the southeast along a baroclinic zone. Early on January 26, the JTWC issued their final advisory on the cyclone as it lost most of its tropical characteristics. Arthur re-intensified shortly after and the JTWC reissued advisories on the storm around 2100 UTC. The brief re-strengthening was the result of a breakdown in the baroclinic zone which allowed convection to redevelop around the center. Around the same time, Arthur left RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility (AoR) and entered the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre Wellington's AoR. The storm completed its extratropical transition around 1200 UTC on January 27, leading to the final advisory being issued on the storm.
Preparations and impact.
On January 21, a gale watch was issued for Tutuila, American Samoa, Manu'a, and Swains Island as Tropical Depression 08F approached the islands. Winds of up to 55 km/h (35 mph), with gusts up to 75 km/h (45 mph), were expected. Small craft advisories were issued for the Cook Islands due to large swells produced by the storm. All of the watches were cancelled late on January 23 as the depression was no longer forecast to impact the islands. On January 24, an Orange Alert was issued for the Austral Islands. As the storm neared the region, the alert was upgraded to a Red Alert for Rurutu and Tubuai. Arthur produced minor damages in the Cook Islands—primarily consisting of beach erosion—on January 24. Heavy rains throughout French Polynesia resulted in several landslides which damaged several homes on Tahiti and Moorea. Waves near the islands ranged from 1.5 to 2 m (4.9 to 6.5 ft). Winds in Tubuai reached 85 km/h (50 mph 10-minute winds) with gusts up to 115 km/h (71 mph). Several homes were damaged and roads were blocked by fallen trees throughout the island. Minor coastal flooding also occurred due to the large swells.

</doc>
<doc id="21630702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630702" title="4th Landing Support Battalion">
4th Landing Support Battalion

4th Landing Support Battalion (4th LSB) is a logistics battalion of the United States Marine Corps Reserve. The unit is based out of the New Orleans, Louisiana and falls under the command of the 4th Marine Logistics Group (4th MLG).
Mission.
The Landing Support Battalion provides the command, control, administration, and operational personnel required to form a nucleus for task organized support of landing support operations during either surface or helicopter amphibious and subsequent operations ashore.
History.
The 4th Landing Support Battalion was first formed in Seattle, Washington in 1924 as the 11th Infantry Company, United States Marine Corps Reserve. In 1931 the unit was re-designated as the 11th Infantry Battalion, United States Marine Corps Reserve Organized. With the outbreak of worldwide hostilities in 1940 the battalion was mobilized and joined the 1st Battalion, 6th Marines for duty in Iceland. 
On 24 August 1943 the unit was re-designated and activated as the 2nd Battalion, 20th Marines, (Engineers), 4th Marine Division. 28 February 1944 saw the battalion in action at Kwajalein and Majuro Atoll in the Marianas Islands. As 1943 progressed the unit participated in the capture and occupations of both Saipan and Tinian. For their service, the battalion was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation. The battalion was again re-designated on 1 September 1944 as the 4th Pioneer Battalion, 4th Marine Division. Early 1945 again found the battalion in the midst of combat during the Battle of Iwo Jima, and again the battalion was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation. On 31 March 1945 the 4th Pioneer battalion re-deployed to San Diego, California. The battalion was awarded the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Streamer with four bronze stars and the World War II Victory Streamer for service throughout World War II.
The battalion remained in San Diego until 31 October 1945 when it was deactivated. On 7 August 1945 the 4th Shore Party Battalion was reactivated in Seattle, Washington and stationed at 7500 Sand Point Way, NE aboard the Naval Support Activity. During the next 31 years the battalion saw many small detachments deploy worldwide to include service in Korea and the Republic of Vietnam. On 17 December 1978 the unit remained in place in Seattle, Washington. In 1990, the 4th Landing Support Battalion was again called for service in Operations Desert Shield/Storm, and was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation.
In October 1993, the battalion grew in size as the Landing Support Equipment Company at Vienna, Ohio was re-designated and assigned to the battalion. The 4th Landing Support Battalion moved to its present location at Fort Lewis, Washington in January 1995. The Naval and Marine Corps Training Center was officially dedicated during a ceremony on 3 March 1995.
On September 7th 2013, 4th Landing Support Battalion conducted its official de-activation ceremony at the Battalion headquarters on Joint Base Lewis McCord WA. That same day, Combat Logistics Battalion 23 officially uncased its colors for the first time. The newest CLB in the Marine Corps, CLB-23 is organized to echo its active duty counterparts within the USMC. Combat Logistics Battalion 23 (CLB-23) is headquartered at Fort Lewis, Washington
Unit awards.
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited. Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation. 4th LSB has been presented with the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="21630718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630718" title="Elder Vogel">
Elder Vogel

Elder Vogel, Jr. is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate. He has represented the 47th district since 2009.
Professional career.
Vogel is a fourth generation dairy farmer who operates his family's farm in New Sewickley Township.
Political career.
Prior to joining the Senate, Vogel served as a New Sewickley Township supervisor.
On November 4, 2008, he was elected to the State Senate, succeeding retiring Democrat Gerald LaValle. Vogel defeated his opponent, Jason Petrella, by a margin of 56.8% to 43.2%. His original opponent, State Representative Sean Ramaley, dropped out of the race due to alleged involvement in the bonusgate scandal.
Vogel currently serves as Chairman of the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee, Vice-Chairman of the Senate Local Government Committee, and also sits on the Appropriations, Environmental Resources & Energy, Public Health & Welfare, and Urban Affairs & Housing Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="21630726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630726" title="Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia">
Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia

Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia is a type of hyperthyroxinemia associated with mutations in the human serum albumin gene.
The term was introduced in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21630765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630765" title="Pabwehshi">
Pabwehshi

Pabwehshi (meaning "Pab beast ["wehshi" in Urdu") is an extinct genus of mesoeucrocodylian. It is based on GSP-UM 2000, a partial snout and corresponding lower jaw elements, with another snout assigned to it. These specimens were found in Maastrichtian-age Upper Cretaceous rocks of the Pab Formation in Balochistan, Pakistan, and represent the first diagnostic crocodyliform fossils from Cretaceous rocks of South Asia. "Pabwehshi" had serrated interlocking teeth in its snout that formed a "zig-zag" cutting edge. "Pabwehshi" was named in 2001 by Jeffrey A. Wilson and colleagues. The type species is "P. pakistanensis", in reference to the nation where it was found. It was traditionally classified as a baurusuchid closely related to "Cynodontosuchus" and "Baurusuchus". Larsson and Sues (2007) found close affinity between "Pabwehshi" and the Peirosauridae within Sebecia. Montefeltro "et al." note that "Pabwehshi" has a sagittal torus on its maxillary palatal shelves – a character that is absent in baurusuchids – but they did not include "Pabwehshi" in their phylogenetic analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="21630799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630799" title="Salvia ringens">
Salvia ringens

Salvia ringens is a hardy herbaceous perennial native to the southern and eastern parts of the Balkan Peninsula, with many colonies growing on Mount Olympus, the traditional "home of the gods", at altitudes up to . Elsewhere, it grows in scrub and coniferous woodland between and . It was grown in English gardens before 1913, and was described by William Robinson in the twelfth edition of "The English Flower Garden" in 1933. It dropped from sight before being rediscovered in the late 1990s.
"Salvia ringens" forms a basal clump of pinnately divided leaves, typically less than 1 foot high and wide. The leaves are dark green with a grayish cast, with petioles and stems that stand out with a wine color. From summer through autumn the plant produces tall (2 foot) flowering stems with two to four flowers at the top, in widely spaced whorls. There are only a few stems at any given time. The 1.5 inch violet-blue flowers are very showy and large, held in a small calyx covered with hair and glands. The specific epithet, "ringens", refers to the wide open two-lipped flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21630811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630811" title="Ptilium crista-castrensis">
Ptilium crista-castrensis

Ptilium crista-castrensis is a moss species within the family Hypnaceae, in the class Bryopsida, subclass Bryidae and order Hypnales. 
Ecology.
This species occurs on the floor of Canadian boreal forests as well as many forests of northern Europe; an example of this occurrence is within the Black Spruce/Feathermoss climax forest, often having moderately dense canopy and featuring a forest floor of feathermosses including "Hylocomium splendens", "Pleurozium schreberi" and "Ptilium crista-castrensis".

</doc>
<doc id="21630814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630814" title="We Hold On">
We Hold On

"We Hold On" is the second single released by Australian singer Kaz James. The song is included on the singer's 2008 debut solo album, "If They Knew". It peaked at #81 on the ARIA pop chart and at #2 on the ARIA dance chart in Australia.
Track listing.
4. We Hold On (Burns Mix) - 6:35

</doc>
<doc id="21630849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630849" title="Wahbi Khazri">
Wahbi Khazri

Wahbi Khazri (; born 8 February 1991) is a French-born Tunisian footballer. He currently plays for Ligue 1 club FC Girondins de Bordeaux.
Club career.
Bastia.
A native of Ajaccio, Khazri started his career with local side Jeunesse Sportive Ajaccio before moving to SC Bastia. He received his first call up to the senior squad for their match against Amiens SC on 20 February 2009. He made his debut in that match coming on as a substitute in the 85th minute for Ludovic Genest. Bastia scored the winning goal a minute later to win the match 1–0. He scored his first career goal on 13 March 2009, in a 1–0 victory over Montpellier. Wahbi quickly adapted to league play scoring again, a couple of weeks later, in a 3–1 win over Vannes. He scored again, this time on the final match day of the season against Troyes, scoring the first goal in a 2–1 victory. The loss meant Troyes would be relegated to the Championnat National.
Bordeaux.
After five years in Bastia, Khazri signed a four-year contract with FC Girondins de Bordeaux in July 2014.
International career.
Youth teams.
In 2009, Khazri made his debut for the Tunisia national under-20 football team. However, in November 2011, he was called up by Erick Mombaerts to the France national under-21 football team for a pair of 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifiers against Romania and Slovakia. In February 2012, he played his first and only game for the French side, against Italy, before being substituted by Frédéric Bulot.
Senior team.
In late 2012, Khazri switched his international allegiance once again, when he accepted a call-up from Sami Trabelsi, the Tunisian national team's coach, including him in the squad for the 2013 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="21630870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630870" title="Julius Jaenzon">
Julius Jaenzon

Julius Jaenzon (8 July 1885 – 17 February 1961) was a Swedish cinematographer, essential in the early Swedish silent cinema. He is most known for his collaborations with directors Victor Sjöström and Mauritz Stiller, particularly in adaptions of novels by Selma Lagerlöf. Especially the accuracy with which he mastered the double exposure, for example in "The Phantom Carriage", was much admired at the time.
He was portrayed by Carl Magnus Dellow in the 2000 television play "The Image Makers".

</doc>
<doc id="21630871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630871" title="Indian Summer (manga)">
Indian Summer (manga)

Media.
Manga.
"Koharu Biyori" is written and illustrated by Takehito Mizuki. The manga was serialised in MediaWorks's monthly "Dengeki Daioh" before MediaWorks moved the title to the quarterly "Dengeki Moeoh". The manga is licensed in North America by ComicsOne. The English license was transferred to DrMaster after ComicsOne's collapse. As of February, 2009, MediaWorks has published 4 "bound volumes" of the manga. ComicsOne released the first volume of the manga on February 16, 2005. The manga is licensed in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing.
Anime.
The manga was adapted into a 3-episode original video animation by Doumu. The anime is licensed in the United States by Sentai Filmworks and distributed by ADV Films. However, with ADV being shut down, distribution was now handled by Section23 Films. It was also distributed in Russia by MC Entertainment. The episodes were released in Japan between October 14, 2007 and April 2, 2008.
Geneon released 3 DVDs in Japan. The first DVD was released on November 21, 2007. The second DVD was released on February 8, 2008. The final DVD was released on April 2, 2008. The subtitled series was released on March 10, 2009 in the US, there is no English-dubbed version available.
The original video animations use three pieces of theme music. by Eri Kitamura is the series' opening theme, while by Eri Kitamura and Satomi Akesaka is the ending theme for the first two episodes. by Eri Kitamura is the ending theme for the third episode.
Soundtrack CDs.
On November 21, 2007, Geneon released an animation soundtrack CD for "Koharu Biyori". 
Geneon released two "Maniac" CDs for "Koharu Biyori". The first CD, "Koharu Biyori Maniacs CD 1" was released on December 21, 2007. The second CD, "Koharu Biyori Maniacs CD 2" was released on February 22, 2008. The songs are sung by the voice actors/actresses of the characters.
Reception.
Mania.com's Eduardo M. Chavez criticised the manga for having "no plot" and a cast that "lacks personality". He also criticized the manga for the overuse of the moe anthropomorphism. Liann Cooper from Anime News Network criticises the manga for having "no plot" and that the manga's "illustrations look like sloppy sketches". Anime Fringe's Janet Crooker classifies the manga as a "Chobits" parody. 
Mania.com's Chris Beveridge commends the OVAs for its "character designs are good, the fanservice just right and it plays things at a slightly different angle because of the androids and the lack of a real crush/interest in the main characters". THEM Anime's Carlos Ross criticises the OVA for "very juvenile" writing and further comments that the OVA "" is not a cleanly or adroitly written work in regards to pacing". He also criticises the "very abrupt, kludgy transitions (particularly between episodes two and three) that seem to come clean out of left field".

</doc>
<doc id="21630896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630896" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Center City, Philadelphia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Center City, Philadelphia

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Center City, Philadelphia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Center City in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 545 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Philadelphia, including 67 National Historic Landmarks. Center City includes 144 of these properties and districts, including 34 National Historic Landmarks; the city's remaining properties and districts are listed elsewhere. Ten historic districts cover almost half of Center City including essentially all the area between the Schuylkill and Delaware Rivers from Chestnut Street on the north to Locust Street on the south. Five other properties in Center City were once listed but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="21630912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630912" title="Can't Hold Back (song)">
Can't Hold Back (song)

"Can't Hold Back" is the third single released by Australian singer, Kaz James taken off his 2008 debut solo album, "If They Knew". It is the singer's first solo Top 50 single in Australia. Macy Gray is a featured vocalist on the song.
Music video.
A music video has been shot and released. James uploaded the video onto his official YouTube channel on 11 January 2009. It is available for digital download on the Australian iTunes Store. It features both Kaz and Macy walking through corridors and standing within elevators. There are other rooms with different coloured backdrops in which both Kaz and Macy stand in front.
Airplay.
"Can't Hold Back" first began to receive much promotion and airplay in late 2008 on the Nova Network. Since its official release, it has increasingly gained airplay on the Today Network stations.
Track listing.
Australian CD Single<br>
1. "Can't Hold Back" - 2:31<br>
2. "Can't Hold Back" (Instrumental Mix) - 2:31
iTunes Bonus Track<br>
3. "We Hold On" (Beaucoup Disco Remix) - 5:39

</doc>
<doc id="21630948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630948" title="Mademoiselle Mozart">
Mademoiselle Mozart

Mademoiselle Mozart (US title: Meet Miss Mozart) is a 1935 French comedy/drama genre film directed, produced and written by Yvan Noé.
Plot.
A man falls in love with the pretty manager of a store of music instruments, whose business works badly. He is going to re-float the store to conquer her heart.

</doc>
<doc id="21630951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630951" title="Battle of Aphek">
Battle of Aphek

The Battle of Aphek is a biblical episode described in 1 Samuel 4:1-10 of the Hebrew Bible. During this battle the Philistines defeat the Israelite army and capture the Ark of the Covenant.
Biblical account.
The Book of Samuel records that the Philistines were camped at Aphek and Israel at Eben-Ezer. During the first battle the Philistines defeat Israel and kill four thousand. The Israelites bring the Ark of the Covenant from Shiloh. The Philistines again defeat the Israelites, this time killing thirty thousand and capturing the Ark.
Samuel records that the two sons of the judge Eli, Hophni and Phineas, died that day, as well as Eli, who "s soon as he mentioned the ark of God, Eli fell over backward from his seat by the side of the gate, and his neck was broken and he died, for the man was old and heavy. He had judged Israel forty years." (1 Samuel 4:18)

</doc>
<doc id="21630955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21630955" title="Ann Tyrrell">
Ann Tyrrell

Ann Tyrrell (February 6, 1909 – July 20, 1983) was an American stage, film and television actress. Tyrrell is best known for her roles in both of the Ann Sothern CBS sitcoms "Private Secretary" (1953–1957) and "The Ann Sothern Show" (1958–1961).
Career.
A native of Whatcom County in northwestern Washington State, Tyrrell won her first film role in 1949 at the age of forty as Miss Swanson in "Bride for Sale". The following year she appeared as a clerk in the motion picture version of Tennessee Williams's "The Glass Menagerie" (1950). In 1951, she was cast as a telephone operator in Ronald Reagan's "Bedtime for Bonzo". She and Reagan shared birthdays, but she was two years his senior. 
In 1953, she appeared unbilled as Mary Tudor sister of Queen Elizabeth I in the M-G-M historical drama "Queen Bess" and in 1955, she appeared in the film "Seven Angry Men" with Raymond Massey and Jeffrey Hunter. Between film appearances, Tyrrell guest starred in episodes of "Adventures of Superman", "The Adventures of Kit Carson", and "The People's Choice".
Her major opportunity came in 1953 when she was cast for four seasons in the role of office receptionist Violet "Vi" Praskins, friend and colleague of Susie MacNamara, played by Ann Sothern, in the sitcom "Private Secretary". After the series ended in a contract dispute in 1957, Tyrrell joined "The Ann Sothern Show" as Olive Smith, roommate and secretary of Sothern's new character, Katy O'Connor. After "The Ann Sothern Show" ended its run in 1961, Tyrrell made only two more television appearances; as Mrs. Marshall in a 1962 episode of "The Danny Thomas Show" and as Miss Ruth Potter in a 1964 episode of "Burke's Law".
Later years.
After retiring from acting, Tyrrell worked as a dialectician and made recordings for the blind.
Tyrrell made her final public appearance in a phone interview on the ABC morning program "Good Morning America" in November, 1982. In that installment, host Joan Lunden interviewed on camera the cast of both "Private Secretary" and "The Ann Sothern Show" which included Sothern, Don Porter, and Jesse White. Tyrrell was not able to physically join them, but she was able to converse with Lunden and reminisce with her former co-stars via telephone from her home in California.
Death.
On July 20, 1983, Tyrrell died of a heart attack at a Pasadena, California hospital at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="21631002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631002" title="Iodotyrosine deiodinase">
Iodotyrosine deiodinase

Iodotyrosine deiodinase also known as iodotyrosine dehalogenase 1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "IYD" gene. It helps scavenge iodine by removing it from iodinated tyrosines, after these are produced when thyroid hormones that have been broken down as metabolites from their double-tyrosine residue structure. 
Unlike the other deiodinases (the iodothyronine deiodinases), that remove iodine only from iodinated thyroid hormones while these are still in their double-tyrosine residue form, the iodotyrosine deiodinases remove iodine from iodinated tyrosine as a single amino acid residue. Also, unlike the iodothyronine deiodinases, the tyrosine deiodinase does not use selenium in the active site.
Function.
Iodotyrosine deiodinase facilitates iodide salvage in thyroid by catalyzing deiodination of mono- and diiodotyrosine, the halogenated byproducts of thyroid hormone production.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the "IYD" gene are associated with hypothyroidism.

</doc>
<doc id="21631012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631012" title="Culmback Dam">
Culmback Dam

The Culmback Dam (also known as the George Culmback Dam or the Snoqualmie National Forest Dam) is a large rockfill hydroelectric and water supply dam on the Sultan River, a tributary of the Skykomish River, in Washington. Built in 1965, the dam is long at the crest and high. Its reservoir, Spada Lake, provides water for 70 to 75 percent of Snohomish County, and the powerhouse downstream of the dam produces 112 megawatts. Some critics charge that the dam has strongly impacted the runs of salmon and other migratory fish in the Sultan River by depleting gravel and sediment needed to line the riverbed. The dam’s operator counters that Culmback Dam dramatically reduces flooding events, benefiting fish populations and the surrounding communities. The dam was named in honor of George Culmback, a former mayor of Everett.
The Dam is co-owned by the Snohomish County PUD and the City of Everett and is operated by the PUD. Water from Spada Lake is diverted through a pipeline to a powerhouse further downstream on the Sultan River. From the powerhouse, some water is returned to the river, and some is diverted to Lake Chaplain, where the water enters the Everett water supply system.
Construction.
Prior to 1917 the City of Everett received its water supply from Woods Creek, a tributary of the Snohomish River. Because of increasing water needs of large paper mills and factories, the city switched its water supply to the Sultan River basin via the tributary Chaplain Creek. The Chaplain Reservoir was created in 1929 with the completion of an earthfill dam, and later raised in 1942. This supply proved insufficient as well, so engineers looked to tap the main stem of the Sultan River, where an excellent dam site had been identified.
The Culmback Dam was built in two stages, or phases. Phase 1, which began in 1960 and ended in 1965, involved building the dam to a height of , impounding a reservoir. The construction done during this phase served to replace the smaller, diversion dam downstream on the Sultan River. Phase 2, completed in 1984, involved raising the dam to its present height, quadrupling the reservoir capacity. The second phase also included the pipeline connecting Spada Lake to a new hydroelectric powerhouse and from there to the Chaplain Reservoir.
Site.
Culmback Dam and Spada Lake received water from a drainage basin of on the west slope of the Cascade Range. Although the broad valley in which the reservoir now lies predates the last Ice Age, the canyon in which the dam was built was formed only about 1 million years ago, when the Sultan River was interrupted by the thick Laurentide ice sheet, which rerouted the river from its original watershed, the Pilchuck River. The river eroded a narrow gorge to empty into the Skykomish River, forming an ideal dam site.
The Sultan River, formed by the convergence of the North Fork of the Sultan River and Elk Creek, enters the lake from the east. Additional major contributors are the South Fork, which forms an arm of the lake close to Stickney Ridge, and Williamson Creek, which enters from the north at the base of Big Four Mountain.
Water supply and power.
Spada Lake is part of the water supply of the City of Everett, Washington. This water supply consists of two lakes, the other being the much smaller, Lake Chaplain on Chaplain Creek, a tributary of the Sultan River. Most of the flow of the Sultan River is diverted at the dam into a penstock that flows to the 112 megawatt (MW) Jackson powerhouse further downstream, with an elevation drop of . At the powerhouse, the water feeds four turbine/generator units, consisting of two 47.5 MW Pelton-type turbines, and two 8.4 MW Francis turbines. The water from the Pelton turbines are released directly into the Sultan River, while the rest of the water is piped to Lake Chaplain.
From Lake Chaplain, the water flows in four diameter pipes towards Everett. During flood events, water is also discharged back into the Sultan River through Chaplain Creek and the Sultan River Fresh-water Return Line. The Culmback Dam is able to discharge water through an inverted-bell spillway that has a capacity of per second, which is sufficient to handle the 100-year flood flow of the Sultan River, which is calculated at per second.

</doc>
<doc id="21631018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631018" title="Kmiec">
Kmiec

Kmiec may refer to : 

</doc>
<doc id="21631024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631024" title="Do You Come Here Often? (play)">
Do You Come Here Often? (play)

Do You Come Here Often? is a 1997 play written by Sean Foley and Hamish McColl of the two-person theatre company, The Right Size.

</doc>
<doc id="21631045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631045" title="If They Knew">
If They Knew

If They Knew is the debut album by Australian singer and DJ Kaz James. It was released in Australia and New Zealand in October 2008.
James spent over a year working on the material for "If They Knew". He stated in an interview that he recorded and mixed the tracks in the UK, Australia and Los Angeles before putting the finishing touches on the music in New York City. He described the music as "not about dance music so much as it's about music that people can dance to."
Track listing.
13. "We Hold On" (Dave Spoon Remix) - 7:02

</doc>
<doc id="21631046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631046" title="Charlie Sillett">
Charlie Sillett

Charles Thomas "Charlie" Sillett (29 October 1906 – 27 February 1945) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back for Southampton in the 1930s. He was the father of John Sillett and Peter Sillett, both of whom became professional footballers.
Charlie Sillett was killed in a U-boat attack on an allied convoy while serving with the Royal Navy in 1945.
Football career.
Army.
Sillett was born in Plumstead in the Royal Borough of Greenwich, the son of Sidney and Mary Sillett. He joined the Army in 1926 and was enlisted in the 60th King's Royal Rifle Corps, based at Tidworth on Salisbury Plain, where he rose to the rank of Sergeant, becoming a physical training instructor. His skills on the football field won him a variety of Army representative honours.
In 1931, his Army career came to an end, and after a short period playing with Barking Town in the Athenian League he joined Second Division Southampton in October 1931.
Southampton.
He played two matches with Southampton's reserves, before being drafted into the first team as an emergency centre forward, where the "Saints" were suffering with an injury crisis with Bill Fraser, Arthur Haddleton and Johnny McIlwaine all unavailable. Sillett scored twice on his debut, in a 3–1 victory at Burnley on 2 January 1932, and retained his place in the first team, playing up front until Ted Drake was promoted from the reserves in March. Sillett was recalled, this time at left-back, replacing Reg Thomas for the final three matches of the season.
During the following season, manager George Kay settled on a defensive line-up of Bill Adams and Michael Keeping at fullbacks, with Stan Woodhouse, Frank Campbell, Arthur Bradford or Bill Luckett as the three half backs – as a result, Sillett managed only six games all season. In 1933–34, he was again kept out of his favoured role as full back, this time by Arthur Roberts, but had a run of four games taking over from Tommy Brewis at inside right, during which he scored twice in a 5–0 victory over Bradford at The Dell on 16 December.
In August 1934, after three seasons with the Saints, Sillett became an established member of the first team and in 1934–35 he only missed three games, playing at either left- or right-back. He soon became ""very popular with fans and colleagues alike"" and his versatility meant that he was equally at home on either side of the pitch. In the following season, he was ever-present often playing further forward in midfield and occasionally standing in as centre forward when Vic Watson was unavailable. During this season, he was a member of the team that suffered an 8–0 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on 28 March 1936 (still the highest margin of defeat); two days later, he played at The Dell against Port Vale in front of only 1,875 spectators (losing 1–0). This was the lowest-ever crowd for a first-team match at The Dell.
He only missed one league match in 1936–37 as the Saints struggled to avoid relegation, finishing in 19th place, four points above the relegation zone. In January, the Saints played Football League champions Sunderland in a Third Round FA Cup match in front of a record crowd of 30,380. Sunderland won 3–2 and went on to take the cup in the Final the following May.
In his final season at The Dell, Sillett was appointed team captain, "leading the side with distinction", but began to suffer regularly from injuries causing him to miss a third of the season, at the end of which he decided to retire. During his seven years with Southampton, Sillett made a total of 183 appearances in League and Cup matches for the first team, scoring 10 goals. Throughout his entire Southampton career, the club was struggling both financially and on the pitch, regularly finishing in the lower half of the table.
Later career and death.
He had a brief career in non-league football with Guildford City, before becoming a publican at "The Lamb" at Nomansland in the New Forest.
During World War II, he enlisted in the Royal Navy, serving as a gunner. On 27 February 1945, he was a member of a DEMS gun crew on the Norwegian freighter SS "Corvus", which was part of convoy BTC 81, when the convoy was attacked by two German U-boats about seven miles from Lizard Point, Cornwall. "Corvus" was hit by a torpedo launched by "U-1018" and sank within a few minutes, resulting in the death of five of the freighter's Norwegian crew, a 16-year old British cabin boy, Thomas Boniface, and two of the three British gunners, Sillett and Dennis Baker. Both U-boats were sunk two hours later with depth charges from HMS "Loch Fada".
He is commemorated on the Chatham Naval Memorial.
Family.
Sillett was married to Anne and their children included Peter (born in Southampton on 1 February 1933) and John (born in Southampton on 20 July 1936). The two sons were trainees at Southampton after the war, both subsequently joining Chelsea. 
Peter played 64 games for Southampton, before moving to Chelsea in 1953, where he had a long career playing 260 league matches and going on to make three appearances for England in 1955. He was also a (non-playing) member of England's squad for the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
John never appeared in Southampton's first team, but joined his brother at Chelsea in 1954, making 93 appearances in the league. He subsequently played for Coventry City and Plymouth Argyle, before becoming a manager at Hereford United and then at Coventry City, where he won the 1987 FA Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="21631054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631054" title="Charles DeWitt Anderson">
Charles DeWitt Anderson

Charles DeWitt Anderson (July 1827 or 1829 – November 21, 1901) was an American soldier, railway builder, civil engineer, and lighthouse keeper. He served as an officer in the U.S. Army, and later as a Confederate officer during the American Civil War. Anderson was noted for his controversial surrender of Fort Gaines at the Battle of Mobile Bay in August 1864.
Early life and career.
Charles DeWitt Anderson was born in July of either 1827 or 1829 in South Carolina. In 1839 his family immigrated by sea to Texas, at the time an independent nation and not a U.S. state until 1845. During the voyage both of his parents died, and after arriving at the port of Galveston Anderson and his brother were adopted by an Episcopal minister, who raised them both.
In 1846 Anderson became the first Texan appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point. He had been recommended by Texas' founder, Sam Houston, and he began attending on September 1. Anderson struggled academically at West Point; during his sophomore year he was found "deficient" in both French and mathematics, and resigned from the academy on November 13, 1848. Despite this, in 1856 Anderson was directly commissioned into the U.S. Army as a second lieutenant on June 27. He was assigned to the 4th U.S. Artillery and was promoted to first lieutenant on July 6, 1859. Anderson served with the 4th in Florida and then in the Utah Territory, and he was there when the Civil War began in 1861. Acquiring a leave of absence he headed home, and (after covering about 100 miles of wintry terrain) Anderson then decided to resign from the U.S. Army, which was accepted effective on April 1, 1861.
Civil War service.
In late 1861 Anderson and the 20th Alabama were stationed at Knoxville, Tennessee, and on February 15, 1862, he left the unit to join the staff of Brig. Gen. Adley H. Gladden, posted at Mobile, Alabama. That April during the Battle of Shiloh, Anderson acted as his assistant adjutant general, but following Gladden's death in the battle the staff was broken up. The following month Anderson took command of the 21st Alabama Infantry, elected its colonel on May 8. The regiment became part of the defenses of Mobile, with Anderson commanding it for the remainder of 1862, all of 1863, and into 1864.
Fort Gaines.
By May 1864 Anderson was an acting brigadier general in the Confederate Army. That fall Union forces were operating against Mobile Bay, and Anderson was given command of Fort Gaines, situated directly across from Fort Morgan and resting on Dauphin Island. On August 5 the Union Navy ran past both forts, landing the infantry of Maj. Gen. Gordon Granger. Both forces then began bombarding Fort Gaines, with the heavy naval shells easily passing through the fort's walls. Despite receiving only moderate damage, Anderson's men panicked and demanded he surrender, which at first Anderson rejected, but realizing his command was about to mutiny he conceded defeat on August 8, after three days of shelling. Military historian Bruce Allardice summarized Anderson's predicament:
Anderson turned over between 818 and 864 men as well as 26 cannon. His superior, Brig. Gen. Richard L. Page, criticized the surrender as a "deed of dishonor and disgrace" and for his allowing Lt. Col. James M. Williams (Anderson's second in command) to abandon nearby Fort Powell late on August 5. Page said this despite his own surrender of Fort Morgan two weeks later and after a single day of bombardment. Military historian David J. Eicher considered Anderson's actions a "halfhearted attempt to defend the position." Anderson would spend the rest of the war confined to a military prison in New Orleans, Louisiana, and was paroled in 1865. David Farragut, the admiral commanding the Union Navy vessels during Battle of Mobile Bay, had Anderson in mind with one of his dying wishes. He requested that the sword he received during Anderson's surrender be returned to Anderson "in recognition of his gallantry." Farragut stated in his official report of the battle "that Anderson had put up a better fight than Page."
Postbellum career and death.
Returning to Texas after the conflict ended in 1865, Anderson found work in the construction of railroads. He was then elected for two terms as Austin's chief engineer. Anderson next went back to Galveston, Texas, where he built the Galveston Island Lighthouse. Beginning in 1895 and until his death six years later, Anderson was the lighthouse's keeper. He died there, reportedly of the "grippe", in November 1901, and was buried in Old Cahill Cemetery in Galveston.

</doc>
<doc id="21631105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631105" title="Village of Monroe Historic District">
Village of Monroe Historic District

The Village of Monroe Historic District, also known as the Smith's Mill Historic District, is located in Monroe, New York, United States. It is an irregularly shaped area containing 36 properties, primarily residential but with some churches and commercial buildings, in the center of the village, just east of its downtown. In 1998 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Most of the district is open space, taken up by a mill pond and park, a cemetery and the former site of a racetrack. Its buildings, mostly from the 19th century but some predating the Revolution, are clustered in a small area Stage Road and represent the early core of Monroe from the days when Smith's Mill, its first business, had dammed the waters of Ramapo Creek. They are also survivors of an 1892 fire that devastated the village. The Greek Revival and Federal architectural styles prevail, with some mid-19th-century Gothic Revival homes included. Among the contributing properties are the oldest Masonic Lodge in New York, the former Monroe Cheese Factory Plant where Velveeta was first manufactured, and the home of David Smith, the village's first settler.
Geography.
The most consistent boundary of the district is New York State Route 17M on its west, from Lake Street, including the entire mill pond and park, to a point a half-mile (1 km) west of its intersection with the Stage Road, now Orange County Route 19. A small area west of 17M, primarily along Stage but also including portions along Oakland, Mill and Ramapo streets, is included. The only other deviation from 17M is the exclusion of two large lots not part of Monroe Cemetery or the racetrack to the northeast of the 17M-Stage Road intersection.
Along the east, the boundary follows the west side of Mill Pond Parkway south from Lake, then runs east along the south side of Smithfield Court to follow the west side of Stage south for a short distance. Then it makes a zigzag path along lot boundaries to the junction of Carpenter Place and Maple Street. At that point it extends south to take in Monroe Cemetery, then returns to Stage and 17M.
History.
18th and 19th centuries.
The village of Monroe began with the arrival of David Smith, originally from Brookhaven on Long Island, who in 1747 bought a tract of the Cheesecocks Patent, where he had built a house six years earlier, in 1741, at what is now the junction of Maple and Stage. In 1761 he bought an adjacent tract, and these two purchases make up much of today's Monroe.
He had dammed the creek to start a mill, and very soon the settlement came to be known as Smith's Mills. As it continued to grow into the early 19th century, it was renamed to first Southfield and then, in 1808, Munroe, after a then-state senator. Later confusion over the spelling during the administration of President James Monroe led to the more common spelling being adopted, as well as stories that the village was named after the president.
This period of Monroe's growth is reflected in the Federal style houses within it, as well as McGarrah's Tavern at Stage and 17M. It was chartered as a Masonic lodge in 1814 and remains the oldest such building in New York.
By 1836 its economy included not only milling but an iron industry which not only smelted the ore in the nearby hills but made it into finished products like nails and anchors. The New York and Erie Railroad routed its main line through what was then the village's outskirts in 1841, opening up new markets to Monroe. During this period the Federal style began to yield in popularity to the Greek Revival mode. The 1811 Nicholas Knight House on Stage Road was later renovated into a strong example of this style, and the 1853 First Presbyterian Church of Monroe, also on Stage, shows a more advanced interpretation of the style.
The railroads would be responsible for the Monroe Cheese Company making Velveeta a nationally known brand from its 1873 introduction. Its Italianate brick former factory remains on Mill Pond Road. Of the different styles popular in the late Victorian period, the Queen Anne Style was most in evidence in Monroe. The 1841 Methodist Church on Maple Avenue was renovated along Queen Anne lines in 1885, and over a decade later, in 1896, the Church of the Sacred Heart was built in that style.
In 1892 a fire destroyed much of the village's then-downtown, to the east of the mill and older houses. The citizens responded by formally incorporating the village two years later, in order to establish a fire department and water supply system.
20th and 21st centuries.
New construction in the historic core of the village began to drop off in the early 20th century, as the village expanded and other areas were developed. The racetrack became a popular venue for the local harness racing circuit between 1908 and 1927. The Colonial Revival style was not as popular as its Victorian predecessors had been, so there are few examples of it in the district. The most notable is the American Foursquare house at 132 Stage Road, dating to 1910.
Since 1940 there has been no major new construction in the district, save the 1948 Classical Revival Monroe Theatre, next to the cheese factory. The racetrack's grandstand was demolished in 1964.
In 1998 Wendy Bush, a local resident descended from some early settlers, agitated for the creation of the historic district against opposition from many of its residents, who feared the zoning changes would greatly restrict their ability to develop their property. Since its creation there have been few efforts to promote the district or preserve and restore properties within it. In 2005 the village obtained a $250,000 state grant to cover half the price of the racetrack property, which it intended to develop into a park with walking trails. But when the state learned that the property's previous owner had placed a conservation easement on it, it reduced the size of the grant because the land was now protected. The land has remained undeveloped since then, and no new plan has been offered.
Significant contributing properties.
The 36 contributing properties contain 70 total buildings and structures. Of these 47 buildings and 9 structures, along with four sites, are considered historic resources of the district. None have yet been listed separately on the Register. Eight other buildings (mostly garages), and one structure, are of late 20th-century construction and are not considered contributing.

</doc>
<doc id="21631148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631148" title="Echinacea sanguinea">
Echinacea sanguinea

Echinacea sanguinea (Sanguine Purple Coneflower) is a herbaceous perennial native to open sandy fields and open pine woods and prairies in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Arkansas. It is the southernmost "Echinacea" species. The specific epithet "sanguinea", which is Latin for "blood", refers to the color of the petals.
"Echinacea sanguinea" grows to 1 m (3 ft) tall with an unbranched stem. The alternate leaves are typically close to the ground, growing 10–25 cm (4–10 in) long and 6 mm (¼ in) wide, with the upper leaves having long hairs. Each stem has one rose-pink to pale purple flower, up to 5 cm (2 in) long and 12 mm (½ in) wide, with 10–20 ray flowers that conspicuously droop. The 2.5 cm (1 in) cone-shaped center is purplish-brown on the outside and greenish toward the center.

</doc>
<doc id="21631155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631155" title="Buenos Aires Japanese Gardens">
Buenos Aires Japanese Gardens

The Buenos Aires Japanese Gardens () are a public space administered by the non-profit Japanese Argentine Cultural Foundation and are one of the largest gardens of its type in the World, outside of Japan.
Overview.
Following the demolition of a similar, smaller garden in the Retiro area, the Japanese Argentine Cultural Foundation secured a title to 2 hectares (5 acres) on the northeast corner of the city's extensive Parque Tres de Febrero for the purpose of creating a replacement. Completed in 1967, the gardens were inaugurated on occasion of a State visit to Argentina by then-Crown Prince Akihito and Princess Michiko of Japan.
Its entrance on Figueroa Alcorta Avenue led to the gardens, a cultural center, restaurant, a greenhouse known for its collection of bonsai trees and a gift shop featuring an extensive selection of Asian garden seeds, as well as craftwork made by artisans on the grounds. The central lake is crossed by the Divine Bridge, traditionally representing entry into Heaven and by the Truncated Bridge, leading to an island where Japanese medicinal herbs are grown. 
The lake is surrounded by flora of Japan, such as sakura, katsura, momiji and azalea. The park, however, also features complementing species native to South America, notably tipa and floss silk trees. The lake itself is populated with carp. Small numbers of epiphytic bromeliads of genus Tillandsia can be seen as well as one orchid of the widespread and diverse genus Oncidium.
The park is also graced by a Japanese Peace Bell and a large "ishidoro" (石灯ろう Japanese stone lanterns central to their Buddhist traditions), as well as numerous other granite sculptures. A Japanese Buddhist Temple is maintained on the grounds and the Institute also hosts regular cultural activities for the general public.
Alfred Zucker designed an open air theatre for the park.

</doc>
<doc id="21631162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631162" title="Mohamed Abdi Mohamed">
Mohamed Abdi Mohamed

Mohamed Abdi Mohamed (Gandhi) (, ) is a Somali geologist, anthropologist, historian and politician. He is the former Minister of Defense of Somalia, and the former President of Azania (Jubaland).
Biography.
Professor Mohamed Abdi Xaji-Mohamed, Nicknamed "Gandhi" is from Somalia. From childhood, young Mohamed was great student and managed to memorize the Koran at an early age and he excelled in his elementary schooling as well. He was accepted the most prestigious high school at the time Jamal Abdelnazer high school in the Somali Capital of Mogadishu where he graduated as honor student in the class of 1970. He was one of the top students in his high school and the entire country for that year and was awarded a full a scholarship to go to France for higher education. The professor arrived France in October 1972 to attend the Besançon University. There he majored in Geology and graduated with a B.A. in September 1976. Then he continued on to acquire his Master of Science in Geology in 1979. He obtained his PhD in applied geology in June 1983. The title of the thesis was "Study of Geology and Hydrogeology of the Central Somalia Basin (Somali Democratic Republic)”. After graduation, Gandhi started lecturing at the same University.
The Professor’s love for higher education did not stop there, but he continued to pursue another major (history and civilization of antique) and received his second Ph. D in 1990. Through that decade the professor did continued lecturing the university of Besançon, France.
Prof Gandhi also received his Certificate in Anthropology of Space, around the month of March 1992, at University of New Lisbon, under the Erasmus exchange. In addition to that he received a Higher Degree by Research (HDR) from Besançon University in Besançon, France. In 1998, Where he can lead and supervise Ph.D research. Prof Gandhi was awarded an International Baccalaureate Diploma from the French Academy.
He also served as a senior program advisor of UNDP Somalia in Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration (DDR).
An active participant in the Somali peace process, Gandhi was a Lead Consultant in Mapping the Somali Civil Society. He also chaired the Technical Committee at the Arta Somali Peace process that took place in Arta, Djibouti, as well as being a member of the Somali Civil Society at the Somali Peace and Reconciliation Conference that was held in Kenya.
Mohamed Cabdi Mohamed (Gandhi) is an accomplished author; he has published 12 books in addition to more than 50 scientific articles in various academic journals. He has also edited three studies.
Professor Mohamed Abdi Mohamed recently elected the President of Azania States in 2011. Professor Gandhi previously served as a Defense Secretary and, Minister of Air and Transportation in the Somali Transitional Federal Government. Professor is still serving Member of Parliament of TFG.
Professional activities.
During his studies in France, Prof Gandhi returned every year in Somalia to teach and support as a Professor in the Departments of History and Geology at the University of Mogadishu. Since 1987
Professor was consultant to the National Museum of Somalia (since 1988) which he had set the task of identifying and classifying ancient manuscripts (especially those held by the Sheikhs and clqn leaders) to build a directory of literary ( oral or written) and objects of art.
Prof Gandhi is the Co-founding member of the Association Somali Peace Line, Paris, 1996.
Prof Gandhi worked as a Consultant to “Doctors Without Borders” from Switzerland, Spain and other international organizations between Jan 2006-Feb 2007 where they build schools and training center for nurses and he built clinic in Kulbiyoow, Lower Jubba and surrounding area where his beloved mother was born. In addition, the professor Gandhi built a mosque and education center for midwife nurse clinic in memory of his beloved mother.
Professor Gandhi worked as Consultant Expert to UNESCO between 1995 and 1998, where he wrote many books and articles, including:
Professor Gandhi is an Associate Member of the Institute of Science and Techniques of the Ancient World (ISTA), CNRS, ESA 6048 (since 1992), he is still a supervisor of research.
Prof Gandhi worked as Research Officer 1st Class, March 1999-February 2001 IRD: at the Institute of Development Research (formerly ORSTOM)
Gandhi was the Technical Committee Chairman for the Conference for Peace held at Arta in Djibouti (Republic of Djibouti), from March to September 2000.
Senior Program Adviser, SCPP, UNDP, 2002.
Administrative activities: Creation of "Somali Studies" in France and Europe edition of collected works.
Co-founding member of the French Association of Somali Studies (established 1986) and the European Association of Somali Studies (established 1990). To bring together researchers "Somaliazation" Europe, these associations have organized several seminars and cultural events. Professor Gandhi was responsible for preparing the following events:
First conference of Somali Studies, Paris, IMA, 11–13 July 1988 in collaboration with Mrs. Danièle Kintz and Mr. Osman Omar Rabah;
Second Conference of Somali Studies, Besançon, 8–11 October 1990 and accompanying exhibitions (Dole and Besançon);
Forum: "The civil war in Somalia: When and How? Why?", Paris, IMA, 7–8 April 1992;
Forum: "Peace and Reconciliation in Somalia", Paris, IMA, 15–17 April 1993;
Congress of Somali Studies on the theme "For a Culture of Peace in Somalia", Paris, 25–27 October 1995.
During his time as a Defense minister, Professor Gandhi organized and held meeting in Washington DC that he aimed to bring together former high-ranking officers from the military, police, custodial and intelligence services for in-depth discussions on both the historical background of the Somali security forces, and on the re-establishment and the strengthening of the capacity of the security sector institutions in Somalia. He proposed 36 thousand strong army led by former Somali senior military to revive the Somali nationhood.
Political career.
Minister of Defense.
On February 21, 2009, Gandhi was appointed Somalia's Minister of Defense by the nation's then head of government, Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke. He held the position until November 10, 2010.
President of Azania.
On April 3, 2011, the establishment of a new autonomous region in southern Somalia was announced. Referred to as "Azania" (formerly Jubaland), the nascent polity is led by Gandhi, who is serving as its first President. According to President Gandhi, "Azania" was selected as the name for the new administration because of its historical importance, as "Azania was a name given to Somalia more than 2,500 years ago and it was given by Egyptian sailors who used to get a lot of food reserves from the Somali Coast[...] Its origin is Arabic word meaning the land of plenty."
Gandhi's first stated policy initiative was to remove the Al Shabaab group of militants from the territory.
Gandhi held position of President of Jubaland until May 15, 2013, when Ahmed Mohamed Islam was elected to the office.

</doc>
<doc id="21631169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631169" title="Mike E. Clark discography">
Mike E. Clark discography

Mike E. Clark is an American producer and DJ currently signed to Hatchet House. His discography consists of four mixtapes under his own name, as well as numerous production credits. Clark is best known for his work with Insane Clown Posse, for which he has produced nine studio albums. Clark has produced solo material for members Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, in addition to contributing production to artists signed to the Psychopathic Records label founded by Insane Clown Posse.

</doc>
<doc id="21631187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631187" title="Aromatase deficiency">
Aromatase deficiency

Aromatase deficiency is a condition resulting from insufficient production of the enzyme aromatase, which can lead to inappropriate virilization in females.
One notable feature is that it can also affect the mother during gestation with increased facial hair growth and deepening of the voice. Increased circulating testosterone levels are the primary cause. These symptoms resolve after birth. The deficiency also causes the virilization of XX fetuses, and although they will have normal female internal genitalia, clitoromegaly often results from the high androgen levels in utero, along with ambiguous external genitalia upon birth. 
Testosterone may be normal or elevated.
The lack of estrogen results in the presentation of primary amenorrhea and tall stature; the latter occurs because estrogen normally causes fusion of the epiphyseal growth plates. The gonadotropins LH and FSH will both be elevated and patients present with polycystic ovaries. Furthermore, the low estrogen will predispose those with the condition to osteoporosis. 

</doc>
<doc id="21631216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631216" title="Iron Wok Jan">
Iron Wok Jan

Its sequel, is also released in Japan by Akita Shoten and in France by Soleil Manga.
Manga.
Akita Shoten released the 27 "bound volumes" manga between June 1995 and March 2000. The manga was re-released into 16 kanzenban volumes between December 2004 and September 2007.
Akita Shoten started releasing the sequel, "Iron Wok Jan! R: The Summit Operations", from March 8, 2007.
ComicsOne published the manga's 27 "bound volumes" between December 15, 2002 and December 28, 2007.
Reception.
Comics Worth Reading's Johanna Draper Carlson comments on the illustrator's use of caricatures to dramatise the manga. Manga Life's Michael Aronson commends the manga for its art and its ability to appeal to audiences. Animefringe.com's Ridwan Khan comments on the "love-hate relationship" between Jan and Kiriko. IGN's A.E. Sparrow comments on the artist's ability to make a cooking competition as compelling to watch "as watching two feudal clans go to war".

</doc>
<doc id="21631217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631217" title="San Francisco mayoral election, 1995">
San Francisco mayoral election, 1995

The 1995 San Francisco mayoral election was held on November 7, 1995, with a runoff election held on December 12, 1995. Former Speaker of the California State Assembly Willie Brown defeated incumbent mayor Frank Jordan in a runoff election to become the 41st Mayor of San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="21631231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631231" title="Saga (album)">
Saga (album)

Saga is the first studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in June 1978.
The Chapters.
Two of the songs, "Will It Be You? (Chapter Four)," and "Tired World (Chapter Six)," were part of a series of eight (but later sixteen) songs that Saga included within their first four albums called "The Chapters", which told the story of a young Albert Einstein. These songs were later included on "The Chapters LIVE," an album that the band recorded in 2005. To date, there's been no official compilation of the chapters in their studio incarnation.

</doc>
<doc id="21631252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631252" title="Congress of Democratic Trade Unions (Quebec)">
Congress of Democratic Trade Unions (Quebec)

The Congress of Democratic Trade Unions (French: "Centrale des syndicats démocratiques" or CSD) is a national trade union centre in Quebec formed on 8 June 1972 in response to a split within the Confederation of National Trade Unions Confédération des syndicats nationaux, CSN).
It is the smallest of the four labour centres in Quebec, with about 4% (62,770 members) of the union membership in the province. 
The split was led by dissident members of the CSN executive Paul-Émile Dalpé, Jacques Dion and Amédée Daigle, referred to as the "Three Ds", who said they wanted a more democratic union body and one which would be politically neutral, as distinct from the political militancy of the CSN. Paul-Émile Dalpé was the first president of the CSD, Dion was treasurer and Daigle was director of services. Jean-Paul Hétu was vice-president and Réal Labelle was secretary.
Dalpé was succeeded as president by Jean-Paul Hétu who held office until 1989, when Claude Gingras became president.

</doc>
<doc id="21631256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631256" title="Younus College of Engineering &amp; Technology">
Younus College of Engineering &amp; Technology

The Younus College of Engineering, or Younus College, is situated in the Kollam district of Kerala state in India.
General information.
The Younus College of Engineering was established in 2002. The campus is situated near Pallimukku, 4 km from Kollam (railway station).
It is a self-financed engineering college in the private sector, recognised by Govt. of Kerala and approved by All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi. The College is affiliated to the University of Kerala.
The college admits students on a mostly meritorial basis through an All Kerala Engineering Entrance Examination.
History.
The college was started in 2002 by Fathima Memorial Educational Trust, at Manakkad, Vadakkevila, Kollam -10, 4 km east of Kollam Railway Station.
Admissions.
The institute admits students based on the following entrance exams.
Kerala Engineering Entrance Examination, KEAM conducted by the Office of the Commissioner of Entrance Exams run by the Government of Kerala.
Management Attitude Test (MAT) conducted by the All India Management Association.
Accreditation (B.Tech and postgraduate).
The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has accredited the following courses of the college. The college is affiliated to the University of Kerala. National Board of Accreditation. 
Benefits of the NBA accreditation are AICTE preferential funding, preference from companies conducting campus interviews, exemption from undergoing eligibility tests for higher studies, and employment in foreign countries that have a tieup with NBA.
The Trust.
The Fathima Memorial Educational Trust was registered in 1991. The trust undertakes social service activities such as free distribution of books and clothes to the poor people, scholarships to the deserving students, medical and financial aid to the old and poor people.
The members of the trust are:
College associations.
Co-curricular activities.
ISTE Students’ Chapter
ISTE is a national society for teachers and students of the technical education system. ISTE is a strategic partner of AICTE. The objective of ISTE is to assist in the production of professional engineers and technicians.
IEEE YCET students’ chapter
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, a non-profit organization, is an association for the advancement of technology. Members use the IEEE as a source of technical and professional information, resources and services. IEEE has student members in colleges and universities around the world.
Institution of Engineers (India) students’ chapter
The Institution of Engineers students’ chapter is an engineering professional society, promoting the science, practice and business of engineering.
Extra-curricular activities.
I3 Club (Industry Institution Interaction Club)
The Club promotes interaction between the students and working engineers. Activity includes industrial visits on local, state and national level and students can take case study projects in working environment.
YCET Alumni Association ( YCETAA)
The alumni association was formed in 2007, to establish contact between alumni and the college.
NSS Unit
The National Service Scheme, known as NSS, inculcates a spirit of voluntary work among the students and teachers through local level community interaction. The department of Youth Affairs and Sports of the Government of India and Ministry of Human Resource Development (New Delhi) considers NSS a priority programme. The NSS Programme Officer: Mr. J Jafeesh, Lecturer in Applied Science.
Student Clubs
Energy Environment Conservation Club,

</doc>
<doc id="21631259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631259" title="Horatio Boileau Goad">
Horatio Boileau Goad

Horatio Boileau Goad (18 September 1839 – 12 February 1896) was a policeman who rose to be the secretary of the Municipal Corporation of Simla, British India. He had an extraordinary knowledge of local languages and customs and was a master of disguise. He was the eldest son of Major Samuel Boileau Goad who built and owned 33 homes in Simla. Rudyard Kipling based the character Strickland in Plain Tales from the Hills on Goad. Goad committed suicide in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="21631260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631260" title="Patsy Lawlor">
Patsy Lawlor

Patsy Lawlor (born 17 March 1933 – 19 December 1997) was an Irish politician, nurse and businesswoman. She was elected to Seanad Éireann on the Cultural and Educational Panel in 1981 as a Fine Gael member. She lost her seat at the 1983 Seanad election. She was president of the Irish Countrywomen's Association for many years.
At the 1991 local elections, she was elected as an independent member to Kildare County Council for the Naas electoral area. She was an unsuccessful independent candidate at the 1992 general election for the Kildare constituency.
Her son Anthony Lawlor was elected as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kildare North constituency at the 2011 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21631262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631262" title="Jenny Miller">
Jenny Miller

Jenny Miller is a Canadian - Native American born-Filipina actress . She is known on her role as Beverly Castro in the TV remake of the 1986 film Babangon Ako't Dudurugin Kita that aired on GMA Network in 2008.
Career.
Miller started her acting career on the ABS-CBN TV network in the Philippines. She first appeared in the show "Buttercup" (2003) and then got a spot in the supporting cast on the series "Marina" as Vyxia in 2004. Then followed her role as a Fire Fairy on the horror series "Spirits" (2005). Her last show on ABS-CBN was "Kokey", a fantasy kids series.
Miller changed to the rival GMA Network in 2007. Her first role was on "Impostora" co-starring with Iza Calzado, Sunshine Dizon and Jean Garcia. She became one of the main cast of the drama "Babangon Ako't Dudurugin Kita" in the role of Beverly, which aired in 2008. In 2009 Miller guest starred on the series "All About Eve".
She is an additional cast member on the series "Luna Mystica" as one of the villains. Presently she is also a regular cast member of the horror drama series "Midnight DJ" aired on TV5 in the role of Trixie, and she is in the supporting cast on the TV show "All My Life" on the GMA Network. In 2010, she also appears in the GMA made for TV movie "Tinik Sa Dibdib".
She is currently under contract to the GMA-7 television network in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="21631282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631282" title="Images at Twilight">
Images at Twilight

Images At Twilight is the second studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in October 1979.
The Chapters.
Two of the songs, "Images (Chapter One)," and "It's Time (Chapter Three)," were part of a series of eight (but later sixteen) songs that Saga included within their first four albums called "The Chapters," which told the story of a young Albert Einstein. To date, there's been no official compilation of the chapters in their studio incarnation.
Personnel.
Saga:
Credits:

</doc>
<doc id="21631293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631293" title="Ha-101-class submarine">
Ha-101-class submarine

The was a transport submarine of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN), serving during late World War II. The IJN planned to build 12 boats, but only 10 vessels were completed by the end of the war. The IJN called these submarines . Several boats were converted to tankers or mother ships for the midget submarines.
Planned construction.
Project number S57. In February 1944, the IJN planned a small-size transport submarine, the IJA planned the "Maru Yu".

</doc>
<doc id="21631297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631297" title="The Motown Song">
The Motown Song

The Motown Song is a song performed by Rod Stewart and featuring The Temptations. The song is from Stewart's 1991 album Vagabond Heart. The song peaked at #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart on September 21, 1991. It also peaked at #3 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. It was written by Larry John McNally and was originally recorded by McNally for the soundtrack to the film " Quicksilver" in 1986.
Music video.
The music video with Rod Stewart was produced by Animation City, an animation company in London, England, directed by Derek Hayes. It followed the success of the Madonna video "Dear Jessie", and Elton John's "Club at the End of the Street", by the same company.
It paid tribute to Motown (featuring animated versions of The Temptations and The Supremes) and featured other charting stars of the time, including animated versions of Vanilla Ice, Sinéad O'Connor, Michael Jackson, Madonna and Elton John; along with both a live action and an animated Rod Stewart with his animated dog.

</doc>
<doc id="21631305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631305" title="Johann Peter Beaulieu">
Johann Peter Beaulieu

Johann Peter de Beaulieu, also Jean Pierre de Beaulieu, born 26 October 1725 in Lathuy, Brabant, Belgium– died 22 December 1819, was an Austrian military officer. He joined the Austrian army and fought against the Prussians during the Seven Years' War. A cultured man, he later battled Belgian rebels and earned promotion to general officer. During the French Revolutionary Wars he fought against the First French Republic and attained high command. In 1796, a young Napoleon Bonaparte won some of his first victories against an army led by Beaulieu. He retired and was the Proprietor (Inhaber) of an Austrian infantry regiment until his death.
Early career.
Born in Lathuy Castle, Jodoigne in the Austrian Netherlands (now Walloon Brabant, Belgium) in 1725, Beaulieu joined the Austrian army in 1743 and fought in the War of the Austrian Succession. During the Seven Years' War he served first as an infantry officer and later on the staff of Feldmarschall Leopold Daun. Beaulieu was wounded in the Battle of Kolin and also fought at the battles of Leuthen, Hochkirch, Maxen, and other actions. He received the Knight's Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa in 1760. "As a young man, his bold and fiery character combined with his great energy and constant activity had made him well-suited to the military life."
Beaulieu married Marie-Louise Robert in 1763; in 1776 she died. He was artistically inclined. He designed improvements for several palaces, designed and laid out a formal garden, and collected art work. He became a General-Major in 1789 and helped crush the Brabant Revolt against Austrian rule, though his only son was killed during the uprising. For his services, in 1790, the Austrian army promoted him to Feldmarschall-Leutnant and awarded him the Commander's Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa.
French Revolutionary Wars.
1792-1795.
In the years from 1792 to 1795, Beaulieu fought against France in the Flanders Campaign and later on the Rhine. On 28–29 April 1792, he won one of the first engagements of the War of the First Coalition at Mons. With 5,000 Austrian troops and 18 artillery pieces, he defeated Armand Louis de Gontaut's 7,500 soldiers and 36 guns, inflicting 400 casualties for a loss of only 30. He bested the French in another clash at Harelbeke on 23 June. On this occasion he led a corps of 11,050 men and 10 guns against 7,000 Frenchmen and 6 guns from Nicolas Luckner's army. At the unsuccessful siege of Lille from 25 September to 8 October, he commanded a division in the army of Duke Albert of Saxe-Teschen. His command included three and a half infantry battalions under Karl von Biela, nine cavalry squadrons led by Ludwig Franz Civalart d'Happoncourt, eight squadrons commanded by Charles Eugene, Prince of Lambesc, and Karl Friedrich von Lindenau's sappers and pontonniers. 
On 6 November 1792, Beaulieu led Saxe-Teschen's left wing at the Battle of Jemappes. His command included one battalion of the "Hohenlohe" Infantry Regiment # 17, two battalions of the "Stuart" Infantry Regiment # 18, five companies of the "Serbian" Freikorps, and one squadron of the "Blankenstein" Hussar Regiment # 16. He led a force during the successful defense of Trier in December 1792. With 5,000 troops, including five battalions and four squadrons, he repulsed an 8,000-man French attack on Wervik on 28 August 1793. He participated in the siege of Le Quesnoy from 28 August to 13 September. In this successful action in which 5,000 French soldiers were killed or captured, he was subordinate to François Sébastien de Croix de Clerfayt. 
On 26 June 1794, he commanded the fifth column in the Battle of Fleurus. This powerful column consisted of 16 battalions, 22 squadrons, and 18 guns. After the defeat at Fleurus, Prince Josias of Coburg, who disliked Beaulieu, dismissed him. From 1792 to 1794, he was Proprietor (Inhaber) of Infantry Regiment # 31, a Hungarian unit. On 7 July 1794, he received the Grand Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa.
1796.
On 4 March 1796, Beaulieu was promoted to Feldzeugmeister and transferred to command the 32,000-strong Austrian army in northern Italy. He faced a French army with a newly created commander, Napoleon Bonaparte. Together with a 17,000-man army from the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia, Beaulieu's task was to defend the crest of the Ligurian Alps and the northern Apennines in order to keep the French armies from entering the Po River basin of northern Italy. Secret orders from the Austrian government warned him that his Sardinian ally might soon change sides, and was not to be trusted. These instructions prevented Beaulieu from effectively cooperating with the Sardinian commander, Michelangelo Colli-Marchi, a personal friend. 
In the event, Bonaparte outmaneuvered Beaulieu during the Montenotte Campaign. After the French mauled his right wing in battles at Montenotte and Dego, Beaulieu watched in stunned inactivity as the French knocked Sardinia out of the war at the battles of Millesimo, Ceva, and Mondovì. Beaulieu withdrew his army behind the Po, hoping the river would stop the French advance. But Bonaparte marched west to cross the river near Piacenza, behind the Austrian left flank. The French defeated Anton Lipthay de Kisfalud at the Battle of Fombio on 7 to 9 May 1796. Hastily, Beaulieu withdrew his army to the east, dropping off a force under Karl Philipp Sebottendorf to hold the bridge over the Adda River at Lodi. Bonaparte seized the bridge in the Battle of Lodi on 10 May, driving back Sebottendorf with losses of 2,000 casualties and 14 guns. The Austrians abandoned Duchy of Milan and pulled back to the Mincio River. A minor defeat at the Battle of Borghetto on 30 May forced Beaulieu to abandon the Mincio line and retreat north to the Tyrol. Before leaving the Po valley, he left a strong garrison in the fortress of Mantua. The Siege of Mantua would become the focus of many battles during the remainder of 1796. During the retreat, Beaulieu relieved Lipthay from command of the rearguard for retreating too quickly. Thomas Graham, an English observer with the Austrian army, noted that Beaulieu seemed to expect too much from his soldiers, was irritated, and tended to blame the failure of his plans on others for not properly executing his orders. Graham also deplored the "petty intrigue" among the Austrian officers.
Retirement.
After Borghetto, Emperor Francis II replaced Beaulieu with Dagobert Sigmund von Wurmser. Beaulieu went into retirement after the 1796 campaign. In 1794, he had become proprietor of a Walloon regiment. The "Beaulieu" Infantry Regiment # 58 served in the Danube theater during the War of the Third Coalition and the War of the Fifth Coalition. Beaulieu died in Linz, Austria in 1819.

</doc>
<doc id="21631322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631322" title="Silent Knight (album)">
Silent Knight (album)

Silent Knight is the third studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in November 1980.
The Chapters.
Two of the songs, "Don't Be Late (Chapter Two)," and "Too Much to Lose (Chapter Seven)," were part of a series of eight (but later sixteen) songs that Saga included within their first four albums called "The Chapters" which told the story of a young Albert Einstein. These songs were later included on "The Chapters LIVE," an album that the band recorded in 2005. To date, there's been no official compilation of the chapters in their studio incarnation. Silent Knight is certified Gold in Canada. The Einstein Tower in Potsdam was used as a template for the album cover.
Personnel.
Saga:
Credits:

</doc>
<doc id="21631336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631336" title="Mexican Central Railway">
Mexican Central Railway

The Mexican Central Railway ("Ferrocarril Central Mexicano") was one of the primary pre-nationalization railways of Mexico. Incorporated in Massachusetts in 1880, it opened the main line in March 1884, linking Mexico City to Ciudad Juárez, across the Rio Grande from El Paso and connections to the Southern Pacific Railroad, Texas and Pacific Railway, and Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Other major branches included Irapuato to Guadalajara (completed in 1888), Chicalote to Tampico (completed in 1890), and Guadalajara to Manzanillo (completed in 1908). The Mexican Central acquired control in June 1901 of the Monterey and Mexican Gulf Railroad, which connected the Mexican International Railroad at Reata (near Monterrey) to Tampico, and connected its main line with this line at the Monterrey end through a branch from Gómez Palacio. The Mexico, Cuernavaca and Pacific Railroad, owner of an unfinished line from Mexico City to Acapulco (completed to Rio Balsas), joined the system in November 1902, and in 1905 the Mexican Central bought the Coahuila and Pacific Railway (Torreón to Saltillo), which paralleled the branch from Gómez Palacio to Monterrey and was to be operated jointly with the National Railroad of Mexico.
The Mexican government gained control in 1906, and in February 1909 the Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México ("National Railways of Mexico") took over the property. Following privatization in the 1990s, Ferromex acquired most of the former Mexican Central, the primary exception being the branch from Chicalote to Tampico, which was assigned to Transportación Ferroviaria Mexicana (now Kansas City Southern de México).

</doc>
<doc id="21631436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631436" title="Marcia Neugebauer">
Marcia Neugebauer

Marcia Neugebauer (born September 27, 1932) is a prominent American geophysicist who made important contributions to space physics. Neugebauer's pioneering research yielded the first direct measurements of the solar wind and shed light on its physics and interaction with comets. 
Neugebauer was a primary investigator of the Mariner 2 plasma analyzer that made the first extensive measurements of the solar wind and discovery of its properties. She also developed analytical instruments that orbited Earth, some set up on the moon by the Apollo astronauts, and others that flew by Halley's comet on the European Giotto mission. 
Neugebauer was Study Scientist for many space missions during her long career with NASA, and held several management positions at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, including Manager of the Physics and Space Physics sections, Manager of the Mariner Mark II study team, and Project Scientist for Rangers 1 and 2 and the Comet Rendezvous Asteroid Flyby mission. 
In 1967 the Museum of Science and Industry named Neugebauer "California Woman Scientist of the Year." She received many awards from NASA, including the Exceptional Scientific Achievement Award, the Outstanding Leadership Medal, and the Distinguished Service Medal (the highest award given by NASA). 
Neugebauer served as president of the American Geophysical Union and was Editor-in-Chief of its journal "Reviews of Geophysics". She also chaired the National Academy of Sciences' Committee on Solar and Space Physics. 
Neugebauer was born in New York City. She received a B.A. in physics from Cornell University in 1954, followed by an M.S. in physics from the University of Illinois in Urbana in 1956. She was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Physics in 1998 by the University of New Hampshire. In 2010 Neugebauer was awarded the Arctowski Medal from the National Academy of Sciences.
She is married to Gerry Neugebauer.

</doc>
<doc id="21631455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631455" title="Tricholoma terreum">
Tricholoma terreum

Tricholoma terreum, commonly known as the grey knight or dirty tricholoma, is a grey-capped mushroom of the large genus "Tricholoma". It is found in coniferous woodlands in Europe, and has also been encountered under introduced pine trees in Australia. It was historically regarded as edible, but, in 2014, scientists discovered that it may be poisonous. 
Taxonomy.
It was originally described as "Agaricus terreus" by Jacob Christian Schäffer in 1762, and as "Agaricus myomyces" by mycologist Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1794. It was given its current binomial name by German Paul Kummer in 1871. It is commonly known as the grey knight from its discoloured gills. According to some European mycologists, "Tricholoma myomyces" is a synonym, but this is not universally accepted.
Description.
The cap is 4–7 cm (1.6–2.6 in) wide and evenly covered in fine grey scales. Convex with a slight boss, it is broadly conical in shape. The whitish stipe is 3–8 cm (1.2–3.2 in) high and 1.5 cm wide and has no ring. There is no ring or volva. The whitish flesh is thin, easily broken, and has a pleasant mild (not mealy) smell and taste. The widely spaced and uneven gills are free (unattached to the stipe). The spore print is white, the oval spores 6–7 μm long by 3.5-4.4 μm wide.
It could be confused with the larger (and poisonous) "T. pardinum" has a mealy smell and cap scales; the edible "T. orirubens" has fine dark scales and pinkish gills.
Distribution and habitat.
"Tricholoma terreum" is found in Europe, where fruiting bodies appear under conifers, particularly pine and spruce, from late summer to late autumn. They may also arise in parks near these trees, and grow in fairy rings. They are generally in quite densely populated groups though not bunched. It has been recorded growing under exotic "Pinus radiata" plantations in Australia.
Edibility.
With a mild taste, the species used to be regarded as a good edible. It is seen in markets in France, along with "Clitocybe nebularis" and "Tricholoma portentosum". However, some authorities recommend that inexperienced pickers avoid all grey tricholomas. Recent chemical tests show that this species contains toxins which cause rhabdomyolysis. [http://www.rsc.org/chemistryworld/2014/06/fatal-toxins-identified-edible-tricholoma-terreum-equestre-wild-mushrooms]

</doc>
<doc id="21631460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631460" title="Syzygium crebrinerve">
Syzygium crebrinerve

Syzygium crebrinerve is a fairly common Australian tree, growing from near Taree, New South Wales (31 ° S) to Calliope in Queensland (24 ° S). Common names include Purple Cherry, Rose Satinash, and Black Water Gum. The habitat of "Syzygium crebrinerve" is sub tropical rainforest on basaltic or fertile alluvial soils.
Description.
"Syzygium crebrinerve" is a medium to tall tree, occasionally reaching 45 metres in height and a metre in trunk diameter. The tree's crown appears dark and full, though new growth is bright red.
The bark is a grey/fawn colour, with numerous depressions caused by the shedding of scales of bark. New live bark is a purplish brown colour. Large "Syzygium crebrinerve" are significantly buttressed at the base.
Leaves, Flowers and Fruit.
The leaves are opposite, simple, and entire, up to 11 cm long. Margins are narrowed at each end and drawn out into a point. Young leaves are bright red. Oil dots of various sizes, the largest visible to the naked eye. Leaf stalks are 6 mm long.
Flowers are white, appearing in November and December, in panicles at the ends of branchlets.
The fruit matures from January to April, being a flattened berry, a common shape of many Syzygium. Colours range from pink to purple. The flesh is unpalatable to humans, being dry and tasteless, but is eaten by many rainforest birds, including the Topknot Pigeon.
Cultivation.
Seed germination is slow, erratic and unreliable. Fruit is prone to insect attack. Soaking of the seeds is recommended to drown insect larvae. Germination results can range from 27% to 100%.

</doc>
<doc id="21631462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631462" title="Diwan-Ballubhai School">
Diwan-Ballubhai School

Diwan-Ballubhai School is a School in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Established in 1908 with 102 students on the roll it is one of the oldest schools in the city. Diwan Ballubhai school has right now two campuses in Maninagar and Paldi areas of Ahmedabad. Diwan Ballubhai school offers education from Nursery to 12th Standard. Diwan Ballubhai school is renowned school among Gujarati medium schools and it completed its 100th anniversary on 6 January 2008.Moreover, since 2012 english medium is also running on paldi campus.
History.
The school started its operations in 1908, at Maskati Market in Kalupur area of Ahmedabad. At that time the school only had 102 students. Then in 1912 the school shifted its operations at Balentine Haveli, Teen Darwaja. The school got re affiliated with Mumbai University in 1926. The school's Principal went to jail two times for Non-cooperation movement and so the government cancelled the registration of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="21631471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631471" title="Display lag">
Display lag

Display lag is a phenomenon associated with some types of liquid crystal displays (LCDs), and nearly all types of high-definition televisions (HDTVs). It refers to latency, or lag measured by the difference between the time there is a signal input, and the time it takes the input to display on the screen. This lag time has been measured as high as or the equivalent of 3-4 frames on a 60 Hz display. Display lag is not to be confused with pixel response time. Currently the majority of manufacturers do not include any specification or information about their tvs' latency on the TV's they produce.
Analog vs digital technology.
For older analog cathode ray tube (CRT) technology, display lag is extremely low, due to the nature of the technology, which does not have the ability to store image data before display. The picture signal is minimally processed internally, simply for demodulation from a radio-frequency (RF) carrier wave (for televisions), and then splitting into separate signals for the red, green, and blue electron guns, and for timing of the vertical and horizontal sync. Image adjustments typically involved reshaping the signal waveform but without storage, so the image is written to the screen as fast as it is received, with only nanoseconds of delay for the signal to traverse the wiring inside the device from input to the screen.
For modern digital signals, significant computer processing power and memory storage is needed to prepare an input signal for display. For either over-the-air or cable TV, the same analog demodulation techniques are used, but after that, then the signal is converted to digital data, which must be decompressed using the MPEG codec, and rendered into an image bitmap stored in a frame buffer.
For progressive scan display modes, the signal processing stops here, and the frame buffer is immediately written to the display device. In its simplest form, this processing may take several microseconds to occur.
For interlaced video, additional processing is frequently applied to deinterlace the image and make it seem to be clearer or more detailed than it actually is. This is done by storing several interlaced frames and then applying algorithms to determine areas of motion and stillness, and to either merge interlaced frames for smoothing or extrapolate where pixels are in motion, the resulting calculated frame buffer is then written to the display device.
De-interlacing imposes a delay that can be no shorter than the number of frames being stored for reference, plus an additional variable period for calculating the resulting extrapolated frame buffer.
Causes of display lag.
While the pixel response time of the display is usually listed in the monitor's specifications, no manufacturers advertise the display lag of their displays, likely because the trend has been to increase display lag as manufacturers find more ways to process input at the display level before it is shown. Possible culprits are the processing overhead of HDCP, Digital Rights Management (DRM), and also DSP techniques employed to reduce the effects of ghosting – and the cause may vary depending on the model of display. Investigations have been performed by several technology-related websites, some of which are listed at the bottom of this article.
LCD, plasma, and DLP displays, unlike CRTs, have a native resolution. That is, they have a fixed grid of pixels on the screen that show the image sharpest when running at the native resolution (so nothing has to be scaled full-size which blurs the image). In order to display non-native resolutions, such displays must use video scalers, which are built into most modern monitors. As an example, a display that has a native resolution of 1600x1200 being provided a signal of 640x480 must scale width and height by 2.5x to display the image provided by the computer on the native pixels. In order to do this, while producing as few artifacts as possible, advanced signal processing is required, which can be a source of introduced latency. Interlaced video signals such as 480i and 1080i require a deinterlacing step that adds lag. Anecdotally, display lag is significantly less when displays operate in native resolutions for a given LCD screen and in a progressive scanning mode. External devices have also been shown to reduce overall latency by providing faster image-space resizing algorithms than those present in the LCD screen.
Many LCDs also use a technology called "overdrive" which buffers several frames ahead and processes the image to reduce blurring and streaks left by ghosting. The effect is that everything is displayed on the screen several frames after it was transmitted by the video source.
Testing for display lag.
Display lag can be measured using a test device such as the Video Signal Input Lag Tester from Leo Bodnar Electronics [http://leobodnar.com/shop/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=89&products_id=212]. Despite its name, the device cannot independently measure input lag. It can only measure input lag and response time together.
Lacking a measurement device, measurement can be performed using a test display (the display being measured), a control display (usually a CRT) that would ideally have negligible display lag, a computer capable of mirroring an output to the two displays, stopwatch software, and a high-speed camera pointed at the two displays running the stopwatch program. The lag time is measured by taking a photograph of the displays running the stopwatch software, then subtracting the two times on the displays in the photograph. This method only measures the difference in display lag between two displays and cannot determine the absolute display lag of a single display. CRTs are preferable to use as a control display because their display lag is typically negligible. However, video mirroring does not guarantee that the same image will be sent to each display at the same point in time.
In the past it was seen as common knowledge that the results of this test were exact as they seemed to be easily reproducible, even when the displays were plugged into different ports and different cards, which suggested that the effect is attributable to the display and not the computer system. An in depth analysis that has been released on the German website Prad.de revealed that these assumptions have been wrong. Averaging measurements as described above lead to comparable results because they include the same amount of systematic errors. As seen on different monitor reviews the so determined values for the display lag for the very same monitor model differ by margins up to or even more.
To minimize the effects of asynchronous display outputs (the points of time an image is transferred to each monitor is different or the actual used frequency for each monitor is different) a highly specialized software application called SMTT or a very complex and expensive test environment has to be used.
Several approaches to measure display lag have been restarted in slightly changed ways but still reintroduced old problems, that have already been solved by the former mentioned SMTT. One such method involves connecting a laptop to an HDTV through a composite connection and run a timecode that shows on the laptop's screen and the HDTV simultaneously and recording both screens with a separate video recorder. When the video of both screens is paused, the difference in time shown on both displays have been interpreted as an estimation for the display lag. Nevertheless this is almost identical to the use of casual stopwatches on two monitors using a "clone view" monitor setup as it does not care about the missing synchronisation between the composite video signal and the display of the laptop's screen or the display lag of that screen or the detail that the vertical screen refresh of the two monitors is still asynchronous and not linked to each other. Even if V-sync is activated in the driver of the graphics card the video signals of the analog and the digital output will not be synchronized. Therefore it is impossible to use a single stop watch for display lag measurements, nervertheless if it is created by a timecode or a simple stopwatch application, as it will always cause an error of up to or even more.
Effects of display lag on users.
Display lag contributes to the overall latency in the interface chain of the user's inputs (mouse, keyboard, etc.) to the graphics card to the monitor. Depending on the monitor, display lag times between have been measured. However, the effects of the delay on the user depend on each user's own sensitivity to it.
Display lag is most noticeable in games (especially older video-game consoles), with different games affecting the perception of delay. For instance, in "World of Warcraft's" PvE, a slight input delay is not as critical compared to PvP, or to other games favoring quick reflexes like "Counter-Strike". Rhythm-based games, such as "Guitar Hero", also require exact timing; display lag will create a noticeable offset between the music and the on-screen prompts. Notably, many games of this type include an option that attempts to calibrate for display lag. Arguably, fighting games such as "Street Fighter", "Tekken" and "Super Smash Bros." are the most-affected, since they may require move inputs within extremely tight event windows that sometimes only last 1-3 frames on screen.
If the game's controller produces additional feedback (rumble, the Wii Remote's speaker, etc.), then the display lag will cause this feedback to not accurately match up with the visuals on-screen, possibly causing extra disorientation (e.g. feeling the controller rumble a split second before a crash into a wall).
TV viewers can be affected as well. If a home theater receiver with external speakers is used, then the display lag causes the audio to be heard earlier than the picture is seen. "Early" audio is more jarring than "late" audio. Many home-theater receivers have a manual audio-delay adjustment which can be set to compensate for display latency.
Game mode.
Many televisions, scalers and other consumer-display devices now offer what is often called a "game mode" in which the extensive preprocessing responsible for additional lag is specifically sacrificed to decrease, but not eliminate, latency. While typically intended for videogame consoles, this feature is also useful for other interactive applications. Similar options have long been available on home audio hardware and modems for the same reason.
Display lag versus response time.
LCD screens with a high response-time value often do not give satisfactory experience when viewing fast-moving images (they often leave streaks or blur; called ghosting). But an LCD screen with both high response time and significant display lag is unsuitable for playing fast-paced computer games or performing fast high-accuracy operations on the screen, due to the mouse cursor lagging behind. Manufacturers only state the response time of their displays and do not inform customers of the display lag value, which might vary depending on various screen options selected.

</doc>
<doc id="21631505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631505" title="List of Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! sketches and characters">
List of Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! sketches and characters

The following is a list of recurring characters and featured sketches from "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!" television series. Some of the recurring characters on the list have also made appearances on "Tom Goes To The Mayor".
Sketches.
Occasionally a sketch will end with a freeze frame; the colors fade to black and white, and a voice announces, "Great job!" while these words are written over the frame.
Death of Richard Dunn.
On Friday June 4, 2010, character actor Richard Dunn died at age 73. Dunn's agent stated that Dunn had been at a Hollywood hospital, unconscious since the previous Sunday. Dunn was laid to rest at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. 
On June 12, 2010, a special tribute bump for Dunn was aired on Adult Swim after the 12:30 a.m. showing of "the Oblongs", describing Dunn as an irreplaceable part of the Tim and Eric family and saying how much he'll be missed, not just as a great character actor, but as a great friend as well.

</doc>
<doc id="21631514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631514" title="Late protein">
Late protein

A late protein is a viral protein that is formed after replication of the virus. One example is VP4 from simian virus 40 (SV40).
In Human papillomavirus, two late proteins are involved in capsid formation: a major (L1) and a minor (L2) protein, in the approximate proportion 95:5%. L1 forms a pentameric assembly unit of the viral shell in a manner that closely resembles VP1 from polyomaviruses. Intermolecular disulphide bonding holds the L1 capsid proteins together. L1 capsid proteins can bind via its nuclear localisation signal (NLS) to karyopherins Kapbeta(2) and Kapbeta(3) and inhibit the Kapbeta(2) and Kapbeta(3) nuclear import pathways during the productive phase of the viral life cycle. Surface loops on L1 pentamers contain sites of sequence variation between HPV types. L2 minor capsid proteins enter the nucleus twice during infection: in the initial phase after virion disassembly, and in the productive phase when it assembles into replicated virions along with L1 major capsid proteins. L2 proteins contain two nuclear localisation signals (NLSs), one at the N-terminal (nNLS) and the other at the C-terminal (cNLS). L2 uses its NLSs to interact with a network of karyopherins in order to enter the nucleus via several import pathways. L2 from HPV types 11 and 16 was shown to interact with karyopherins Kapbeta(2) and Kapbeta(3). L2 capsid proteins can also interact with viral dsDNA, facilitating its release from the endocytic compartment after viral uncoating.

</doc>
<doc id="21631529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631529" title="List of historic houses in Florida">
List of historic houses in Florida

This is a list of historic houses in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21631559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631559" title="Filtu">
Filtu

Filtu (also known as El Daud) is a town in southern Ethiopia. Located in the Liben Zone of the Somali Region, it has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1,150 meters above sea level. It is the administrative center of Filtu woreda.
During the Italian occupation, a road 115 kilometers in length to Negele Boran was maintained but not paved.
History.
British forces advancing from Dolo freed the town from the Italians in March 1941. 
In October 1964, Filtu was the scene for one of the perennial conflicts between the Boran and Guji Oromo and their traditional rivals the Somali. The two Oromo clans attacked the Somali north of the Ganale Dorya, stealing or killing much of their livestock and forcing half of them to flee across the river, along with their fellow Muslims the Rayitu, to seek sanctuary around Filtu. The local authorities confined these refugees to a "protected hamlet" and ignored their pleas for help to return to their homes. As their plight worsened, the camp inhabitants started drifting south to Somalia for weapons and training. One group of 40 men, who left for Somalia three months after arriving at Filtu, led by Waqo Gutu, returned the next year to play an important role in the Bale revolt.
During the Ogaden War, the Somali Army had penetrated into southern Sidamo as far as Filtu, which they captured by the end of July 1977, but did not push any deeper. The Ethiopian Fourth Division recaptured Filtu 8 March 1978. 
Due to disagreements between the local Somali and Oromo groups as well as within those ethnicities, no decision could be made about locating the administrative center for Liben Zone, as well as delaying the formation of a working zonal administration. Therefore, Filtu was appointed to function as interim administrative center for the Zone by the Transitional Government of Ethiopia during the 1990s. 
Ethnic disputes in the years up to (and including) 2002 led to refugees settling around Filtu. Over 800 households came to settle themselves in three camps around this town: two of the camps include people from the Bale Zone in Oromia, and one housed people claiming to come from Liben woreda in Borena Zone in Oromia. These refugees include 220 Degodia households who reported they came from an area south of the Negele Boran-Filtu road and north of the Dawa River, and 243 Wara Dubie and 289 Garre families who came from Dallo Mana, located on the Welmel River, about 100 kilometers north of Negele Boran.
The Somali People's Democratic Party observed its eleventh anniversary of its founding in Filtu in July 2009, where numerous improvements to the infrastructure of the Liben Zone were announced.
Demographics.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia published in 2005, Filtu has an estimated total population of 4,746 of whom 3,496 are men and 8,242 women. The 1997 census reported this town had a total population of 5,518 of whom 3,135 were men and 2,383 women. The largest ethnic group reported in this town was the Somali (98.26%).
Ecology.
Filtu is a historical location of habitat for the endangered African Wild Dog, "Lycaon pictus", whose local survival is in question due to the ongoing encroachment on habitat by the expanding human population.

</doc>
<doc id="21631562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631562" title="Dorinda Clark-Cole (album)">
Dorinda Clark-Cole (album)

Dorinda won two Stellar Awards and a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best Female Gospel Artist from the album.
A DVD was later released entitled "Dorinda Clark-Cole Live". The DVD is a live recording that was recorded at New Birth Cathedral in Atlanta. The tracklisting of the DVD includes most of the songs on the original studio album. 
Track listing.
Songs with stars were recorded live at the Bailey Cathedral in Detroit, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="21631577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631577" title="2009 Guangzhou Pharmaceutical F.C. season">
2009 Guangzhou Pharmaceutical F.C. season

The 2009 season is the 56th year in Guangzhou Football Club's existence, their 42nd season in the Chinese football league, also the 21st season in the top-flight, the 2nd consecutive year. The club are participating in the Chinese Super League and will play their home games at Yuexiushan Stadium.
Xu Liang scored the first hat-trick of 2009 Chinese Super League and the first of his career to help Guangzhou beat Dalian Shide 3–1 at home on 6 April 2009.
Kits and sponsors.
The team kits for the 2009 season are produced by Nike. The title sponsor is Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and the shirt sponsors are Zhongyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (front) and Baiyunshan Hutchison Whampoa Co., Ltd. (back).
League table.
Updated to games played on 31 Oct 2009.Only position 7-12 showed, for full table see Chinese Super League 2009 table.<br>* Shenzhen were deducted 3 points for wearing wrong kits at home against Shanghai on 30 Aug 2009 and thereby causing a one-hour delay of the match.
<br>+ Relegated due to match fixing on February 23, 2010.<br>Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd head-to-head points; 3rd head-to-head goal difference; 4th head-to-head goals scored; 5th goal difference; 6th goals scored; 7th disciplinary points.<br>P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Match(es) drawn; L = Match(es) lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points; (C) = Champion; (Q) = Qualified for Champions League.
Squad stats.
Updated to games played on 31 October 2009.<br>To see the table ordered by certain column title click that column header icon once or twice.
No appearances player not listed.
Youth teams.
U19s.
For table see 2009 Chinese U–19 League table

</doc>
<doc id="21631605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631605" title="Centaurea nigra">
Centaurea nigra

Centaurea nigra is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Lesser Knapweed, Common Knapweed and Black Knapweed. A local vernacular name is Hardheads.
It is native to Europe but it is known on other continents as an introduced species and often a noxious weed. 
Description.
It is a perennial herb growing up to about a metre in height. 
The leaves are up to 25 centimetres long, usually deeply lobed, and hairy. The lower leaves are stalked, whilst the upper ones are stalkless. 
The inflorescence contains a few flower heads, each a hemisphere of black or brown bristly phyllaries. The head bears many small bright purple flowers. The fruit is a tan, hairy achene 2 or 3 millimetres long, sometimes with a tiny, dark pappus. Flowers July until September.
flowers sometimes are yellow, or white
Wildlife value.
Important for Gatekeeper butterfly, Goldfinch, Honey bee, Large skipper, Lime-speck pug moth, Meadow Brown, Painted lady, Peacock, Red admiral, Small copper, Small skipper
Similar species.
Brown Knapweed "Centaurea jacea" is different in having pale brown bract appendages, no pappus. Flowers August until September. 

</doc>
<doc id="21631622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631622" title="Margo Sappington">
Margo Sappington

Margo Sappington is an American choreographer and dancer born July 30, 1947 in Baytown, Texas.
Career.
Sappington joined the Joffrey Ballet in 1965 at the personal invitation of founder Robert Joffrey.
and in 1971 choreographed "Weewis", her first ballet.
In 1975, in recognition of her work in the Broadway revival of the play "Where's Charley?", she received nominations for both a Tony Award for Best Choreographer
and a Drama Desk Award
for Outstanding Choreography.
In 1983, as the first American choreographer working with Beijing's Central Ballet of China, Sappington created their ballet "Heliotrope". 
In 1988, her ballet "Virgin Forest", inspired by Henri Rousseau's jungle paintings, was created for the Milwaukee Ballet
and was the subject of an award-winning documentary by PBS. 
In 1993, as a section of the Joffrey's evening-length performance "Billboards", she created and danced in "Slide", as scored by musician Prince.
In 2001, with the participation of the group The Indigo Girls, Sappington created a piece called "The Indigo Girls Project" for the Atlanta Ballet.
In 2005, for "Charles Strouse's Real Men" at the Coconut Grove Playhouse, she created and danced a role in the premiere.
In 2007 Sappington created a ballet called "Common People", set to William Shatner's album, "Has Been", which was performed by the Milwaukee Ballet.
Shatner attended the premiere and filmed the event, footage of which became "Gonzo Ballet", a feature film to be released in 2009.
In the United States, her choreography has been used by companies such as the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, Carolina Ballet, the Joffrey Ballet, the Houston Ballet, the Harkness Ballet, the Milwaukee Ballet, Pacific Northwest Ballet, and the Pennsylvania Ballet, and internationally by companies including Aterballetto and Nederlands Dans Theater. She has also choreographed for many opera productions, including "Aida", "Samson and Delilah", and "La Gioconda" for the San Francisco Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="21631630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631630" title="Ralph, Count of Soissons">
Ralph, Count of Soissons

Ralph the Good (or Raoul le Bon) (died 4 January 1235), also known as Raoul III de Nesle, was the Count of Soissons from 1180. He was the third son of Raoul II de Nesle and Gertrude de Montaigu.
In 1178 Ralph and his elder brother John subscribed to a charter of the eldest brother, Conon, then count, donating property to Notre-Dame d'Ourscamp. When Alberic de Trois-Fontaines wrote his chronicle, he could refer to count Ralph of Soissons "qui adhuc vivit" (who still lives). But he later records his death in 1235. In 1184 Ralph became castellan of Noyon.
Ralph was the fourth husband of Alix (born 1145/6), daughter of Robert I of Dreux. She confirmed donations to Notre-Dame d'Ourscamp and Tremblay with him, and died between January 1205 and March 1210. Ralph was briefly married to a woman named Yolanda before taking as his third wife Ada d'Avesnes, widow of Henry, Count of Grandpré. By his first wife he had daughters named Gertrude and Alienor. By his second wife he had a son, John, who succeeded him, and another son, Ralph, who was probably a trouvère.

</doc>
<doc id="21631650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631650" title="San Francisco Board of Supervisors election, 2004">
San Francisco Board of Supervisors election, 2004

The 2004 San Francisco Board of Supervisors elections occurred on November 2, 2004. Seven of the eleven seats were contested in this election. Six incumbents and one open seat were up for election.
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan, though most candidates in San Francisco do receive funding and support from various political parties. This is the first Board of Supervisors election in San Francisco to implement ranked-choice voting.
Results.
District 1.
This district consists of the Richmond District. Incumbent supervisor Jake McGoldrick ran for reelection.
District 2.
District 2 consists of the Marina, Pacific Heights, the Presidio, part of Russian Hill, and Sea Cliff. Incumbent supervisor Michela Alioto-Pier was seeking her first election after being appointed by Mayor Gavin Newsom in the wake of his election as mayor. 
District 3.
District 3 consists of the northeastern corner of San Francisco, including Chinatown, the Financial District, Fisherman's Wharf, Nob Hill, North Beach, and Telegraph Hill. Incumbent supervisor Aaron Peskin was seeking reelection.
District 5.
District 5 consists of the Fillmore, Haight-Ashbury, Hayes Valley, Japantown, UCSF, and the Western Addition. Incumbent supervisor Matt Gonzalez did not seek reelection.
District 7.
District 7 consists of City College, Forest Hill, Lake Merced, Mount Davidson, Parkmerced, San Francisco State University, St. Francis Wood, and Twin Peaks. Incumbent supervisor Sean Elsbernd was seeking his first election after he was appointed to the seat in the wake of his predecessor Tony Hall's resignation.
District 9.
District 9 consists of Bernal Heights, the Inner Mission, and part of the Portola. Incumbent supervisor Tom Ammiano ran for reelection.
District 11.
District 11 consists of the Excelsior District, Ingleside, Oceanview, and the Outer Mission. Incumbent supervisor Gerardo Sandoval ran for reelection.

</doc>
<doc id="21631673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631673" title="La Salle Coliseum">
La Salle Coliseum

The USLS Coliseum is an indoor sporting arena located in Bacolod, Philippines.
The La Salle Coliseum has played host to a number of basketball games including those of Philippine Basketball Association out of town games and the now-defunct Metropolitan Basketball Association. It served as the home court of the Negros Slashers of the MBA.
The USLS Coliseum is the largest indoor facility in Visayas. It is located inside the campus of the University of St. La Salle, it hosts sporting and entertainment events in the province.
Negros Occidental Private Schools Sports Cultural Educational Association (NOPSSCEA) sports opening ceremony usually celebrated in the coliseum
and was the official venue during the 2005 Southeast Asian Games particularly the Boxing at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games event where 11 countries participated the competition. The coliseum also hosted two major karatedo championships, the 1996 Philippine Karatedo Federation National Championship headed by Pocholo Veguillas and Cristina Ramos-Jalasco, former Philippine Olympic Committee chairman and daughter of former president Fidel Ramos and the 2007 20th PKF National Open. Both tournaments were held at the USLS Coliseum. The tournaments were participated by hundreds of karatekas all over the country.

</doc>
<doc id="21631688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631688" title="German submarine U-1018">
German submarine U-1018

German submarine "U-1018" was a German Type VIIC/41 U-boat, built during World War II for service in the Battle of the Atlantic. The U-boat was fitted with the Schnorchel underwater-breathing apparatus which enabled her to stay under-water for extended periods thus avoiding detection by enemy warships.
Construction.
She was completed in Hamburg in April 1944, and spent the rest of 1944 training with the 31st U-boat Flotilla. An accident took place during U-1018's work-up period in the Baltic on 17 June which killed one crew member (Obersteuermann Walter Nellsen) and wounded two. In December 1944, she was moved from Kiel to Horten in Norway to join 11th U-boat Flotilla, before departing on 21 January 1945 to patrol the Western Approaches of the English Channel under the command of Kptlt. Walter Burmeister.
Combat role.
On 27 February 1945 she attacked convoy BTC 81 about seven miles from Lizard Point, Cornwall (at ). "U-1018" launched a torpedo which hit the Norwegian freighter which sank within a few minutes, resulting in the death of five of the freighter's Norwegian crew, a 16-year old British cabin boy, Thomas Boniface, and two British Royal Navy gunners, (part of the DEMS gun crew) including former professional footballer Charlie Sillett.
The convoy escort ships immediately launched heavy counter-attacks. Less than two hours later, "U-1018" was sunk by depth charges dropped by under the command of Cdr. Benjamin Andrew Rogers, RD, RNR. Only two members of the crew of 53 survived.

</doc>
<doc id="21631690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631690" title="Forever (Orleans album)">
Forever (Orleans album)

Forever is a 1979 album from the soft rock band Orleans. The album spawned two singles, "Love Takes Time" (#11 on Billboard) and the title track "Forever" (#24 on the Adult Contemporary Chart).

</doc>
<doc id="21631741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631741" title="Stephen Fowler">
Stephen Fowler

Stephen Fowler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21631750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631750" title="Journey Through the Decade">
Journey Through the Decade

"Journey Through the Decade" (stylized "Journey through the Decade") is a song by Japanese pop singer Gackt, serving as his thirtieth single released on March 25, 2009. It is his first song performed for "Kamen Rider Decade", used as the television series' theme song.
Summary.
It was used as the opening theme song for the 2009 Kamen Rider Series "Kamen Rider Decade". It was released as a single CD and as a CD coupled with a DVD with the music video. The theme of "Journey Through the Decade" is that it describes the .
DVD.
The music video of "Journey Through the Decade" was later released in Stay the Ride Alive, "special memorial single" version which is a Digipak with a special cover, a third disc and a booklet describing Gackt's collaboration with the Kamen Rider Decade production.
Chart performance.
On its first day of release, it sold 15,000 copies and reached #2 on the Oricon Daily Charts. By the release of its follow up single "The Next Decade", "Journey Through the Decade" had sold 94,000 copies. It stayed 25 weeks on the music charts. In June 2009, the Recording Industry Association of Japan certified it as gold.

</doc>
<doc id="21631752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631752" title="Tuscan Skies (film)">
Tuscan Skies (film)

Tuscan Skies (Cieli di Toscana) is the third DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.
It contains music videos filmed in Tuscany of Bocelli singing 10 songs from his 2001 album, "Cieli di Toscana", as a tribute to his home town and family.

</doc>
<doc id="21631761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631761" title="Allucio of Campigliano">
Allucio of Campigliano

Saint Allucio of Campigliano (or Allucio da Pescia) (1070–1134) was a Tuscan holy man who distinguished himself by his work on behalf of pilgrims and the poor, and for peace. In the Roman Catholic Church his feast day is celebrated on 23 October. 
Born in Valdinievole near Pescia to a well-to-do rural landowner, he spent his youth shepherding the family's flock before devoting his life to acts of charity. He built two churches, a bridge over the Arno, three hospices for pilgrims and other travellers, including one on his own property at Campigliano near Uzzano. He was a generous almsgiver. Later in his life he mediated between the Tuscan city-states, seeking to prevent conflicts that in later centuries would grow into open and continual war. He died at Valdinievole. 
When Allucio's relics were being translated in 1344, a "vita" was discovered stored in the reliquary. According to the record of the proceedings held by the clergy of Pescia on the occasion of the translation, "legendam de vita et quibusdam miraculis dicti sancti Allucii in cartula pecuria scriptam" ("a legend about the life and what was said about the miracles of the holy Allucius written in one document"). It was thought to be from the twelfth or thirteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="21631764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631764" title="The Atwood Stories">
The Atwood Stories

The Atwood Stories was a Canadian television drama series, which aired on W in 2003. A short-run dramatic anthology series produced by Shaftesbury Films, the series dramatized six short stories by Margaret Atwood.
The following year, Shaftesbury produced "The Shields Stories", a similar series which dramatized six short stories by another Canadian writer, Carol Shields.

</doc>
<doc id="21631772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631772" title="Guatiquía River">
Guatiquía River

Guatiquía river is born in the Páramo de Chingaza (3,500 m), from its roots in the jurisdiction of the municipio of Quetame (departament of Cundinamarca, Colombia) until it reaches the eastern plains or Llanos Orientales Colombianos, it forms a long and deep canyon for 137 km.
The river splits in two arms taking the names of río Negrito and río Guayuriba. Both arms end in the Meta River.

</doc>
<doc id="21631778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631778" title="Alfred Gray">
Alfred Gray

Alfred Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21631785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631785" title="Syzygium corynanthum">
Syzygium corynanthum

Syzygium corynanthum is a common Australian tree, growing from near Taree, New South Wales (31 ° S) to tropical Queensland. Common names include Sour Cherry and Killarney Satinash. The habitat of Syzygium corynanthum is rainforest on basaltic or fertile alluvial soils.
Description.
"Syzygium corynanthum" is a medium size tree, occasionally reaching 30 metres in height and a 90 cm in trunk diameter. The tree's crown appears dark and full.
The bark is a grey and scaly, with numerous depressions caused by the shedding of bark scales. Syzygium corynanthum are slightly buttressed at the base.
Leaves, flowers and fruit.
The leaves are opposite, simple and entire. Oil dots numerous, about five diameters apart of different sizes. Leaf stalks are 6 mm long. Flowers are in short dense panicles. Petals cream, four in number, appearing in April to July.
The fruit matures from September to December, being a red berry, broader towards the tip than at the base. Four persistent calyx lobes surround the base of the fruit, from which the style usually protrudes. The taste of the fruit is not particularly sour, as the common name might suggest.
Seed germination is slow, commencing at 40 days, and being complete after 200 days. Fruit is prone to insect attack. Soaking of the seeds is recommended to drown insect larvae. Fruit are eaten by many rainforest birds, including the Wompoo Fruit Dove and Catbird.

</doc>
<doc id="21631786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631786" title="Omar Nazar">
Omar Nazar

Omar Nazar () is an Afghan footballer who last played for VfL Lohbrügge.

</doc>
<doc id="21631807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631807" title="Naval drifter">
Naval drifter

A naval drifter is a boat built along the lines of a commercial fishing drifter but fitted out for naval purposes. The use of naval drifters is paralleled by the use of naval trawlers.
Fishing trawlers were designed to tow heavy trawls, so they were easily adapted to tow minesweepers, with the crew and layout already suited to the task. Drifters were robust boats built, like trawlers, to work in most weather conditions, but designed to deploy and retrieve drift nets. They were generally smaller and slower than trawlers. If requisitioned by navies, they were typically armed with an anti-submarine gun and depth charges and used to maintain and patrol anti-submarine nets.
__TOC__
World War I.
Like fishing trawlers, the Royal Navy requisitioned many fishing drifters for conversion to naval use during World War I.
In addition, 362 naval drifters were ordered to Admiralty specifications (and thus are often referred to as "Admiralty drifters"). Shipyards used to building fishing trawlers or drifters could easily switch to constructing naval versions. As a bonus these drifters could be sold to commercial fishing interests when the war ended.
There were two basic types of Admiralty-built drifters, wooden hulled and steel hulled.
Royal Navy drifters were named like the trawlers were, except for the Canadian-built vessels which were numbered CD 1 to CD 100.
During 1917, a fleet of British drifters, escorted by destroyers and light cruisers, maintained a blockade of the wide Otranto Straits, denying the Austro-Hungarian Navy access to the Mediterranean. On 15 May 1917, the Austro-Hungarian Navy raided the barrage. The Austro-Hungarians gave most drifter crews warning to abandon ship before opening fire. Of the 47 drifters in the barrage at the time, 14 were sunk and 4 were damaged. The lack of sufficient Allied escorts forced the withdrawal of the remaining blockading ships, although only for a short time.

</doc>
<doc id="21631812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631812" title="Kwak Min-jeong">
Kwak Min-jeong

Kwak Min-Jeong (born January 23, 1994 in Seoul) is a South Korean figure skater. She is the 2011 South Korean bronze medalist, the 2010 South Korean silver medalist and the 2009 Junior national champion. Kwak was also a member of the South Korean Olympic Team at the 2010 Winter Olympics, where she placed 13th in the ladies' event.
Personal life.
Kwak began skating when she was five years old. 
Before the 2010 Winter Olympics she moved to Toronto, Canada, and trained with Brian Orser, the 1984 and 1988 Olympic silver medalist. That partnership ended in August 2010.
Career.
Junior career.
2007-2008 season.
In the 2007-2008 season she was age eligible to compete in Junior competitions, so she competed at the 2007–2008 ISU Junior Grand Prix, placing 10th at the event in Tallinn with 98.77 points and 13th at the event in Great Britain with 103.89. She then competed at the South Korean Figure Skating Championships at the Junior level, where she came in fifth position.
2008-2009 season.
In the 2008-2009 season, she had been assigned two events at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix. She won the bronze medal at the event in Mexico scoring 117.42 points but finished 13th at her other competition, held in Great Britain earning 106.05. She competed at the South Korean Figure Skating Championships again as a Junior, and won the gold medal with 114.89 points, placing first in both the short program and the free skating. She was selected to compete at the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, and with 103.69 she finished 22nd overall.
2009-2010 season.
In the 2009-2010 season, Kwak remained in the ISU Junior Grand Prix and competed in two events. She placed 11th in the first one held in the United States with 106.30 points. She went on to place 11th again with 108.21 at her second event, which took place in Croatia.
She was selected to compete at the 2010 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Jeonju, South Korea, her first Senior international competition. She placed seventh in the short program and fourth in the free skate to end in sixth position earning 154.71 points. Kwak was also chosen to be a member of the South Korean Olympic Team at the 2010 Winter Olympics, held in Vancouver, Canada, where she placed 13th with 155.53 points. She went on to compete at the 2010 World Figure Skating Championships in Turin, Italy, where she was in 22nd position after getting 120.47 points overall.
2010-2011 season.
In the 2010-2011 season, Kwak moved to the senior ISU Grand Prix. Her assignments in the 2010-2011 ISU Grand Prix season were the 2010 Cup of China and the 2010 Skate America.
At the 2010 Cup of China, she placed ninth in the short program with 38.83 points and also ninth in the free skate with 75.15. Overall she placed ninth scoring 113.98 points. At the 2010 Skate America, she came tenth in the short program earning 44.41 points, and eleventh in the free skate with 80.80. She had a total of 125.21 points and finished eleventh.
She competed at the 2011 South Korean Figure Skating Championships, where she won the short program with 50.48 points. She placed third in the free skate earning 91.78 and won the bronze medal. She was selected to compete in the 2011 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships and in the 2011 World Figure Skating Championships. At the 2011 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships she placed 8th in both skates finishing overall in 8th place. At the 2011 World Figure Skating Championships she placed 15th in the ladies qualifying round failing to advance to the short.
2011-2012 season.
At the 2012 South Korean Figure Skating Championships she placed 8th in the short program falling on two of her jump elements to earn 38.98 points. In the free skate she placed 6th with 84.46 to climb up to 6th overall. Later that year, Min-Jeong competed at the 2012 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships where she placed 10th. She has been selected to compete at the 2012 World Figure Skating Championships and she placed 28th.
Public life and endorsements.
Kwak toured in the 2010 Festa On Ice, held in Seoul, South Korea and headlined by 2010 Olympic champion ladies champion and her training mate Kim Yu-Na. She joined Kim in another ice show, the , on July 23–25, 2010 in Goyang, South Korea, alongside other skaters like Michelle Kwan, Sasha Cohen and Stéphane Lambiel.

</doc>
<doc id="21631848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631848" title="Tom Mulholland">
Tom Mulholland

Tom Mulholland (born 1968) is an American football coach. He previously served as the head coach for the Catholic Cardinals football team at The Catholic University of America in 2002 and 2003. While there, Mulholland compiled a 7–13 record and 0.350 winning percentage.
Early life.
Mulholland was born and grew up in Bethesda, Maryland. He attended Gonzaga High School, from which he graduated in 1986. He then attended The Catholic University of America and graduated in 1992 with a bachelor of arts degree in sociology.
Coaching career.
Mulholland served for one season as an assistant coach at Towson University in Baltimore, Maryland. The following year, he returned to his alma mater. He served for ten years as a defensive positional coach and defensive coordinator at Catholic.
In August 2002, Catholic head coach Rob Ambrose resigned in order to become the quarterbacks coach at Connecticut, and Mulholland was promoted as his replacement. He held that position for two seasons, and his teams compiled records of 4–6 (ODAC: 2–4) in 2002 and 3–7 (ODAC: 2–4) in 2003. In those seasons, Catholic finished sixth and fifth out of seven teams in the Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC), respectively. Mulholland was fired and eventually replaced by former Catholic head coach Tom Clark.
In 2006, Mulholland became head coach for the Walter Johnson High School football team, which had posted a 0–10 record the prior season. The team continued its losing record, expanding it to a 36-game losing streak, before defeating Poolesville High School in the seventh game of the 2008 season.
Mulholland is married with three children and currently resides in Rockville, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21631853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631853" title="Greenland School District">
Greenland School District

Greenland School District is a public school district headquartered in Greenland, Arkansas, United States. The school district provides early childhood, elementary and secondary education from kindergarten through grade 12. Greenland School District encompasses of land of Washington County communities including all or portions of Greenland, Winslow, West Fork, Fayetteville, and Prairie Grove.
List of schools.
The school district supports more than 757 students at its three schools: 

</doc>
<doc id="21631858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631858" title="Rush Lake (Utah)">
Rush Lake (Utah)

Rush Lake (also known as Rush Reservoir) is a shallow saline lake in Tooele County in the U.S. state of Utah. It is a remnant of Lake Bonneville, an ancient postglacial inland sea that covered much of the western United States during the Ice Ages. The lake is a natural impoundment of a stream that drains into the Great Salt Lake. Rush Lake varies in size, evaporating at about per year, although occasional floods refill the lake. The average surface elevation is .
Geography.
The lake is located in a broad valley named Rush Valley near the town of Stockton and several miles south of Tooele, and is fed by snowmelt from six mountain ranges. These are the Sheeprock Mountains in the south, the East Tintic Mountains to the southeast, the Oquirrh Mountains to the east, South Mountain to the north, the Stansbury Mountains to the northwest and west, and the Onaqui Mountains to the southwest. The runoff from these mountain regions create only intermittent surface flow to the lake, but does reach it via groundwater seepage. The highest point in the watershed is Lowe Peak, at . The outflow mostly consists of evaporation, and a very small amount seeps through the sandspit that impounds it from the main Great Salt Lake valley.
The lake was isolated from Lake Bonneville approximately 15,000-17,000 years ago after evaporation lowered the lake level to below the natural Stockton Bar barrier between Rush Valley and Tooele Valley. During the ice ages, Rush Valley was merely one of many arms of Lake Bonneville. After Bonneville dried up, Rush Valley contained several pluvial lakes – Shambip, Smelter, and Rush – of which only Rush Lake remains today.
Climate and ecology.
Two major vegetation communities inhabit the Rush Lake watershed. These are sagebrush-grass and pinyon-juniper. The former is found in lower elevations and the valley floor, and the latter is found at higher elevations on the mountains along with other forms of alpine vegetation. The average annual precipitation is , and the annual frost-free season surrounding the lake ranges from 100 to 140 days. Cattle and sheep rangelands take up most of the catchment area.
The lake is inhabited by several different species of fish. These include, in order of abundance, Utah chub, carp, green sunfish, bluegill, largemouth bass, channel catfish, yellow perch, black crappie, and black bullhead. The lake has not been stocked with fish since 1988, when 71,000 largemouth bass fry were released in the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21631870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631870" title="Najib Naderi">
Najib Naderi

Najib Naderi () is an Afghan football player. He has played for Afghanistan national team.

</doc>
<doc id="21631874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631874" title="Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon">
Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon

Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon, or LKP, is an umbrella group of approximately trade unions and social movements in Guadeloupe, which spearheaded the general strike beginning in January 2009.
Name.
The name of the umbrella group comes from the local Antillean Creole language. The Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon (LKP) is translated to ""Stand up against exploitation"" in English or the ""Collectif contre l'exploitation outrancière"" in French.

</doc>
<doc id="21631879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631879" title="Mexican International Railroad">
Mexican International Railroad

The Mexican International Railroad ("Ferrocarril Internacional Mexicano") was one of the primary pre-nationalization railways of Mexico. Incorporated in Connecticut in 1882 in the interests of the Southern Pacific Railroad (SP), it opened a main line from Piedras Negras (across the Rio Grande from Eagle Pass, at the end of an SP branch line) to Torreón, on the Mexican Central Railway, in 1888, and to Durango in October 1892. Branches extended from Durango to Tepehuanes and Reata to Monterrey.
The National Railroad of Mexico gained control in 1901 after the death of Collis P. Huntington of the SP, and in June 1910 the government-owned Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México ("National Railways of Mexico") took over the property. The line between Sauceda (west of Reata) and Matamoros (east of Torreón) was soon abandoned, as it was parallel to two ex-Mexican Central Railway and National Railroad of Mexico lines. On the other hand, construction of a branch from Allende north to the border at Ciudad Acuña, which had begun in 1911 and been suspended in 1913, was resumed in 1919, with the intent of connecting to a planned (and never-completed) branch of the Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Railway from San Angelo to Del Rio. During the privatization in the 1990s, Ferromex acquired the line between Piedras Negras and Monterrey. The branch to Ciudad Acuña was abandoned and removed. The remaining western piece from Torreón to Durango is part of Línea Coahuila Durango.

</doc>
<doc id="21631899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631899" title="Cathy Wayne">
Cathy Wayne

Cathy Wayne was the stage name of Australian entertainer Catherine Anne Warnes (7 December 1949 – 20 July 1969) who was killed during the Vietnam War by United States Marine Sergeant James Wayne Killen. Wayne had just finished a song for US Marines at a Non-commissioned officer's club near Da Nang in South Vietnam. Killen was convicted of the unpremeditated murder of Wayne; at his court-martial it was alleged that he was aiming for his commanding officer, Major Roger E. Simmons. Wayne had intended to use money earned from her performances in Vietnam to revive her recording career; and to marry her fiancé, Clive Cavanagh, who was the drummer for her performance troupe, Sweethearts on Parade. Wayne was the first Australian woman killed during the Vietnam War.
Biography.
Cathy Wayne was born as Catherine Anne Warnes on 7 December 1949 in Arncliffe, New South Wales, Australia. Wayne was the child of George Warnes and Nancy Starnes, née Buck. She went to Athelstane Public School where she began singing and dancing classes. Wayne later attended Arncliffe Girls' High School, and, before the age of 12, had performed in school concerts and local community stage shows. She took up a dancing spot on Sydney television, TCN-9, programme "Opportunity Knocks". She also appeared on an Australian TV special, "A Night with Leslie", starring US entertainer Leslie Uggams. At the age of 16, after winning a talent contest, Wayne was offered a regular role on television variety show, "Bandstand", alongside veteran Rock 'N' Roll performers Col Joye and Little Pattie. Wayne signed with Joye's agency ATA and was managed by his sister Carole Jacobsen.
Although under legal drinking age, Wayne performed in licensed clubs around Sydney, she also recorded advertising jingles and uncharted singles. Concert tours along the east coast of Australia, headlined by Joye, led to her first tour of South Vietnam at the age of 17, in early 1967. This tour was sanctioned by the Australian Forces Advisory Committee on Entertainment. Wayne was presented as a modette version of fellow "Bandstand" regular Little Pattie. Upon return to Australia, Wayne continued her appearances on "Bandstand" and touring with Joye.
In mid-1969, Sweethearts on Parade, an Australian pop group / performing troupe, was established by Sydney promoter Les Maisler to tour Vietnam. Sweethearts on Parade consisted of Wayne on lead vocals, Clive Cavanagh on drums, Jacqui Edwards as a Go-Go dancer, Rick Hoare on guitar, Jeff Howison as MC / singer / comedian, Jimmy Taylor on organ / bass guitar and Natalia Woloch as a Go–Go dancer. Wayne, as lead singer of Sweethearts on Parade, returned to South Vietnam on an unsanctioned tour. Wayne's parents and Col Joye attempted to dissuade her from this second tour, but Wayne insisted and intended to use money earned from her performances in Vietnam to restart her recording career. Wayne wanted to marry her fiancé, Cavanagh, who was the drummer in Sweethearts on Parade. The group arrived in Vietnam on 26 June 1969, Wayne stayed in Saigon between shows for Australian and US troops.
The tour agent was Ingrid Hart, who recalled that " wanted to be there with her boyfriend, they were going to get some money together and get married". On 20 July 1969, Sweethearts on Parade were performing for about 75 US Marines at a Non-commissioned officer's club 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Da Nang in South Vietnam. At about 9:15 p.m., Wayne had just finished a song and was still on stage to introduce her fellow performers when she was shot in the chest by a bullet fired by US Marine Sergeant James Wayne Killen. Wayne died almost instantly as the bullet severed her aorta. In "Entertaining Vietnam", a 2003 documentary directed and produced by Mara Wallis, Taylor was interviewed on the events of Wayne's death, footage of a Sweethearts on Parade performance with Wayne singing was shown (see screenshot at left). Taylor recalled that he was sitting about a metre (three feet) behind Wayne and that Cavanagh had stepped forward to cradle his fiancée when she slumped to the floor.
At his court-martial, Killen was charged with premeditated murder and was alleged to have been aiming for his commanding officer, Major Roger E. Simmons. Killen was convicted of the unpremeditated murder of Wayne; he was stripped of all service privileges, dishonourably discharged and sentenced to 20 years hard labour. Killen denied all murder claims but admitted to drinking heavily on the night. After the autopsy in Saigon, Wayne's body was returned to Sydney and cremated according to Anglican rites.

</doc>
<doc id="21631913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631913" title="Davoud Yaqoubi">
Davoud Yaqoubi

Davoud Yaqoubi () is an Afghan footballer who currently plays for SC Concordia Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21631916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631916" title="Eurydice (genus)">
Eurydice (genus)

Eurydice is a genus of isopod crustaceans. It includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="21631921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631921" title="Film adaptations of Crime and Punishment">
Film adaptations of Crime and Punishment

There have been at least 30 film adaptations of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel "Crime and Punishment".

</doc>
<doc id="21631927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631927" title="Gabe Leland">
Gabe Leland

Gabriel Leland (born September 28, 1982) is a Democratic politician from the state of Michigan. In 2004, Leland was elected to the Michigan State House of Representatives, representing the 10th District, which is located in Wayne County and includes the farwest and partial northwest corner of the city of Detroit. He is the son of former State Senator Burton Leland, who served in the Michigan State Legislature for 26 years. Due to term limits Burton Leland left the legislature in 2006 and now is continuing his public service as a 4th term Wayne County Commissioner.
Biography.
Gabriel Leland was born on September 28, 1982 to Burton and Rosanne Leland, a Jewish family from Northwest Detroit. At the time of his birth, his father was serving as Democratic State Representative, a position that he would hold until 1998, when he was elected to the Michigan State Senate where he served until he retired from the legislature due to term limits in 2006. Gabe and his older brother Zachary spent much of their childhood working on the campaigns of their father, serving as voter registration drive workers and walking door to door with their father.
Leland attended both East Lansing and Detroit Public Schools and graduated from East Lansing High School in 2001. He attended Kehillat Israel Congregation in Lansing, MI while growing up.
Leland graduated from Central Michigan University with a B.S. / community development concentration. He attends the Isaac Agree Downtown Synagogue in Detroit.
Political career.
In 2004, following in the footsteps of his father, Gabe Leland announced his candidacy as a Democrat for the 10th State House District in Detroit to succeed Triette E. Reeves, who was retiring due to term limits. However, Leland faced much opposition in the Democratic Primary. The 10th District is approximately 70% African American and several prominent African Americans ran against Leland in the primary, including future State Representative from the 9th District, Shanelle Jackson. The primary was competitive and often racially charged. Leland narrowly won the Primary with only 21% of the vote. He went on to easily win the General Election, as the 10th District is heavily Democratic.
In 2006, several people again challenged Leland in the Democratic Primary, including Stephanie Young, who was supported by former mayor Kwame Kilpatrick. Leland won the primary with 53% of the vote. He won the 2008 Democratic primary with 68% of the vote and no Republican ran against him in the 2008 General Election. Term limits prevent Leland from running for re-election in 2010.
Leland is a presumed City Council candidate in the newly created 7th District in Detroit, encompassing a large swath of his old house seat. The Primary election is scheduled for August 6, 2013.
On November 5th, 2013 Leland won the newly created Detroit City Council seat in District 7. It was the narrowest victory in any of the council races, winning by only 50 votes. 

</doc>
<doc id="21631952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631952" title="Ali Amiri (Afghan footballer)">
Ali Amiri (Afghan footballer)

Ali Amiri () (born 23 September 1985 in Kabul)is a former German-Afghan footballer who lastly played for TSG Worsdorf.
Career.
Amiri began his career with FSV Frankfurt and joined in summer 2000 to Eintracht Frankfurt. After two years on youthside for Eintracht Frankfurt was 2002 promoted to the reserve team. He played four years for Eintracht Frankfurt II and signed than in July 2006 for TSG Wörsdorf. Amiri played only eight games and scored three goals for TSG Wörsdorf in the 2006/2007 season and retired on the end of the season.
Club career stats.
Last update: 15 June 2010

</doc>
<doc id="21631955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21631955" title="Cymbals Eat Guitars">
Cymbals Eat Guitars

Cymbals Eat Guitars is an indie rock band from Staten Island, New York, founded by high school friends Joseph D'Agostino and Matthew Miller. The band's name comes from a Lou Reed quote describing the sound of the Velvet Underground.
History.
Cymbals Eat Guitars was founded in 2007 by guitarist Joseph D’Agostino and drummer Matthew Miller, who both graduated from Southern Regional High School in Manahawkin in 2006. Neil Berenholz, guitarist Matt Cohen, and keyboardist Daniel Baer joined the band after responding to an ad D'Agostino posted on Craigslist. 90's alternative bands such as Pavement heavily influenced the Cymbals Eat Guitar's sound. An early version of the song "Share" was released on the "Indiecater Vol. 1" compilation in June 2008.
The band first gained buzz in 2009 when their self-released debut album "Why There Are Mountains" was included in Pitchfork Media's "Best New Music", earning 8.3/10 in the website's review. Later that year, Cymbals Eat Guitars went on tour with The Pains of Being Pure at Heart and opened a couple of shows for The Flaming Lips. In addition, the band played at the 2009 College Music Journal festival and the Pitchfork Music Festival. In late 2009, the band was chosen as of one "Beyond Race Magazine"'s "50 Emerging Artists," resulting in a spot in the publication's No. 11 issue (with Bodega Girls and J. Cole on the cover), as well as an exclusive Q&A for the magazine's site. 
2009 also saw a change in Cymbal Eat Guitar's lineup. Dan Baer, the band's original keyboardist, left the band due to an illness, while the band's original bassist, Neil Berenholz, left due to his dislike of touring. Baer and Berenholz were replaced by Brian Hamilton and Matthew Whipple respectively.
In March 2011, Cymbals Eat Guitars signed with Barsuk Records to produce a follow-up to "Why There Are Mountains." The band released their second album "Lenses Alien" on August 30, 2011. In May 2014, the band announced that their third studio album "LOSE" will be released on August 26, 2014.
Band members.
Members of Cymbals Eat Guitars are:
Former members include:
References.
the mixtape chats with Cymbals Eat Guitars

</doc>
<doc id="21632002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632002" title="Triumph Bonneville 790">
Triumph Bonneville 790

The Triumph Bonneville 790 cc is a British motorcycle that was designed and built in Hinckley, Leicestershire by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd between 2001 and 2007, when the engine size was increased to 865 cc.
Development.
Triumph launched the first new Bonneville for 15 years at the Munich Motorcycle Show in September 2000, with a 790 cc, 360-degree crank, parallel-twin engine. Triumph's development team had originally designed a prototype they called the "9O8MD project" in April 1997, an 'entry-level' medium displacement motorcycle for the export market. Market research indicated that Triumph's heritage was an important factor for overseas buyers, so Export Manager Ross Clifford decided to develop a parallel engine layout that could combine the latest technology with classic engine architecture. By the Summer of 1997 the concept had been agreed and the chassis and engine design teams began development work. The styling of the new bike had to link the heritage look to a modern handling frame. The team began with a fully restored 1969 Bonneville T120 and worked on the design throughout 1998. By August 1998, the first styling review of a full size three-dimensional model was completed by sales and marketing as well as engineering departments. The first 'Bonneville' engine was tested on 15 December 1998. The prototype engines were run for extended periods of time before committing to tooling production. By the end of 1998, the chassis team had completed their work on the styling prototype. In March 1999, the new engine was run in the prototype chassis for the first time and full scale road testing began, with the first six development bikes are built in July 1999. Four were mainly used for engine testing and the remaining two for chassis development work. By September 1999, the final review of the production Bonneville's styling and specification was completed by Triumph's sales and marketing teams and final testing was completed in July 2000, well in time for the dealership launch.
Engine design.
'Traditional' engine capacities of 750 cc and even the original 650 cc were considered before 790 cc was chosen. The 86 mm bore size worked well with the four-valves per cylinder layout, while the 68 mm stroke allowed a long conrod that helps to minimise secondary vibration, although Triumph engineers also altered the bar weights to restore a little 'character' vibration. Designer David Stride was able to add details that retained the look of the original, such as a finned cylinder and dummy pushrod tube (which functions as a cylinder head oil breather) and internal oil lines to create a clean appearance. As well as the desired low and midrange performance, the engine is capable of and produces a respectable peak power output of @ 7400 rpm, with maximum torque of @ 3500 rpm, with 90% of the engine's torque output available from 2750 rpm all the way to the rev limit. The engine was air-cooled like the original, but had twin overhead camshafts instead of the old model's pushrod valve operation. A frame mounted oil cooler ensured consistent running temperatures and camshaft drive is by chain between the cylinders and incorporates an idler gear that allowed the cylinder head to be kept very compact.
Gearbox and cycle parts.
The gearbox was the well-proven Triumph 955i unit as a five-speed to a cable-operated wet clutch and reversed, with the final drive chain on the right instead of the left. This allows the traditional Triumph twin layout of small triangular engine cover on the right and larger clutch case on the left. Instead of fuel injection the team opted for a pair of 36 mm Keihin carburettors with electric heaters to help cold starting and a throttle-position sensor linked to digital ignition to optimise throttle response. The 'peashooter' twin exhausts were designed longer than usual to meet the silencing requirements, and a kink was added to improve ground clearance. The engine is solidly mounted in the frame at five points with counter-balancers removing the need for rubber mounts. Suspension was provided by twin Kayaba rear shocks and non-adjustable 41 mm Kayaba telescopic forks, set at a 29-degree head angle, with 117 mm of trail. A 19-inch front wheel was offset by a 17-inch rear and the relatively long wheelbase and low seat height give the new Bonneville the 'lean' look of the original.
Upgrades.
For 2004 the engine was updated with a black finish, and in 2007 production of the 790 cc Bonneville ended when the engine size was increased to 865 cc.
See also.
EFI was added for the 2008 model

</doc>
<doc id="21632019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632019" title="Dongfang Electric">
Dongfang Electric

China Dongfang Electric Corporation (); is one of the largest enterprises in China engaging in the manufacturing of power generators and the contracts of power station projects. It is a state-owned enterprise managed by the State Council of the People's Republic of China. It was founded in 1984 and is based in Chengdu, Sichuan. Its subsidiary is Dongfang Electric Corporation Limited () (,). Its H shares and A shares were listed on the Hong Kong and Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="21632035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632035" title="Milad Salem">
Milad Salem

Milad Salem Nahimi () (born 3 March 1988 in Kabul ) is an Afghan footballer who currently plays for SV Elversberg.
Career.
Nahimi began his career in the youth set ups of FSV Frankfurt and Kickers Offenbach and in July 2004 moved to Eintracht Frankfurt, where he was promoted to the reserve team in 2007. In 2010 he joined 3. Liga side SV Wehen Wiesbaden, where he started with the reserves but was quickly promoted to the first team.
International career.
Salem played three games for the Afghanistan national football team in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21632051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632051" title="The Last House on the Left">
The Last House on the Left

The Last House on the Left may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21632054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632054" title="Assyriska (disambiguation)">
Assyriska (disambiguation)

Assyriska is a reference to various Swedish football clubs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21632065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632065" title="Aristolochia boosii">
Aristolochia boosii

Aristolochia boosii is a species of woody vine in the Aristolochiaceae plant family which is endemic to Trinidad and Tobago. Known only from a few locations in southern Trinidad, the species was first collected by Julius Boos in 1977. After determining that it was new to science, the species was described by Jacqueline Anne Panter in 1981 and named for its discoverer.
Although "Aristolochia boosii" is not listed in the IUCN Red List, the authors of a 2008 assessment of the endemic plant species of Trinidad and Tobago considered it endangered because it is only known from three locality, and this area is shrinking or experiencing habitat degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="21632069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632069" title="Wayne Gray">
Wayne Gray

Wayne Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21632105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632105" title="David Vincent (actor)">
David Vincent (actor)

David Vincent (born August 29, 1972) is an American voice actor whose work includes popular shows like "Code Geass," "Fate/Stay Night," and "Tales of Phantasia." He is best known for providing his voice in the role of Grimmjow Jeagerjaquez in the hit TV series "Bleach," Marshall Law in the renowned "Tekken" series, T. Hawk in "Super Street Fighter IV," and Jin Kisaragi and Hakumen in the popular Arc System Works fighting game series "BlazBlue." David was nominated Best Voice Actor in an Anime by the American Anime Awards for his work in "Gun X Sword."

</doc>
<doc id="21632109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632109" title="View (Buddhism)">
View (Buddhism)

View or position (Pali ', Sanskrit ') is a central idea in Buddhism. In Buddhist thought, in contrast with the commonsense understanding, a view is not a simple, abstract collection of propositions, but a charged interpretation of experience which intensely shapes and affects thought, sensation, and action. Having the proper mental attitude toward views is therefore considered an integral part of the Buddhist path.
Positions.
Views are produced by and in turn produce mental conditioning. They are symptoms of conditioning, rather than neutral alternatives individuals can dispassionately choose. The Buddha, according to the discourses, having attained the state of unconditioned mind, is said to have "passed beyond the bondage, tie, greed, obsession, acceptance, attachment, and lust of view."
The Buddha of the early discourses often refers to the negative effect of attachment to speculative or fixed views, dogmatic opinions, or even correct views if not personally known to be true. In describing the highly diverse intellectual landscape of his day, he is said to have referred to "the wrangling of views, the jungle of views." He assumed an unsympathetic attitude toward speculative and religious thought in general. In a set of poems in the Sutta Nipata, the Buddha states that he himself has no viewpoint. According to Steven Collins, these poems distill the style of teaching that was concerned less with the content of views and theories than with the psychological state of those who hold them.
Those who wish to experience nirvana must free themselves from everything binding them to the world, including philosophical and religious doctrines. Right view as the first part of the Noble Eightfold Path leads ultimately not to the holding of correct views, but to a detached form of cognition.
Four wrong views.
Gyurme (1987: p. 1431) in his treatise on the principal Nyingma Mahayoga tantra, the "Guhyagarbha Tantra" and its detailed Dzogchen commentary by Longchenpa, conveys the following 'four false views' () they are inappropriate subtle 'activities' (Wylie: phyin) of the mindstream formed from 'habitual patterns' (Sanskrit: vāsanā) that collapse the 'expanse of possibility' or 'openness' (Sanskrit: sunyata) into structures of fixed views or 'formations' (Sanskrit: saṅkhāra) in regards to 'purity of conduct' (Wylie: Śīla), 'suffering' (Sanskrit: dukkha), 'selflessness' (Sanskrit: anatman) and 'impermanence' (Sanskrit: anitya):
The '"four erroneous views" (phyin ci log bzhi) are to apprehend impurity as purity, to apprehend selflessness as self, to apprehend suffering as happiness, and to apprehend impermanence as permanence.

</doc>
<doc id="21632110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632110" title="WOW Sight &amp; Sound">
WOW Sight &amp; Sound

WOW Sight & Sound is an Australian online retailer.
WOW Sight and Sound used to operate 15 stores across Australia, and began with a single store in Brisbane in 2003. They operated stores in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory.
The stores sold a wide range of electronic equipment including televisions and set-top boxes, portable media players, mobile phones, car audio, navigations systems and CB radios, accessories. A range of consumer electronics products were sold under the ""Vue" and "Nashi"" house brand. WOW Sight & Sound at one point was also a Ticketek reseller.
They also sold a range of DVDs and music cds. In 2008, WOW launched their online store where most products sold at storefront were available to be purchased online.
In February 2012, the company was placed in liquidation. The company experienced a 7.7% decline in revenue in 2011 and was owed $20 m by the failed property development investment company, Aristicon.
As of July 2012, WOW has become an online-only retailer, closing all of its brick and mortar stores.

</doc>
<doc id="21632138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632138" title="Yusuf Barak">
Yusuf Barak

Yusuf Barak () is a German-Afghan footballer who currently plays with SG Altenhasungen/Oelshausen/Istha.
Club career stats.
Last update: 9 September 2011

</doc>
<doc id="21632154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632154" title="Mexican Railway">
Mexican Railway

The Mexican Railway ("Ferrocarril Mexicano") was one of the primary pre-nationalization railways of Mexico. Incorporated in London in September 1864 as the Imperial Mexican Railway ("Ferrocarril Imperial Mexicano") to complete an earlier project, it was renamed in July 1867 after the Second French Empire withdrew from Mexico. The main line from Mexico City to Veracruz was dedicated on January 1, 1873 by President Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada; branches connected Ometusco to Pachuca and Apizaco to Puebla.
The Mexican Railway remained independent of the government-owned Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México ("National Railways of Mexico") until the government gained control in June 1946 and merged the property in March 1959. Following privatization in the 1990s, Ferrosur acquired the lines of the former Mexican Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="21632165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632165" title="2006 WPSL season">
2006 WPSL season

The 2006 Women's Premier Soccer League season was the 10th season of the WPSL. 
Long Island Fury finished the season as national champions.
Final standings.
"Purple indicates division title clinched"

</doc>
<doc id="21632174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632174" title="The Shields Stories">
The Shields Stories

The Shields Stories was a Canadian television drama series, which aired on W in 2004. A short-run dramatic anthology series produced by Shaftesbury Films, the series dramatized six short stories by Carol Shields.
The series was a sequel of sorts to Shaftesbury's prior "The Atwood Stories", which dramatized six short stories by another Canadian writer, Margaret Atwood.

</doc>
<doc id="21632178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632178" title="Cuneiform Digital Library Initiative">
Cuneiform Digital Library Initiative

The Cuneiform Digital Library Initiative (CDLI) is an international digital library project aimed at putting text and images of an estimated 500,000 recovered cuneiform tablets created from between roughly 3350 BC and the end of the pre-Christian era online. The principal investigators for the project are Robert K. Englund from University of California, Los Angeles and Peter Damerow from the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science; Pennsylvania Sumerian Dictionary leader Stephen J. Tinney is a co-principal investigator. In 2004 Englund received the Richard W. Lyman Award from the National Humanities Center for his work on the initiative.
The project began in 1998 but it was not until 2000 that it obtained funds for three years from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Science Foundation's Digital Library Initiative. This phase consisted of digitizing and progressively putting online the collections of the Vorderasiatisches Museum (online in 2001), the Institut Catholique de Paris (online in 2002), the Hermitage Museum and the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology (online in 2003), and the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. A second phase from 2004 to 2006 was federally funded by the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Institute of Museum and Library Services, during which time it focused on new educational components and scalable access systems to the data.

</doc>
<doc id="21632181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632181" title="Al Farooj Fresh">
Al Farooj Fresh

Al Farooj Fresh is an international chain of fast food restaurants based in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Al Farooj Fresh was the first fast-casual restaurant chain in UAE that offered healthy food, such as shawerma sandwiches and chicken meals.
Al Farooj Fresh is a wholly owned subsidiary of Al Islami Foods, a company that provides halal food products, and has 18 branches worldwide including 14 in the UAE, 1 in Oman and 2 in Lebanon.
History.
Al-Farooj Fresh was founded by a Lebanese family in 1994, with the first branch opening at Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates that year. By 2006 the chain had expanded to a total of eight branches.
On February 25, 2006, at the Gulfood Exhibition held at the Dubai International Convention & Exhibition Centre, it was announced that Al Farooj was acquired by the Mohammed Bin Rashid Establishment for Young Business Leaders, an organisation launched in 2002 to encourage and facilitate the development of business and entrepreneurial activity among UAE nationals. The Establishment worked jointly with Al Islami to introduce the concept to UAE entrepreneurs after final approval of Al Islami on the franchisee selection.
In February, 2008, Al Islami acquired majority shares of the Al Farooj restaurant chain, relaunching the franchise later that month with plans to expand operations to serve the Middle Eastern market. Coinciding with the relaunch of Al Farooj Fresh, Al Islami announced plans to unveil their hospitality arm, of which Al Farooj Fresh was a major part of the portfolio – along with Al Islami Cart, Al Islami Meat Shops and a number of food products. The company's expansion continued into 2009, with Al Islami revealing that they would be expanding the Al Farooj chain to 17 branches with an investment of DHS 8 million (appx $2.2 million), providing them with 17 branches worldwide consisting of 14 in the UAE, 1 in Oman and 2 in Lebanon., and Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="21632184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632184" title="Spice Digital">
Spice Digital

Spice Digital Limited, previously known as Cellebrum Technologies Limited, is a developer of Mobile Value Added Services (MVAS), Mobile applications and Internet products and services with headquarters at Noida in NCR, India.
Spice Digital is a subsidiary of listed entity S Mobility, which has diversified interests in telecom space. The Company offers services for Telecom Operators, Enterprises and Government, using different mobile connectivity medium of Voice, IVR, SMS, USSD, WAP, 3G, Mobile Applications & Mobiles.
History.
The company was incorporated in 2000 with a staff of 13. It invested Rs 100 crores, in July 2006, to soup up its technology and expand its product line. It set up a Rs 50 crore incubation fund for up start ventures. The company doubled its employee strength in 2006 taking its headcount to 400. It revamped its operations in 2007 to enhance its Research and Development capabilities.
Services.
The company provides products and services on Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD),Interactive Voice Response (IVR), Wireless Application Protocol (WAP),General Packet Radio Service (GPRS), and
Short message service(SMS) platforms, Value Added Services such as Mobile Radio, Caller Ring back Tones, Background Music, Select Caller List, Entertainment, Gaming, Social Networking,Devotional portals and Mobile applications across platforms(Android, iOS, J2MEE). The company also provides Managed Telecom Services, Roaming Services,Content aggregation, and Enterprise services.
Spice Digital has recently partnered with IRCTC and has come up with a unique online travel portal "Spice Safar" which facilitates its users with various travel booking options.
Acquisitions / Subsidiaries.
BeoWorld (Malaysia).
Spice Digital acquired Device VAS Company BeoWorld in order to expand their product line.
In Nov 2010, Spice Mobility announced that its subsidiary, Spice Digital has entered into agreement to acquire, directly or through its subsidiary, 100% of the issued share capital of Beoworld. Beoworld is a company incorporated in Malaysia, it provides an open platform and market place to promote and monetize 3rd party application development and content for mobile devices on MediaTek (MTK) and Android platforms.
Spice Labs (India).
Spice Labs was incubated to work in the area of mobile applications space. Spice Labs has worked extensively on BlackBerry platform with over 50 Million application downloads.
With Android catching up of late, significant work is now being undertaken on this platform.
Spice Digital (Africa).
In early 2010, operations were started in Africa with headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya.
In 2013, after massive expansion, headquarters has been shifted to Johannesburg, South Africa.
Spice Stellar Mobile Series.
It is a series of mobiles launched by Spice Digital. According to February 2013 this series has 5 Android Smartphones including a tablet.Their names are Stellar Xtacy (known as mi-352), Stellar craze (known as mi-335), Stellar nhance (known as mi-435), Stellar pad (known as mi-1010), Stellar virtuoso (known as mi-495), Stellar pinnacle (known as mi-530). Where Xtacy is low budget Android phone, craze, nhance and pad is mid budget phone and tablet, and virtuoso and pinnacle is high ended multimedia phone nhance is also placed it this category because of it features and price.
On 4 July 2014 Spice launched its all-new Stellar 445 budget quad-core smartphone in India

</doc>
<doc id="21632192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632192" title="Ella Edmondson">
Ella Edmondson

Eleanor Rose "Ella" Edmondson (born 22 January 1986; Hammersmith, London, England) is an English singer-songwriter. Her primary instrument is the guitar though she can also play piano.
Biography.
Edmondson is the eldest of three daughters of "The Comic Strip" colleagues Adrian Edmondson and Jennifer Saunders. She has two younger sisters, Beatrice and Freya. The majority of Edmondson's childhood was spent in Richmond before her family relocated to Devon. She attended Exeter School where she wrote songs as part of her music GCSE. Edmondson became a fan of death metal because it was the only music that her father didn't like. She went through a goth phase as a teenager and became a satanist. She worked as snowboarding instructor in Canada, a barmaid and a painter and decorator before deciding to focus on music full-time. Ella married her longtime boyfriend, Dan at the end of September 2010 and they had their first child, Fred on 27 August 2012. She became a mother for the second time in 2014 when she gave birth to another son, Albert Rafferty.
Ella began writing songs at the age of ten, and first recorded at 12 with Glyn Johns. At 14, she received her first guitar as a Christmas present from her father and taught herself to play by copying him. Her first gig was at 16 supporting Thousand Natural Shocks in Exeter. She made an appearance in an episode of her mother's sitcom "Jam and Jerusalem" in 2006 performing "Breathe". In 2007, she released her first EP, "Blame Amy" and appeared on the compilation "Folk Rising". Her debut album, "Hold Your Horses", was released on 16 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21632198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632198" title="Tom Clark (American football)">
Tom Clark (American football)

Tom Clark is an American college football coach. He served for nine non-consecutive seasons as the head coach at The Catholic University of America, where he compiled a 58–32–1 record and a 0.643 winning percentage. Currently, Clark is the defensive backs coach for the College of William and Mary.
Early life.
Clark was born and raised in Silver Spring, MD. He attended the University of Maryland where he graduated in 1986 with a bachelor's degree in kinesiology. His first coaching position was as the head coach at St. John's College High School in Washington, D.C. from 1983 to 1984.
Coaching career.
Clark's first college coaching experience was as the secondary coach for the football team at Catholic from 1985 to 1986. He then moved on to Colorado, where he served in the same capacity for the 1987 and 1988 seasons. He returned to the Washington metropolitan area to serve as athletic director and head football coach at Bishop McNamara High School in Forestville, Maryland from 1988 to 1994.
In 1994, Clark returned to Catholic to take the head coaching position. He remained there for seven seasons and compiled a record of 56–14–1 and a 0.792 winning percentage. Each year from 1997 to 1999, Catholic advanced to the Division III playoffs before being eliminated. In 1999, the team won the Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC) championship with a 9–2 record. It was the first year that Catholic was eligible for the ODAC title as a new member.
From 2001 to 2003, Clark served as the defensive coordinator for William & Mary. The Tribe won a share of the Atlantic 10 Conference championship in his first year. In 2004, Clark returned to Catholic again as head coach. He stayed for two seasons, but was less successful, compiling a 2–18 record.
In 2006, Clark became the defensive coordinator for Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia. He installed a 3-4 defensive scheme, which had previously never been used at Liberty. During that first season, the Liberty Flames ranked 12th nationally in scoring defense, allowing 15.64 points per game, and 36th in total defense, allowing a total of 306.0 yards per game.
He returned to Williamsburg in 2012 to serve as the Tribe's defensive backs coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21632206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632206" title="Elizabeth Tan">
Elizabeth Tan

Elizabeth Tan (born 6 January 1986) is a British actress of Chinese descent, best known for her role in the highly popular and longest running TV series ITV's "Coronation Street", as the show's first regular Chinese character, Xin Proctor.
Career.
Tan's previous roles include Anna Zhou in "Journey's End", the second episode of the two-part finale of series 4 of the acclaimed British science fiction series "Doctor Who", Penny Anderson in "New Tricks", Lu Choi in "Hustle" and the enigmatic Madame Ching in the fantasy drama "Spirit Warriors". Other BBC television appearances include "Spooks"/"MI5", "Hotel Babylon" and the comedy series, "Just for Laughs".
Tan has also worked in theatre and film including her role as Abigail in Arthur Miller's "The Crucible", her memorable portrayal of Bunny in the award-winning play, "This Isn’t Romance" at the Soho Theatre and as Pae in the Bollywood film, "Love Aaj Kal", starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone. Other film appearances include "Swinging with the Finkels", starring Martin Freeman, and "Hallo Panda".
In 2013, she appeared as Sulim in "The Syndicate" (with Mark Addy), an edgy BBC drama series depicting a syndicate of time workers at a public hospital in Bradford who enter a lottery and win. In the same year, Tan also appeared in the BBC series "Way to Go" as Ryh-Ming, a television sitcom starring Blake Harrison and created by Bob Kushell.
More recently, Tan took on another regular TV role as Princess Windsor in BBC's school-based drama series "Waterloo Road ", portraying the partner of sarcastic Languages teacher, George Windsor (Angus Deayton). In the series, Princess' storylines involve a rocky marriage to George and a short-lived affair with Kevin Chalk (Tommy Lawrence Knight).

</doc>
<doc id="21632210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632210" title="Haviland Smith">
Haviland Smith

Haviland Smith is a retired CIA station chief who worked in Prague, Berlin, Langley, Beirut, and Tehran, primarily on issues related to the Soviet Union. He also served as chief of the counterrorism staff and as executive assistant to the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Frank Carlucci. He is a graduate of Exeter, Dartmouth College, and the University of London. He served in the U.S. Army at the United States Army Security Agency before joining the CIA. He is retired and lives in Williston, Vermont.
Special techniques.
He was the creator of espionage techniques used by the CIA during the Cold War in the Soviet Union and East Europe, including the brush contact and the creation and manipulation of the "gap".
Post CIA career.
Since his retirement, he has contributed Op-eds to local New England papers as well as "The Boston Globe", the "Hartford Courant", "The Baltimore Sun" and "The Washington Post". He has also written regularly for "Nieman Watchdog" and "American Diplomacy" and has lectured around the Eastern U.S. on Russia, the Soviet Union, the Middle East, Terrorism and the intelligence process.

</doc>
<doc id="21632232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632232" title="California Valley Airport">
California Valley Airport

California Valley Airport is a privately owned restricted-use airport located adjacent to the community center of California Valley, in the sparsely populated Carrizo Plain of San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.
Although the runway's south end is marked with a white "X" indicating that it is closed to use, the surface is in fair to good condition and is used occasionally with prior permission. There are no services or ground transportation available. This airport is used privately and by CHP, BML, CalFire; and for emergency medical helicopter evacuation.
Normal landing direction is toward the north on runway 31, with limited tiedowns at the northwest end marked by short white perpendicular lines. Barbed wire fence surrounds the runway, and may be a hazard to some aircraft. Cattle are occasionally loose inside the fenced runway, or just outside the fence. There may be some small loose stones on the hard surface. A wind sock is located at the west fence approximately mid-field. Avoid overflight of homes and buildings, and practice noise abatement procedures.
Note that high winds are often encountered, including gusty crosswinds, and weather conditions can change abruptly. High temperatures in summer can result in high density altitude conditions. This valley has been considered for wind electricity generation sites, indicating the strength and frequency of windy conditions.
To request landing authorization contact John Ruskovich, 805.441-7006 between 10am-4pm PDT weekdays.

</doc>
<doc id="21632244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632244" title="Missionary Order of Mariannhill">
Missionary Order of Mariannhill

The Missionary Order of Mariannhill is a Roman Catholic religious congregation of the Roman Catholic Church founded on, 1909 by Franz Pfanner, an Austrian Trappist monk. The name of the order come from Mariannhill, a little suburb near Pinetown in KwaZulu Natal, South Africa.
Formation of the Missionary Order of Mariannhill.
A few months before the death of Abbot Franz Pfanner, the Holy See, at the request of the Trappists of Mariannhill, made a considerable change in their status. The Cistercians' rule in its rigour, for which Abbot Pfanner was most zealous, was found to be an obstacle to missionary development in some particulars. In 1906 Pope Pius X approved the constitutions of the Missionary Sisters of the Precious Blood, and in 1909 separated Mariannhill from the Trappist Order, erecting their church into a collegiate church, under the leadership of a provost, and changing the name of the group, who were given a milder rule, to that of Missionaries of Mariannhill.
The members of the congregation are exempt from the jurisdiction of the ordinary of the diocese and take simple, but perpetual, vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience, to dedicate the entire life to the missions.
Membership.
There at present number about 60 priests, with 260 choir-religious and lay-brothers. From its foundation until 1 January 1910, nearly 20,000 persons, mostly adults, have been baptized in the 55 churches and chapels scattered throughout the 26 missions and stations.

</doc>
<doc id="21632248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632248" title="Laberia Hostilia Crispina">
Laberia Hostilia Crispina

Laberia Hostilia Crispina, full name Laberia Marcia Hostilia Crispina Moecia Cornelia, was a noble Roman woman and heiress that lived between the second half of the 1st century and the first half of the 2nd century in the Roman Empire. 
Laberia was a contemporary to the rule of Roman Emperor Domitian 81-96 and the rule of the Nervan-Antonian dynasty of Ancient Rome. She was the daughter and only child born to Manius Laberius Maximus and her mother is an unnamed Roman woman. Laberia belonged to a distinguished family of Equestrian rank who came from Lanuvium (modern Lanuvio, Italy). 
Her father was a significant, distinguished Senator, Suffect Consul and General during the reigns of Emperors Domitian and Trajan. While her paternal grandfather Lucius Laberius Maximus, was a distinguished politician in Domitian’s reign. Lucius successfully was a prefect in charge of the grain supply of Rome. Later he served as the Governor of the Egypt province and became a Praetorian prefect. While her paternal great, grandfather another Lucius Laberius Maximus served as a magistrate. 
Laberia was born and raised in Lanuvium or Rome. When her father died in 117, Laberia inherited her family’s fortune and became a rich heiress to the family name. She married the consul and senator Caius Bruttius Praesens Lucius Fulvius Rusticus as his second wife, while Praesens was her first and only husband. 
Laberia settled and lived with her husband in Volceii, Lucania, Italy. Around or in 119, Laberia bore Praesens a son and only child Lucius Fulvius Gaius Bruttius Praesens Laberius Maximus Polyonymus. Her son would become later a Consul and Senator. Through her son, Laberia would become the paternal grandmother to future consul Lucius Bruttius Quintius Crispinus and future Roman empress Bruttia Crispina, who married the future Roman Emperor Commodus. Through Lucius Bruttius Quintius Crispinus, she would have further descendants who would become consuls.

</doc>
<doc id="21632266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632266" title="Robert Koch Woolf">
Robert Koch Woolf

Robert Koch Woolf, formerly known as Robert Koch (born Temple, Texas, 1923; died Montecito, California, 2004), was an American interior decorator noted for the Hollywood homes he created with architect John Elgin Woolf.
Career.
After serving in the military during Second World War, Woolf settled in the Los Angeles area where he worked at a local decorating store. He met John Woolf in 1948 and together their homes created a distinctive style using Mansard roofs, Doric columns, oval lead windows and shutter-framed French doors. Inside, the space was typically as glamorous as it was a play on illusion with circular hallways and mirrored pool pavilions.
They "established a new vocabulary for glamorous movie-star living; they synthesized 19th-century French, Greek Revival and Modernist touches into a heady mixture that has since been christened Hollywood Regency, which foreshadowed aspects of postmodernism."
Legacy.
Their clients included many of the leading entertainment personalities of the day including George Cukor, Katharine Hepburn, Ira Gershwin, Judy Garland, Bob Hope, Fanny Brice, Cary Grant, Lillian Gish, Ray Milland and Loretta Young.
Family.
Woolf was the lover, business partner and later adoptive son of John Woolf. He was survived by his companions Gene Oney (also adopted by John Woolf and now known as Gene Woolf) and William Capp. Shortly after his death in 2004, the lives of all four men were featured in a major article for "Vanity Fair".

</doc>
