<doc id="21475265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475265" title="Trillium Power Wind 1">
Trillium Power Wind 1

Trillium Power Wind 1 ("TPW1") is a proposed 450 to 500 megawatt (MW) far-offshore wind farm in Canadian waters of northeastern Lake Ontario at least 17 km to 28 km from the nearest mainland. This well-supported renewable energy project is being developed by Trillium Power Wind Corporation, a privately owned Canadian-owned company headquartered in Toronto. TPW1 is positioned to be among the first offshore wind farms built in The Great Lakes.
Project description.
On May 19, 2011 Trillium Power Wind Corporation gave notice to the McGuinty Government that if it's targeted action against Trillium Power was not corrected it would initiate an action suing the Government of Ontario for 2.25 Billion dollars. No correction was made as requested. Therefore, on September 28, 2011, Trillium Power Wind Corporation filed it's claim in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice and was assigned the court file # CV-11-436012. While the legal claim was initiated against the government of Dalton McGuinty, Trillium Power has continuously stated in the media that it does not hold Premier Wynne responsible for creating the cause of the litigation. Instead, Trillium Power has stated that litigation was the last option and was only taken when the McGuinty government would not even meet or discuss options to correct their targeted action to harm Trillium Power. Trillium Power has always sought solutions that are in the long-term benefit of all Ontarians, the environment and the economy.
The TPW1 "far"-offshore wind site is acknowledged as the premier site in North America and especially The Great Lakes. The TPW1 site is located in northeastern Lake Ontario, approximately 38 km southwest of Kingston, Ontario SW on the shoals of Main Duck Island. The project, as currently planned, will consist of approximately 90 to 100 either 5.0 MW or 6.0 far-offshore turbines and two offshore substations linked to the Lennox Transmission Station by way of an underwater cable. The total project cost is estimated at $1.5 billion CDN of private capital with no cost to taxpayers.
The wind farm will produce between 450 and 500 megawatts (MW) of clean electricity with a net capacity factor of 43%, which is equivalent to the amount of power consumed by a minimum of 130,000 typical Ontario households. TPW1 will offset at least 1.5 million tonnes of CO2 emissions from coal-fired generation and 931,745 tonnes of CO2 emissions from natural gas generation every year. All power generated by the project will be sold to the Ontario Power Authority under a 20-year minimum Power Purchase Agreement. Under Ontario's "Green Energy and Green Economy Act" adopted in May 2009, offshore wind facilities of any size will receive a 19¢ per kilowatt hour (kWh) Feed-in tariff.
Approvals process and current status.
Trillium Power is currently undergoing Ontario's Renewable Energy Approval process. As of the date of the targeted acton against Trillium Power by the McGuinty government on February 11, 2011, Trillium Power had completed 105 studies, reports and regulatory actions including, but not limited to: avian, aquatic, geophysical, ice, wave, navigation, noise, etc. The first round of public consultations were held in Napanee, Ontario, Picton, Ontario and Cape Vincent, New York in early July, 2010.
The TPW1 site is located on provincial Crown Land secured through Ontario's Windpower Site Release and Development Program via an embedded Land Use Permit (LUP).
All offshore wind power projects were abruptly cancelled/suspended by the Ontario government, due to a targeted action by senior members of the McGuinty Government on February 2011 to harm Trillium Power's imminent closing of a $26 million tranche of equity financing on February 11, 2011 at 3:00pm. The Ontario Environmental Bill of Rights Registry notice of February 11, 2011 specifically states "Going forward, members of the public and all interested parties will have an opportunity to review and comment through the Environmental Registry on proposed technical, environmental and other requirements as they are developed . It is anticipated that once offshore wind-specific requirements are fully developed they would be included in regulation, policy and guidelines", showing that this was a targeted action against Trillium Power and not a policy decision that was supposed to be developed at a later date.
The claim by Trillium Power vs. Ontario was initially struck down by a motions judge and was then appealed to Ontario's highest court - the Ontario Court of Appeal. The Appeal was heard on March 22, 2013. On November 12, 2013 the 3 judges of the Ontario Court of Appeal rendered their decision whereby they found Trillium Power's case could proceed on the claim of misfeasance in public office. On February 28, 2014 the Ontario Government filed a Statement of Defense after nearly 3 years of delay.
Additional projects.
TPW1 is the first of Trillium Power's four unique offshore wind developments in the Great Lakes. Trillium Power's additional sites include: Trillium Power Wind 2, The Great Lakes Array and The Superior Array.

</doc>
<doc id="21475269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475269" title="Tadeusz Jan Kowalski">
Tadeusz Jan Kowalski

Tadeusz Jan Kowalski (1889-1948) was a Polish orientalist, expert on Middle East Muslim culture and languages. He was a professor at Jagiellonian University, and a member of the Polish Academy of Learning. 

</doc>
<doc id="21475276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475276" title="Pucacuro National Reserve">
Pucacuro National Reserve

The Pucacuro National Reserve () is a protected area in Peru located in the Loreto Region, Loreto Province, Tigre District.

</doc>
<doc id="21475308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475308" title="Napkin (disambiguation)">
Napkin (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="21475324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475324" title="Kergunyah">
Kergunyah

Kergunyah is a locality in north eastern Victoria. The locality is on the Kiewa Valley Highway, north east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Kergunyah had a population of 188.
Dairy.
The oldest still operating Dairy Farm in the Kiewa Valley is located in Kergunyah on the border of Kergunyah and Kiewa. Owned and operated by the Glass family it started operation in 1902. The dairy went from a walk-through design to a Herringbone. When the Dairy was first built milking was done entirely by hand with workers manually hand milking each Cow. 
It was later converted to run on steam. There was a large boiler outside the dairy that had to be refueled often to maintain steady steam production to run the dairy. This made milking a lot easier; the workers could get the milk into the vat but they had no way of cooling it. There was only a certain amount of time the milk could be in the vat before the milk went off and was no longer suitable for human consumption. 
The dairy was then converted to a walk-through design. This put much less stress on workers as they no longer had to bend over to put milking cups on cows. The walk-through was still powered via steam. The Herringbone system was then converted to run via electricity after it became available in the Kiewa Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="21475328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475328" title="Lost Decade (Japan)">
Lost Decade (Japan)

The is the time after the Japanese asset price bubble's collapse within the Japanese economy. The term originally referred to the years from 1991 to 2000, but recently the decade from 2001 to 2010 is often included, so that the whole period of the 1990s to the present is referred to as the Lost Two Decades or the Lost 20 Years (失われた20年, "Ushinawareta Nijūnen"). Over the period of 1995 to 2007, GDP fell from $5.33 to $4.36 trillion in nominal terms, real wages fell around 5%, while the country experienced chronic deflation. While there is some debate on the extent and measurement of Japan's setbacks, the economic effect of the Lost Decade is well established and Japanese policymakers continue to grapple with its consequence.
Causes.
Japan's strong economic growth in the second half of the 20th century ended abruptly at the start of the 1990s. In the late 1980s, abnormalities within the Japanese economic system had fueled a speculative asset price bubble of a massive scale. The cozy relationship between Japanese corporations and banking system meant that credit was easy to attain even when the investment lacked quality. As Economist Paul Krugman explained, "Japan's banks lent more, with less regard for quality of the borrower, than anyone else's. In so doing they helped inflate the bubble economy to grotesque proportions."
Trying to deflate speculation and keep inflation in check, the Bank of Japan sharply raised inter-bank lending rates in late 1989. This sharp policy caused the bursting of the bubble and the japanese stock market crashed. Equity and asset prices fell leaving overly leveraged Japanese banks and insurance companies with books full of bad debt. The financial institutions were bailed out through capital infusions from the government, loans and cheap credit from the central bank, and the ability to postpone the recognition of losses, ultimately turning them into zombie banks. Yalman Onaran of Bloomberg News writing in "Salon" stated that the zombie banks were one of the reasons for the following long stagnation. Additionally Michael Schuman of "Time" magazine noted that these banks kept injecting new funds into unprofitable "zombie firms" to keep them afloat, arguing that they were too big to fail. However, most of these companies were too debt-ridden to do much more than survive on bail-out funds. Schuman believed that Japan's economy did not begin to recover until this practice had ended.
Eventually, many of these failing firms became unsustainable, and a wave of consolidation took place, resulting in four national banks in Japan. Many Japanese firms were burdened with heavy debts, and it became very difficult to obtain credit. Many borrowers turned to sarakin (loan sharks) for loans. As of 2012, the official interest rate was 0.1%; the interest rate has remained below 1% since 1994.
Effects.
Despite mild economic recovery in the 2000s, conspicuous consumption of the 1980s such as lavish spending on whiskey and cars has not returned to the same pre-crash levels. Difficult times in the 1990s made people frown on ostentatious displays of wealth, while Japanese firms such as Toyota and Sony which had dominated the industry in the 1980s had to fend off strong competition from rival firms based in other East Asian countries — especially South Korea. Many Japanese companies replaced a large part of their workforce with temporary workers, who had little job security and fewer benefits. As of 2009, these non-traditional employees made up more than a third of the labor force. And for the wider Japanese workforce, wages have stagnated. From their peak in 1997, real wages have fallen since around 13% — an unprecedented number among developed nations.
The wider economy of Japan is still recovering from the impact of the 1991 crash and subsequent lost decades. It took 12 years for Japan's GDP to recover to the same levels as 1995, and in the interim Japan's economy shrunk below those of France, Germany, Canada and the UK — even when those nations had weak decades themselves. And as a greater sign of economic malaise, Japan also fell behind in output per capita. In 1991, real output per capita in Japan was 14% higher than Australia's, but in 2011 real output has dropped to 14% "below "Australia's levels. In the span of 20 years, Japan's economy was overtaken not only in gross output, but labor efficiency, whereas previously it was a global leader in both.
In response to chronic deflation and low growth, Japan has attempted economic stimulus and thereby run a fiscal deficit since 1991. These economic stimuli have had at best nebulous effects on the Japanese economy and have contributed to the huge debt burden on the Japanese government. Expressed as a percentage of the Japan's GDP, at 240% Japan has the highest level of debt of any nation on earth. While Japan's is a special case where the majority of public debt is held in the domestic market and by the Bank of Japan, the sheer size the debt demands large service payments and is a worrying sign of the country's financial health.
Interpretation.
Economist Paul Krugman has argued that Japan's lost decade is an example of a liquidity trap (a situation in which monetary policy is unable to lower nominal interest rates because these are close to zero). He explained how truly massive the asset bubble was in Japan by 1990, with a tripling of land and stock market prices during the prosperous 1980s. Japan's high personal savings rates, driven in part by the demographics of an aging population, enabled Japanese firms to rely heavily on traditional bank loans from supporting banking networks, as opposed to issuing stock or bonds via the capital markets to acquire funds. The cozy relationship of corporations to banks and the implicit guarantee of a taxpayer bailout of bank deposits created a significant moral hazard problem, leading to an atmosphere of crony capitalism and reduced lending standards. He wrote: "Japan's banks lent more, with less regard for quality of the borrower, than anyone else's. In so doing they helped inflate the bubble economy to grotesque proportions." The Bank of Japan began increasing interest rates in 1990 due in part to concerns over the bubble and in 1991 land and stock prices began a steep decline, within a few years reaching 60% below their peak.
Economist Richard Koo wrote that Japan's "Great Recession" that began in 1990 was a "balance sheet recession". It was triggered by a collapse in land and stock prices, which caused Japanese firms to become insolvent, meaning their assets were worth less than their liabilities. Despite zero interest rates and expansion of the money supply to encourage borrowing, Japanese corporations in aggregate opted to pay down their debts from their own business earnings rather than borrow to invest as firms typically do. Corporate investment, a key demand component of GDP, fell enormously (22% of GDP) between 1990 and its peak decline in 2003. Japanese firms overall became net savers after 1998, as opposed to borrowers. Koo argues that it was massive fiscal stimulus (borrowing and spending by the government) that offset this decline and enabled Japan to maintain its level of GDP. In his view, this avoided a U.S. type Great Depression, in which U.S. GDP fell by 46%. He argued that monetary policy was ineffective because there was limited demand for funds while firms paid down their liabilities. In a balance sheet recession, GDP declines by the amount of debt repayment and un-borrowed individual savings, leaving government stimulus spending as the primary remedy.
Economist Scott Sumner has argued that Japan's monetary policy was too tight during the Lost Decade and thus prolonged the pain felt by the Japanese economy.
Economists Fumio Hayashi and Edward Prescott argue that the anemic performance of the Japanese economy since the early 1990s is mainly due to the low growth rate of aggregate productivity. Their hypothesis stands in direct contrast to popular explanations that are based in terms of an extended credit crunch that emerged in the aftermath of a bursting asset “bubble.” They are led to explore the implications of their hypothesis on the basis of evidence that suggests that despite the ongoing difficulties in the Japanese banking sector, desired capital expenditure was for the most part fully financed. They suggest that Japan’s sluggish investment activity is likely to be better understood in terms of low levels of desired capital expenditure and not in terms of credit constraints that prohibit firms from financing projects with positive net present value (NPV). Monetary or fiscal policies might increase consumption in the short run, but unless productivity growth increases, there is a legitimate fear that such a policy may simply transform Japan from a low-growth/low-inflation economy to a low-growth/high-inflation economy.
In her analysis of Japan's gradual path to economic success and then quick reversal, Jennifer Amyx noted that Japanese experts were not unaware of the possible causes of Japan's economic decline. Rather, to return Japan's economy back to the path to economic prosperity, policymakers would have had to adopt policies that would first cause short-term harm to the Japanese people and government. Under this analysis, says Ian Lustick, Japan was stuck on a "local maxima," which it arrived at through gradual increases in its fitness level, set by the economic landscape of the 1970s and 80s. Without an accompanying change in institutional flexibility, Japan was unable to adapt to changing conditions and even though experts may have known which changes needed to be made, they would have been virtually powerless to enact those changes without instituting unpopular policies which would have been harmful in the short-term. Lustick's analysis is rooted in the application of evolutionary theory and natural selection to understanding institutional rigidity in the social sciences.
Dissent.
Financial Journalist Eamonn Fingleton argues there was no lost decade or decades in Japan and the appellation is complete media-created myth perpetuated for the benefit of certain vested interests. In his articles “The Myth of Japan’s Failure” and “The Myth of Japan's Lost Decades'” he demonstrates that when one measures the success of the Japanese economy by standard of living and other types of economic indicators such as the strength of the yen and Japan’s trade surplus, a very different picture of Japan emerges. He states concerning Japan's so-called "lost decades", "… that presentation of Japan is a myth. By many measures, the Japanese economy has done very well during the so-called lost decades, which started with a stock market crash in January 1990. By some of the most important measures, it has done a lot better than the United States."
He argues that there is no such thing as "recovering" from a "crash" if stock prices and asset valuations were artificially high in the first place. The "crash" itself is the recovery, that is, recovering to sensible and rational levels of asset valuation. Specifically stating "In any case the implosion since 1991 the stock market and real estate prices has merely restored some sanity to valuations that had previously become -- very temporarily -- outlandish". In terms of Japan's allegedly slow "growth rate" averaging 1% per year over the past 20 years, he sees this as immaterial as the standard of living in Japan has been unaffected and has in fact improved over the ensuing years. Stating, "Japanese people have enjoyed one of the biggest improvements in living standards of any major First World nation in the interim the so-called "lost decades"." In fact, he alleges that when proper accounting methods are used (i.e., adjusting gross domestic product results on a per-capita basis, and rejecting the "hedonic method" of adjusting for inflation as used by the United States) Japan actually comes out ahead of the United States in terms of economic performance.
According to Fingleton, the motives behind promoting the myth of the "lost decades" are manifold. On the Japanese side, Japanese officials benefit from the myth as it effectively mutes the opposition levied against the country during the 1980s. During that time, manufacturers in the West (most notably the American automobile industry) lamented Japan's economic rise and claimed they were unable to compete fairly with Japanese exports, subsequently directing hostility towards Japan and the Japanese. The myth of the "lost decades" effectively deflects and mutes this economic animosity once levied towards Japan. That criticism is now levied instead against China. On the Western side, the myth of the "lost decades" makes it appear that the American and European economic situation is not as bad as it really is when comparing it to Japan's economic malaise.
Further, from a geo-political perspective promoting the notion of Japan's "decline" may be an attempt to foster fear and insecurity in the Japanese people in order to make them more susceptible to nationalist sentiments (thus keeping Asia divided and thwarting the formation of any regional economic bloc involving China); more accepting of the American military presence in Japan (as a "weak" Japan needs outside help to defend against China and North Korea); and finally more willing to enter into international trade agreements such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (advocated by the United States) as the "cure" for Japan's so-called economic decline. Specifically, Noah Smith stating, "Increased trade is probably Japan’s best bet in getting out of its current economic doldrums," said Noah Smith, an assistant professor of finance and economics at Stony Brook University. "If Abe can actually push this Partnership through, this will be his economic legacy, and it will be a positive legacy." However, some believe the Trans-Pacific Partnership will actually destroy Japan economically and seriously undermine Japan's standard of living, especially in terms of health insurance. "A nationwide association of doctors opposes the Partnership pact, arguing that it will force Japan to open its state-controlled health industry to American-style health insurance, eroding its universal insurance system".
Legacy.
After the Great Recession from 2007-2009, Western governments and commentators have referenced the Lost Decade as a distinct economic possibility for stagnating developed nations. On February 9, 2009, in warning of the dire consequences facing the United States economy after its housing bubble, U.S. President Barack Obama cited the "lost decade" as a prospect the American economy faced. And in 2010, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President James Bullard warned that the United States was in danger of becoming "enmeshed in a Japanese-style deflationary outcome within the next several years."
More than 25 years after the initial market crash, Japan is still feeling the effects of Lost Decade. However, several Japanese policymaker have attempted reforms to address the malaise in the Japanese economy. Recently, after Shinzo Abe was elected as Japanese prime minister in December 2012, Abe introduced a reform program known as Abenomics which addresses many of the issues raised by Japan's Lost Decade. His "three arrows" of reform intend to address Japan's chronically low inflation, decreasing worker productivity relative to other developed nations, and demographic issues raised by an aging population. Investor response to the announced reform has been strong, and the Nikkei 225 has rallied to 16,000 from a low of around 9,000 in 2008. And happily, Abenomics seems to be taking its effect as initial economic indicators return to healthy levels — inflation is expected to meet the 2% target rate as set by the Bank of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="21475330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475330" title="Tevče, Ajdovščina">
Tevče, Ajdovščina

Tevče () is a small settlement on the left bank of the Vipava River south of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21475337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475337" title="Lewis Pease">
Lewis Pease

Reverend Louis or Lewis Morris Pease (August 25, 1818-May 30, 1897) was an American Methodist clergyman, educator and prominent reformer during the mid-to late 19th century. He founded the Five Points Mission and later the Five Points House of Industry, established in New York City's infamous Five Points district, which provided religious teaching and work for the area's predominantly working-class Irish Catholics. 
Biography.
Born to Philo Pease and Polly Orton in Lisle, New York on August 25, 1818, Lewis Morris Pease joined the New York Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church and was ordained an elder in 1845. He had originally been commissioned by the Methodist Conference of 1850 to establish a mission in order to reform the area, efforts towards this having been attempted as early as the 1830s, and was able to do so under the supervision of the Ladies' Home Missionary Society that spring.
Upon arriving in the Five Points, he and his wife made their home in a room on Cross Street, near the Old Brewery, and opened their mission. The Ladies' Home Missionary Society believed that the mission's primary purpose was to preach the gospel, provide religious services and bring in converts for the Methodists, which Pease did for several months, however he eventually came to the conclusion that rehabilitation could more likely be achieved by providing education and employment to those who, without other alternatives, would likely turn to crime in order to survive.
In spite of his humanitarian efforts, Pease was dismissed by Ladies' Home Missionary Society within a year. This was prompted when a group a ladies from the society came to visit Pease and learned that he had not preached a sermon in two days having been ""too busy carting great loads of cloth from the manufacturing houses in Broadway to his Five Points workrooms"". He was replaced by evangelist Rev. John Luckey and the society publicly criticized his work in the area. In 1854, the society published a book on the history of the Methodist mission in the Five Points, "The Old Brewery", in which Pease received no mention with exception to a brief reference to ""our first missionary"". Pease and his wife refused to leave the Five Points and instead opened a nondenominational mission.
After the falling out between him and the society, Pease and his wife leased several buildings and established the Five Points House. Schools for children and adults were held and, supervised by Pease and his wife, workrooms were opened in which material was received from local clothing manufacturers to be made into cheap garments. His reputation and success grew and other reformers joined his cause. He also received generous donations from wealthy and prominent New Yorkers. The Five Points House of Industry was founded in 1854 and organized under a Board of Trustees with Pease elected as a member. He held the position of superintendent for eight years. Its first building, a commodious home, was erected in Anthony Street two years later and, in 1864, the old tenements in Cow Bay were purchased and torn down to build a larger mission house. He and his wife later retired to a farm in Westchester, New York which was owned by the Five Points House of Industry and which taught farming and agricultural methods.
In 1870, Pease left New York and settled in Asheville, North Carolina where he spent the next thirty years dedicated to providing education to poor and disadvantaged children. He founded the Pease Industrial School and the Normal & Collegiate School for white girls, the Boys Industrial and Farm School for white boys, and the Colored Industrial School for negro boys and girls. Pease died in Asheville on the night of May 30, 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="21475338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475338" title="Moscelyne Larkin">
Moscelyne Larkin

Edna Moscelyne Larkin Jasinski (January 14, 1925 – April 25, 2012) was one of the "Five Moons", Native American ballerinas from Oklahoma who gained international fame in the 20th century. After dancing with the Original Ballet Russe and the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, she and her husband settled in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where in 1956 they founded the Tulsa Ballet and its associated school. It became a major regional company in the American Southwest and made its New York City debut in 1983. She is portrayed in the mural "Flight of Spirit" displayed in the Rotunda of the Oklahoma State Capitol building.
Early life and education.
Edna Moscelyne Larkin was born in Miami, Oklahoma in 1925, the only daughter of Eva Matlagova-Larkin, a young dancer from Russia, and Ruben Larkin, a Shawnee-Peoria Indian. Her mother trained her in ballet until the girl was old enough to move to New York City to further her studies. There she studied under Vincenzo Celli, Mikhail Mordkin, and Anatole Vilzak-Shollar.
Dancing career.
In 1941, at age 15, Larkin joined Colonel Wassily de Basil's Original Ballet Russe. She performed with the company in Europe and the Americas. While dancing with the company, Larkin met her future husband Roman Jasinski, a "premier danseur" from Poland. 
In 1948, she achieved the rank of ballerina; she and her husband had both moved to the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, directed by Sergei Denham. Radio City Music Hall often showcased her as a prima ballerina. In 1954 Larkin toured Asia, performing in Alexandra Danilova's "Great Movements in Dance". She excelled in comical roles as a "soubrette". She played the can-can dancer in "Gaîté Parisienne". Agnes de Mille, the choreographer and dancer, admired Larkin's performance as the Cowgirl in Aaron Copland's "Rodeo", a role which was premiered by de Mille.
Marriage and family.
Larkin married Roman Jasinski in 1943. After they had a son, Roman Larkin Jasinski, on February 21, 1954, they decided to retire from performing. They moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, where they created a ballet school and founded the Tulsa Civic Ballet (later known as the Tulsa Ballet). It became a major company in the Southwest and made its premier in New York in 1983. Larkin introduced area schoolchildren to ballet and also taught ballet to higher level students at the University of Tulsa.
Honors.
In 1967, Quapaw-Cherokee composer Louis Ballard wrote the music for the ballet, "The Four Moons", for the Oklahoma Indian Ballerina Festival. The ballet honors the Five Moons: Larkin, Yvonne Chouteau, Rosella Hightower, and sisters Maria and Marjorie Tallchief. In its solos, the dancers evoked their four distinct tribal cultures.
Larkin was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 1978. In 1988, she received the annual "Dance Magazine" Award. In 1993, she was inducted in the Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame. The Council of American Indians honored her as "Outstanding Indian" that same year. Chickasaw artist Mike Larsen included Larkin in his monumental mural, "Flight of Spirit", displayed in the Great Rotunda of the Oklahoma State Capitol in Oklahoma City.
Death.
Larkin suffered from Alzheimer's disease and died in Tulsa, Oklahoma, April 25, 2012 from pneumonia. She is survived by her son, Roman Larkin Jasinski.

</doc>
<doc id="21475345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475345" title="Peter O'Loghlen">
Peter O'Loghlen

Peter Joseph O'Loghlen (1883 – 25 October 1971) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A publican, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Clare constituency at the 1938 general election. He was lost his Dáil seat at the 1943 general election but was nominated by the Taoiseach to the 4th Seanad. He regained his Dáil seat at the 1944 general election. He did not contest the 1948 general election. O'Loghlen was a leading member of, and main political representative for, An Ríoghacht.

</doc>
<doc id="21475362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475362" title="Cordillera de Colán National Sanctuary">
Cordillera de Colán National Sanctuary

The Cordillera de Colán National Sanctuary () is a protected area in Peru located in the Amazonas Region, in the Bagua and Utcubamba provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="21475367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475367" title="Bayern-Kaserne">
Bayern-Kaserne

The Bayern-Kaserne (literally "Bavaria-Kaserne") is a military facility in Munich, Germany, originally named General-Wever-Kaserne. The facility was constructed between 1936 and 1938. After World War II it was renamed by the United States forces to Henry Kaserne in honor of Private Robert T. Henry. When it was transferred to the German Bundeswehr, it was renamed once more in honor of General Walther Wever on October 9, 1969.
History.
Before the Americans acquired the barracks in 1945, they were used by Flak units of the Wehrmacht.
In 1953 an armoured battalion of the US 5th Infanttry Division was assigned here.
In 1956 the units of the US Army's 11th Airborne Division replaced the 5th Infantry Dvision and were stationed here. They were the 76th Tank Battalion and 127th Airborne Engineers. The 76th Tank Bn was composed of A, B, C and D companies, and a Headquarters Co. Across the street (Insgolstadteland Strasse) was stationed the 503rd Airborne Infantry Regiment of the 11th Airborne Division. The battalion was equipped with M48 tanks and did its training in Grafenwehr and Vilseck trining areas. Since the battalion was Airborne, Nuebiberg was the LZ, with the DZ located just north of the barracks area (near where the Allianz Arena is today - 2012). The Battalion Commander was Lt. Col. Carlton Preer. The battalion was inactivated in 1958, when the 11th Airborne was inactivated. The personnel and equipment were reassigned to the 24
th Infantry Dvision.
When the American troops left the barracks, the Bundeswehr acquired them in 1969. Until the 1990s they were used by the following units:
Another former user was the Fachausbildungskompanie Munich (FachAusbKp MCH), a company for professional training, which was stationed in the barracks until 1992.
In 1994 the Wehrbereichskommando VI / 1. Gebirgsdivision (WBK IV/1. GebDiv) moved into the Bayern-Kaserne. The WBK IV/1. GebDiv was disposed after the unification of the 1. Gebirgsdivision (1st Mountain Division) with the former Wehrbereichskommando VI. It was renamed to Wehrbereichskommando IV - Süddeutschland in 2001.
Other current users have been the Landeskommando Bayern (LKdoBY; Land Command Bavaria), the catholic and the Protestant military deanery, and the local Bundeswehr school Bundeswehrfachschule-/Zivile Aus- und Weiterbildungsbetreuungsstelle B München (BwFachS-/ZAW-BeSt B MCH) for professional training with civilian recognition, which has been the follow-on institution of the former Ausbildungskompanie Fach-/Fachschulausbildung Munich since 2006.
In late 2007 the facility was sold by the g.e.b.b. to the city of Munich. The Bundeswehr units have to leave the area by 2011. Before the barracks were sold, some parts were rented.

</doc>
<doc id="21475370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475370" title="Sean Walsh">
Sean Walsh

Sean Walsh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21475409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475409" title="Cilicia (Roman province)">
Cilicia (Roman province)

Cilicia was an early Roman province, located on what is today the southern (Mediterranean) coast of Turkey. Cilicia was annexed to the Roman Empire in 64 BC by Pompey, as a consequence of his military presence in the east, after pursuing victory in the Third Mithridatic War. It was subdivided by Diocletian in around 297, and it remained under Roman, and subsequently Byzantine, rule for several centuries, until falling to the Islamic conquests.
First contact and establishment of the province (103 – 47 BC).
Cilicia was a haven for pirates that profited from the slave trade with the Romans. When the Cilician pirates began to attack Roman shipping and towns, the Roman senate decided to send various commanders to deal with the threat. It was during the course of these interventions that the province of Cilicia came into being.
Parts of Cilicia Pedias became Roman territory in 103 BC, during Marcus Antonius Orator’s first campaign against the pirates. While the entire area of “Cilicia” was his “province”, or more correctly, his area of "imperium" during his propraetorial command, only a small portion of that region was made a Roman province at that time.
In 96 BC, Lucius Cornelius Sulla was appointed the propraetorial governor of Cilicia, during which time he stopped an invasion by Mithridates II of Parthia. In 80 BC, the governor of Cilicia was Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella, who was later convicted of illegally plundering the province. His replacement in 78 BC was Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus. He was given the responsibility of clearing out the pirates, and his posting lasted until 74 BC. From 77 to 76 BC, he achieved a number of naval victories against the pirates off the Cilician coast, and was able to occupy the Lycian and Pamphylian coasts. After the pirates fled to their fortified strongholds, Vatia Isauricus began attacking their coastal fortresses. He captured the town of Olympos before going on to capture Phaselis and subduing Corycus and a number of minor pirate strongholds.
Then in 75 BC Vatia Isauricus advanced across the Taurus Mountains (the first time a Roman army had crossed these mountains) and succeeded in defeating the Isauri along the northern slopes. He laid siege to their principal town, Isaura, and managed to capture it after diverting the course of a river, thereby depriving the defenders in the town from their only source of water, after which they soon surrendered. By 74 BC, Vatia Isauricus had organized the territory he had conquered and incorporated it into the province of Cilicia. Nevertheless, much of Cilicia Pedias was still held by Tigranes the Great and belonged to the kingdom of Armenia., while Cilicia Trachea was still under the domination of the pirates.
It wasn’t until Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus was granted his extraordinary command against the pirates in 67 BC, and the decisive Battle of Korakesion (in modern Alanya), that the pirates were finally driven out and subdued, and Cilicia Trachea was brought under Roman control. After Pompey was granted command of the Third Mithridatic War, he forced the surrender of King Triganes and proceeded to strip off of the king the parts of Cilicia Pedias that Triganes still possessed. By 64 BC, Pompey had organized the new province, adding all of his recent conquests to the original province of Cilicia, and made Tarsus the capital of the new province.
Pompey’s reorganized Cilicia had six parts: Cilicia Campestris, Cilicia Aspera, Pamphylia, Pisidia, Isauria, and Lycaonia; with the largest part of Phrygia, including the "Conventus iuridicus" of Laodicea, Apamea, and Synnada. To the east of Cilicia Campestris, Pompey left a local dynast, Tarcondimotus, in control of Anazarbos and Mount Amanus. The Tarcondimotid dynasty would continue to hold the region as staunch allies of Rome until the reign of Tiberius.
In 58 BC, the island of Cyprus was added, which the Romans had taken from the king of Egypt. This was the extent of the Roman province of Cilicia when Cicero was proconsul of Cilicia in 51-50 BC. The Romans had by now divided it into eight Conventus (or Fora): the Conventus of Tarsus, where the governor resided; the Forum of Iconium for Lycaonia; the Forum Isauricum, possibly at Philornelium; the Forum Pamphylium, the place of which is unknown; the Forum Cibyraticum, at Laodicea on the Lycus; the Forum of Apamea; the Forum of Synnada; and Cyprus.
Provincial changes (47 BC – 14 AD).
The province was reorganized by Julius Caesar in 47 BC. The Forum (or Conventus) of Cibyra was attached to the province of Asia, together with the greater part of Pisidia, Pamphylia, as well as possibly the Conventus of Apamea and Synnada. Further changes were made by Marcus Antonius in 36 BC, when he gave Cyprus and Cilicia Aspera to Cleopatra VII, and eastern Phrygia with Lycaonia, Isauria, and Pisidia, to king Amyntas of Galatia.
In 27 BC, the Roman emperor Augustus made further changes, reducing the province of Cilicia still further. Cyprus was made a separate province; and Pamphylia with Isauria and Pisidia, after the death of Amyntas in 25 BC, was also made a separate province (the province of Galatia), to which Lycaonia was also attached. The result was that Cilicia was reduced to the original parts Campestris and Aspera, and renamed Syria-Cilicia Phoenice. Under Augustus, Cilicia was an imperial province, administered by a consular "Legatus Augusti pro praetore".
As per the late Republican and early imperial methods of provincial rule, the western mountainous parts of Cilicia, which were not easy for a governor to manage, were left to the native princes. There were a total of three of these independent native dynasties. One was that of Olba, in the mountains between Soli and Cyinda, ruled by priest-dynasts. A second was Cilicia Aspera, which Marc Antony had originally given to Cleopatra. Augustus placed this territory under the rule of king Archelaus of Cappadocia in 25 BC. The son of Tarcondimotos in eastern Cilicia had lost his throne in 30 BC because of his father's unwavering support of Mark Antony, but the kingdom was restored in 20 BC; it was to last another 37 years before Tiberius annexed the territory.
Under the Principate (14 – 297 AD).
In 72 AD, during the reign of Vespasian, all three remaining independent kingdoms established by Augustus were disestablished, and merged with the imperial province of Cilicia. By the reign of Caracalla, the proconsular governor was named as a Consularis, and it contained 47 known cities.
Under the late empire (297 – c.700 AD).
Sometime during the rule of the Diocletian and the Tetrarchy (probably around 297 AD), Cilicia was divided into three parts: Cilicia Prima, under a "consularis", with its capital at Tarsus; Cilicia Secunda, under a "praeses", with its capital at Anazarbus; and Isauria (originally Cilicia Aspera), under a "praeses", with its capital at Seleucia. All three provinces, plus the Syrian, Mesopotamian, Egyptian and Libyan provinces, formed the Diocese of the East (in the late 4th century the African component was split off as Diocese of Egypt), part of the praetorian prefecture of the East, the rich bulk of the eastern Roman Empire.
Cilicia proper remained under East Roman (Byzantine) control until the early 8th century, when it was conquered by the Umayyad Caliphate and became art of the Islamic borderlands ("Thughur") with Byzantium. The region had, however, been almost completely depopulated already since the middle of the 7th century and formed a no man's land between Byzantium and the Caliphate. The western parts of the old province of Cilicia remained in Byzantine hands and became part of the Cibyrrhaeot Theme.
Episcopal sees.
Ancient episcopal sees of the Roman province of Cilicia I listed in the "Annuario Pontificio" as titular sees:
Ancient episcopal sees of the Roman province of Cilicia II listed in the "Annuario Pontificio" as titular sees:

</doc>
<doc id="21475424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475424" title="Harry Sidney Nichols">
Harry Sidney Nichols

Harry Sidney Nichols (died 1939) was born in Leeds, Yorkshire, son of a "Glass Merchant". He was an antiquarian book dealer, but he made his fortune as a Sheffield publisher and printer of high-end erotica in partnership with Leonard Smithers which included such works as Sir Richard Francis Burton's translation of the "Book of One Thousand and One Nights". In 1888 they formed the "Erotika Biblion Society", for which Smithers acted as printer. Under threat of arrest under strict Victorian pornography laws, Nichols went into exile in Paris from 1900 to 1908, publishing by mail-order to England. In 1908 Nichols, being threatened with extradition, migrated to New York City. His mistress, "Dolly", pregnant with twin daughters, Aimee and Marcia, followed him shortly. Nichols continued to publish erotica until 1939, when he was committed to Bellevue Mental Hospital, where he died soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="21475429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475429" title="Dąb (disambiguation)">
Dąb (disambiguation)

Dąb (meaning "oak" in Polish) is a district of Katowice in southern Poland.
Dąb may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="21475445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475445" title="Henry McDevitt">
Henry McDevitt

Henry Aloysius McDevitt (1904 – 4 January 1966) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and barrister. He was elected, at his second attempt, to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal East constituency at the 1938 general election. He did not contest the 1943 general election.
McDevitt's grandson is Mark Reckless, Conservative MP for Rochester and Strood, first elected in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21475450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475450" title="Santiago-Comaina Reserved Zone">
Santiago-Comaina Reserved Zone

The Santiago-Comaina Reserved Zone () is a protected area in Peru located in the Amazonas Region, Condorcanqui Province.

</doc>
<doc id="21475453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475453" title="White Birches">
White Birches

White Birches is a residential area geographically located in the northern end of the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York. Its boundaries are Stratton Hills on the north, the Hutchinson River Parkway on the south, Maplewood on the west, and Quaker Ridge on the east. White Birches is within the larger Wykagyl sub-section of New Rochelle, served by the 10804 zip-code. 
The United States Board on Geographic Names recognizes White Birches as the official common name for the neighborhood, which it defines as a populated place existing within the incorporated City of New Rochelle.

</doc>
<doc id="21475458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475458" title="DZBN">
DZBN

DZBN is the callsign for two radio stations in the Philippines:

</doc>
<doc id="21475483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475483" title="Peter the Lame">
Peter the Lame

Peter VI the Lame () was Prince of Moldavia from June 1574 to 23 November 1577. He also ruled 1 January 1578 to 21 November 1579 and 17 October 1583 to 29 August 1591. He was known as "the Lame" due to a physical deformity. Raised by the Turks in Istanbul and hardly knew of his country of origin before gaining the throne of Moldavia.
Voivode of Moldavia.
Anxious to rule like his brother Alexandru II Mircea, Petru was elected prince of Moldavia in 1574. However, unlike most of his ancestors, he was a weak prince and eventually gave up the throne in order to live comfortably in the west.
Family life.
His first marriage to Maria Amirali was arranged in childhood, and failed. Petru soon fell in love with a gypsy named Irina who became his mistress since marriage to a gypsy was impossible. He had Irina freed from slavery and baptized, hence her nickname "Botezata" (the Baptized). After he gave up the throne, together they moved to the city of Bolzano in present day Italy's Tyrol. Sadly for Irina, Peter fell in love "again" with a seductive Circassian lady named Maria, a lady-in-waiting at his mini-court. The gypsy died presumably of a broken heart at 25 and was buried in a small cemetery in Bolzano. Their son Ștefăniță never ruled in Moldavia. He was raised as a Catholic and placed in a Jesuit seminary in Innsbruck. He was known to be an obedient student, but died of tuberculosis in 1585. He is buried beside his parents in Bolzano.
Death.
Two years after the death of Irina, Peter died of syphilis. He is laid to rest beside her and on his tombstone is the inscription: "I, Prince Peter, descendant of the royal Corvinus family of Wallachia...who abandoned the throne of my own will, having obtained asylum from the House of Austria, my last on July 1, 1594."

</doc>
<doc id="21475491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475491" title="Magdalo (Katipunan faction)">
Magdalo (Katipunan faction)

The Magdalo faction of the "Katipunan" was a chapter in Cavite, mostly led by "ilustrados" of that province.
It was named after Mary Magdalene. It was officially led by Baldomero Aguinaldo, but his cousin Emilio Aguinaldo (whose own "Katipunan" codename was "Magdalo") was its most famous leader.
The "Magdalo" had a rivalry with the other "Katipunan" chapter in Cavite, the "Magdiwang". When the Manila-based "Katipunan" leader Andres Bonifacio went to Cavite to meditate between them, the "Magdalo" argued for the replacement of the "Katipunan" by a revolutionary government. The Magdiwang initially backed Bonifacio's stance that the Katipunan already served as their government, but at the Tejeros Convention, both factions were combined into to one government body under Emilio Aguinaldo.
The majority, if not all, of the civil and military officials of the First Philippine Republic came from this group.

</doc>
<doc id="21475505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475505" title="Thracia">
Thracia

Thracia (, "Thrakē"; formally ) was the name of a province of the Roman Empire. It was established in AD 46, when the former Roman client state of Thrace was annexed by order of emperor Claudius (ruled 41-54).
Under the Principate.
The Odrysian kingdom of Thrace became a Roman client kingdom c. 20 BC, while the Greek city-states on the Black Sea coast came under Roman control, first as "civitates foederatae" ("allied" cities with internal autonomy). After the death of the Thracian king Rhoemetalces III in 46 AD and an unsuccessful anti-Roman revolt, the kingdom was annexed as the Roman province of Thracia.
The new province encompassed not only the lands of the former Odrysian realm, but also the north-eastern portion of the province of Macedonia as well as the islands of Thasos, Samothrace and Imbros in the Aegean Sea. To the north, Thracia bordered the province of Moesia Inferior; initially, the provincial boundary ran at a line north of the Haeumus Mountains, including the cities of Nicopolis ad Istrum and Marcianopolis in Thracia, but by the end of the 2nd century AD the border had moved south along the Haemus. The area of the Thracian Chersonese (modern Gallipoli Peninsula) was excluded from its governor's purview and administered as part of the emperor's personal domains. The province's first capital, where the Roman governor resided, was Heraclea Perinthus. Thracia was an imperial province, headed initially by a "procurator", and, after c. 107/109, by a "legatus Augusti pro praetore". Otherwise, the internal structure of the old Thracian kingdom was retained and only gradually superseded by Roman institutions. The old tribal-based "strategiai" ("generalcies"), headed by a "strategos" ("general"), were retained as the main administrative divisions, but some villages were grouped together into "kōmarchiai" ("village headships") or subordinated to neighbouring cities (the two Roman colonies of "colonia Claudia Aprensis" and "colonia Flavia Pacis Deueltensium" and several Greek cities, many of whom were founded by Trajan), which were set apart. In the mid-1st century, the "strategiai" numbered fifty, but the progressive expansion of the cities and the land assigned to them reduced their number: by the early 2nd century, they had decreased to fourteen, and c. 136 they were abolished altogether as official administrative divisions.
As it was an interior province, far from the borders of the Empire, Thrace remained peaceful and prosperous until the Crisis of the Third Century, when it was repeatedly raided by Goths from beyond the Danube. During the campaigns to confront these raiders, Emperor Decius (r. 249–251) fell in the Battle of Abritus in 251. Thracia suffered especially heavily in the great Gothic seaborne raids of 268–270, and it was not until 271 that Emperor Aurelian (r. 270–275) was able to secure the Balkan provinces against Gothic raids for some time to come.
Late Antiquity.
Under the administrative reforms of Diocletian (r. 284–305), Thracia's territory was divided into four smaller provinces: "Thracia", "Haemimontus", "Rhodope" and "Europa". The new province of Thracia comprised the northwestern portion of the old province, i.e. the upper valley of the Hebrus river between Haemus and Rhodope and including Philippopolis, which had become the provincial capital in the early 3rd century. It was headed by a governor with the rank of "consularis". The four Thracian provinces, along with the two provinces of Moesia Inferior, were grouped into the diocese of Thraciae, which in turn was part of the Prefecture of the East. Militarily, the entire region was under the control of the "magister militum per Thracias".
Episcopal sees.
Ancient episcopal sees of the Roman province of Thracia listed in the "Annuario Pontificio" as titular sees:

</doc>
<doc id="21475534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475534" title="Mustard Bath (film)">
Mustard Bath (film)

Mustard Bath is a 1993 Canadian film written and directed by Darrell Wasyk.
Plot.
Matthew, a young medical student from Toronto, Ontario, returns to his birthplace in Guyana on receiving a letter from his mother three months after her death. Prompted by his surroundings to sort through the idealized memories of his childhood, Matthew reaches the horrifying realization that he has returned to a world which he was never a part of. Contemporary Guyanese reality highlights the white colonialist privilege his family had enjoyed.
Retroactively homeless and nostalgically orphaned, he throws himself into his work at an underfunded and under equipped Georgetown hospital, developing a fatherly devotion to Dexter, a young orphaned boy housed at the local orphanage. Matthew spends endless nights with a ghostly old Hungarian woman who stumbles about the hallways of his hotel, spying on him with longing. She offers Matthew the comfort he has been seeking in the memories of his mother, seducing him with cigarettes and warm rum, and terrifying stories of being captured and raped by soldiers of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. Slowly, even these marginal connections to reality disintegrated, and Matthew finds himself utterly alone.
Production.
"Mustard Bath" was filmed in Guyana, South America. 
Much of the movie’s soundtrack is credited to Eddy Grant, and features the Mighty Sparrow’s hit "No Money for Love".
Performance.
Michael Riley offers a wonderfully nuanced performance as the seething Matthew, brimming with bold and brooding physicality while Martha Henry cuts through the tropical heat with her chilling portrayal of Matthew’s aging paramour.
Awards.
Martha Henry won a Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Grace at the 15th Genie Awards and at WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival the film won a Gold Prize for the Best Dramatic Feature Film.

</doc>
<doc id="21475544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475544" title="MCI Management Center Innsbruck">
MCI Management Center Innsbruck

MCI Management Center Innsbruck is an educational institution in Austria offering study programs leading to Bachelor and Master degrees as well as Executive Master programs (MBA, MSc, LL.M.), Executive Certificate programs, Management seminars, Customized programs and research.
History and Organisation.
The Management Center Innsbruck (MCI) was founded in 1995/96 as a university center in private law owned largely by public bodies. The funding structure is as follows:
The work of the MCI is additionally supported by a circle of sponsors comprising companies in a variety of industries.
The MCI has accreditation to provide university of applied science study programs pursuant to Art. 2 of the Austrian University of Applied Sciences Studies Act. It is neither a university in public law, a private university nor a university of applied sciences.
Campus & Student Life.
MCI is located in the center of Innsbruck offering 5 different campuses:
Being part of the Open University Innsbruck concept, MCI and the Innsbruck University share infrastructure like lecture rooms, laboratories, sports facilities and cafeterias.
A co-operation agreement with the University of Innsbruck gives MCI students access to student services provided by Innsbruck University’s like for example libraries, sports facilities, etc.
Bachelor & Master programs.
The consecutive Bachelor and Master programs are university of applied science study programs. Between the beginning of the 2005 winter semester and the 2009 winter semester, all MCI study programs were reorganized on the Bachelor/Master model as defined in the European Bologna Process. Students at the MCI can also take advantage of the option to spend a semester at one its 150 partner universities around the world.
"**The full-time Master study programs are specially organized to enable students to remain in employment during their studies to a certain extent.
"***Entirely in English."
Executive Education.
Executive Master programs.
MCI’s postgraduate Executive Master programs are being offered within the framework of the Austrian University Law and are additionally accredited by the Foundation for International Business Administration Accreditation (FIBAA).
MCI’s LL.M.-program "International Business & Tax Law" is offered as a dual-degree study program in co-operation with the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management (FSFM). It is evenly split between the locations of Innsbruck and Frankfurt/Main and provides the students with the opportunity to acquire the degrees of MCI and FSFM.
Executive Certificate Courses.
Credits obtained for an Executive Certificate program are recognized for the above postgraduate Master study programs. Students who complete specific combinations of several certificate programs and write a final thesis to an appropriate academic standard (Master thesis) can be admitted to the academic degree of an MBA, MSc or LL.M.
The MCI also offers about thirty intensive seminars on various subjects such as management, leadership, law and communication. The MCI’s study program and training course offering is also available to companies and organizations requiring tailored in-service training courses throughout the German-speaking world.
Partner universities.
The MCI collaborates with about 200 partner universities, where students can spend one or more semesters of their study program.
Awards & Rankings.
Industriemagazin ranking 2014: The 2014 ranking published by “Industriemagazin” again confirms the high standards of quality at the Entrepreneurial School®.
The commitment to quality at MCI Management Center Innsbruck has once more received powerful confirmation. With an impressive score of 2.53, the Entrepreneurial School® is one of the best of the Austrian universities assessed in the ranking recently published by the Austrian “Industriemagazin”.
Universum Student Survey 2013: The students of MCI Management Center Innsbruck are again among the most satisfied in Austria. That is shown by the recently unveiled 2013 Universum Student Survey, which is based on a representative poll of about 5,000 students of economics, engineering and natural sciences at 25 Austrian universities. 
In addition to the general level of satisfaction with the university, the ranking also focuses on such criteria as the quality of the teaching, faculty, student support and services, practical relevance of the programs, industry contacts, careers potential, international orientation, opportunities for study abroad, reputation and other aspects of importance for students.”.
CHE Hochschulranking
The latest university ranking by the international center for higher education CHE reveals excellent results for Management Center Innsbruck: its quality-oriented biotechnology, mechatronics and process engineering study programs achieved 23 rankings in the top group. With the excellent grade of 1.4 for its overall academic environment MCI's biotechnology study program takes first place in Austria.
FIBAA's Premium Seal 
The Foundation for International Business Administration Accreditation (FIBAA) has awarded its Premium Seal to the MCI’s Executive Master study programs
Registered as a non-profit foundation under Swiss law and headquartered in Bonn, FIBAA operates as a European accreditation agency offering additional national accreditation. FIBAA awards its Premium Seal exclusively to degree programs with an outstanding standard of excellence that is far in excess of normal accreditation requirements.
Universum Student Survey 2012
In the 2012 Universum Student Survey, MCI students gave excellent scores for the outstanding quality of the teaching, the high standing of the university, the practical relevance of the study programs and the full offering of student services. The ranking is based on a student assessment of quality relating to such criteria as teaching, faculty, support, service, practical relevance, industry contacts, careers potential, international orientation, opportunities for study abroad, reputation and other important aspects. About 5,500 students at Austrian universities were polled on their university experiences and career preferences and expectations.
ECTS-Label
The European Commission awarded MCI the ECTS—Label.

</doc>
<doc id="21475602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475602" title="Magdalo (mutineers)">
Magdalo (mutineers)

The Magdalo were the group of dissident soldiers who staged the unsuccessful Oakwood mutiny. Made up of junior officers of all branches of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, they took over the Oakwood Premier Ayala Center in Makati and demanded the resignation of senior officers in the AFP and members of the Arroyo government, including the President herself. The group called themselves "Bagong Katipuneros" (Filipino, "The New Katipuneros"), however, the local press continues calling them the "Magdalo" group.
On August 30, 2007, the Philippine National Police went on alert against an alleged "Magdalo" recruitment try in Bicol, targeting the Army's 9th Infantry Division. The effort is allegedly related to destabilization efforts for the forthcoming promulgation by the Sandiganbayan on the plunder case of former President Joseph Estrada.
"Pulutan": From the Soldiers’ Kitchen.
“"Pulutan: From the Soldiers’ Kitchen"” was released in 2007 (authored by Navy Ensigns Elmer D. Cruz and Emerson R. Rosales who graduated from the Philippine Military Academy in 2000). Its featured recipe is “"Calamares a la Trillanes",” created by Antonio Trillanes IV, and rated “"five mugs of beer,”" or an A-1 dish, while the rare and exotic dish, “"Kinilaw na Tamilok (woodworm)",” is an aphrodisiac in Palawan (tamilok is a woodworm that feeds on mangrove wood). Ellen Tordesillas and Yvonne Chua edited the book published by Anvil.
"Samahang Magdalo".
The Samahang Magdalo is a civilian volunteer group launched by the "Magdalo" group in 2008. The group uses social networking websites such as Friendster and Facebook to recruit supporters across the Philippines.
2010 Philippine elections.
Although not an official political party, most of the Magdalo members support Manny Villar, Presidential standard-bearer of the Nacionalista Party and Senator Manuel Roxas II, Vice-Presidential candidate of the Liberal Party. However, the group’s support for Villar's presidency runs counter to Brig. General Danilo Lim, who had been adopted and supported by the Liberal Party, which is fielding Roxas and Senator Benigno Aquino III.

</doc>
<doc id="21475629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475629" title="DZRB">
DZRB

DZRB is a call sign assigned to two radio stations in the Philippines

</doc>
<doc id="21475653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475653" title="Chet Orloff">
Chet Orloff

Chester Lloyd "Chet" Orloff (born February 22, 1949) is a historian, writer and professor in Portland, Oregon, called "one of [Oregon's] favorite history teachers" by "The Oregonian".
Early life.
Orloff was born in Bellingham, Washington to business financier Monford Orloff and Janice Diamond Orloff, and raised in Washington and Portland, Oregon. His brother is physicist Jon Orloff. Orloff attended Lincoln High School, went to Boston University to prepare for law school, then transferred to the University of Oregon where he ran under legendary track coach Bill Bowerman. Orloff studied anthropology at University of Oregon, graduating in 1972 with a degree in archaeology. Orloff later received a masters degree in history and historical agency administration from Portland State University.
Career.
Orloff enlisted in the Peace Corps and lived and taught in Afghanistan with his wife until 1975. They returned to Portland where he interned at the Oregon Historical Society (OHS), then became assistant director from 1982 to 1986. In 1987 he left OHS and founded the Ninth Judicial Circuit Historical Society in Pasadena, California. In 1991, he returned to OHS as executive director, succeeding Bill Tramposch. He held this position for ten years, retiring at the end of 2000. Orloff was the founder and editor of the journal "Western Legal History" and was the Senior Editor of the "Oregon Historical Quarterly".
In 2001, Orloff assembled a Columbia River maritime museum in a concourse at the Portland International Airport. It was "98 percent complete" as of the September 11 attacks, which limited visitors to ticketed passengers.
Orloff is an adjunct professor of Urban Studies and Planning at Portland State University and an instructor at the University of Oregon School of Architecture. He is also principal of Oregon History Works, a consulting firm for historical applications in design and development, president of Museum of the City and has served on the Portland Planning Commission, Portland Landmarks Commission, Regional Arts and Culture Counsel, Portland Parks Board, Center City 2035 Plan Committee, (co-chair), and other various assignments.
Personal life.
Orloff lives in the Willamette Heights area of Portland. He is vocal about Portland history and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="21475665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475665" title="Hoàng Hồng Cẩm">
Hoàng Hồng Cẩm

Hoàng Hồng Cẩm (b. 1959 in Hanoi), is a Vietnamese painter. He has exhibited solo paintings in many countries, and continues to paint. he is the son of painter Hoàng Lập Ngôn. 
Cam graduated from Hanoi Industrial Fine Arts College in 1983. He is a member of the Hanoi Fine Arts Association and the Vietnam Fine Arts Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21475673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475673" title="Patelco Credit Union">
Patelco Credit Union

Patelco Credit Union is a community credit union that encompasses most of Northern California, particularly the San Francisco Bay Area. Founded in 1936, it is one of the oldest and largest credit unions in the country. With more than $4 billion in assets, it is the 26th largest credit union in the country and the 6th largest in California. 
History.
Patelco Credit Union, once served an organization formally known as Pacific Telephone & Telegraph Company. However, in 1983 they opened its doors to the public and now operates approximately 40 branches in Northern California and one in the Chicago area. It provides services in the form of deposits, lending, and insurance and more recently has diversified to offer investment banking.

</doc>
<doc id="21475695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475695" title="Ruth Jên">
Ruth Jên

Ruth Jên (1964) is a Welsh artist, working in the old shoe shop in the village of Tal-y-bont, Ceredigion.
Biography.
Born Ruth Jên Evans at Cefn Llwyd, she studied on an Art Foundation Course 
at Carmarthen before completing a degree in fine art in Cardiff (1983–1987), specialising in printmaking. She returned to Aberystwyth having completed her studies, and worked for Yr Academi Gymreig, and doing book cover illustration work on a freelance basis for the local publishers, Y Lolfa. She painted the first mural in Tal-y-bont in 1991.
Ruth Jên's illustration work is often in mixed media, combining painting, collage and printmaking techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="21475701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475701" title="Battle of Fombio">
Battle of Fombio

The Battle of Fombio was fought between the French Army of Italy led by Napoleon Bonaparte and the Austrian army under "Feldzeugmeister" Johann Peter Beaulieu between 7 and 9 May 1796. It was the decisive strategic point of the campaign, as Bonaparte crossed the Po River at Piacenza in Beaulieu's rear, threatening both Milan and the Austrian line of communications. This threat forced the Austrian army to withdraw to the east.
Campaign.
After forcing the Kingdom of Sardinia-Piedmont to sue for peace at the end of the Montenotte Campaign, Bonaparte turned on the Austrians, who retreated to the north bank of the Po. The French army commander ordered General of Division Jean-Mathieu-Philibert Sérurier to launch a pinning attack on Beaulieu's positions near Valenza. Forming an advance guard of 3,500 grenadiers and 1,500 cavalry, Bonaparte placed it under General of Brigade Claude Dallemagne. Then he sent Dallemagne on a rapid march to the east along the south bank of the Po. The advance guard was followed by General of Division Amédée Emmanuel François Laharpe's division. Bonaparte intended to turn the Austrian left flank by crossing the Po near Piacenza.
Battle.
Early on 7 May, the advance guard seized a ferry near Piacenza and quickly crossed the river, Colonel Jean Lannes being the first Frenchman on the north bank. Soon both Dallemagne and Laharpe's commands formed a bridgehead on the north bank. "General-major" Anton Lipthay de Kisfalud's forces, which numbered 4,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry, soon detected the French and several clashes occurred during the day. When Beaulieu heard about the incursion, he ordered "General-major" Josef Philipp Vukassovich to march from Valeggio to Lipthay's support and ordered his army to pull back in the direction of the Adda River. Meanwhile, General of Division Pierre Augereau got his 7,000 soldiers across the Po farther west by using a captured barge.
On the morning of 8 May, Dallemagne's advance guard, supported by Laharpe's 6,500-strong division, assaulted the village of Fombio. Colonels Lannes and François Lanusse led the advance guard's left and center columns while Dallemagne personally commanded the right column. At first Lipthay resisted stoutly, using his hussars to counterattack, but he decided to withdraw to avoid being trapped by the flanking columns. His Austrian and Neapolitan cavalry covered the retreat to Codogno. The French attacked Lipthay again in Codogno and the Austrians had to fight their way back to Pizzighettone, where there was a bridge over the Adda River. Lipthay's losses numbered 568 men on 7–8 May. According to one report, the French suffered 150 killed and 300 wounded in the first volley.
That evening, as Laharpe's 51st Line Infantry Demi-Brigade marched through Codogno, "General-Major" Anton Schübirz von Chobinin, with 1,000 foot soldiers and 580 uhlans attacked the town from the west. In one confused clash in the dark streets, Laharpe was killed, possibly by friendly fire. Bonaparte's chief of staff, General of Brigade Louis Berthier took charge and rushed two more demi-brigades into the fight before Schübirz withdrew about dawn on the 9th. Cut off from the bridge over the Adda at Pizzighettone, Beaulieu directed his retreating units to make for the bridge at Lodi, farther north. The Battle of Lodi followed on 10 May as Beaulieu tried to get his army safely behind the Adda and Bonaparte attempted to head him off.

</doc>
<doc id="21475702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475702" title="Whatsonstage.com Awards">
Whatsonstage.com Awards

The WhatsOnStage Awards, or alternatively, the WhatsOnStage "theatregoers' choice" prizes, formerly known as the Theatregoers' Choice Awards, are organised by the theatre website "WhatsOnStage.com" and recognise performers and productions of British theatre with emphasis on London's West End.
Nominations and eventual winners are selected by the theatre-going public's vote. The awards are held each February. In 2012, they were staged at the West End's Prince of Wales Theatre.
History.
In early 2001, WhatsOnStage.com published the shortlists for that year’s Laurence Olivier Awards and invited site visitors to vote online for who they thought should win. In a fortnight, 5,000 people took part – and their results differed wildly from the Olivier judges. For the 2002 Awards, the editors compiled their own shortlists and in 2003, they held their first Launch Party to announce the shortlists to about 200 industry guests. The first Awards Concert and ceremony was introduced for the 2008 Awards.
Judging.
Each year, the Awards shortlists are drawn up with the help of thousands of theatregoers who log on to nominate their favourites across all 20+ awards categories. Nominations are announced at a star-studded launch event held in early December. Voting then opens and runs until the end of January the following year. In 2012/13, over 60,000 theatregoers logged on to vote, with leaders in many categories fluctuating dramatically from day to day.
All professional productions that opened in London between 1 December and 30 November are eligible for primary awards consideration. There are a few special categories. Best Takeover in a Role recognises new performers in longer-running productions, while Best Regional Production casts the net beyond the capital. Non-West End productions are eligible for nomination across all fields, there is also a category specifically for Best Off-West End Production. The ever-popular Theatrical Event of the Year award category is more wide-ranging and largely subject to theatregoers' interpretation.
Ceremony.
Presenters.
Previous presenters of the WhatsOnStage Awards include James Corden, Sheridan Smith, Christopher Biggins, Mel Giedroyc, Miranda Hart, Alan Davies, Jenny Eclair and Rufus Hound.
Performances.
Over the years, guest presenters and performers at the Launch Party have included Graham Norton, Elaine Paige, Michael Ball, Lesley Garrett, Ryan Molloy, James Earl Jones, Jools Holland, Patina Miller, Julian Clary, Jeremy Irons, Simon Russell Beale, Bertie Carvel and Meera Syal.
West End stars who have performed at the Awards Concerts at the Prince of Wales have included Alfie Boe, Sally Ann Triplett, Ryan Molloy, Jodie Prenger, Hannah Waddingham, Leanne Jones, Jill Halfpenny, Hadley Fraser, Ramin Karimloo, Rosemary Ashe, Nancy Sullivan, Samantha Barks, Sarah Lark, Kim Criswell, Siobhan McCarthy, Julie Atherton, Suranne Jones, Elena Roger, Sean Palmer, Clare Foster, Hannah Waddingham, Dean Chisnall, Brian May, Kerry Ellis, Tim Minchin and Melanie C.
The Concert is produced by Stuart Piper, on behalf of WhatsOnStage.
Venues.
The inaugural Launch Party was held at The Venue, before moving to the Dominion Theatre in 2004, Planet Hollywood in 2005 and 2006, and Café de Paris, where it has been every year since with the exception of the 2009 Awards, when it was held at the London Hippodrome as part of their campaign to save the venue as a performance space.
The first Awards Concert and ceremony was introduced for the 2008 Awards and was held at the 960-seat Lyric Theatre. The Concert moved to the 1,100-seat Prince of Wales Theatre for the 2009 Awards and was a sell-out for four straight years - 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012. The concert moved to the Palace Theatre for the 2013 awards but returned to the Prince of Wales Theatre for 2014.
Award categories.
Performance categories
Production categories
Special categories
Recent winners.
2008
2009 
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="21475710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475710" title="Georgene Faulkner">
Georgene Faulkner

Georgene Faulkner (1873 – 1958) was a prominent American children's book author and storyteller of the early twentieth century. In her career, she was known as (and promoted as) "the Story Lady."
A native Chicagoan, she attended the School of Education of the University of Chicago, then at the forefront of educational reform. When her sister Elizabeth Faulkner started the Faulkner School for Girls in 1909, Georgene was in charge of the kindergarten. She was an accomplished storyteller; she dressed up as Mrs. Santa Claus to tell Christmas stories to children. She also practiced her craft with adult audiences: she traveled to Europe to entertain American troops during World War I.
Starting in 1922, Georgene Faulkner began broadcasting on Chicago radio stations; on stations WMAQ and WGN she had programs titled "The Story Lady" and "Air Castle." She also wrote on children's topics for the Chicago Tribune.
Over the space of four decades she wrote or edited a range of children's books. Several of her works were illustrated by Frederick Richardson. In the final phase of her career she addressed the problem of racial prejudice, in the books "Melindy's Medal" (with John Becker, 1945) and "Melindy's Happy Summer" (1949).

</doc>
<doc id="21475733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475733" title="Gilbert Ironside the elder">
Gilbert Ironside the elder

Gilbert Ironside (1588–1671) was bishop of Bristol. He is referred to as the elder to distinguish him
from his son, Gilbert Ironside the younger.
Life.
He was elder son of Ralph Ironside, rector of Long Bredy and of Winterbourne Abbas and was born at Hawkesbury, near Sodbury, Gloucestershire, on 25 November 1588. The second son, Ralph (1590–1683) became rector of Long Bredy in succession to his father, who died in 1629.
Gilbert Ironside matriculated at Trinity College, Oxford, 22 June 1604, and became scholar of his college 28 May 1605, B.A. 1608, M.A. 1612, B.D. 1619, and D.D. 1620, and Fellow of Trinity 1613. In 1618 he was presented to the rectory of Winterbourne Steepleton, Dorset, by Sir Robert Miller. In 1629 he succeeded his father in the benefice of Winterbourne Abbas. He was also rector of Yeovilton in Somerset. Anthony à Wood says that he kept his preferments during the protectorate, but this is doubtful.
Either by marriage or other means he amassed a large fortune before the Restoration. On 13 October 1660 he was appointed to a prebendal stall in York Minster, but resigned the post next year, when on 13 January 1661 he was consecrated bishop of Bristol. As a man of wealth he was considered fitted to maintain the dignity of the episcopate with the reduced revenues of the see.
At Bristol Ironside showed forbearance to nonconforming ministers. Edmund Calamy gives particulars of a long conference between him and John Westley, grandfather of John Wesley. Ironside died on 19 September 1671, and was buried in his cathedral without any memorial, near the steps of the bishop's throne.
Works.
He was the author of "Seven Questions of the Sabbath briefly disputed", Oxford, 1637
Family.
He married (1) Elizabeth, daughter of Edward Frenchman of East Compton, Dorsetshire, and (2) Alice, daughter of William Glisson of Marnhull, Dorsetshire. By his first wife he was father of four sons, of whom Gilbert Ironside the younger was the third.

</doc>
<doc id="21475739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475739" title="Peak gold">
Peak gold

Peak gold is the date at which the maximum rate of global gold extraction is reached, after which the rate of production enters declines. The term derives from the Hubbert peak of a resource. Unlike petroleum, which is destroyed in use, gold can be reused and recycled.
Supply and demand.
World gold demand (defined in terms of total consumption excluding central banks) in 2007 was 3,519 tonnes. Gold demand is subdivided into central bank reserve increases, jewellery production, industrial consumption (including dental), and investment (bars, coins, exchange-traded funds, etc.)
The supply of gold is provided by mining, official sales (typically gold by central banks), de-hedging (Physical delivery of metal sold months before by mining companies on terminal markets) and old gold scraps and total world supply in 2007 was 3,497 tonnes. Gold production (mining) does not need to make up for gold demand because gold is a reusable resource. Currently, yearly gold mining produces 2% of the existing above-ground gold which is 158,000 tonnes (as of 2006). In 2008, gold mining produced 2,400 tonnes of gold, official gold sales close to 300 tonnes, and dehedging (Physical delivery of metal sold months before by mining companies on terminal markets) close to 500 tonnes.
Timing of peak production.
In 2009, Barrick CEO Aaron Regent claimed that global production had peaked in 2000. Barrick's production costs have been "trending down" despite this peak, reaching $465 per ounce.
In 2006, with gold at $650 per ounce, Roland Watson claimed that gold production had peaked in 2001 due to falling exploration in the 1990s, when gold prices were low. He predicted that higher prices and new technologies would boost gold production to higher levels in the future.
In 2010, mined gold production was 2,689 tonnes. This surpasses the previous record of 2,649 tonnes produced in 2001.
In 2011, mined gold production was 2,660 tonnes. 
In 2012, mined gold production was 2,700 tonnes.
On July 2012, Natural Resource Holdings CEO Roy Sebag wrote a report entitled "2012 World Gold Deposit Ranking" claiming that gold production would peak between 2022-2025 due to the markedly lower grades and remote locations of the remaining known undeveloped deposits. "Consequently, the guaranteed depletion in the existing production mix coupled with a more realistic introduction of new mines into the mix (as opposed to our theoretical 
tomorrow scenario) makes it clear that barring multiple high-grade, multi-million ounce 
discoveries each year, a significant increase in gold production is unlikely. Moreover our 
calculations point towards gold production peaking at some point 
between 2022 and 2025 assuming the 90mm ounce per year figure is maintained."

</doc>
<doc id="21475759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475759" title="Evora Tambacounda 2004">
Evora Tambacounda 2004

Évora Tambacounda 2004 was an overland expedition starting in Évora, Portugal and ending in Tambacounda, Senegal. the trip with more than 13000 km took 32 days round-trip through Portugal, Spain, Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Senegal, Gambia.
With a main support sponsorship from Évora City Council (Câmara Municipal de Évora), Diário do Sul, Praxis Clube and University of Évora the trip was possible to unite several countries where cultural exchange and social relationship already come from ancient time.
Sponsors.
Praxis Clube-Évora,
Diário do Sul,
Serviços de Acção Social da Universidade de Évora,
Rádio Telefonia do Alentejo,
JB Photo,
Câmara Municipal de Évora,
O Pierrot Artesanato Regional,
Associação de Estudantes da Universidade de Évora,
Bar Marginália-Portimão,
Bar Aldebaran-Zaragoza-Espanha,
Visão Periférica-Portimão,
Orlando Conceição Automoveis-St. Iria Azoia,
Clube Trilhos do Alentejo,
Virtual Tourist-Real Travelers,
João Leitão sarl - Publicité, Tourisme et Logistique,
Autopress.
Participants.
Four participants coming from Portugal and Spain participated in this project: Xana Coelho, Patricia Porras de las Heras, Eric Gonçalves and João Leitão.
Vehicle.
Opel Corsa 12v 1.0 2000

</doc>
<doc id="21475760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475760" title="Premiolino">
Premiolino

The Premiolino is the oldest
and one of the most important
Italian journalism award. It is made annually to six journalists from print media and television for their career achievements and their contributions to the freedom of the press.
History.
The prize was founded in Milan in 1960 by a group of special correspondents including Gaetano Tumiati, Orio Vergani, Paolo Monelli, Luigi Barzini, Jr., Indro Montanelli, Enrico Emanuelle, and Enzo Biagi, the jury chairman.
The first year the prize was sponsored by Reader's Digest, but replaced the following year by Bassetti.
In 1961 the prize took its present name, which involves a play on words. ‘Premiolino’ can be translated as ‘Little Prize’ (or ‘Prizelet’), the diminutive suffix ‘lino’ intended to convey the award’s unpretentious nature; but ‘lino’ also means ‘linen’ and refers to the sponsor’s household linen range. The value of the prize was 200,000 lire, a remarkable sum when the prize was founded, but one whichremained unchanged for nearly two decades despite inflation. Initially, the prize was awarded to the "Journalist of the Month" and was delivered every three months.
Bassetti remained the sponsor for 23 years, before being replaced by Parmalat in the 1980s, which established the "Journalist of the Year" and "Best Journalist of Europe" awards.
Since 2007, the prize sponsor has been Birra Moretti.
Awards.
Eleven awards were made in 1960, the first year of the Premiolino. The winners were Achille Patitucci ("Corriere della Sera"), Arturo Carlo Jemolo ("La Stampa"), Vittorio Notarnicola ("Corriere d'Informazione"), Felice Chilanti ("Paese Sera"), Eugenio Ferdinando Palmieri ("La Notte"), Giuseppe Signori ("Il Campione"), Sennuccio Benelli ("Tempo settimanale"), Mauro De Mauro ("Settimo Giorno"), Enzo Forcella ("Il Giorno"), Gianni Granzotto ("Rai tv") and Aldo Chiappelli ("L'Espresso")
Over the following half century the Premiolino has been awarded both to nationally celebrated journalists and writers, and to those less known who work on local newspapers. Among the most celebrated recipients of the prize have been Sergio Zavoli, Giorgio Bocca, Camilla Cederna, Oriana Fallaci, Alberto Moravia, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Alberto Ronchey and Roberto Saviano.
In 2009 awards were made under five categories. Roberto Saviano of "L'Espresso" received the award for journalists working on weeklies, Massimo Bordin ("Radio Radicale") for radio, Emilio Carelli (Sky Tg 24) for television, Gianni Dragoni ("Il Sole 24 Ore") and Simonetta Fiori ("La Repubblica") for the dailies, and the Italian Wikipedia under the new media category.

</doc>
<doc id="21475791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475791" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients of the SS Heavy Panzer Battalions">
List of Knight's Cross recipients of the SS Heavy Panzer Battalions

The SS Heavy Panzer Battalions were battalions of Tiger tanks and were originally intended to have been one Tiger tank Battalion for each SS Panzer Corps. The plans for the formation of the 1st SS Panzer Corps and its heavy battalion were put into effect at the end of July 1943. They were formed by expanding the three Tiger tank companies of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd SS Panzer Regiments.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="21475834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475834" title="Rob Crilly">
Rob Crilly

Rob Crilly (born London 1973) is a British/Irish freelance journalist and author. He was educated at The Judd School, Tonbridge, and read Natural Sciences at Downing College, Cambridge. 
He is currently the Pakistan correspondent for the "Daily Telegraph" having previously been East Africa correspondent for "The Times", and has also written for "The Irish Times", "The Daily Mail" and "The Christian Science Monitor". His articles have appeared in "The Scotsman", "USA Today", "News of the World", "The Sunday Times" and "The Sunday Telegraph".
In 2007 he was one of the few British journalists in Khartoum when a teacher, Gillian Gibbons, was arrested. He appeared on ITN and Sky News discussing the case. 
Since 2008 he has blogged for the Frontline Club.
He began his career as a sub-editor at the "Chester Chronicle" before joining the "Press and Journal" (Aberdeen) and then moved to "The Herald", where he was Edinburgh bureau chief. 
Rob Crilly's book "Saving Darfur: Everyone's Favourite African War", based on four years of reporting on Sudan and extensive travels through the region, was published in February 2010.
Personal.
His sister, Anna Crilly, is a comedienne and actress who stars in "Lead Balloon". 

</doc>
<doc id="21475835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475835" title="Salt marsh common yellowthroat">
Salt marsh common yellowthroat

The Salt Marsh Common Yellowthroat, ("Geothlypis trichas sinuosa"), is a subspecies of the Common Yellowthroat, a New World warbler.
The Salt Marsh Common Yellowthroat has experienced a dramatic 80% decline from the early 20th century through 1976. It is a species of concern for protection in efforts to restore Chelsea Wetlands in Hercules, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21475836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475836" title="Metro Transit rolling stock">
Metro Transit rolling stock

The opening of the METRO Blue Line in 2004 marked the beginning of Metro Transit's expansion into rail transit, 50 years after the last Twin Cities Rapid Transit streetcars were taken out of service. Several new rail transit projects are either under construction or in planning stages, and more are expected to be explored in the near future. Metro Transit will likely be acquiring a significant amount of rolling stock as these new projects move forward.
Light rail.
The Twin Cities region has two active light rail lines, the Blue Line, and the Green Line, and an extension to the Green Line currently being planned; the Southwest Corridor, which is in preliminary engineering.
Type I LRVs.
Metro Transit placed its order for light rail vehicles (LRVs) for the Blue Line with Bombardier in January 2001, originally for 18 cars, but increased in stages to 24 cars by early 2003. Bombardier constructed a full-scale, half-car mock-up of the Minneapolis version of its Flexity Swift design, and this was placed on temporary display on a section of completed track on 5th Street, starting on October 30, 2002, to enable Metro Transit to give the city's residents a hands-on preview of the low-floor design several months before completion of the first actual rail cars. The articulated vehicles use a 70% low-floor design, are long and can carry 66 seated passengers and 180 standees.
The first light rail vehicle for the Blue Line arrived in Minneapolis in March 2003, and testing of it along the first completed section of the line was underway by June 2003. The line opened on June 26, 2004, with 14 of the 24 Bombardier Flexity Swift LRVs accepted and available for service by then, and all 24 had entered service by the end of the year. In January 2007, the Metropolitan Council announced that three additional vehicles would be purchased, for a total of 27 LRVs on the line.
The Blue Line's Type I LRVs are numbered sequentially from 101 through 127. The Flexity Swift vehicle is an articulated design with three car-body sections, referred to as the A, B, and C sections. The markings on the ends of LRVs indicate the vehicle number and section. For example, car 114 is marked 114A on one end, and 114B on the other end. Vehicle numbers are also displayed (excluding the section letter) on the sides of the C section, on the doors of the operator cabs, and on the roof of the vehicle. Both ends of the vehicle have operator cabs, allowing trains of any length to be operated normally in either direction without the need to turn the train around. The pantograph is located on the B section of the vehicle.
Type II LRVs.
In 2010, the Metropolitan Council negotiated a contract with Siemens Industry Incorporated to build up to 109 S70/Avanto light rail vehicles, with the first vehicle arriving in September 2012. Most are intended for the Green Line (initially the Central Corridor route from Minneapolis to Saint Paul) which opened in 2014, and is to be expanded from Minneapolis to Eden Prairie along the Southwest Corridor in 2018, though the initial vehicles were used on the Blue Line as part of that route's three-car expansion project. The initial order was for 41 vehicles: 31 for the Green Line and 10 to expand the fleet of the Blue Line, allowing that route to operate three-car trains more consistently. Options for additional vehicles were exercised about a year later as contingency funding from the Central Corridor project opened up. As of 2012, 59 vehicles are on order: 47 for the Green Line and 12 for the Blue. 40 options remain available, and they may be ordered once the Green Line's southwest extension receives funding.
The initial order had a per-LRV cost of $3,297,714 and a total contract value of $153,211,516. Following the option order, the contract grew to $213 million. The vehicles are being built at Siemens’ facility in Florin, California, near Sacramento. The first vehicle, numbered 201, arrived in September 2012 and underwent some initial testing before being officially unveiled at an event at Target Field on October 10. The first two vehicles will have an extended testing period, entering revenue service around the start of 2013.
The Blue Line's original first-generation fleet of 27 Flexity Swift LRVs was built by Bombardier; the Siemens "type II" LRVs are mechanically, but not electronically, compatible with the current fleet of 27 "type I" vehicles, so while the two generations will be able to run on the tracks at the same time and either type would be able to push a malfunctioning unit of the other type, multiple-unit consists may only be assembled of one type.
The new type II LRVs weigh 50 tons (), which is about lighter than the earlier Bombardier units. The new cars have improved heating systems and better sound insulation to provide a quieter ride. They also feature LED lighting rather than the previous vehicles' fluorescent tubes. Rear-view mirrors have been replaced by rear-facing cameras connected to video screens in the operator cabs.
Operations.
Since the completion of three-car station extensions in winter 2010, Metro Transit operates one-, two-, and three- car trains on the Blue Line, depending on the time of day and ridership needs. Many stations on the line were initially built to be capable of serving only one- or two-car trains, as a cost-saving measure; all of the shorter platforms were designed and built with future extension in mind, and currently all stations are capable of serving three-car trains. The Green Line is being built with three-car platforms at all stations.
The number of LRVs in the first-generation fleet limits three-car operations during peak rush hours, as 27 cars will not allow operation of high frequencies with longer trains. In spring and summer 2010, three-car trains were only used for special event service, such as Twins games, when lower off-peak frequencies allow operation of longer trains to meet demand. Metro Transit continued operating two-car trains during the morning and evening rush hours until September 2010, when they began operating some 3-car trains during rush hour—However, this required a reduction in frequency so trains would arrive every 10 minutes rather than every 7–8 minutes (though some 2-car service remains at the old frequency). The arrival of Type II LRVs should allow 3-car trains at high frequencies in 2012 or 2013.
Maintenance facilities.
The Blue Line's Operations and Maintenance Facility (OMF) is located between the Cedar/Riverside and Franklin Avenue stations. The facility was expanded in 2011–2012 to make room for the 12 additional type II LRVs, and a Light Rail Support Facility was constructed in 2011 to allow some maintenance not requiring direct access to vehicle chassis to be moved out of the OMF building. The Green Line's Operations and Maintenance Facility is located on the site of the former Diamond Products building in Saint Paul's Lowertown neighborhood, just east of the Union Depot station.
Commuter rail.
The Twin Cities region currently has one heavy-rail commuter line, the Northstar Line. Though others are planned, none has advanced beyond alternatives analysis at this time.
Locomotives.
The Northstar commuter rail line's first five locomotives are the MP36PH-3C, manufactured by MotivePower in Boise, Idaho at a total cost of $13,823,000. The first of the locomotives, #501, was delivered October 3, 2008. The other four arrived around New Years Day of 2009. The locomotives are numbered sequentially 501 through 505.
Around the time the line began service in November 2009, it was announced that a negotiations were underway with the Utah Transit Authority to acquire a sixth locomotive from their "FrontRunner" service. This locomotive arrived in December 2009. By June, Metro Transit decided to purchase the UTA locomotive due to high leasing costs and the need to have an extra locomotive for when others are being repaired or inspected. $2.85 million for buying the locomotive and repainting it in Northstar livery came from a $10.1 million contingency fund built into the original cost of the service.
Passenger coaches.
Northstar uses the Bombardier Bi-Level Coach, a number of which are configured as cab cars. With no straightforward way to turn the trains or locomotives around at the ends of the line, the train is simply run in reverse from Big Lake to Minneapolis. The engineer remotely controls the locomotive from the cab car in the last coach of the train.
Official documents state that the line uses seventeen Bombardier BiLevel Coach passenger vehicles, although an 18th coach (#712) has apparently been photographed.
Consists.
Five trains are used during a typical day's operations, each consisting of a single locomotive, two or three regular coaches, and a cab car coach. The extra locomotive and coach are available for backup if needed. Northstar platforms were built long enough to accommodate trains of five coaches, which were used for some weekend trains in the early weeks of service.
Maintenance.
The maintenance facility for the Northstar Line is located just east of the station in Big Lake, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="21475852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475852" title="Camcon Technology">
Camcon Technology

Camcon Technology is a Cambridge-based company focused on the core research and development of the Camcon Binary Actuator, a new class of digital valve technology.
About Camcon.
Camcon is based in the UK's Silicon Fen and was founded in 2000 as a vehicle to support the development and commercialisation of a new class of binary actuating technology. The Intellectual Property company aims to make the Camcon Binary Actuator a worldwide standard and 32 worldwide patents have already been granted.
The company is developing products based on the Camcon Binary Actuator in a number of industrial markets, including oil & gas, medical, automotive and aviation, where its unique characteristics are deemed to offer the largest financial and technological return.
Camcon is funded by Hit & Run Music Publishing, the management team behind the Genesis (band) and ACUS Managing Partners, an active management venture capitalist that specialises in funding early stage technology companies.
In 2008, Lord Young of Graffham took on the role of chairman and invested the capital that the company required to complete its current development programme and see the introduction of Camcon products into the market
External links.
Camcon Technology 

</doc>
<doc id="21475858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475858" title="Nazi–Soviet economic relations (1934–41)">
Nazi–Soviet economic relations (1934–41)

After the Nazis rose to power in Germany in 1933, relations between Germany and the Soviet Union began to deteriorate rapidly, and trade between the two countries decreased. Following several years of high tension and rivalry, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union began to improve relations in 1939. In August of that year, the countries expanded their economic relationship by entering into a commercial agreement whereby the Soviet Union sent critical raw materials to Germany in exchange for weapons, military technology and civilian machinery. That deal accompanied the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, which contained secret protocols dividing central Europe between them, after which both Germany and the Soviet Union invaded countries listed within their "spheres of influence".
The countries later further expanded their economic relationship with a larger commercial agreement in February 1940. Thereafter, Germany received significant amounts of critical raw materials necessary for its future war efforts, such as petroleum, grain, rubber and manganese, while sending weapons, technology and manufacturing machinery to the Soviet Union. After unresolved negotiations regarding a potential Soviet entry into the Axis Pact, the countries settled several disputes and further expanded their economic dealings with the January 1941 German–Soviet Border and Commercial Agreement.
Economic relations between the two countries were abruptly terminated when Germany invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941, in violation of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact.
Background.
Traditional commerce, World War I and the Russian Revolution.
Germany lacks natural resources, including several key raw materials needed for economic and military operations. Since the late 19th century, it had relied heavily upon Russian imports for such materials. Before World War I, Germany had annually imported 1.5 billion Reichsmarks of raw materials and other goods from Russia. However, the economies of the two countries differed greatly before World War I. Germany had grown into the second-largest trading economy in the world, with a highly skilled workforce largely dominated by the private sector. While Imperial Russia had rapidly modernized by tenfold in the fifty years before the war, its economy still relied heavily upon state orders and its industry was closely regulated by the Tsarist state. 
Russian imports to Germany fell sharply after World War I. In addition, after the Russian Revolution of 1917, the young communist state assumed ownership of all heavy industry, banking and railways, resulting in plummeting industrial production, while the 1921 New Economic Policy left almost all small-scale production and farming in the private sector. The war-ravaged German economy struggled to return to pre-war levels, with inflation also taking its toll in 1923.
In the Soviet Union, only by 1927 had industrial output achieved approximately the 1913 levels under the Tsarist regime, but Soviet exports to Germany increased to 433 million Reichsmarks annually by 1927 after trade agreements were signed between the two countries in the mid-1920s.
Economist Nikolai Kondratiev was asked to study the Soviet economy, and he advocated slow prudent growth that kept the residual market economy of the New Economic Plan. In the late 1920s, Joseph Stalin took the economy in the opposite direction, beginning a period of full-scale socialist industrialization in his First Five-Year Plan for a Soviet economy that was still over 80% composed by the private sector, with plans to shed all vestiges of the free market. Kondratiev was accused of espousing a "counter-revolutionary" equilibrium theory, after which he was fired, jailed and charged with being a "kulak-professor."
Early 1930s.
In the early 1930s, Soviet imports decreased as the more isolationist Stalinist regime asserted power and dwindling adherence to the disarmament requirements of the Treaty of Versailles decreased Germany's reliance on Soviet imports. Gosplan, the Soviet economic planning body, suffered from the removal of economic specialists and replacement with technicians not equipped to understand macroeconomics. What followed was a system including no adequate review of national accounts and crude economic measurements. The planners turned to study the German planned economy and the "Reich Statistical Office", which employed seven times the number of employees as Gosplan. The subsequent changes to Gosplan improved its operation.
Though Soviet industrial output had significantly increased over its prior depressed levels, Soviet imports to Germany fell to 223 million Reichsmarks in 1934. Although the Soviet Union possessed almost double the population of Germany, its industrial output lagged behind, though its steel production almost caught up with Germany's in 1933 during the German economic collapse in the Great Depression. Following are German imports from Imperial Russia and the Soviet Union from 1912 to 1933:
While Soviet exports into Germany were a small percentage, German exports into the Soviet Union made up 46% of total Soviet imports in 1932. At the time, the Soviets had little of interest to foreign buyers in general. Another factor that slowed economic relations was the Soviet foreign trade monopoly of combining all transactions into a single government buyer.
Nazi era and relations deterioration.
Nazis rise to power.
The rise to power of the Nazi Party increased tensions between Germany and the Soviet Union, with Nazi racial ideology casting the Soviet Union as populated by "untermenschen" ethnic Slavs ruled by their "Jewish Bolshevik" masters. In 1934, Hitler spoke of an inescapable battle against "pan-Slav ideals", the victory in which would lead to "permanent mastery of the world", though he stated that they would "walk part of the road with the Russians, if that will help us." The sentiment roughly echoed Hitler's 1925 "Mein Kampf" writings, in which he stated that Germany's destiny was to turn "to the East" as it did "six hundred years ago" and "the end of the Jewish domination in Russia will also be the end of Russia as a State."
Nazi ideology focused on a racial struggle, rather than the class struggle at the center of Marxist ideology. While Nazi ideology opposed both the communism of the Soviet Union and capitalism, associating Jews with both systems, the German Reich moved toward a command economy closer to the Soviet system under Hitler, which comported with the anti-capitalism of both Stalin and Hitler. Nazi criticism of capitalism shared similarities with that of Marxists in that they both focused upon excessive financial concentration, declining exports, shrinking markets and overproduction. Hitler later boasted that the best means to beat inflation "was to be sought for in our concentration camps." While Marxists saw revolution as the solution, Hitler's saw the only solution as conquest—expropriating the resources, such as Lebensraum, through war that could not be won through failing capitalist systems. However, survival of the private sector was not incompatible with extensive Nazi state economic planning.
Both the Soviet and German economies had grown coming out of dire economic slumps in the late 1920s following World War I and the Russian Revolution. The German economy experienced real growth of over 70% between 1933 and 1938, while the Soviet economy experienced roughly the same growth between 1928 and 1938. However, with heavy state intervention, both economies also became more isolated and expanded under conditions of exceptional autarky. Outside trade and outside capital investment declined considerably for both economies during the 1930s.
In the mid-1930s, the Soviet Union made repeated efforts to reestablish closer contacts with Germany. The Soviets chiefly sought to repay debts from earlier trade with raw materials, while Germany sought to rearm, and the countries signed a credit agreement in 1935. In 1936, the Soviets attempted to seek closer political ties to Germany along with an additional credit agreement, which were rebuffed by Hitler, who wished to steer clear of such political ties. In response to Stalin's hopes to complete an economic deal with Hitler, the foreign section of the NKVD warned him that "all Soviet attempts to appease and conciliate Hitler are doomed. The main obstacle to an understanding with Moscow is Hitler himself." Stalin did not agree, responding to the NKVD "Well, now, how can Hitler make war on us when he has granted such loans? It's impossible. The business circles in Germany are too powerful, and they are in the saddle."
Mid-1930s deterioration of relations.
In 1936, Germany and Fascist Italy supported the Fascist Spanish Nationalists in the Spanish Civil War, while the Soviets supported the partially socialist-led Spanish Republic opposition. That same year, Germany and Japan entered the Anti-Comintern Pact, and were joined a year later by Italy.
That year, Germany also faced a large food and raw material crisis that had developed out of the increasing difficulties state bodies experienced attempting to control prices and commodity supplies in the face of resistant market forces. Much like Soviet economist Nikolai Kondratiev, lead German economist Hjalmar Schacht was fired and castigated. The crisis resulted in Hitler writing one of the few documents of any length that he drafted in his 12 years as Reich leader—a six-page memorandum that focused upon building a military larger than all possible enemy combinations and forcing upon the economy its racial duty of eschewing all inessential tasks in favor of large-scale war making. From this came Hitler's Four Year Plan for rearmament "without regard to costs", transforming the economy into a "Wehrwirtschaft" (defense-based economy). His advisers had suggested a Five Year Plan, but Hitler declined in favor of the less Marxist sounding Four Year Plan. 
Soviet industrialization of the early 1930s required massive debt expansions. To attempt to decrease this debt, grain was sold in large quantities in world markets. German debt also soared with increased state spending. Both countries turned more to economic isolation and autarky. Germany brazenly refused to pay interest on its bonds, and then secretly directed third parties working for it to buy back those subsequently devalued bonds at rock bottom prices. As a result, only 15% of German debt was held by foreign sources in the late 1930s.
Soviet great purges in 1937 and 1938 made striking an agreement with Germany even less likely by disrupting the already confused Soviet administrative structure necessary for negotiations. In the portion of the purges involving the military in 1936 and 1937, over 34,000 officers were purged in a campaign against a "fascist-Trotskyite conspiracy", including 45% of the most senior officers. While many officers were later reinstated, those that were convicted were shot and political officers, 73 per cent of which had no military experience, were introduced into the Red Army. The purges led Hitler to believe that the Soviets were militarily weak. Castigated former lead economist Kondratiev was one of those executed in the purges. His harangued German economist counterpart, Schacht, faced similar treatment later, winding up in a Nazi concentration camp after being accused of being part of the July 20 Plot to assassinate Hitler.
Economic reconciliation was hampered even further by political tension after the Anschluss in mid-1938 and Hitler's increasing hesitance to deal with the Soviet Union. Soviet exports to Germany fell to 47.4 million Reichsmarks in 1937 (approximately one fifth of the 1934 total) and 52.8 million Reichsmarks in 1938. In short, the important trading relationship between the countries that existed in the 1920s essentially collapsed with Hitler's rise to power. German northeastern European imports from 1934 to 1939 were as follows:
Even with vastly decreased trade between the countries, Germany was still among the top three importer nations for the Soviet Union and supplied between one third and two thirds of Soviet machine tool imports vital for industrialization. Trade continued on the basis of short term clearing agreements. Germany had supplied 54% of Soviet imports of machine tools from 1929 to 1933, and 53% of such imports even when relations became more tense from 1933 to 1937.
The Four and Five Year Plans.
Both the German Four Year Plan and Soviet Second and Third Five Year Plans emphasized the construction of military installations, factories, canals, roads and cities that produced accumulating crises' of over-investment and supply failures in other non-emphasized economic areas. Monopsony compromised both systems, with the Soviet state the principal purchaser for all goods in its economy, while the German state was the largest purchaser in its economy. German cost-plus contracts and Soviet fraud and mismanagement caused inefficient contracting, resulting in the building of massive contract-monitoring bureaucratic structures that produced additional costs in both economies.
In March 1939, the Soviet Union announced the new directives of the Third Five Year Plan, named "Five Year Plan of Special Steels and Chemicals." The defense sector received the highest priority under the plan. The pressure to fulfill Soviet Second and Third Five Year Plan goals was more keen where managers faced the risk that every failure might be interpreted as an act of economic sabotage. In 1936, the head of the Soviet Gosbank was shot after he suggested a relaxation of economic controls. To cope with state controls of supply systems, "blat" (informal black market) agreements were often made, which could not easily be tracked by Gosplan.
Hitler's Four Year Plan called for a modernized expanded agricultural sector to free Germany from the fear of a blockade, a network of motorways, remodeled cities, a massive program of import-substitution to supply synthetic strategic material and military industries capable of out-producing the largest enemy economy. The plan required a rigid structure of six main economic divisions: raw materials production, raw materials distribution, labor agriculture, price control and foreign exchange. It made heavy demands on resources already in short supply because of high military spending, resulting in the delay or postponement of most programs while scrambling for raw materials, building workers and engineering equipment. Pseudo markets were created to attempt to make the system work more efficiently. In response to "blat"-like commerce arising, Germany passed laws labeling such unsanctioned commerce as "economic sabotage" punishable by death. German regulation of private property and capital movement hardened, and property could be seized from political enemies such as ethnic Jews or communists.
Huge German and Soviet military demand growth.
German and Soviet demand for military supplies, already the subject of massive growth under their Four and Five Year Plans, increased even further after the Munich Agreement. While both Stalin and Hitler had long spoken of an over-riding necessity to prepare for war, Hitler's outlook was for an offensive war, comporting with Nazi ideology, by a new community of Germans carving an empire across Europe, slaying the "Jewish Bolshevik" dragon and addressing punitive Treaty of Versailles provisions.
The Treaty of Versailles restrictions had resulted in a very weak German military as late as the early 1930s, though planning efforts had been underway since the late 1920s for military growth in preparation for the next European war. German military spending remained restrained during this period: 
To get around Versailles restrictions, Germany and the Soviet Union collaborated to allow Germany to establish experimental centers in the Soviet Union for tank, chemical weapons and aviation research, while Soviet officers traveled to Germany for military instruction. However, this secret collaboration ended with Hitler's rise to the Chancellery in 1933. Immediately thereafter, Hitler ordered a tripling of German military size in one year. Germany instituted covert military increases, including ship production in excess of Versailles limits, while refusing to ever refer to its "General Staff" (which was prohibited by Versailles) and ceasing publication of its officer list. On March 16, 1935, Hitler surprised world powers by passing a law openly requiring universal military service and further increasing military size to half a million men. Countries including France and Britain protested, but did not act, effectively ending the pretense of military restrictions under Versailles.
By 1939, three years into the Four Year Plan, over 20% of all German industrial workers worked for the armed forces, while nearly 33% of those in the manufacturing and building sectors worked there. By comparison, in 1938, Britain and the United States produced just 13% of the quantity of weapons that Germany produced that year. German armament spending went from under 2% of gross national product in 1933 to over 23% in 1939. German armament expenses under the Nazi regime increased rapidly, especially under the Four Year plan:
Stalin viewed a coming war as occurring between imperialist powers, and in the late 1920s, had even predicted a massive war between the United States and Britain. The Soviet military experienced almost proportionately identical massive increases nominally as that of Germany for military equipment and weapon designs to strengthen a Red Army and Red Navy weakened by purges. While in the face of massive Soviet inflation in the 1930s, military spending increases were still enormous, the differences grow considerably when adjusted for inflation (Germany actually experienced deflation). From 1931 to 1934, the Soviet had purposefully published figures for military spending below actual levels. Because of League of Nations publications requirements, the Soviets began more accurate defense spending publications by 1936.
The Soviet Third Five Year Plan required massive new infusions of technology and industrial equipment. After Stalin's shock at the poor performance of Soviet aircraft in the Spanish Civil War and the "backwardness" of the Soviet Air Force in 1938, emphasis was put on military production, including that of large naval ships. By 1937, 17% of Soviet gross national product was spent on defense, while over 20% of industrial investment went to defense industries. At the same time, military personnel increased from 562,000 in 1931 to just over 1.5 million in 1938. Meanwhile, the Soviet transportation network was woefully underdeveloped, with roads approaching non-existence and rail lines already stretched to their limits.
The ambitious objectives of the Third Five Year Plan hinged upon the Soviet economy's importing large amounts of technology from the United States, which then supplied over 60% of Soviet machine and equipment.
Late 1930s German raw materials crunch.
By the late 1930s, foreign trade became difficult because Germany lacked the gold or foreign exchange needed to finance any balance of payment deficit. Further damaging foreign trade, Germany had already heavily regulated exports and imports, requiring licenses and approval for all trades so that it could favor the raw materials imports that it desperately need. Additional trading difficulties were caused by a boycott of German goods following Kristallnacht in November 1938.
Because an autarkic economic approach or an alliance with Britain were impossible, Germany needed to arrange closer relations with the Soviet Union, if not just for economic reasons alone. Despite work on coal hydrogenisation, Germany lacked oil and could only supply 25% of its own needs. Since its main supplier, the United States, would be potentially cut off during a war, Germany had to look to Russia and Romania. Germany suffered from the same supply problems for metal ores such as chrome, tungsten, nickel, molybdenum, and manganese, all of which were needed for hardened steel used in tanks, ships and other war equipment. For example, Germany was almost 100% reliant on imports for chrome, and the loss of South African and Turkish imports along were a blockade to arise would eliminate 80% of imports. Even for manganese, of which Germany supplied 40% of its needs, the expected British blockade would cut its link to its main outside supplier, South Africa. Germany was 35% self-sufficient for iron ore, but would lose 36% of its previous imported supply on the outbreak of war. Furthermore, Stalin's permission was needed to transit tungsten and molybdenum from China and chrome from Turkey, which required Soviet-controlled rail lines. Meanwhile, the Soviet Union was the world's largest source of manganese, the second largest for chrome and platinum and the third largest supplier of crude oil, iron ore and nickel.
Rubber was particularly troublesome, with Germany requiring 80% of its rubber from imports. Hitler required Soviet help to procure rubber from the Far East, the shortage of which had caused Germany problems in World War I. Rubber production in Malaya and the East Indies was dominated by the British and the Dutch. Cutting off these sources would leave Germany with stockpiles for only two months. Although German synthetic materials plants could produce 50% of German rubber needs, Germany still required large amounts of natural rubber as raw material. And just to achieve that synthetic production, Germany had invested a massive 1.9 billion Reichsmarks over three years—almost half of all investment in its capital goods industry.
While Germany had decreased its dependence on imported food from 35% in 1927 to 13% in 1939, 40% of its fat and oil food requirements had to be met by imports. Moreover, Germany's food requirements would grow further if it conquered nations that were also net food importers. Soviet imports of Ukrainian grains or Soviet trans-shipments of Manchurian soybeans could make up the shortfall.
In 1936, Hermann Göring told several German industrialists that "obtaining raw materials from Russia is so important that he shall raise this issue with Hitler himself—however much the latter might be ill-disposed to accept this." By 1937, the vast gulf between raw material needs and supplies had taken over Hitler's thinking for conquest. German military industry desperately needed certain raw materials, such as manganese ore and petroleum, and these could be purchased on a regular basis only from the Soviet Union. Goering had stated that Germany desired business ties with the Russians "at any cost."
After hearing the dire reports of German planners, in a November 5, 1937 meeting he told his generals that he would have to take over a neighboring country to ensure the supply of agricultural land and raw materials, now equating this massive economic need with Lebensraum. The German Anschluss and German occupation of Czechoslovakia were driven by economic as much as racial motives, with heavy industry in those locations being gobbled up by the "Reichswehr" rather than private industry. The day German forces entered the Czech Sudetenland, Hermann Göring pored over figures with generals covering every item of Sudeten economic resources, from lignite to margarine, so that it could be allocated to the Four Year Plan. In January 1939, the huge Four Year Plan goals combined with a shortage of foreign hard currencies needed to pay for raw materials forced Hitler to order major defense cuts, including a reduction by the "Wehrmacht" of its allocations by 30% of steel, 47% of aluminum, 25% of cement, 14% of rubber and 20% of copper. On January 30, 1939, Hitler made his "Export or die" speech calling for a German economic offensive ("export battle", to use Hitler's term), to increase German foreign exchange holdings to pay for raw materials such high-grade iron needed for military materials.
1938-1939 deal discussions.
Early discussions.
Germany and the Soviet Union discussed entering into an economic deal throughout early 1939. During spring and summer 1939, the Soviets negotiated a political and military pact with France and Britain, while at the same time talking with German officials about a potential political Soviet–German agreement. Through economic discussion in April and May, Germany and the Soviet Union hinted of discussing a political agreement.
Ensuing political discussions between the countries were channeled through the economic negotiation, because the economic needs of the two sides were substantial and because close military and diplomatic connections had been severed in the mid-1930s after the creation of the Anti-Comintern Pact and the Spanish Civil War, leaving these talks as the only means of communication. German planners in April and May 1939 feared massive oil, food, rubber and metal ore shortages without Soviet help in the event of a war.
Addressing past hostilities and finalizing the deals.
In late July and early August, the Soviet Union and Germany were very close to finalizing the terms of a proposed economic deal and began to more concretely discuss the possibility of a political deal, which the Soviets insisted could only follow after an economic deal was reached. They discussed prior hostilities between the countries in the 1930s and addressed their common ground of anti-capitalism, stating "there is one common element in the ideology of Germany, Italy and the Soviet Union: opposition to the capitalist democracies," "neither we nor Italy have anything in common with the capitalist west" and "it seems to us rather unnatural that a socialist state would stand on the side of the western democracies." The Germans explained that their prior hostility toward Soviet Bolshevism had subsided with the changes in the Comintern and the Soviet renunciation of a world revolution. The Soviet official at the meeting characterized the conversation as "extremely important."
As Germany scheduled its invasion of Poland for August 25 and prepared for war with France, German war planners in August estimated that, because of massive oil, food and rubber shortfalls, in the face of an expected British blockade, the Soviet Union would become the only supplier for many items. Every internal German military and economic study had argued that Germany was doomed to defeat without at least Soviet neutrality. By August 10, the countries worked out the last minor technical details, but the Soviets delayed signing the economic agreement for almost ten days until they were sure that they had also reached a political agreement.
1939 economic and political deals.
Germany and the Soviet Union signed a commercial agreement, dated August 19, providing for the trade of certain German military and civilian equipment in exchange for Soviet raw materials. The agreement provided for roughly 200 million in Soviet imports of raw materials (for which they would receive a seven-year line of credit), German exports of weapons, military technology and civilian machinery. "current" business, which entailed Soviet obligations to deliver 180 million Reichsmarks in raw materials and German commitment to provide the Soviets with 120 million Reichsmarks of German industrial goods. German Foreign Ministry official Karl Schnurre noted at the time that "movement of goods envisaged by the agreement might therefore reach a total of more than 1 billion Reichsmarks for the next few years." Schnurre also wrote "[apart from the economic import of the treaty, its significance lies in the fact that the negotiations also served to renew political contacts with Russia and that the credit agreement was considered by both sides as the first decisive step in the reshaping of political relations." "Pravda" published an article on August 21 declaring that the August 19 commercial agreement "may appear as a serious step in the cause of improving not only economic, but also political relations between the USSR and Germany." Soviet foreign minister Vyacheslav Molotov wrote in "Pravda" that day that the deal was "better than all earlier treaties" and "we have never managed to reach such a favorable economic agreement with Britain, France or any other country."
Early in the morning of August 24, the Soviet Union and Germany signed the political and military deal that accompanied the trade agreement, the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact. The pact was an agreement of mutual non-aggression between the countries. It contained secret protocols dividing the states of Northern and Eastern Europe into German and Soviet "spheres of influence." At the time, Stalin considered the trade agreement to be more important than the non-aggression pact.
At the signing, Ribbentrop and Stalin enjoyed warm conversations, exchanged toasts and further addressed the prior hostilities between the countries in the 1930s. They characterized Britain as always attempting to disrupt Soviet-German relations, stated that the Anti-Comintern pact was not aimed at the Soviet Union, but actually aimed at Western democracies and "frightened principally the City of London the British financiers and the English shopkeepers."
Division of Central Europe.
One week after the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, the partition of Poland commenced with the German invasion of western Poland. The British Ministry of Economic Warfare immediately began an economic blockade of Germany. At the outset, Britain realized that this blockade would be less effective than their blockade of Germany in World War I because of current German allies Italy and the Soviet Union.
On September 17, the Red Army invaded eastern Poland and occupied the Polish territory assigned to it by the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, followed by co-ordination with German forces in Poland. Three Baltic States described by the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, were given no choice but to sign a so-called "Pact of defense and mutual assistance" which permitted the Soviet Union to station troops in them.
Talks to expand the economic pact.
German raw materials crisis and Soviet needs after Poland.
Hitler's pressing for a German invasion of Poland in 1939 placed tremendous strain on the German war machine, which had been gradually gearing up after the Treaty of Versailles restrictions for "total war" (""totaler Krieg"") in 1942 or 1943. The German navy was also critically short of maritime and military assets and did not achieve full mobilization until 1942. While the Soviet alliance provided a huge military benefit to Germany, which thereafter had to station only four regular and nine territorial divisions on its eastern border, even the quick Germany victory in Poland strained its 1939 military resources, leaving it with only six weeks of munitions supplies and no considerable manpower reserve. In the face of a British blockade, the only remaining state capable of supplying Germany with the oil, rubber, manganese, grains, fats and platinum it needed was the Soviet Union.
In addition, Germany had imported 140.8 million Reichsmarks in Polish goods in 1938, and half of that territory was now held by the Soviet Union. The Soviets now occupied fields amounting to seventy per cent of Poland's oil production. Germany needed more of an economic alliance with the Soviet Union for raw materials than the economic partnership that the August 19, 1939 agreement provided. At the same time, the Soviets' demands for manufactured goods, such as German machines, were increasing while its ability to import those goods from outside decreased when many countries ceased trading relations after the Soviet entry into the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. The Soviet Union could offer precious little technology, while Germany possessed the technology the Soviet Union needed to build a blue-water fleet. Accordingly, for the next six weeks, especially after the Soviet and German invasions of Poland, Germany pressed hard for an additional agreement.
At the same time, the United States, supplied over 60% of Soviet machine and equipment, stopped armament shipments to the Soviet Union after the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact. It imposed a full embargo after the Soviets 1939 invasion of Finland. Russian quality controllers were expelled from the United States aircraft industry and already paid-for orders were suspended. With similar trade with France and Britain ceased, Germany was the only alternative for many goods.
Negotiations.
After the division of Poland, the parties signed a September 28 German–Soviet Boundary and Friendship Treaty ceding Lithuania to the Soviets, the preamble of which stated the countries' intention "to develop economic relations and trade between Germany and the Soviet Union by all possible means." It continued "for this purpose an economic programme is to be set up by both parties, according to which the Soviet Union is to deliver raw materials to Germany, who will balance these out by means of long-term industrial shipments." The result of this would be that mutual
trade would "once again reach the high level achieved in the past." Thereafter, oil, foodstuffs and cattle produced in the Soviet-occupied area of Poland was sent to Germany in accordance with the economic cooperation clause of the September 28 treaty. One week later, Ribbentrop gave the green light for a new round of talks.
In early October, German officials proposed a deal that would have increased Soviet raw material exports (oil, iron ore, rubber, tin, etc.) to Germany by over 400%, while the Soviets requested massive quantities of German weapons and technology, including the delivery of German naval cruisers Lützow, Seydlitz and Prinz Eugen. At the same time, Germany accepted an offer by the Soviet Union to provide Germany a naval base, Basis Nord, at then undeveloped Zapadnaya Litsa (120 kilometers from Murmansk) from which they could stage raiding operations.
Stalin personally stepped in to intervene on deteriorating talks. Further discussions took place in Moscow in early February regarding the specifics of German military equipment to be provided. Germany agreed that the plans for the battleship Bismarck could be included in the war materials to be provided to the Soviet Union.
The 1940 commercial agreement.
On February 11, 1940, Germany and the Soviet Union entered into the German-Soviet Commercial Agreement, an intricate trade pact in which the Soviet Union would send Germany 650 million Reichmarks in raw materials in exchange for 650 million Reichmarks in machinery, manufactured goods and technology. The trade pact helped Germany to surmount the British blockade of Germany. The main raw materials specified in the agreement were one million tons of grain, 900,000 tons of oil and more than 500,000 tons of various metal ores (mostly iron ore) in exchange for synthetic material plants, ships, turrets, machine tools and coal. The agreement also contained a "Confidential Protocol" providing the Soviet Union would undertake purchases from third party countries of "metals and other goods" on behalf of Germany.
The Soviets were to receive the incomplete Hipper Class naval cruiser Lützow, the plans to the battleship Bismarck, information on German naval testing, "complete machinery for a large destroyer", heavy naval guns, three ch) twin turrets to defend ports, preliminary sketches for a 40.6 cm triple turret, working drawings for a 28 cm turret, other naval gear and samples of thirty of Germany's latest warplanes, including the Me-109 fighter, Me-110 fighter and Ju-88 bomber. Stalin believed the Lutzow to be important because of its new 20.3 cm naval guns, along with their performance characteristics. The Soviets would also receive oil and electric equipment, locomotives, turbines, generators, diesel engines, ships, machine tools and samples of German artillery, tanks, explosives, chemical-warfare equipment and other items.
Expanded economic relationship.
Soviet provision of raw materials and other help.
Under the aegis of the economic agreements, Soviet-German exports and imports increased tenfold. While some slowdowns and negotiations occurred, the Soviet Union met all of its requirements under the agreement. It became a major supplier of vital materials to Germany, including petroleum, manganese, copper, nickel, chrome, platinum, lumber and grain. During the first period of the agreement (February 11, 1940 to February 11, 1941), Germany received:
Soviet goods were freighted to Brest-Litovsk, through occupied Polish territories and then shifted to European gauge track to Germany to circumvent the British naval blockade. The Soviets also granted Germany the right to transit for German traffic to and from Romania, Iran, Afghanistan and other countries in the east, while reducing by 50 per cent freight rates to Manchukuo, which was under Japanese control. Soviet exports to Germany, using German figures, which do not count products still in transit during Operation Barbarossa (which came in after June 1941), including: 
The Soviet figures only include imports after September 1939 and differ, in part, because they include products that were in transit during Operation Barbarossa were not yet counted in the German figures, which count only the first six months of 1941.
The Soviet Union also bought and shipped other materials to Germany, such as rubber from India. The Soviets shipped approximately 800 million deutschmarks of goods. Materials Germany imported from other countries using the Soviet Trans-Siberian Railway and from Afghanistan and Iran via the Soviet Union as an intermediary, including:
The trade pact helped Germany to surmount the British blockade of Germany. By June 1940, Soviet imports comprised over 50% of Germany's total overseas imports, and often exceed 70% of total German overseas imports.
The Soviet Union further helped Germany to avoid the British blockade by providing a U-boat base at Basis Nord. In addition, the Soviets provided Germany with access to the Northern Sea Route for both cargo ships and raiders (though only the raider "Komet" used the route before the German invasion of the USSR), which forced Britain to protect sea lanes in both the Atlantic and the Pacific.
There had never been such intensive trade between Germany and the Soviet Union as that which took place during the eighteen months of 1940 to June 1941. Soviet imports of chrome, manganese and platinum, for which Germany relied entirely on imports, made up 70% of Germany's total imports of those materials. While the Soviet Union provided 100% of German imports of rye, barley and oats, this was 20% of the amount of the total German harvest. Three quarters of Soviet oil and grain exports, two thirds of Soviet cotton exports and over 90% of Soviet wood exports were to the Reich alone. Germany supplied the Soviet Union with 31% of its imports, which was on par with United States imports into the Soviet Union. Germany supplied 46% of Soviet machine tool imports, and was its largest such supplier.
Particularly important were grain, manganese and chrome—vital ingredients of the German war economy that now faced the British naval blockade. In terms of imports and exports, the total balanced out at 500 million reichsmarks in either direction, but the strategic gain to Hitler was far greater than that to Stalin.
German summer worries and procrastination.
In the Summer of 1940, Germany grew even more dependent on Soviet imports. While German acquisitions of France, the Netherlands, and Belgium meant the capture of fuel and iron supplies, created additional demand while decreasing avenues for indirect supply.
Soviet oil continued to flow to Germany, mostly by rail from Varna, Bulgaria directly to Wilhelmshaven. German officials noted that over 1,500 tons of oil had been shipped monthly for five months, using about 900 German tank cars exclusively dedicated for that traffic. Hitler characterized the German need for that oil as "most pressing." He however noted that "This will not become critical as long as Romania and Russia continue their supplies and hydrogenation plants can be adequately protected against air attacks." After the forced Soviet occupation of Romania territories Bessarabia and Bucovina, Germany wanted the 100,000 tons of grain for which they had previously contracted with Bessarabia, guarantees of German property safety in Romania and reassurance that the train tracks carrying Romanian oil would be left alone. However, Germany had captured Norway's molybdenum mines, agreed to an oil-for arms pact with Romania in May and gained rail access to Spain with the capture of France.
The Soviet invasion of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia in June 1940 resulted in the Soviet occupation of states on which Germany had relied for 96.7 million Reichsmarks of imports in 1938 at blackmailed favorable economic terms, but from which they now had to pay Soviet rates for goods. Compared to 1938 figures, Greater Germany and its sphere of influence lacked, among other items, 500,000 tons of manganese, 3.3 million tons of raw phosphate, 200,000 tons of rubber and 9.5 million tons of oil. An eventual invasion of the Soviet Union increasingly looked like the only way in which Hitler believed that Germany could solve that resource crisis. While no concrete plans were yet made, Hitler told one of his generals in June that the victories in Europe "finally freed his hands for his important real task: the showdown with Bolshevism", though German generals told Hitler that occupying Western Russia would create "more of a drain than a relief for Germany's economic situation." This included Kriegsmarine leader Erich Raeder, who consistently had opposed any war with the Soviet Union. Nevertheless, military planners were instructed to continued preparing for the eventual war in the east, in an operation that was then codenamed "Fritz."
Germany, which was provided 27 months to finish delivery of its goods, procrastinated as long as possible. Germany did initially deliver some floating cranes, five aircraft, an electrode shop, several gun turrets (with fire control apparatuses and spare parts), two submarine periscopes and additional ship construction tools. A few months later it delivered a sample of its harvest technology. Labor shortages caused by German rearmament pushes also slowed Germany's ability to export material. By the end of June, Germany had only delivered 82 million Reichsmarks in goods (including 25 million for the "Lutzow") of the 600 million Reichsmarks in Soviet orders place by that time.
Delivery suspension.
By August 1940, German was 73 million Reichsmarks behind on deliveries due under the 1940 commercial agreement. The Soviet Union had provided over 300 million Reichsmarks worth of raw materials, while the Germans provided less than half of that in finished products for compensation.
That month, the Soviet Union briefly suspended its deliveries after their relations were strained following disagreement over policy in the Balkans, the Soviet Union's war with Finland (from which Germany had imported 88.9 million Reichsmarks in goods in 1938), the German commercial delivery failures and with Stalin worried that Hitler's war with the West might end quickly after France signed an armistice. At that time, the Soviet also canceled all long range projects under the 1940 commercial agreement.
The suspension created significant resource problems for Germany. Ribbentrop wrote a letter promising Stalin that "in the opinion of the Fuhrer ... it appears to be the historical mission of the Four Powers – the Soviet Union, Italy, Japan and Germany – to adopt a long range-policy and to direct the future development of their peoples into the right channels by delimitation of their interests in a worldwide scale." By the end of August, relations improved again as the countries had redrawn the Hungarian and Romanian borders, settled Bulgarian claims and Stalin was again convinced that Germany would face a long war in the west with Britain's improvement in its air battle with Germany and the execution of an agreement between the United States and Britain regarding destroyers and bases. Soviet raw material deliveries increased well over prior figures.
Germany delayed its delivery of the cruiser "Lützow" and the plans for the "Bismarck" as long as possible, hoping to avoid delivery altogether if the war developed favorably, and it was later delivered in very incomplete state.
Possible Soviet Axis membership and further economic talks.
Hitler had been considering war with the Soviet Union since July 1940. However, after Germany entered the Axis Pact with Japan and Italy, in October 1940, the Soviet Union explored a possible entry into the Axis themselves. Stalin sent Molotov to Berlin to negotiate, where he negotiated with Ribbentrop and Hitler personally, who spoke at length about a division of the world after the destruction of Britain that would be like a "a gigantic world estate in bankruptcy". After long discussions and proposals, Germany presented the Soviets with a draft written Axis pact agreement defining the world spheres of influence of the four proposed Axis powers (Japan, Germany, Soviet Union, Italy). Eleven days later, the Soviets presented a Stalin-drafted written counter-proposal where they would accept the four-power pact, but it included Soviet rights to Bulgaria and a world sphere of influence focus on the area around modern Iraq and Iran. The Soviets concurrently promised, by May 11, 1941, the delivery of 2.5 million tons of grain—1 million tons above its current obligations. They also promised full compensation for the Volksdeutsche property claims. Germany never responded to the counter-proposal. Shortly thereafter, Hitler issued a secret directive on the eventual attempts to invade the Soviet Union.
Hitler wanted an additional economic deal to get what he could from the Soviet Union before the invasion, while other German officials wanted such a deal in the hopes that it could change the current anti-Soviet direction of German policy. Knowing they were preparing for an invasion of the Soviet Union, German negotiators pushed to delay the delivery of German goods beyond the summer of 1941. Suspicious of German delays, in December, the Soviets demanded that all questions pending between the countries be resolved before an agreement could be made. Tensions had already built after Germany had ignored Stalin's letter regarding Axis membership, with negotiators almost coming to blows at one point. At the same time, German war planners were aware of the potential fragility of Soviet oil, agreeing with Allied military assessments that they had captured in France saying that "a few incendiary bombs would have sufficed to shut down Baku for years."
At the same time, Britain was forecasting continued German oil problems. 
The British Chiefs of Staff produced a report in September 1940 predicting a possible exhaustion of German oil stocks by June 1941. They believed that Germany could only improve its position by defeating Britain or by driving the Royal Navy from the Eastern Mediterranean so that Germany could import Soviet and Romanian oil supplies by sea. An American spy then viewed a December German report detailing the need for an invasion of the Soviet Union because of projected mid-1941 shortages of heavy metals and other supplies.
1941 border and commercial agreement.
On January 10, 1941, the Germany and the Soviet Union signed agreements in Moscow to settle all of the open disputes that the Soviets had demanded. The agreements extended trade regulation of the 1940 German-Soviet Commercial Agreement until August 1, 1942 and increased deliveries above the levels of year one of that agreement to 620 to 640 million Reichmarks. It also settled several border, trading rights, property compensation and immigration disputes. It further covered the migration to Germany within two and a half months of ethnic Germans and German citizens in Soviet-held Baltic territories, and the migration to the Soviet Union of Baltic and "White Russian" "nationals" in German-held territories. Secret protocols in the new agreement stated that Germany would renounce its claims to a strip of territory in Lithuania it had received in the "Secret Additional Protocols" of the German–Soviet Boundary and Friendship Treaty, in exchange for 7.5 million dollars (31.5 million Reichsmark). Because of currency fluctuation issues, the parties used American dollar demarcations for compensation totals.
Because of a stronger German negotiation position, Karl Schnurre concluded that, in economic terms, the agreement was "the greatest Germany ever concluded, going well beyond the previous year's February agreement." The agreement included Soviet commitments to 2.5 million tons of grain shipments and 1 million tons of oil shipments, as well as large amounts of nonferrous and precious metals. German Special Ambassador Karl Ritter, in a state of near-euphoria over Germany's achievement, wrote a directive to all German embassies that "While Britain and the United States have up to now been unsuccessful in their efforts to come to an agreement with the Soviet Union in any field, the Soviet Union has concluded with Germany, the largest contract ever between two states."
On January 17, 1941, Molotov asked German officials whether the parties could then work out an agreement for entry into the Axis pact. Molotov expressed astonishment at the absence of any answer to the Soviets' November 25 offer to join the Pact. They never received an answer. Germany was already planning its invasion of the Soviet Union. On December 18, 1940, Hitler had signed War Directive No. 21 to the German high command for an operation now codenamed Operation Barbarossa stating: "The German Wehrmacht must be prepared to crush Soviet Russia in a quick campaign." Hitler directed Raeder that Germany would have to take Polyarny and Murmansk at that time to cut off access to aid that would come to the Soviet Union.
Late Soviet attempts to improve relations.
Even though Stalin was preparing for a likely war, he still believed that he could at least avoid a short-term clash. In an effort to demonstrate peaceful intentions toward Germany, on April 13, 1941, the Soviets signed a neutrality pact with Axis power Japan. During that signing ceremony, Stalin embraced the German ambassador and exclaimed "we must remain friends and you must do everything to that end!" While Stalin had little faith in Japan's commitment to neutrality, he felt that the pact was important for its political symbolism, to reinforce a public affection for Germany. Stalin felt that there was a growing split in German circles about whether Germany should initiate a war with the Soviet Union.
Stalin did not know that Hitler had been secretly discussing an invasion of the Soviet Union since summer 1940, and that Hitler had ordered his military in late 1940 to prepare for war in the East regardless of the parties talks of a potential Soviet entry as a fourth Axis Power. He had ignored German economic naysayers, and told Hermann Göring "that everyone on all sides was always raising economic misgivings against a threatening war with Russia. From now onwards he wasn't going to listen to any more of that kind of talk and from now on he was going to stop up his ears in order to get his peace of mind." This was passed on to General Georg Thomas, who had been preparing reports on the negative economic consequences of a Soviet invasion—that it would be a net economic drain unless it was captured intact. Given Hitler's latest demands regarding negative advice, Thomas revised his report. Reich Finance Minister Schwerin-Krosigk also opposed an invasion, arguing that Germany would lose grain because of Soviet scorched-earth policies, lack of effective Soviet transport and the loss of production labor with a German attack in the East. Schnurre agreed with the economic loss assessment.
German generals and others delayed several orders, such that they were never delivered, such as the delivery of German combat aircraft. German officials also procrastinated on the next round of trade balance talks.
Soviet willingness to deliver increased in April, with Hitler telling German officials attempting to dissuade him of attack that concessions would be even greater if 150 German divisions were on their borders. Stalin greeted Schnurre at the Moscow railroad station with the phrase "We will remain friends with you – in any event." The Soviets also deferred to German demands regarding Finland, Romania and border settlements. In an April 28 meeting with Hitler, German ambassador to Moscow Friedrich Werner von der Schulenburg stated that Stalin was prepared to make even further concessions, including up to 5 million tons of grain in the next year alone, with Acting Military Attache Krebs adding that the Soviets "will do anything to avoid war and yielded on every issue short of making territorial concessions."
Stalin also attempted a further cautious economic appeasement of Germany, shipping items in May and June for which German firms had not even placed orders. German officials concluded in May that "we could make economic demands on Moscow which would even go beyond the scope of the treaty of January 10, 1941." That same month, German naval officials stated that "the Russian government is endeavoring to do everything to prevent a conflict with Germany." By June 18, four days before the German invasion, the Soviet had even promised the Japanese that they could ship much greater totals along the Trans-Siberian Railway.
Soviet rubber shipments greatly increased in later months, filling up German warehouses and the Soviet transports systems. 76% of the total of 18,800 tons of vital rubber sent to Germany was shipped in May and June 1941. 2,100 tons of it crossed the border only hours before the German invasion began.
Hitler breaks the Pact.
Initial Invasion.
On June 22, 1941, Germany began Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union through the territories that the two countries had previously divided. Because it had planned to attack the Soviet Union since late 1940, Germany managed to avoid delivery of about 750 million Reichsmarks of goods it was to have delivered under the economic agreements. This, however, cost Germany about 520 million Reichsmarks in counter-deliveries that the Soviets may have made before the invasion. Shortly before the June 22 attack, German ships began leaving Soviet harbors, some without being unloaded. That night after the invasion, Germans ferried out their remaining workers on the "Lützow" project, and Soviet naval workers let them go.
After the launch of the invasion, within six months, the Soviet military had suffered 4.3 million casualties and Germany had captured three million Soviet prisoners, two million of which would die in German captivity by February 1942. German forces had advanced , and maintained a linearly measured front of .
Soviet neutrality between 1939 and 1941 helped Germany to avoid a two front war, concentrating most of the Wehrmacht eastward in 1941, while Soviet imports to Germany proved vital to the German invasion of the Soviet Union. Ironically, despite fears causing the Soviet Union to enter deals with Germany in 1939, that Germany came so close to destroying the Soviet Union was due largely to Soviet actions taken from 1939 to 1941. Soviet raw materials supplies had helped convince German generals, who previously had refused to even discuss a Soviet invasion, to go along with Hitler's plans. Soviet imports into Germany, especially oil, proved essential for the Wehrmacht's conduct of the coming invasion. Without Soviet imports, German stocks would have run out in several key products by October 1941, within three and a half months. Germany would have already run through their stocks of rubber and grain before the first day of the invasion were it not for Soviet imports:
Without Soviet deliveries of these four major items, Germany could barely have attacked the Soviet Union, let alone come close to victory, even with more intense rationing. Estimates of any Soviet gains from the German weapons and technology are difficult, though they were certainly less vital for the Soviets than the Soviet raw material imports were for Germany. The "Lützow" was never completed, and the Soviets used it as an immobile gun battery until its sinking on September 17, though it was later refloated. however, Soviet aviation experts were satisfied with their modest aircraft purchases. Although many of the machine tools and other equipment exported to the Soviet Union was destroyed or captured in the Nazi invasion, the remainder likely still played an important role in reequipping the Red Army. German coal deliveries exceeded what the Soviets could have received from other sources.
However, in total, Germany had shipped only 500 million Reichsmarks of products to the Soviet Union. This paled in comparison, for example, to the over 5 billion Reichsmarks of goods the Allies sent the Russians in 1942 alone, and over 13 billion Reichsmarks of total goods during the course of the war.
After Barbarossa.
While, by December 1941, Hitler's troops had advanced to within 20 miles of the Kremlin in Moscow, the Soviets launched a counteroffensive, pushing German troops back 40–50 miles from Moscow, the Wehrmacht's first significant defeat of the war. More importantly, between July and December 1941, the Soviets had moved 2,593 enterprises—most of them iron, steel and engineering plants—and 50,000 small workshops and factories to the Ural Mountains in the Volga region, to Kazakhstan and to Eastern Siberia, away from the Nazi forces who had already occupied vast quantities of European Russia. One and a half million wagon-loads were carried eastward over the Soviet rail networks, including 16 million Soviet citizens to man the factories. Almost half of Soviet industrial investment was devoted to restarting the transported factories and building new ones in the eastern territories. By 1942, these safe eastern zones supplied three quarters of all Soviet weapons and almost all iron and steel.
Worried by the possibility of American support after their entry into the war following the Attack on Pearl Harbor, and a potential Anglo-American invasion on the Western Front in 1942 (which would not actually happen until 1944), Hitler shifted his primary goal from an immediate victory in the East, to the more long-term goal of securing the southern Soviet Union to protect oil fields vital to a long-term German war effort. The German southern campaign began with a push to capture the Crimea which ended in disaster for the Red Army, and caused Stalin to issue a broad scolding of his generals' leadership. In their southern campaigns, the Germans took 625,000 Red Army prisoners in July and August 1942 alone. Feeling the Soviets were all but defeated, the Germans then began another southern operation in the fall of 1942, the Battle of Stalingrad, which would end up marking the beginning of a turning point in the war for the Soviet Union. Although the Soviets suffered in excess of 1.1 million casualties at Stalingrad, the victory over German forces, including the encirclement of 290,000 Axis troops, marked a turning point in the war. The Soviets repulsed the German strategic southern campaign and, although 2.5 million Soviet casualties were suffered in that effort, it permitted to Soviets to take the offensive for most of the rest of the war on the Eastern Front.
Without Soviet goods, from 1942 to the end of the war, German war efforts were severely hampered with Germany barely managing to scrape together enough reserves for a few more major offensives. In terms of supplies, oil was the main obstacle, with shortages in some places by the end of 1941 and forcing Germany to turn south to attempt to invade the oil-rich Caucuses in 1942. The Reich was forced to exist on a hand-to-mouth basis for oil, and the almost non-existent oil stocks completely disappeared by mid-1944 with the Allied bombers concentration on German synthetic fuel plants. For example, most German war aircraft sat idle, and air training for new pilots was cut to a mere one hour per week.
Food supplies also dwindled. The envisioned 5 million tons per year that was supposed to come from occupied lands after Barbarossa never materialized. In fact, Germany managed to ship only 1.5 million tons of grain from the region in the remaining four years of the war. Germany was forced to ration its use of manganese and other materials. However, it later was able to address the severe rubber shortages it faced with large amounts of synthetic production that began with plants coming on line starting in 1942, and used blockade breakers to get the 10-15% of natural rubber they needed for the expensive synthetic rubber process.
In total, as Hitler's generals had warned him, few raw materials were gained from the Soviet invasion. Over the entire four years of the war after Barbarossa, Germany managed to squeeze out only 4.5 billion Reichmarks of Soviet goods in total from occupied Soviet territories, a fraction of what Hitler thought it could gain.
Interestingly, Stalin was confident of victory even as Hitler's troops pressed the outskirts of Moscow in the fall and winter of 1941. In September 1941, Stalin told British diplomats that he wanted two agreements: (1) a mutual assistance/aid pact and (2) a recognition that, after the war, the Soviet Union would gain the territories in countries that it had taken pursuant to its division of Eastern Europe with Hitler in the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact. The British agreed to assistance but refused to agree upon the territorial gains, which Stalin accepted months later as the military situation deteriorated somewhat in mid-1942. In November 1941, Stalin rallied his generals in a speech given underground in Moscow, telling them that the German blitzkrieg would fail because of weaknesses on the German rear in Nazi-occupied Europe and the underestimation of the strength of the Red Army, such that Germany's war effort would crumble against the British-American-Soviet "war engine".
Fending off the German invasion and pressing to victory in the East required a tremendous sacrifice by the Soviet Union. Soviet military casualties totaled approximately 35 million (official figures 28.2 million) with approximately 14.7 million killed, missing or captured (official figures 11.285 million). Although figures vary, the Soviet civilian death toll probably reached 20 million. Millions of Soviet soldiers and civilians disappeared into German detention camps and slave labor factories, while millions more suffered permanent physical and mental damage. Economic losses, including losses in resources and manufacturing capacity in western Russia and Ukraine, were also catastrophic. The war resulted in the destruction of approximately 70,000 Soviet cities, towns and villages. Destroyed in that process were 6 million houses, 98,000 farms, 32,000 factories, 82,000 schools, 43,000 libraries, 6,000 hospitals and thousands of miles of roads and railway track.
Production during the Pact.
While Germany's population of 68.6 million people was the second largest in Europe, that was dwarfed by the 167 million in the Soviet Union. However, Germany over doubled the Soviet Union's real per capita Gross Domestic Product. During the Pact period, it generally outspent the Soviet Union over 2-to-1 in military spending as measured in 1990 dollars:

</doc>
<doc id="21475868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475868" title="Kiki Cutter">
Kiki Cutter

Christina "Kiki" Cutter (born July 24, 1949) is a former a World Cup alpine ski racer from the United States. She was the first American to win a World Cup event, a slalom race in Oslo, Norway, on February 25, 1968.
Although Cutter competed on the World Cup circuit for less than three years, her five career victories led the U.S. alpine team for eleven years, surpassed by Phil Mahre in 1979.
Early years.
Born in Bend, Oregon in 1949, Cutter learned to ski and race at Mount Bachelor, known as "Bachelor Butte" until 1983. She was one of six children of Dr. Robert Cutter and Jane Cutter, who relocated to Bend from the Midwest in 1948, and Kiki was the first in the family born in Oregon. Cutter was a junior racer at Mount Bachelor and gained recognition for her abilities; she won the U.S. junior downhill championship in 1967 at age 17.
Racing career.
Not originally on the World Cup or Olympic teams in 1968, Cutter, age 18, and Judy Nagel, age 16, were brought over to Europe in January, a few weeks ahead of the Olympics, to compete for berths on the U.S. Olympic team, which they both made. Cutter competed with the team at the Grenoble Olympics in 1968 and the World Championships in 1970. In the 1968 games, she placed higher than any American woman and was the only American woman to ski in all three events—slalom, giant slalom, and downhill. Following the Olympic competition, her rise to stardom continued in Norway, with her first World Cup victory at age 18. Cutter finished ninth in the overall standings in 1968. With three World Cup wins the next year (giant slalom at Oberstaufen, West Germany, and slalom victories at Mount St. Anne, Quebec, and Waterville Valley, New Hampshire), she finished fourth in the overall standings and second in slalom in 1969. Cutter won her fifth and final World Cup race at St. Gervais, France, in 1970. During her brief amateur career, Cutter had five World Cup victories, twelve podiums, and 25 top-10 finishes, all in the technical events, with one victory and two podiums in giant slalom and the rest in slalom. After the 1970 World Championships in mid-February, Cutter retired from international competition at age 20. She raced professionally on the Women's Pro Tour in North America for several years.
Personal life.
From 1968 to 1973, Cutter was married to Bob Beattie, coach of the U.S. Ski Team and later skiing promoter and television commentator.
Cutter participated in two nationally-televised women's Superstars competitions, where she placed third and fourth. She helped create the Kiki Cutter World Cup Ski Racing Scholarship in 1993 to help develop careers for youth ski racers.
Christina "Kiki" Cutter lives in Bend, Oregon. She is the founder, publisher, and president of the high-end lifestyle magazine periodical "Bend Living".

</doc>
<doc id="21475878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475878" title="Gli Orazi e i Curiazi">
Gli Orazi e i Curiazi

Gli Orazi e i Curiazi is an opera in three acts ("azione tragica") composed by Domenico Cimarosa to a libretto by Antonio Simeone Sografi, based on Pierre Corneille's tragedy "Horace".
History.
The opera was first staged on 26 December 1796 at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice, Italy . The première was so unsuccessful that Cimarosa, disappointed, decided to leave the town immediately. The run of the following performances, however, turned into a big success, as would happen twenty years later with Rossini’s "The Barber of Seville". At least 49 performances were held throughout the season and the opera was later staged in the major European theatres, including Teatro La Scala in Milan and Napoleon’s imperial court in Paris. In Europe during the 18th century Italian operas did not normally endure very long in theatres, hardly ever getting through one season. "Gli Orazi e i Curiazi", however, kept running for several decades, even after the death of Cimarosa. In Venice, for example, the opera had four further runs during the six years following the première and "more than 130 performances" altogether were staged in the same period.
The opera had several re-adaptations, among which Marcos António Portugal’s staged in 1798 is specially notable, and was also employed as the object of the parody "La prima prova dell'opera "Gli Orazi e i Curiazi"" by Francesco Gnecco on Giulio Artusi’s libretto – later to be renamed "La prova di un'opera seria" – which was also staged in Venice in 1803.
"Gli Orazi e i Curiazi" was very dear to Napoleon, especially in the Parisian performances of the singer Giuseppina Grassini who was for some time a lover of the Emperor, and of the castrato Girolamo Crescentini — both of whom had been the original creators of the major roles of "Horatia" and "Curiatius" in 1796. Grassini would almost always interpolate arias different from the original ones, mostly drawn from Portugal’s version.
The opera has been a matter of renewed interest in modern times with several stagings beginning from the Genoese Teatro dell’Opera Giocosa’s in 1983, which was also the first world recording, with Curiatius played by the soprano Daniela Dessì. Another notable revival took place at the "Teatro dell'Opera di Roma" in 1989 with the conductor Alan Curtis, Gianna Rolandi as Curiatius and Anna Caterina Antonacci as Horatia.
Artistic features.
"Gli Orazi e i Curiazi" is generally regarded as the best of the eleven opere serie produced by Cimarosa, even though the composer himself considered 1797's "Artemisia, regina di Caria" “"the most passable"” of his works. It represents the typical example, not so much of the second half of the 18th century’s "dramma per musica" in general, as that of the special kind of melodrama which was forced into fashion in the century’s last decade, following in the wake of revolutionary France’s military successes. The new fashion required melodrama to share in the new times by adequately exalting the republican virtues of ancient Rome. Rodolfo Celletti writes: "Cimarosa had already happened to occupy himself with Gaius Marius and Junius Brutus, but it was unintentionally. Now with "Orazi e Curiazi", and the following year with "Attilio Regolo", he was to give a more specific contribution to the exaltation of the republican myths". In the end, however, the composer still remained quite the same and according to Celletti it brought about the conclusion "that the opera hadn’t anything intimately tragic or really heroic. ... We have to consider everything according to the use it was conceived for. In "Oriazi e Curiazi", an archetype of the classicist and 'republican' drama between the end of the 18th and the beginning of the 19th century, we must see a kind of elegant evolutive operation in ultra-conservatism ... As to musical habit, the republican melodrama by Cimarosa and others was adorned with some more embellishment and accepted clangs of trumpets and some marches in order to remain, substantially, the one it had always been at the time of court theatres: a source of lyric effusions and not of epic ." The musicologist Francesco Florimo, Bellini’s friend, chanced to observe: "sometimes Cimarosa gives himself up to a more lyric than tragic affection, at other times to vocalisms and graces which can only be borne in the comic genre".
According to Celletti it is rather hard to claim "Gli Orazi e i Curiazi" as a masterpiece, as it is for such a large part of the second half of the 18th century’s Italian opera seria. "Domenico Cimarosa was the standard-bearer of our comic musical theatre and … it is clear that the comic operist not only prevails over the serious one but it rather often gets out of his control and inspires him". So it happens in the duet between Curiatius and Horatius that opens with "the solemnity of the typical duets of challenge ("Quando nel campo armata …")", only to pass soon, almost imperceptibly , "to the tenderness and the abandon of "A questi accenti adesso …"". Celletti says it is true for all the most noted pages of the opera, first of all Curiatius's "Quelle pupille tenere". The only possible exception is Oratius’s "Se alla patria ognor donai", which constitutes instead "an example of heroic aria for a tenor of buskined melodrama", which was to remain in full vogue till Rossini beginnings, "central range, periodical ascending intervals to give vigour and fit to the melody, short melismas or descending scales to strengthen its aulic expression, and intensification of the melismas when the Allegro "A voi tutti il vivo lampo" begins."
Celletti also says that Cimarosa got to give the best of his inspiration in the grand scene of the subterranean temple in act two: "An orchestral introduction, solemn and mysterious, is followed by other orchestral moments of a descriptive character that show how brilliantly certain operists of ours could catch the element either mysterious or fearful or horrid without imitating nature slavishly…; but in the meantime the beautiful recitatives of Curiatius and of Horatia and Curiatius’Andantino "Ei stesso intrepido" intersect, to come to the great resumption of the other solo voices and of the chorus ("Regni silenzio muto, profondo")."
The final furious duet between Marcus Horatius and Horatia is unusual in Metastasio melodrama, but was reported to be "greatly appreciated" by the public. In the première it was performed by two of the most imposing coeval singers: the young beautiful man-eater diva (and great cantatrice), Grassini, and the handsome heroic tenor Matteo Babini (or Babbini), who, besides being a cultured, most refined and expressive singer, could undoubtedly cut a worthy figure by her side, not surely lacking in "phisique du rôle" (he was tall, blond, slender and with a very fine countenance).
Cimarosa’s vocal writing is extremely measured, avoiding high tessitura, long vocalizations, acrobatics and excessive ornamentation — save, to a small extent, in Marcus Horatius’ heroic aria. Celletti comments on this "Cimarosa’s coloratura is one of those we can define as wide, opposed to the minute coloraturas of some baroque operists or of the Neapolitan period’s Rossini. Hence the performers have not the discretion but the duty of integrating the composer’s writing with variations, reductions and interpolation of cadenzas, especially in the "da capo"”.
Synopsis.
The action takes place in Rome during the war against the town of Alba Longa. The protagonists of the opera are two families, the Horatii from Rome and the Curiatii from Alba. In spite of the state of war the two families are connected as a girl from the Curiatii, Sabina, has married Marcus Horatius, the designate heir of the Roman family. During a truce in the war Horatius' daughter Horatia is in her turn given in marriage to her beloved Curiatius, leader of the Alban family. In order to avoid further major damage the two kings, Tullus Hostilius and Mettius Fufetius, reach an agreement to settle contention between the two towns through a limited encounter to the death between six champions, three from the Horatii and three from the Curiatii. The news of the agreement drives the two families to despair as the two sisters-in-law are doomed to weep over the death of either their husbands or their brothers.
In act two Horatia and Sabina, supported by the people and the priests, endeavour to prevent the abomination of a mortal challenge between relatives by swarming over the Campo Martio just as the struggle is about to start. They manage to wring a postponement in order to allow Apollo’s oracle to be consulted. Both families warriors accept this decision reluctantly. Act two ends in a grand scene in the vaults of Apollo’s temple: at first Curiatius and Horatia appear there alone, later they are joined by all the others and Curatius bewails the sad fate of those who are possibly going to shed their relatives' blood. Finally the oracle’s voice proclaims that the challenge must go on.
Act three is shorter than the others and is generally staged along with the act two. After a farewell scene between Curiatius and Horatia it shows the final encounter between Marcus Horatius, victorious in the fight, and his distressed sister. Horatia, rebelling against her fate, calls down curses from the gods upon her native town which has driven her husband to a bloody death and is in her turn slain by her furious ruthless brother and flung headlong down the staircase.

</doc>
<doc id="21475887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475887" title="A Spirit of the Sun">
A Spirit of the Sun

The series was adapted into a 2 episode anime by Madhouse Studios.
Anime.
Directed by Masayuki Kojima, Madhouse produced a 2 episode TV special adaptation of "A Spirit of The Sun", which was shown on WOWOW on September 17, 2006 and September 18, 2006, respectively. The anime was released in Germany by OVA films.
The ending theme of the anime is "The Power" by Kanon.
Reception.
"A Spirit of The Sun" received the 2006 Shogakukan Manga Award for the seinen/general category. It also received the grand prize for the comic category at the 10th Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21475891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475891" title="Bukit Selambau">
Bukit Selambau

Bukit Selambau is a small town in Kedah, Malaysia. It is located about 18 kilometres from Sungai Petani town.

</doc>
<doc id="21475904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475904" title="Gaspare Matcovich">
Gaspare Matcovich

Gaspare Matcovich (Fiume, 1797-1881), local leader of the Kossuthists in Fiume. Emarginated after 1867 the Deákist faction of Giovanni de Ciotta become dominant in Fiume. The clash between Liberalism and radicalism in Hungary continued in Fiume, since the Kossuthists survived with Antonio Walluschnig, and later Riccardo Zanella. 
Allegedly, he spent periods in England and Cuba, being involved with slave trade in the 1820s. Later, in 1820 he was employed at the Hanse bank in Trieste. He arrived in Fiume in 1823 as agent of Spiridione Gopcevich (1815 - 1861), powerful Serb merchant and ship owner. In 1823 Fiume was returned to Hungary and the prospects were growing. In 1827 Matcovich managed to sell the paper mill previously owned by A L Adamich to Walter Grafton Smith and Carl Meynier, that was to become a major fiuman industrial enterprise. In 1844 he become the director of the "Società della strada ferrata Vukovar-Fiume", the first railway society that had the plan of connecting Fiume with the Pannonian Plain, and was sponsored by Lajos Kossuth. 

</doc>
<doc id="21475911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475911" title="Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers">
Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers

The Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) is India's leading recognized professional society devoted to the advancement of science, technology, electronics, telecommunication and information technology. Founded in 1953, it serves more than 69,000 members through 59 centers/ sub centers primarily located in India (3 abroad) . The Institution provides leadership in scientific and technical areas of direct importance to the national development and economy.Association of Indian
Universities (AIU) has recognized AMIETE. Government of India has recognised IETE as a Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (SIRO) and also notified as an educational Institution of national eminence. The objectives of IETE focus on advancing electro-technology. The IETE conducts and sponsors technical meetings, conferences, symposia, and exhibitions all over India, publishes technical journals and provides continuing education as well as career advancement opportunities to its members.
IETE today, is one of the prominent technical education providers in India and
is fast expanding its wings across the country through its 61 Centres. Over the last 59 years, IETE has expanded its educational activities in areas
of Electronics, Telecommunications, Computer Science and Information Technology.
IETE conduct programmes leading to DipiETE equivalent to Diploma in Engineering,
AMIETE equivalent to B Tech, ALCCS equivalent to M Tech. IETE has also started Dual
Degree, Dual Diploma & Integrated programs from December 2011 .

</doc>
<doc id="21475912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475912" title="Ken Cameron">
Ken Cameron

Ken Cameron (born 1946, Tenterfield, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian film and television director. Cameron graduated from Sydney University with BA in 1968. He has won two AFI Awards for directing.

</doc>
<doc id="21475924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475924" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's discus throw">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's discus throw

The men's discus throw event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Wednesday, August 1, 1928.
Thirty-four discus throwers from 19 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
At first James Corson set a new Olympic record in the second round of the qualification with 47.00 metres. In the third round of the qualification Bud Houser bettered the Olympic record with 47.32 metres.
Results.
Qualification.
The best six discus throwers, all four groups counted together, qualified for the final. The throwing order is not available and the throwing series are only available for the best six throwers.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Final.
The final was held on the same day and started at 2 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="21475933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475933" title="Velike Žablje">
Velike Žablje

Velike Žablje () is a village on the southern edge of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Florian and belongs to the Koper Diocese. 

</doc>
<doc id="21475938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475938" title="Antonio Walluschnig">
Antonio Walluschnig

Antonio Walluschnig (Fiume, 1837–1911). In the context of the clash between Liberalism and radicalism in Hungary, after the death of Gaspare Matcovich, and together with Stanislao dall’Asta, local leader of the Kossuthists in Fiume. Later succeeded by Riccardo Zanella. From 1885 to 1896 President of the Club Alpino Fiumano.

</doc>
<doc id="21475951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475951" title="Parc archéologique et botanique de Solutré">
Parc archéologique et botanique de Solutré

The Parc archéologique et botanique de Solutré (13,000 m²) is an archaeological site and botanical garden maintained by the Musée départemental de Préhistoire, Solutré-Pouilly, Saône-et-Loire, Bourgogne, France. It is open daily but closed in December.
The park preserves one of the richest archaeological sites of prehistoric Europe: a hunting site used for more than 25,000 years during the Upper Paleolithic period, where hunters came to hunt and butcher thousands of horses and reindeer. Flint tools from this site have been termed "Solutrean style". It was first excavated in 1866, classified as a historic monument in 1942, transferred to the management of the Conseil général de Saône-et-Loire in 1993, and opened to the public in 2006.
The park contains a marked trail through the former hunting site, with eight information areas describing the natural environment, its plant species, and results of archaeological research to date. Described are geology, animals in prehistoric times, hunting techniques, the landscape in prehistoric times, the site's discovery and initial excavation, and contemporary excavations.
Many regional trees, shrubs, and plants are labeled, including "Acer campestre", "Fraxinus excelsior", "Juglans regia", "Prunus mahaleb", "Pyrus communis", "Quercus pubescens", and "Robinia pseudoacacia"; "Cornus sanguinea", "Hippocrepis emerus", "Ligustrum vulgare", "Prunus spinosa", "Ribes uva-crispa", "Rosa canina", and "Sambucus nigra"; "Aceras anthropophorum", "Campanula rotundifolia", "Clematis vitalba", "Crataegus monogyna", "Fragaria vesca", "Geranium dissectum", "Geranium molle", "Geranium robertianum", "Helleborus foetidus", "Himantoglossum hircinum", "Hypericum perforatum", "Rubia peregrina", "Rumex scutatus", "Sanguisorba minor", "Saponaria officinalis", "Seseli montanum", "Sedum album", "Sedum reflexum", and "Verbascum thapsus".

</doc>
<doc id="21475956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475956" title="St. Thomas Roman Catholic Church and Howard-Flaget House">
St. Thomas Roman Catholic Church and Howard-Flaget House

St. Thomas Roman Catholic Church and Howard-Flaget House is a historic Roman Catholic church and home located at Bardstown, Nelson County, Kentucky. The church is a brick, cross-shaped plan with a round apse. It was designed by Baltimore architect Maximilian Godefroy and built 1813-1816. It closely resembles Godefroy's earlier St. Mary's Seminary Chapel in Baltimore, another Sulpician church. St. Thomas is the oldest Roman Catholic church in Kentucky and considered "The Cradle of Catholicism in Kentucky."
St. Thomas Roman Catholic Church and Howard-Flaget House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21475992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475992" title="Nikolai Dmitriev-Orenburgsky">
Nikolai Dmitriev-Orenburgsky

Nikolai Dmitrjewitsch Dmitrjeff-Orenburgsky or Nikolaj Dmitrievic Dmitriev-Orenburgskij (1 November 1838, Nizhny Novgorod - 21 April 1898, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian painter. He spent 1875-1885 living and working in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21475994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475994" title="Prayer for the Nations">
Prayer for the Nations

Prayer for the Nations is a UK registered not-for-profit Christian charity. It was founded in 1991 by Rod and Julie Anderson
In 2005, an online prayer journey was launched.

</doc>
<doc id="21475997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21475997" title="One Eye to Morocco">
One Eye to Morocco

One Eye To Morocco is a solo album by Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan. The album material was written during the gap of Deep Purple's 2008 world tour, in the US. It was released on 6 March 2009 on Edel Records as CD, Limited Edition CD and Vinyl.
Background.
As Gillan himself tells, he was in the Jewish-quarter of Cracow listening to the related stories of Oscar Schindler when the voice faded – and then returned and somebody told him: 'Ah, Ian you have one eye to Morocco.' – It was Tommy Djiubinski. Ian didn't understand the meaning of this Polish idiom, until he was told the whole idiom: "To have one eye to Morocco and another to Caucasus". The idiom describes a cross-eyed, or wandering eye person. This idiom inspired Gillan to make another solo album, and the title for the album was set to "One Eye To Morocco."
Recording.
In spring 2008 there was a gap between Purple's World Tour, as bassist Roger Glover's mother had died, so Gillan returned to Buffalo to do something new. In a short period of time, with his former bandmate Steve Morris, Ian wrote more than thirty songs. The recording of album took place in Metalworks Studios, Mississauga, Ontario. Twelve songs were chosen for the album and all of them were recorded in just three days. Recording was mixed and engineerd by Nick Blagona, who has previously worked with Deep Purple and mixed Purple's reunion album " Perfect Strangers", as well as "The House of Blue Light" and "Slaves & Masters". Also guitarist Michael Lee Jackson contributed to the album.
Music style.
Ian Gillan said himself: 
"It was a conscious decision to avoid the use of a rock rhythm section and you will notice the complete absence of guitar and keyboard solos – we get the very best of all that from Deep Purple. So the instrumentation is perhaps more seductive than thrusting."
Formats.
One Eye To Morocco was released as CD, Vinyl LP and Limited Edition CD+Vinyl (Doppel CD).

</doc>
<doc id="21476016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476016" title="Dejan Kelhar">
Dejan Kelhar

Dejan Kelhar (born 5 April 1984 in Brežice) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a defender for Red Star Belgrade. So far he has played for eleven clubs in eight countries.
Club career.
Kelhar started playing football with NK Brežice, until he moved to Celje. He played there for two seasons in PrvaLiga. At the same time he played also for 2.SNL side NK Krško, because NZS regulations allowed to register youth players in two clubs from different league levels.
In 2004, Kelhar was transferred for €100.000 to SpVgg Greuther Fürth in the 2. Bundesliga. His transfer was not a big success and he returned to NK Publikum. On 31 January 2009, the last day before the closing of the winter transfer window, Kelhar signed a contract with Cercle Brugge.
In February 2011, he joined Legia Warszawa on two and a half year contract.
In July 2012, Kelhar joined Gabala of the Azerbaijan Premier League on a two year contract.
Kelhar's debut came on 4 August 2012 against Simurq in a game that also saw him score his first goal for the club after 15 minutes. Kelhar went on to play in 28 league and three Cup games for Gabala in his first season. Kelhar appeared seven times for Gabala in his second season before leaving in December 2013.
At the start of February 2014, Kelhar signed a six-month contract, with the option of another year, with Red Star Belgrade.
International career.
Kelhar made his debut for the national side in friendly match against Qatar on 3 March 2010 in Maribor.

</doc>
<doc id="21476057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476057" title="Lyons River">
Lyons River

The Lyons River is a river in the Gascoyne of Western Australia.
The headwaters of the Lyons rise just west of the Teano Range and flows south-west until it merges with the Gascoyne River of which it is a tributary. The two rivers meet near the township of Gascoyne Junction near the southern end of the Kennedy Range.
The first European to discover the river was explorer Francis Gregory in 1858, he named the river after the naval hero Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons.
The Lyons has 36 tributaries including; Edmund River, Frederick River, Onslow Creek, Gifford Creek, Koorabooka Creek and Ulura Creek.
Several permanent pools of water exist along the river including Cattle Pool, Windarrie Pool and Bubbawonnara Pool. 
The Lyons river is known as "Mithering" by the local Indigenous Australians the Malgaru people.

</doc>
<doc id="21476059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476059" title="Stefan Minkwitz">
Stefan Minkwitz

Stefan Minkwitz (born 1 June 1968 in Magdeburg) is a German former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21476062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476062" title="Feliu Ventura">
Feliu Ventura

Feliu Ventura (Xàtiva, 1976) is a singer-songwriter from the Valencian Community.
Ventura's music is on the boundary between modern music styles and folk, with lyrics addressing political and youth issues. He has collaborated with guitar player and record producer Borja Penalba, the band Obrint Pas and the Catalan singer-songwriter Lluís Llach.
In voting by the readers of the specialized magazine "Enderrock", Ventura won the award for best singer-songwriter of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21476074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476074" title="Nåt gammalt, nåt nytt, nåt lånat, nåt blått">
Nåt gammalt, nåt nytt, nåt lånat, nåt blått


</doc>
<doc id="21476079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476079" title="Battle of Arpachai">
Battle of Arpachai

The Battle of Arpachai was a battle on 18 June 1807 on the Akhurian River in Armenia during the Russo-Turkish War (1806–1812). It was fought between a 7,000-man Russian force under Count Gudovich and more than 20,000 Ottoman force under Yusuf Pasha. The offensive was repelled by Russian forces.

</doc>
<doc id="21476080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476080" title="Hellula hydralis">
Hellula hydralis

The Cabbage Centre Grub ("Hellula hydralis") is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found throughout Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
The larvae feed on "Brassica oleracea" and "Brassica napus".

</doc>
<doc id="21476084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476084" title="Ketnetpop">
Ketnetpop

Ketnetpop is a series of pop concerts organized and performed by former candidates from the Belgian preselections of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. The first edition which consisted of three concerts took place in April 2008; a second edition was held in April 2009, and a third edition in April 2010.
All concerts were performed in the "Zuiderkroon" in Antwerp. The Flanders children's television station Ketnet broadcasts both the preparations and the eventual concert. 
The first concerts in April 2008 were such a success, that an extra concert was given in addition to the three planned ones on June 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21476086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476086" title="We Are the People">
We Are the People

We Are the People may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21476092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476092" title="Lipogya eutheta">
Lipogya eutheta

Lipogya eutheta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476099" title="Chrysolarentia heteroleuca">
Chrysolarentia heteroleuca

Chrysolarentia heteroleuca is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="21476110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476110" title="Vipavski Križ">
Vipavski Križ

Vipavski Križ (; ) is a settlement on a small hill in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It is one of the historically most interesting places in the area. There is evidence of habitation on the hill in the pre-Roman period. The settlement was first mentioned in written documents dating to the 13th century. The houses in the village are clustered inside a defence wall around a castle from the late 15th century. It was built to protect the residents against Ottoman raids. In 1532 Vipavski Križ was declared a town. In 1636 a Capuchin monastery with a rich library was founded in the town and it is now open to visitors.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Križ" (literally, 'holy cross') to "Vipavski Križ" (literally, 'Vipava cross') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia’s postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms.
Parish church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Exaltation of the Cross and belongs to the Diocese of Koper.

</doc>
<doc id="21476120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476120" title="Aeolostoma scutiferana">
Aeolostoma scutiferana

Aeolostoma scutiferana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476135" title="Maria Ilieva">
Maria Ilieva

Maria Ilieva is a Bulgarian singer and producer recognized by some as the most successful female vocal artist of the contemporary Bulgarian music scene. Judge on the first and second seasons of X factor (Bulgaria).
Early life.
Maria Ilieva was born in Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria, in a family of renowned musicians. Her mother, Vanya Moneva, is the choir-master of the Cosmic Voices from Bulgaria choir and her father, Krasimir Iliev, is the conductor of Sofia Wind Orchestra. Trained pianist since the age of five, she developed her vocal skills as a member of the “Petko Stainov” Choir Academy.
Ilieva graduated from the elite Sofia High School of Mathematics. She proceeded to receive a Master’s degree in Insurance and a Master’s degree in International Relations.
Her career as a performing vocal artist started in the late 1990s, when she was the lead vocalist of the Kaffe Band – best known abroad for representing Bulgaria at the 2005 Eurovision Song Contest.
Music career.
2001: "Moon Dream".
The launch of Maria Ilieva’s solo career is marked by the release of her first single "Moon Dream" in the summer of 2001. The album (also titled "Moon Dream") was duly released later on in the year, having been described by a Bulgarian website as "a phenomenon in BG pop music".
Singles released from the album ("Moon Dream", "Nothing") have gone straight to No.1 in all leading Bulgarian radio and television pop charts, while "Alright" (produced in collaboration with the avant-garde soul-funk band "TE"), shot to fame by staying on the top of "Bulgarian Top 100" chart for an unprecedented 13 successive weeks.
2003: "Stereo Room".
Ilieva's next project, "Stereo Room", included remixes by Bulgarian DJs. The single "Stereo room" was the first completely animated Bulgarian music video produced.
2007: "I Come To You".
After establishing her own record label “MI Productions” in 2003, Maria Ilieva worked in collaboration with Bulgarian and American musicians, songwriters and producers to record her album "I Come To You", including:
Stereo Room - the record label.
In 2007 Maria Ilieva founded her new label to promote young Bulgarian talent called “Stereo Room”. This record label aims at producing and promoting young talented singers from Bulgaria. Special auditions took place in the beginning of 2008 and the first artist - Krista - was selected. Her debut single, ""Tova, koeto iskash"", went straight to #1 at all the national music charts and reached #2 on MTV Europe’s World Chart Express. The second artist produced by Stereo Room is B.O.Y.A.N. and his first single's ("It's Over") video premiere is on MAD TV on the 9th of February 2009.
Concerts.
Billed as a top star at all established regional international music festivals, Maria Ilieva has performed as the opening act for celebrated artists such as George Michael, Simple Minds, Dannii Minogue, Atomic Kitten, Garaj Mahal and more.
Ilieva has also performed alongside such greats as Simply Red, Scorpions, Glenn Hughes (Deep Purple), UB40, Gipsy Kings, Zucchero, Kim Wilde, Spike Edney’s All Star Band and Lou Bega.
Awards.
2014
2013
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2002–2003
2001–2002
Movies.
Maria Ilieva is also an accomplished actress, appearing in such Hollywood based films like:
Bulgarian movie productions include:
•2002 – “Emigrants” – A Boyana Cinema Production
Social engagements.
Apart from her music career, Maria Ilieva has been dedicated to a number of important social engagements and causes, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="21476138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476138" title="Harmannus Smith">
Harmannus Smith

Harmannus Smith (November 13, 1790 – July 1, 1872) was a physician, farmer and political figure in Ontario. He represented Wentworth in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1834 to 1836 as a Reformer and then in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1841 to 1851.
He was born in Louth Township, Upper Canada, the son of Joseph Smith, a United Empire Loyalist, and Anna Margaret House, the daughter of a United Empire Loyalist. He attended school in Niagara and then studied medicine with a Dr. Allen. Smith served in the militia during the War of 1812 as a private and then assistant surgeon. He lived in Barton Township and Ancaster Township. Smith married Elizabeth Fillman. He was elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for Burlington in 1856, serving until 1864. Smith also served as a member of the Medical Board for the province.

</doc>
<doc id="21476141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476141" title="Zygaena exulans">
Zygaena exulans

The Mountain (or Scotch) Burnet, Zygaena exulans, is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
This species exist in mountainous areas in Central Europe, Scotland, Scandinavia and Northern Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476143" title="Capua euphona">
Capua euphona

Capua euphona is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476148" title="För sent för Edelweiss">
För sent för Edelweiss


</doc>
<doc id="21476154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476154" title="Michael John Whelan">
Michael John Whelan

Michael John Whelan (born 1977 in Dublin) is an Irish photographic, video, film and installation artist.
Whelan studied at the Dún Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design and Technology (1998-2002) and Chelsea College of Art and Design (2003-2004). In 2005 he won the Clifford Chance Sculpture Award. 
Recent exhibitions include: Flood, Dublin; Museum Bochum; Grey Noise, Dubai; KunstFestSpiele Herrenhausen, Hannover; Boetzelaer Nispen, London; Noorderlicht, Groningen; Kunstverein Bochum; Kunstverein Dortmund.
He is represented by Grey Noise, Dubai and Boetzelaer Nispen, Amsterdam.
In 2009 Whelan published the book "Red Sky Morning", argobooks Berlin. (ISBN 978-3-00-026043-8) 

</doc>
<doc id="21476159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476159" title="Federal Air Transport Agency">
Federal Air Transport Agency

The Federal Air Transport Agency (), also known as Rosaviatsiya (), is the Russian government agency which is responsible for overseeing the civil aviation industry in Russia. Its headquarters are in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="21476173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476173" title="Isotenes miserana">
Isotenes miserana

The Orange Fruit Borer ("Isotenes miserana") is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Northern Territory, Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
The larvae are considered a pest for flowers and fruit of a wide variety of agricultural plants and fruit trees, including Citrus sinensis, Persea americana, Macadamia integrifolia, Litchi chinensis, Vitis vinifera and Morus species.

</doc>
<doc id="21476195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476195" title="Simon Christian Hammer">
Simon Christian Hammer

Simon Christian Hammer (1866 – 1932) is a Norwegian writer and journalist.
He was born in Arendal in the county of Aust-Agder, Norway. He became editor-in-chief of "Stavangeren" in 1893, and later worked at "Farmand", "Verdens Gang" and "Tidens Tegn". He was also the Norwegian correspondent for "The Times" from 1917 to 1932. He published several history books.

</doc>
<doc id="21476197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476197" title="Bill Jaques">
Bill Jaques

Bill Jaques also known as Jacques (born 8 December 1888 in Erith, Kent –died 1925) was a professional footballer who played for Gravesend United, Coventry City and Tottenham Hotspur.
Football career.
Jaques signed for Tottenham from Coventry in 1914. The reliable goal keeper played a total of 138 matches in all competitions for the club between 1914–1922. He was a regular in the Second Division championship winning side of 1919–20.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur

</doc>
<doc id="21476200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476200" title="Meritastis lythrodana">
Meritastis lythrodana

Meritastis lythrodana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Australia, including Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="21476202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476202" title="Nikita Demidov">
Nikita Demidov

Nikita Demidov (full name Nikita Demidovich Antufiev; 5 April 1656 — 28 November 1725) was a Russian industrialist who founded the Demidov industrial dynasty.
Peter I of Russia charged the enterprising blacksmith Nikita with casting cannon for his many military expeditions and he was ennobled with name Demidov for having strongly supported the tsar's activities. In 1699 he set up Nevyansk's first iron foundry and in 1725 discovered mines at Kolivan (Kolyban), whose exploitation enriched him. A museum is devoted to him in Tula.
Life.
The founder of the Demidov family, he was born at Tula, the son of Demid Antufiev (1624–1664), a free blacksmith from Tula. Nikita began as a blacksmith himself and was put in charge of producing muskets and halberds (of which he was the main supplier) for the Russian Army by Tsar Peter the Great. Conceded many privileges, Nikitia built one of Russia's first metallurgical factories at Tula between 1694 and 1696. This produced the first Russian iron to rival English- and Swedish-produced iron for quality.
In 1699, Nikita built a new factory at Yekaterinburg. He then opened Siberia's first iron mine at Kolyban. In 1702 the Tsar granted him permission to change his name to Demidov and put a new foundry in the Urals under his command - it became Russia's first true armaments factory. Between 1716 and 1725 Nikita built four new metallurgical factories in the Urals. During Russia's Great Northern War against Sweden (1700–1721), the Demidov factories became the main supplier to the Russian army, supplying cannons, pistols, swords and other munitions, producing them twice as fast and twice as cheaply as the competition and thus making a decisive contribution to the Russian victory. On 21 September he was ennobled by Tsar Peter the Great in reward for his services.
He died in his home town of Tula.
Nikita Demidov had three definitely-attested children (and a possible fourth): 

</doc>
<doc id="21476206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476206" title="Sciaphila debiliana">
Sciaphila debiliana

Sciaphila debiliana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476211" title="Karanjgaon">
Karanjgaon

Karanjgaon is a village situated on the bank of river Godavari in Niphad Taluka, Nashik District.
Karanjgaon's latitude and longitude coordinates are given as 20° 4' 60" N, 74° 7' 0" E or 19° 58' 60" N, 73° 47' 60" E.
The village has a green carpet all around it.
History.
Karanjgaon is the village of freedom fighter "Anna Dange", founder of the marksvadi communist party.
It also has an old fort-type building called the "Jijamata Gadhi".
The main source of income there is farming.
The village.
The place becomes a pilgrimage center during the festivals of "Gudi Padva" and "Maagh Paurnima". This is the main market place for nearer village.
Tuesday is the market day of the village.
The population is about 7500. The Grampalika is a well equipped one floor building .
There are lots of temples situated in the village such as the temple of lord Rama, Khanderao, agnimata,Shiv mahadev.
Diffident type of function e.g. "Harinam Saptah" at Hanuman and Ram temple are also carried out during specific period.

</doc>
<doc id="21476226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476226" title="Višnje, Ajdovščina">
Višnje, Ajdovščina

Višnje () is a village southeast of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476242" title="Impressionisten">
Impressionisten

Impressionisten ('The Impressionist') was a Norwegian periodical, published by people belonging to the Bohemianist group in Kristiania.
It was first published in December 1886. The first editor-in-chief was Christian Krohg, and the most prolific contributor was Hans Jæger, although the latter was imprisoned during parts of the existence of the periodical. However, after a fresh start, the issues eventually became few and far between. The eighth issue came in February 1889, and contained the infamous Nine Bohemianist Commandments. The ninth and last issue was released in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="21476250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476250" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's shot put">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's shot put

The men's shot put event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Sunday, July 29, 1928.
Twenty-two shot putters from 14 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
At first Herman Brix set a new Olympic record in the first round of the qualification with 15.75 metres. In the second round of the final John Kuck set a new world record with 15.87 metres.
Results.
Qualification.
The best six shot putters qualified for the final. The throwing order is not available and the throwing series are only incompletely available for the best six throwers.
Group 1
Group 2
Final.
The final was held on the same day and started at 2 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="21476252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476252" title="Vodice, Ajdovščina">
Vodice, Ajdovščina

Vodice () is a small dispersed settlement in the hills east of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476260" title="Prokofi Akinfiyevich Demidov">
Prokofi Akinfiyevich Demidov

Prokofi Akinfiyevich Demidov (1710–1786) was a Russian industrialist and philanthropist. 
The eldest son of Akinfiy Demidov, Prokofi inherited the enormous Demidov family fortune on his father's death in 1745. He gave freely to charitable works, founding an orphanage and a scientific institute in Moscow and a school of commerce in Saint Petersburg, as well as financing the opera in Saint Petersburg and hundreds of people's schools and philanthropic institutions across Russia.
His eccentricities were famous and, because he thought he had been deceived by British merchants during a stay in England, one day he bought all the available hemp to "teach the English a lesson". Even so he managed to increase the family fortune so that, on his death, he owned 55 foundries and metallurgical factories. His tomb is in the Donskoy Monastery.
Demidov was interested in botany, wrote a treatise on bees, collected a herbarium, and had a number of birds caged in his house. A catalogue of his plants was prepared by Peter Simon Pallas. His manuscript of Kirsha Danilov's folk songs is preserved in the Russian National Library.

</doc>
<doc id="21476269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476269" title="Świątniki Małe">
Świątniki Małe

Świątniki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately six kilometers (4 mi) southeast of Mieleszyn, twelve kilometers (7 mi) north of Gniezno, and fifty-one kilometers (32 mi) northeast of the regional capital of Poznań.

</doc>
<doc id="21476270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476270" title="Elio Martusciello">
Elio Martusciello

Elio Martusciello (born 23 November 1959, Naples, Italy) is an Italian experimental music composer and performer, principally on guitar and computer. He has studied photography with Mimmo Jodice and visual art with Carlo Alfano, Armando De Stefano and Rosa Panaro. He is a self-taught musician/composer and teaches "electronic music" at Conservatory of Music, Cagliari, Italy. His compositional aesthetics are derived from acousmatic issues, but in addition to acousmatic composition he composes for instruments and live electronics, sound installation, multi-media works, audiovisual art and computer music improvisation. He currently lives in Rome, Italy.
Main collaborations.
He has worked with improvising musicians such as Ana-Maria Avram, Natasha Barrett, Eugene Chadbourne, Alvin Curran, Chris Cutler, Iancu Dumitrescu, Michel Godard, Tim Hodgkinson, Thomas Lehn, Lawrence D. "Butch" Morris, Jerome Noetinger, Tony Oxley, Roberto Paci Dalo, Evan Parker, Giancarlo Schiaffini, Mario Schiano, Z'EV, and others.
Bands.
Ossatura 
with Fabrizio Spera and Luca Venitucci 
Schismophonia
with Mike Cooper 
Taxonomy 
with Graziano Lella and Roberto Fega 
Bindou ensemble
with Ana-Maria Avram, Chris Cutler, Rhodri Davies, Iancu Dumitrescu and Tim Hodgkinson 
Le pecore di Dante 
with Tim Hodgkinson 
DA
with Paganmuzak
Xubuxue
with Pietro D'Agostino, Marco Ariano and Gianfranco Tedeschi
Selected Discography and videography.
E. e M. Martusciello: meta-harmonies (Staalplaat, 1995)
Ossatura: dentro (Recommended Records, 1998)
Ossatura: verso (Recommended Records, 2002) 
Aesthetics of the machine (bowindo, 2003)
Unoccupied areas (Recommended Records, 2005)
Taxonomy: A Global Taxonomycal Machine (Ambiances Magnétiques, 2005) 
Taxonomy: 10 Taxonomical Movements (Ambiances Magnétiques, 2008)
To extend the visibility (Recommended Records, 2009)
Concrete songs (TiConZero, 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="21476275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476275" title="Thrinchophora lignigerana">
Thrinchophora lignigerana

Thrinchophora lignigerana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476282" title="Capua intractana">
Capua intractana

Capua intractana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="21476285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476285" title="Grand Duchy of Moscow">
Grand Duchy of Moscow

The Grand Duchy of Moscow (), or Grand Principality of Moscow (also known in English simply as Muscovy), was a late medieval Rus' principality centered on Moscow and the predecessor state of the early modern Tsardom of Russia. 
The state originated with Daniel I, who inherited Moscow in 1283, eclipsing and eventually absorbing its parent duchy of Vladimir-Suzdal by the 1320s. It later destroyed and annexed the Novgorod Republic in 1478 and the Grand Duchy of Tver in 1485. The Grand Duchy of Moscow expanded through conquest and annexation from just 20,000 square kilometers in 1300 to 430,000 in 1462, 2.8 million in 1533, and 5.4 million by 1584. 
Muscovy remained a tributary to the Golden Horde (under the "Tatar Yoke") until 1480. Ivan III further consolidated the state during his 43-year reign, campaigning against his major remaining rival power, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and by 1503 he had tripled the territory of Muscovy, adopting the title of tsar and claiming the title of "Ruler of all Rus'". By his marriage to the niece of the last Byzantine emperor, he established Muscovy as the successor state of the Roman Empire, the "Third Rome".
Ivan's successor Vasili III also enjoyed military success, gaining Smolensk from Lithuania in 1512, pushing Muscovy's borders to the Dniepr River. Vasili's son Ivan IV (later known as "Ivan the Terrible") was an infant at his father's death in 1533. He was crowned in 1547, assuming the title of tsar together with the proclamation of Tsardom of Russia ().
Origin.
When the Mongols invaded the lands of Kievan Rus', Moscow was an insignificant trading outpost in the principality of Vladimir-Suzdal. Although the Mongols burnt down Moscow in the winter of 1238 and pillaged it in 1293, the outpost's remote, forested location offered some security from Mongol attacks and occupation, and a number of rivers provided access to the Baltic and Black Seas and to the Caucasus region.
More important to the development of the state of Moscow, however, was its rule by a series of princes who collaborated with the Mongols. The first ruler of the principality of Moscow, Daniel I (d. 1303), was the youngest son of Alexander Nevsky of Vladimir-Suzdal. He started to expand his principality by seizing Kolomna and securing the bequest of Pereslavl-Zalessky to his family. Daniel's son Yuriy (also known as Georgiy) controlled the entire basin of the Moskva River and expanded westward by conquering Mozhaisk. He then forged an alliance with the overlord of the Rus' principalities, Uzbeg Khan of the Golden Horde, and married the khan's sister. He was allowed by the khan to claim the title of Grand Duke of Vladimir-Suzdal, a position which allowed him to interfere in the affairs of the Novgorod Republic to the north-west.
Yuriy's successor, Ivan I (r. 1325–40), managed to retain the title of Grand Duke by cooperating closely with the Mongols and collecting tribute and taxes from other Rus' principalities on their behalf. This relationship enabled Ivan to gain regional ascendancy, particularly over Moscow's chief rival, the northern city of Tver, which rebelled against the Horde in 1327. The uprising was subdued by the joint forces of Mongols and Muscovites. Ivan was reputed to be the richest person in Rus', as his moniker "Kalita" (literally, the "moneybag") testifies. He used his treasures to purchase land in other principalities and to finance construction of stone churches in the Kremlin. In 1327, the Orthodox Metropolitan Peter transferred his residence from Kiev to Vladimir and then to Moscow, further enhancing the prestige of the new principality.
Dmitri Donskoi.
Ivan's successors continued gathering the lands of Rus' to increase the population and wealth under their rule. In the process, their interests clashed with the expanding Grand Duchy of Lithuania, whose subjects were predominantly East Slavic and Orthodox. Grand Duke Algirdas of Lithuania allied himself by marriage with Tver and undertook three expeditions against Moscow (1368, 1370, 1372) but was unable to take it. The main bone of contention between Moscow and Vilnius was the large city of Smolensk.
In the 1350s, the country and the royal family were hit by the Black Death. Dmitry Ivanovich was aged nine, when his parents died and the title of Grand Duke slipped into the hands of his distant relative, Dmitry of Suzdal. Surrounded by Lithuanians and Muslim nomads, the ruler of Moscow cultivated an alliance with the Rus' Orthodox Church, which experienced a resurgence in influence, due to the monastic reform of St. Sergius of Radonezh.
Educated by Metropolitan Alexis, Dmitri posed as a champion of Orthodoxy and managed to unite the warring principalities of Rus' in his struggle against the Horde. He challenged the Khan's authority and defeated his commander Mamai in the epic Battle of Kulikovo (1380). However, the victory did not bring any short-term benefits; Tokhtamysh in 1382, sacked Moscow hoping to reassert his vested authority over his vassal, the Grand Prince, and his own Mongol hegemony, killing 24,000 people.
Nevertheless, Dmitri became a national hero. The memory of Kulikovo Field made the Rus' population start believing in their ability to end Tatar domination and become a free people. Dmitri successfully overcame the stigma of collaborating with the Tatars which had been attached to Moscow for decades. In 1389, he passed the throne to his son Vasily I without bothering to obtain the Khan's sanction.
Vasily I and Vasily II.
Vasily I (r. 1389–1425) continued the policies of his father. After the Horde was attacked by Tamerlane, he desisted from paying tribute to the Khan, but was forced to pursue a more conciliatory policy after Edigu's incursion on Moscow in 1408. Married to the only daughter of the Grand Duke Vytautas of Lithuania, he attempted to avoid open conflicts with his powerful father-in-law, even when the latter annexed Smolensk. The peaceful years of his long reign were marked by the continuing expansion to the east (annexation of Nizhny Novgorod and Suzdal, 1392) and to the north (annexation of Vologda, Veliky Ustyug, and Perm of Vychegda, 1398). Nizhny Novgorod was given by the Khan as a reward for Muscovite help against a rival.
The reforms of St. Sergius triggered a cultural revival, exemplified by the icons and frescoes of the monk Andrei Rublev. Hundreds of monasteries were founded by St. Sergius's disciples in distant and inhospitable locations, including Beloozero and Solovki. Apart from their cultural function, these monasteries were major landowners. They could control the economy of an adjacent region. In fact they served as outposts of Moscow influence in the neighboring principalities and republics. Another factor responsible for the expansion of the Grand Duchy of Moscow was its favorable dynastic situation, when each sovereign was succeeded by his son, while rival principalities were plagued by dynastic strife and splintered into ever smaller polities. The only lateral branch of the House of Moscow, represented by Vladimir of Serpukhov and his descendants, was firmly anchored to the Moscow Duchy.
The situation changed with the ascension of Vasily I's successor, Vasily II (r. 1425–62). Before long his uncle, Yuri of Zvenigorod, started to advance his claims to the throne and Monomakh's Cap. A bitter family conflict erupted and rocked the country during the whole reign. After Yuri's death in 1432, the claims were taken up by his sons, Vasily Kosoy and Dmitry Shemyaka, who pursued the Great Feudal War well into the 1450s. Although he was ousted from Moscow on several occasions, taken prisoner by Olug Moxammat of Kazan, and blinded in 1446, Vasily II eventually managed to triumph over his enemies and pass the throne to his son. At his urging, a native bishop was elected as Metropolitan of Moscow, which was tantamount to declaration of independence of the Russian Orthodox Church from the Patriarch of Constantinople (1448).
Ivan III.
Outward expansion of the Grand Duchy in the 14th and 15th centuries was accompanied by internal consolidation. By the 15th century, the rulers of Moscow considered the entire Rus' territory their collective property. Various semi-independent princes of Rurikid stock still claimed specific territories, but Ivan III (the Great; r. 1462–1505) forced the lesser princes to acknowledge the grand prince of Moscow and his descendants as unquestioned rulers with control over military, judicial, and foreign affairs.
Moscow gained full sovereignty over a significant part of the ethnically Rus' lands by 1480, when the Tatars' Golden Horde overlordship ended officially after the "Great standing on the Ugra river", and by the beginning of the 16th century virtually all those lands were united, including the Novgorod Republic (annexation of 1478) and the Grand Duchy of Tver (annexation of 1485). Through inheritance, Ivan was able to control the important Principality of Ryazan, and the princes of Rostov and Yaroslavl' subordinated themselves to him. The northwestern city of Pskov consisting of city and few lands surrounding it remained independent in this period, but Ivan's son, Vasili III (r. 1505–33), later conquered it.
Having consolidated the core of Russia under his rule, Ivan III became the first Moscow ruler to adopt the titles of tsar and ""Ruler of all Rus'"". Ivan competed with his powerful northwestern rival Lithuania for control over some of the semi-independent former principalities of Kievan Rus' in the upper Dnieper and Donets river basins. Through the defections of some princes, border skirmishes, and a long, inconclusive war with Lithuania that ended only in 1503, Ivan III was able to push westward, and Moscow state tripled in size under his rule.
The reign of the Tsars started officially with Ivan the Terrible, the first monarch to be crowned Tsar of Russia, but in practice it started with Ivan III, who completed the centralization of the state (traditionally known as "the gathering of the Russian lands") at the same time as Louis XI did the same in France.
Court.
The court of the Moscow princes combined ceremonies and customs inherited from Kievan Rus with those imported from the Byzantine Empire and Golden Horde. Some traditional Russian offices, like that of tysyatsky and veche, were gradually abolished in order to consolidate power in the hands of the ruling prince. A new elaborate system of court precedence, or "mestnichestvo", predicated the nobleman's rank and function on the rank and function of his ancestors and other members of his family. The highest echelon of hereditary nobles was composed of boyars. They fell into three categories:
Rurikid and Gediminid boyars, whose fathers and grandfathers were independent princelings, felt that they were kin to the grand prince and hence almost equal to him. During the times of dynastic troubles (such as the years of Ivan IV's minority), boyardom constituted an internal force which was a permanent threat to the throne. An early form of the monarch's conflict with boyarstvo was the "oprichnina" policy of Ivan the Terrible.
During such conflicts, Ivan, Boris Godunov, and some later monarchs felt the necessity to counterbalance the boyardom by creating a new kind of nobility, based on personal devotion to tsar and merits earned by faithful service, rather than by heredity. Later these new nobles were called "dvoryans" (singular: dvoryanin). The name comes from the Russian word "dvor" in the meaning of "tsar's dvor", i.e., The Court. Hence the expression "pozhalovat ko dvoru", i.e., to be called to (serve) The Court.
Assessment.
The development of the modern day Russian state is traced from Kievan Rus' through Vladimir-Suzdal and Moscow Duchy to Tsardom of Russia, and then, the Russian Empire. The Moscow Duchy drew people and wealth to the northeastern part of Kievan Rus'; established trade links to the Baltic Sea, the White Sea, and the Caspian Sea and to Siberia; and created a highly centralized and autocratic political system. The political traditions established in Muscovy, therefore, exerted a powerful influence on the future development of Russian society.

</doc>
<doc id="21476291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476291" title="Luitpoldkaserne">
Luitpoldkaserne

The Luitpoldkaserne, originally Luftschifferkaserne, was a kaserne at "Infanteriestraße 19" in Munich, Germany, which was built after 1896 to accommodate the air skippers unit of the Bavarian army, which was disposed in 1890.
History.
The small barracks were built together with other military facilities in the North of the old town near the Oberwiesenfeld artillery training area in the end of the 19th century. In 1931/32 the facility was increased. After World War II the barracks were shortly used and rebuilt by the United States forces, and were used afterwards by the Bundeswehr from 1955 until 1999. In 1957 the Sanitätstruppenschule des Heeres ("Army Medical School", later "Bundeswehr Medical School") moved to the barracks. In 1980 the follow-on institution moved to the Ernst-von-Bergmann-Kaserne. Other users were the Bundeswehrfachschule Munich, a professional school and predecessor of the Bundeswehrfachschule-/Zivile Aus- und Weiterbildungsbetreuungsstelle B München (BwFachS-/ZAW-BeSt B MCH), and the recruitment center of the Bundeswehr for the region of southern Germany.
In 1999 the facility was abandoned. While waiting for a decision of further use, most of the buildings were rented to civilian companies. The Bundeswehrfachschule stood in the Luitpold-Kaserne until 2005, when it moved to a rented object at "Edmund-Rumpler-Straße 9". In 2004 the city of Munich bought the area, and plans to cover it with residential and commercial buildings at long sight. A plan for a housing area initiated by the Deutscher Werkbund was declined by the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21476293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476293" title="Isochorista ranulana">
Isochorista ranulana

Isochorista ranulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476301" title="Asthenoptycha iriodes">
Asthenoptycha iriodes

Asthenoptycha iriodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476306" title="Passage of the Tonelero">
Passage of the Tonelero

The Passage of the Tonelero was a battle fought near the cliff of Acevedo, in the west bank of the Paraná River, Argentina, on 17 December 1851, between the Argentine Army commanded by Lucio Norberto Mansilla and Brazilian warships led by John Pascoe Grenfell.
The battle.
In 17 December 1851, the Brazilian fleet commanded by Grenfell was near the cliff of Acevedo in the river Paraná, with the intention to break through the Argentine defenses of Tonelero pass. There were eight Brazilian warships: four steam corvettes, "Dom Pedro", "Dom Pedro II", "Dom Pedro and Recife", that towed two sailing corvettes, "Dona Francisca" and "União", plus a brig, "Calíope". On board Grenfell's flagship, "Dom Afonso", were Brigadier General Marques de Sousa and the Argentines Colonel Wenceslao Paunero, Lieutenant-Colonel Bartolomé Mitre and Lieutenant-Colonel Domingo Faustino Sarmiento. The ships ferried half of the troops that composed the 1st Division of Imperial Infantry. The rest of the division was waiting at Colonia del Sacramento, Uruguay.
To oppose the passage, there were 16 cannons and 2,000 soldiers commanded by Lucio Norberto Mansilla, son-in-law of the leader of the Argentine Confederation, Juan Manuel de Rosas. For one hour the Argentines fired more than 450 cannon rounds in the direction of the Brazilian ships, causing little damage, but killing four sailors and wounding other five. The warships counterattacked, without causing major damage to the Argentine forces, killing eight soldiers and wounding twenty. The squadron landed the troops at Diamante, Entre Ríos and part of the ships returned to bring the other battalions that stayed behind in Colonia. Mansilla believed that the Brazilian division was going to land right on his main position.
He fled along with his men, leaving all the artillery and other equipment behind.

</doc>
<doc id="21476315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476315" title="Vrtovče">
Vrtovče

Vrtovče () is a small village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476338" title="Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov">
Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov

Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov (1738–1821) was a Russian traveller and patron of scientific education. He was from the Demidov family.
Life.
A grandson of Nikita Demidov, in 1755 he created the mineralogical museum in Moscow (now known as the Vernadsky State Geological Museum or the Museum of Earth History), in 1803 the Demidov Lyceum at Yaroslavl, and in 1805 the Demidov Scientific Institute at Saint Petersburg. He was also the founder of the University of Tobolsk, Moscow's Botanical Gardens (the Neskuchny Gardens), the Demidov chair in Natural history at Moscow University and an annual prize for Russian literature, awarded by the Academy of Sciences. In total, he gave 1.1 million roubles to scientific institutions. The bronze Demidovsky Pillar was set up as a memorial to him at Yaroslavl in 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="21476352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476352" title="Normans">
Normans

The Normans (in French: ""; in Latin ") were the people who gave their name to Normandy, a region in northern France. They were descended from Viking conquerors of the territory and the native Merovingian culture formed from Germanic Franks and the Roman Gauls (see Gallo-Roman culture). Their identity emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century, and gradually evolved over succeeding centuries.
The Normans played a major political, military, and cultural role in medieval Europe and even the Near East. They were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their Christian piety. They quickly adopted the Romance language of the land they settled, their dialect becoming known as Norman, Normand or Norman French, an important literary language. The Duchy of Normandy, which they formed by treaty with the French crown, was one of the great fiefs of medieval France. The Normans are famed both for their culture, such as their unique Romanesque architecture, and their musical traditions, as well as for their military accomplishments and innovations. Norman adventurers established a kingdom in Sicily and southern Italy by conquest, and a Norman expedition on behalf of their duke, William the Conqueror, led to the Norman conquest of England. Norman influence spread from these new centres to the crusader states in the Near East when Bohemond I established the Principality of Antioch in the First Crusade, to Scotland, England and Wales in Great Britain and to Ireland.
Etymology.
The English name "Normans" comes from the French words "Normans"/"Normanz", plural of "Normant", modern French "normand", which is itself borrowed from Old Low Franconian "Nortmann" "Northman" or directly from Old Norse "Norðmaðr", Latinized as "Nortmannus" (recorded in Medieval Latin, 9th century) to mean "Norseman, Viking".
Characteristics.
The 11th century Benedictine monk and historian, Goffredo Malaterra, characterised the Normans thus:
Their quick adaptability expressed itself in the shrewd Norman willingness to take on local men of talent, to marry the high-born local women; confidently illiterate Norman masters used the literate clerks of the church for their own purposes.
Anna Komnene, the daughter of Byzantine Emperor Alexios I Komnenos, described the Norman prince Bohemond I of Antioch:
Normandy.
The Duchy of Normandy began in 911 as a fief established in the former kingdom of Neustria by the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and Rollo, leader of the Norse. The treaty granted Rollo and his soldiers all the land between the river Epte and the sea, corresponding to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy down to the Seine, but the Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the Seine. The territory was roughly equivalent to the old church province of Rouen and reproduced the Roman administrative structure of "Gallia Lugdunensis II" (part of the former "Gallia Lugdunensis"). At first its population did not differ from Picardy or the Île-de-France, considered "Frankish". Viking settlers had begun arriving in the 880s. They were divided between colonies in the east (Roumois and Pays de Caux) around the low Seine valley and in the west in the Cotentin Peninsula and separated by traditional "pagii", where the population remained about the same with almost no foreign settlers. The Viking contingents who raided and ultimately settled Normandy and some parts of the Atlantic coast included Danes, Norwegians, Norse–Gaels, Orkney Vikings as well as Anglo-Danes from the English Danelaw under Viking control.
In the course of the 10th century, the initial destructive incursions of Norse war bands into the rivers of France evolved into permanent encampments that included women and personal property. Norse religion was replaced with Christianity and the Gallo-Romance language of the local people. The small groups of Vikings that settled there adopted the language and culture of the French majority into their own customs to create a unique "Norman" culture. The Norman language was forged by the adoption of the indigenous "langue d'oïl" branch of Romance by a Norse-speaking ruling class, and it developed into the regional language that survives today.
The Normans adopted the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of northern France and worked them into a functional hierarchical system in Normandy and in England. The Norman warrior class was new and different from the old French aristocracy, most of whom could trace their families back to the Franks of Carolingian times. Most knights remained poor and land-hungry; by 1066, Normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation. Knighthood before the Crusades provided little social status, simply indicating a professional warrior wealthy enough to own a war horse. Many Normans of France and Britain would eventually serve as avid Crusaders.
Conquests and military offensives.
In Italy.
Opportunistic bands of Normans successfully established a foothold in Southern Italy (the "Mezzogiorno"). Probably the result of returning pilgrims' stories, the Normans entered the "Mezzogiorno" as warriors in 1017 at the latest. In 999, according to Amatus of Montecassino, pilgrims returning from Jerusalem called in at the port of Salerno when a Saracen attack occurred. The Normans fought so valiantly that Prince Guaimar III begged them to stay, but they refused and instead offered to tell others back home of the prince's request. William of Apulia tells that, in 1016, pilgrims to the shrine of the Archangel Michael at Monte Gargano were met by Melus of Bari, a Lombard freedom-fighter, who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the Byzantine rule, which they did.
The two most prominent families to arrive in the Mediterranean were descendants of Tancred of Hauteville and the Drengot family, of whom Rainulf Drengot received the county of Aversa, the first Norman toehold in the south, from Duke Sergius IV of Naples in 1030. The Hauteville family achieved princely rank by proclaiming Prince Guaimar IV of Salerno "Duke of Apulia and Calabria". He promptly awarded their elected leader, William Iron Arm, with the title of count with his capital of Melfi. Soon the Drengots had attained unto the principality of Capua, and the Henry III, Holy Roman Emperor had legally ennobled the Hauteville leader, Drogo, as "dux et magister Italiae comesque Normannorum totius Apuliae et Calabriae" (Duke and Master of Italy and Count of the Normans of all Apulia and Calabria) in 1047.
From these bases, the Normans eventually captured Sicily and Malta from the Moslem Saracens, under the famous Robert Guiscard, a Hauteville, and his young brother Roger the Great Count. Roger's son, Roger II, was crowned king in 1130 (exactly one century after Rainulf was "crowned" count) by Antipope Anacletus II. The Kingdom of Sicily lasted until 1194, when it was transferred to the House of Hohenstaufen through marriage.
The Normans left their mark however in the many castles, such as the Iron Arm's fortress at Squillace, and cathedrals, such as Roger II's at Cefalù, which dot the landscape and give a wholly distinct architectural flavour to accompany its unique history. Institutionally, the Normans combined the administrative machinery of the Byzantines, Arabs, and Lombards with their own conceptions of feudal law and order to forge a unique government. Under this state, there was great religious freedom, and alongside the Norman nobles existed a meritocratic bureaucracy of Jews, Muslims and Christians, both Catholic and Eastern Orthodox.
In Byzantium.
Soon after the Normans began to enter Italy, they entered the Byzantine Empire and then Armenia, fighting against the Pechenegs, the Bulgars, and especially the Seljuk Turks. Norman mercenaries were first encouraged to come to the south by the Lombards to act against the Byzantines, but they soon fought in Byzantine service in Sicily. They were prominent alongside Varangian and Lombard contingents in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces in 1038–40. There is debate whether the Normans in Greek service actually were from Norman Italy, and it now seems likely only a few came from there. It is also unknown how many of the "Franks", as the Byzantines called them, were Normans and not other Frenchmen.
One of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general was Hervé in the 1050s. By then however, there were already Norman mercenaries serving as far away as Trebizond and Georgia. They were based at Malatya and Edessa, under the Byzantine duke of Antioch, Isaac Komnenos. In the 1060s, Robert Crispin led the Normans of Edessa against the Turks. Roussel de Bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in Asia Minor with support from the local population, but he was stopped by the Byzantine general Alexius Komnenos.
Some Normans joined Turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the Armenians vassal-states of Sassoun and Taron in far eastern Anatolia. Later, many took up service with the Armenian state further south in Cilicia and the Taurus Mountains. A Norman named Oursel led a force of "Franks" into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria. From 1073 to 1074, 8,000 of the 20,000 troops of the Armenian general Philaretus Brachamius were Normans—formerly of Oursel—led by Raimbaud. They even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle: Afranji, meaning "Franks." The known trade between Amalfi and Antioch and between Bari and Tarsus may be related to the presence of Italo-Normans in those cities while Amalfi and Bari were under Norman rule in Italy.
Several families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration, when Byzantine emperors were seeking out western European warriors. The Raoulii were descended from an Italo-Norman named Raoul, the Petraliphae were descended from a Pierre d'Aulps, and that group of Albanian clans known as the Maniakates were descended from Normans who served under George Maniaces in the Sicilian expedition of 1038.
Robert Guiscard, an other Norman adventurer previously elevated to the dignity of count of Apulia as the result of his military successes, ultimately drove the Byzantines out of southern Italy. Having obtained the consent of pope Gregory VII and acting as his vassal, Robert continued his campaign conquering the Balkan peninsula as a foothold for western feudal lords and the Catholic Church. After allying himself with Croatia and the Catholic cities of Dalmatia, in 1081 he led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of Albania, capturing Valona, Kanina, Jericho (Orikumi), and reaching Butrint after numerous pillages. They joined the fleet that had previously conquered Corfu and attacked Dyrrachium from land and sea, devastating everything along the way. Under these harsh circumstances, the locals accepted the call of emperor Alexius I Comnenus to join forces with the Byzantines against the Normans. The Albanian forces could not take part in the ensuing battle because it had started before their arrival. Immediately before the battle, the Venetian fleet had secured a victory in the coast surrounding the city. Forced to retreat, Alexius ceded the command to a high Albanian official named Comiscortes in the service of Byzantium. The city's garrison resisted until February 1082, when Dyrrachium was betrayed to the Normans by the Venetian and Amalfitan merchants who had settled there. The Normans were now free to penetrate into the hinterland; they took Ioannina and some minor cities in southwestern Macedonia and Thessaly before appearing at the gates of Thessalonica. Dissension among the high ranks coerced the Normans to retreat to Italy. They lost Dyrrachium, Valona, and Butrint in 1085, after the death of Robert.
A few years after the First Crusade, in 1107, the Normans under the command of Bohemond, Robert's son, landed in Valona and besieged Dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time, but to no avail. Meanwhile, they occupied Petrela, the citadel of Mili at the banks of the river Deabolis, Gllavenica (Ballsh), Kanina and Jericho. This time, the Albanians sided with the Normans, dissatisfied by the heavy taxes the Byzantines had imposed upon them. With their help, the Normans secured the Arbanon passes and opened their way to Dibra. The lack of supplies, disease and Byzantine resistance forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign and sign a peace treaty with the Byzantines in the city of Deabolis.
The further decline of Byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185, when a large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium, owing to the betrayal of high Byzantine officials. Some time later, Dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the Adriatic—fell again to Byzantine hands.
In England.
The Normans were in contact with England from an early date. Not only were their original Viking brethren still ravaging the English coasts, they occupied most of the important ports opposite England across the English Channel. This relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of Emma, sister of Duke Richard II of Normandy, and King Ethelred II of England. Because of this, Ethelred fled to Normandy in 1013, when he was forced from his kingdom by Sweyn Forkbeard. His stay in Normandy (until 1016) influenced him and his sons by Emma, who stayed in Normandy after Cnut the Great's conquest of the isle.
When finally Edward the Confessor returned from his father's refuge in 1041, at the invitation of his half-brother Harthacnut, he brought with him a Norman-educated mind. He also brought many Norman counsellors and fighters, some of whom established an English cavalry force. This concept never really took root, but it is a typical example of the attitudes of Edward. He appointed Robert of Jumièges archbishop of Canterbury and made Ralph the Timid earl of Hereford. He invited his brother-in-law Eustace II, Count of Boulogne to his court in 1051, an event which resulted in the greatest of early conflicts between Saxon and Norman and ultimately resulted in the exile of Earl Godwin of Wessex.
In 1066, Duke William II of Normandy conquered England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings. The invading Normans and their descendants replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class of England. The nobility of England were part of a single Normans culture and many had lands on both sides of the channel. Early Norman kings of England, as Dukes of Normandy, owed homage to the King of France for their land on the continent. They considered England to be their most important holding (it brought the title of King—an important status symbol). King Richard I (the Lionheart) though is often thought to epitomise a medieval English King; he spent more time in Aquitaine or on Crusade than in England.
Eventually, the Normans merged with the natives, combining languages and traditions. In the course of the Hundred Years' War, the Norman aristocracy often identified themselves as English. The Anglo-Norman language became distinct from the Latin language, something that was the subject of some humour by Geoffrey Chaucer. The Anglo-Norman language was eventually absorbed into the Anglo-Saxon language of their subjects (see Old English) and influenced it, helping (along with the Norse language of the earlier Anglo-Norse settlers and the Latin used by the church) in the development of Middle English. It in turn evolved into Modern English.
In Ireland.
The Normans had a profound effect on Irish culture and history after their invasion at Bannow Bay in 1169. Initially the Normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity. Yet, with time, they came to be subsumed into Irish culture to the point that it has been said that they became "more Irish than the Irish themselves." The Normans settled mostly in an area in the east of Ireland, later known as the Pale, and also built many fine castles and settlements, including Trim Castle and Dublin Castle. Both cultures intermixed, borrowing from each other's language, culture and outlook. Norman descendants today can be recognised by their surnames. Names such as French, (De) Roche, Devereux, D'Arcy, Treacy and Lacy are particularly common in the southeast of Ireland, especially in the southern part of County Wexford where the first Norman settlements were established. Other Norman names such as Furlong predominate there. Another common Norman-Irish name was Morell (Murrell) derived from the French Norman name Morel. Other names beginning with Fitz (from the Norman for son) indicate Norman ancestry. These included Fitzgerald, FitzGibbons (Gibbons) dynasty, Fitzmaurice. Other families bearing such surnames as Barry(De Bara) and De Búrca (Burke) are also of Norman extraction.
In Scotland.
One of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror, Edgar Atheling, eventually fled to Scotland. King Malcolm III of Scotland married Edgar's sister Margaret, and came into opposition to William who had already disputed Scotland's southern borders. William invaded Scotland in 1072, riding as far as Abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships. Malcolm submitted, paid homage to William and surrendered his son Duncan as a hostage, beginning a series of arguments as to whether the Scottish Crown owed allegiance to the King of England.
Normans came into Scotland, building castles and founding noble families who would provide some future kings, such as Robert the Bruce as well as founding some of the Scottish clans. King David I of Scotland, whose elder brother Alexander I had married Sybilla of Normandy, was instrumental in introducing Normans and Norman culture to Scotland, part of the process some scholars call the "Davidian Revolution". Having spent time at the court of Henry I of England (married to David's sister Maud of Scotland), and needing them to wrestle the kingdom from his half-brother Máel Coluim mac Alaxandair, David had to reward many with lands. The process was continued under David's successors, most intensely of all under William the Lion. The Norman-derived feudal system was applied in varying degrees to most of Scotland. Scottish families of the names Bruce, Gray, Ramsay, Fraser, Ogilvie, Montgomery, Sinclair, Pollock, Douglas and Gordon to name but a few, and including the later royal House of Stewart, can all be traced back to Norman ancestry.
In Wales.
Even before the Norman Conquest of England, the Normans had come into contact with Wales. Edward the Confessor had set up the aforementioned Ralph as earl of Hereford and charged him with defending the Marches and warring with the Welsh. In these original ventures, the Normans failed to make any headway into Wales.
Subsequent to the Conquest, however, the Marches came completely under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons, including Bernard de Neufmarché, Roger of Montgomery in Shropshire and Hugh Lupus in Cheshire. These Normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of Wales was at some point subject to Norman interference. Norman words, such as "baron" ("barwn"), first entered Welsh at that time.
On crusade.
The legendary religious zeal of the Normans was exercised in religious wars long before the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality in Antioch. They were major foreign participants in the Reconquista in Iberia. In 1018, Roger de Tosny travelled to the Iberian Peninsula to carve out a state for himself from Moorish lands, but failed. In 1064, during the War of Barbastro, William of Montreuil led the papal army and took a huge booty.
In 1096, Crusaders passing by the siege of Amalfi were joined by Bohemond of Taranto and his nephew Tancred with an army of Italo-Normans. Bohemond was the "de facto" leader of the Crusade during its passage through Asia Minor. After the successful Siege of Antioch in 1097, Bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city. Tancred was instrumental in the conquest of Jerusalem and he worked for the expansion of the Crusader kingdom in Transjordan and the region of Galilee.
Anglo-Norman conquest of Cyprus.
The conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces of the Third Crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island, which would be under Western European domination for the following 380 years. Although not part of a planned operation, the conquest had much more permanent results than initially expected.
In April 1191 Richard Cœur de Lion, with a large fleet, left Messina in order to reach Acre. But a storm dispersed the fleet. After some searching, it was discovered that the boat carrying his sister and his fiancée Berengaria was anchored on the south coast of Cyprus, together with the wrecks of several other ships, including the treasure ship. Survivors of the wrecks had been taken prisoner by the island's despot Isaac Komnenos. On 1 May 1191, Richard's fleet arrived in the port of Limassol on Cyprus. He ordered Isaac to release the prisoners and the treasure. Isaac refused, so Richard landed his troops and took Limassol.
Various princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time, in particular Guy de Lusignan. All declared their support for Richard provided that he support Guy against his rival Conrad of Montferrat. The local barons abandoned Isaac, who considered making peace with Richard, joining him on the crusade, and offering his daughter in marriage to the person named by Richard. But Isaac changed his mind and tried to escape. Richard then proceeded to conquer the whole island, his troops being led by Guy de Lusignan. Isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains, because Richard had promised that he would not place him in irons. By 1 June, Richard had conquered the whole island. His exploit was well publicized and contributed to his reputation; he also derived significant financial gains from the conquest of the island. Richard left for Acre on 5 June, with his allies. Before his departure, he named two of his Norman generals, Richard de Camville and Robert de Thornham, as governors of Cyprus.
While in Limassol, Richard married Berengaria of Navarre, first-born daughter of King Sancho VI of Navarre. The wedding was held on 12 May 1191 at the Chapel of St. George and it was attended by Richard's sister Joan, whom he had brought from Sicily. The marriage was celebrated with great pomp and splendor. Among other grand ceremonies was a double coronation: Richard caused himself to be crowned King of Cyprus, and Berengaria Queen of England and Queen of Cyprus as well.
The rapid Anglo-Norman conquest proved more important than it seemed. The island occupied a key strategic position on the maritime lanes to the Holy Land, whose occupation by the Christians could not continue without support from the sea. Shortly after the conquest, Cyprus was sold to the Knights Templar and it was subsequently acquired, in 1192, by Guy de Lusignan and became a stable feudal kingdom. It was only in 1489 that the Venetians acquired full control of the island, which remained a Christian stronghold until the fall of Famagusta in 1571.
Culture.
Architecture.
Norman architecture typically stands out as a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued. They spread a unique Romanesque idiom to England and Italy, and the encastellation of these regions with keeps in their north French style fundamentally altered the military landscape. Their style was characterised by rounded arches, particularly over windows and doorways, and massive proportions.
In Italy, the Normans incorporated elements of the Islamic, Lombard, and Byzantine architecture into their own, initiating a style known as Sicilian Romanesque. In England, the period of Norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the Anglo-Saxon and precedes the Early Gothic.
Visual arts.
In the visual arts, the Normans did not have the rich and distinctive traditions of the cultures they conquered. However, in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform, encouraging the Cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits, especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts. The church was utilised by the dukes as a unifying force for their disparate duchy. The chief monasteries taking part in this "renaissance" of Norman art and scholarship were Mont-Saint-Michel, Fécamp, Jumièges, Bec, Saint-Ouen, Saint-Evroul, and Saint-Wandrille. These centres were in contact with the so-called "Winchester school", which channeled a pure Carolingian artistic tradition to Normandy. In the final decade of the 11th and first of the 12th century, Normandy experienced a golden age of illustrated manuscripts, but it was brief and the major scriptoria of Normandy ceased to function after the midpoint of the century.
The Wars of Religion in the 16th century and French Revolution in the 18th successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of this Norman creativity. The former, with their violence, caused the wanton destruction of many Norman edifices; the latter, with its assault on religion, caused the purposeful destruction of religious objects of any type, and its destabilisation of society resulted in rampant pillaging.
By far the most famous work of Norman art is the Bayeux Tapestry, which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery. It was commissioned by Odo, the Bishop of Bayeux and first Earl of Kent, employing natives from Kent who were learned in the Nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the Danish Vikings.
In Britain, Norman art primarily survives as stonework or metalwork, such as capitals and baptismal fonts. In southern Italy, however, Norman artwork survives plentifully in forms strongly influenced by its Greek, Lombard, and Arab forebears. Of the royal regalia preserved in Palermo, the crown is Byzantine in style and the coronation cloak is of Arab craftsmanship with Arabic inscriptions. Many churches preserve sculptured fonts, capitals, and more importantly mosaics, which were common in Norman Italy and drew heavily on the Greek heritage. Lombard Salerno was a centre of ivorywork in the 11th century and this continued under Norman domination. Finally should be noted the intercourse between French Crusaders traveling to the Holy Land who brought with them French artefacts with which to gift the churches at which they stopped in southern Italy amongst their Norman cousins. For this reason many south Italian churches preserve works from France alongside their native pieces.
Music.
Normandy was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century. Fécamp Abbey and Saint-Evroul Abbey were centres of musical production and education. At Fécamp, under two Italian abbots, William of Volpiano and John of Ravenna, the system of denoting notes by letters was developed and taught. It is still the most common form of pitch representation in English- and German-speaking countries today. Also at Fécamp, the staff, around which neumes were oriented, was first developed and taught in the 11th century. Under the German abbot Isembard, La Trinité-du-Mont became a centre of musical composition.
At Saint Evroul, a tradition of singing had developed and the choir achieved fame in Normandy. Under the Norman abbot Robert de Grantmesnil, several monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy, where they were patronised by Robert Guiscard and established a Latin monastery at Sant'Eufemia. There they continued the tradition of singing.

</doc>
<doc id="21476353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476353" title="Etiella behrii">
Etiella behrii

Etiella behrii is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia and most of Australia.
The wingspan is about 10 mm.
The larvae are considered an agricultural pest on Arachis hypogaea, Chamaecytisus prolifer, Lupinus nanus, Medicago sativa, Pisum sativum and Glycine species.

</doc>
<doc id="21476359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476359" title="Young NTUC">
Young NTUC

Young NTUC (Chinese: 职总青年团) is the youth wing of the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) and was formed on 30 April 2005 and launched in the same month by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. Young NTUC represents working adults aged 35 years and below, and currently has a membership base of more than 180,000, making it the largest youth movement in Singapore. Young NTUC reaches out to young workers in Singapore, engaging them through workplace representation, causes and social sustainability issues.
Young NTUC’s office is currently located at NTUC Centre, One Marina Boulevard.
Objectives of Young NTUC.
Young NTUC focuses on the outreach, engagement and nurturing of youths to ensure the continued dynamism and relevance of the Labour Movement. Through various platforms of interaction with young union leaders, members and the community, the vision and values of the Labour Movement are imparted to them. 
Engagement is done through the organization of activities at the workplace and in the community. Events and activities are centred on the strategic imperatives of Decent Wages, Advocacy, Fairness; Society, Environment and Space. Besides organizing key large-scale outreach events like RUN 350 and Young NTUC Celebrates! National Day annually for youths, Young NTUC encourages activists to initiate their own activities, providing guidance and resources for their passion.
Vision.
To be the largest and most vibrant youth movement in Singapore, with youths who are active in a purposeful way.
Mission.
A movement for young workers striving for: Fair and Just Opportunities, Sustainable Progress for All
Engagement of members.
Young NTUC engages her members through two main avenues; unions and cause-based groups that promote shared causes and interests. 
Most of the 61 NTUC-affiliated unions have their own Youth Chapters. Each Chapter operates independently and organises social events to promote interaction among co-workers. Young NTUC also organises many activities for the leaders of Youth Chapters to network such as the Young NTUC Workplan Seminar, which is held annually to discuss workplace issues and global trends.
Youths who do not have a union at their workplaces are given resources to form cause-based or interest-based groups under the Team Young NTUC (TYN) banner. Each affinity group is formed and managed by members. TYN affinity groups give members an opportunity to pursue their varied causes and interests. 
These are some of the affinity groups:
Activities.
Each Young NTUC event is designed to positively value-add either to self, family, community or world while raising the visibility of the Labour Movement.
National Level Programmes.
Young NTUC organises 2 National Level Programmes annually: NTUC Income RUN 350, Organised by Young NTUC and Young NTUC Celebrates! National Day. 
Each programme allows for high visibility and mass outreach of thousands of youths.
350 Singapore.
350 Singapore was founded by Young NTUC in March 2010. It is the Singapore chapter to the global 350 movement. 
350 is widely believed by many scientists to be the safe upper limit of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Measured in parts per million (ppm), the measurement today reads 390ppm. Which is why the earth is heating up it seems.
To raise awareness on the need to lower the carbon level in the atmosphere back down to 350ppm, 350 Singapore aims to encourage Singaporeans to find out how they can contribute through our programmes. Here are the group's past activities:
RUN 350.
RUN 350 is organized annually in support of the global 350 movement which aims to reduce carbon emissions. Some 1,000 Young NTUC members and friends took part in the inaugural run held at Pulau Ubin in 2010. The event was held on a larger scale at the Marina Bay area for over 7,200 runners in 2011. In its 3rd year running, RUN 350 gained a stronger public interest and participation in Singapore with 10,000 runners who took part in the run on 22 April 2012 at The Float@Marina Bay. A new category – the 21 km competitive run was introduced to expand the reach of the eco message.
In 2013, the event signed on a record turnout, totaling 11,000 runners.
Funds raised from the event were also used to further the environmentalism cause through the Garden City Fund's Plant-A-Tree (PAT) program which seeks to reforest the nation.
350 on the Streets.
Held on 22 May 2010, International Day of Biodiversity, 350 on the Streets was organized to create awareness of the need to reduce carbon emissions. Volunteers went onto the streets of Orchard Road to encourage members of the public to adopt a single eco-friendly act to do their part for the environment.
Coastal Clean-Up.
Young NTUC organises regular clean-ups at Singapore's beaches, clearing litter from the coastal shoreline. Keeping beaches litter-free protects marine wildlife from the dangers of water pollution and promotes a healthy eco-balance in the seas.
Earth Hour 2011.
Held in conjunction with worldwide efforts to create awareness about climate change, Young NTUC gathered volunteers at Wisma Atria, Orchard Road to promote Earth Hour efforts to the public. Volunteers shared about the perils of climate change and collected signatures and pledges from the public.
Find us at: www.350singapore.com
Young NTUC Celebrates! National Day.
Young NTUC, on behalf of the Labour Movement of Singapore has been organizing Young NTUC Celebrates! National Day since 2007. This companion event to the annual National Day Parade signifies the Labour Movement being a co-owner of Singapore’s development since independence.
Members gather each year to view the live telecast of the parade together and also enjoy performances put up by p. L.a.Y!. This celebration has grown from strength to strength, from 8,667 in 2007 to more than 9,000 in 2012.
In 2007, 9000 participants formed the largest human Singapore flag using red and white umbrellas. In 2008, the feat was re-attempted with 12,288 participants. This time, inflatable red and white paddles were used to form the day flag and LED lights strobes were used to form the night flag. These achievements were recorded in the Singapore Book of Records. For the 2009 National Day Celebrations, 10,200 participants attended the event at the Padang. Candles were lit and the National Pledge was recited exactly at 8.22 pm at the “Pledge Moment”. In 2010, the celebration took place for the first time at The Promontory@Marina Bay while 2011’s celebration broke the nation record for the largest human Singapore flag formed at Padang with 13,000 participants. 
In 2012, it was a picturesque moment when over 9,000 participants lit up the candles to signify the ‘Celebration of Unity’ at The Promontory@Marina Bay. ‘Celebration of Unity’ is a traditional candlelight moment that invokes a sense of inclusiveness and solidarity, where Singaporeans come together in celebrating the nation’s independence as one.
Youth Lab.
Young NTUC Youth Lab is the leadership development incubator of Young NTUC and its objective is to provide platforms for the next generation of young union leaders to learn and grow in.
Leaders come from two main pipelines: unions and general branch members. Youth leaders from the unions are usually nominated by their unions for development and represent their unions’ Youth Chapters. Youth Lab organises various levels of development programmes under its framework to nurture them.
For general branch members, their development paths will follow the causes and/or interest they represent. For example, an activist involved in environmental sustainable efforts may be able to form a community of people passionate about environmental sustainable development. He will be nurtured to be the opinion leader of the group and therefore act as their leader.
Coffeeshop Talk.
The Young NTUC Coffeeshop Talk was conceived with the aim of gathering real feelings at the ground level and to receive feedback from Singaporeans. Conducted in an informal kopitiam setting, the sessions allow participants to be engaged in discussions with policy-makers to talk about current issues and concerns.
The topics discussed by guests so far include:
Uth! Campus.
Uth! Campus is a special program for young working adults. Through team-building and knowledge-sharing activities, members get to interact and have fun while gaining a clearer understanding of the role of NTUC in the Labour Movement.
The 5 Values of Uth! Campus are

</doc>
<doc id="21476362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476362" title="Lukas Van Eenoo">
Lukas Van Eenoo

Lukas Van Eenoo () (born 6 February 1991) is a Belgian professional football player. He is a central midfielder who currently plays for Oud-Heverlee Leuven, on loan from Cercle Brugge.
Van Eenoo made his debut for the first team of Cercle Brugge during the Bruges derby against Club Brugge. He was a substitute for Honour Gombami. Van Eenoo also played for various Belgian national youth teams. On 22 July 2010, he scored his first senior team goal in a UEFA Europe League qualifying match against Turun Palloseura, thereby securing a place for his team in the third round of qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="21476366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476366" title="Jim Fuller (outfielder)">
Jim Fuller (outfielder)

James Hardy Fuller (November 28, 1950 in Bethesda, Maryland) is a former professional baseball player. He played two seasons with the Baltimore Orioles and one season with the Houston Astros. He was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 2nd round of the 1970 amateur draft. In three season he played 107 games and compiled a .194 career batting average with 11 home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="21476402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476402" title="Carl Hewitt">
Carl Hewitt

Carl Eddie Hewitt is Board Chair of the International Society for Inconsistency Robustness. He has been a Visiting Professor at Stanford University and Keio University. In 2000, he became emeritus in the EECS department at MIT.
Hewitt is known for his design of Planner. This was the first programming language based on procedural plans invoked using pattern-directed invocation from assertions and goals. Planner was influential in the development of both logic programming and object-oriented programming. He is also known for his work on the Actor model of concurrent computation, which influenced the development of the Scheme programming language and the π calculus, and served as an inspiration for several other programming languages. His publications also include contributions in the areas of open information systems, organizational and multi-agent systems,
logic programming, concurrent programming languages, direct inference and client cloud computing. His Erdős number is 3 (by two different co-authors).
Education and career.
Hewitt obtained his PhD in mathematics at MIT in 1971, under the supervision of Seymour Papert, Marvin Minsky, and Mike Paterson. Hewitt started his employment at MIT in 1971. He retired from the faculty of the MIT Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science during the 1999-2000 school year. Among the doctoral students that Hewitt supervised during his time at MIT are Professor Gul Agha, Dr. Russell Atkinson, Dr. Henry Baker, Dr. Gerald Barber, Dr. Peter Bishop, Dr. Gene Ciccarelli, Professor William Clinger, Dr. Peter de Jong, Dr. Michael Freiling, Dr. Irene Greif, Dr. Kenneth Kahn, Dr. William Kornfeld and Professor Akinori Yonezawa.
From September 1989 to August 1990, Hewitt was the "IBM Chair Visiting Professor" in the Department of Computer Science at Keio University in Japan.
Research.
Hewitt's research has spanned a range of topics generally concerning the Procedural Embedding of Knowledge.
Planner.
The Planner language was developed during the late 1960s as part of Hewitt's doctoral research in MIT's Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. Hewitt's work on Planner introduced the notion of the "procedural embedding of knowledge", which was an alternative to the logical approach to knowledge encoding for artificial intelligence pioneered by John McCarthy. Planner has been described as "extremely ambitious". A subset of Planner called Micro-Planner was implemented at MIT by Gerry Sussman, Drew McDermott, Eugene Charniak and Terry Winograd and was used in Winograd's SHRDLU program, Charniak's natural language story understanding work, and L. Thorne McCarty's work on legal reasoning. Planner was almost completely implemented in Popler by Julian Davies at Edinburgh, where (together with earlier work at Edinburgh on Pico-Planner by Bruce Anderson) it influenced Robert Kowalski and Pat Hayes in the development of ideas that later became Prolog. Planner also influenced the later development of other AI research languages such as Muddle and Conniver, as well as the Smalltalk object-oriented programming language. Planner's seminal influence has been cited by John McCarthy and Nils Nilsson.
Hewitt's own work on Planner continued with Muddle (later called MDL), which was developed in the early 1970s by Sussman, Hewitt, Chris Reeve, and David Cressey as a stepping-stone towards a full implementation of Planner. Muddle was implemented as an extended version of Lisp, and introduced several features that were later adopted by Conniver, Lisp Machine Lisp, and Common Lisp. However, in late 1972 Hewitt abruptly halted his development of the Planner design in his thesis, when he and his graduate students invented the Actor model of computation.
Actor model.
Hewitt's work on the Actor model of computation has spanned over 30 years, beginning with the introduction of the model in a 1973 paper authored by Hewitt, Peter Bishop, and Richard Steiger, and including new results on Actor model semantics published as recently as 2006. Much of this work was carried out in collaboration with students in Hewitt's Message Passing Semantics Group at MIT's Artificial Intelligence Lab.
Sussman and Steele developed the Scheme programming language in an effort to gain a better understanding of the Actor model. However, their Scheme interpreter was not capable of fully implementing the Actor model because Actor customers cannot be implemented as lambda calculus continuations and Actors can change their local state in a way that is impossible in the lambda calculus A number of programming languages were developed to specifically implement the Actor model, such as ACT-1, SALSA, Caltrop, E and ActorScript. The Actor model also influenced the development of the π-calculus. (See Actor model and process calculi history.)
Client cloud computing.
In recent years, Hewitt's research has concentrated on the area of client cloud computing in which computing is performed in client clouds and information is stored encrypted in data centers so that it can be decrypted only using the client's private key. His work on privacy aspects has been featured in O'Reilly Media. He has also worked on client cloud information integration.

</doc>
<doc id="21476408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476408" title="Type A submarine">
Type A submarine

The was a class of submarine in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN), which served during the Second World War. The "Type-A" submarines were built to take a role of the command ships for submarine squadrons. For this reason they had equipment for a headquarters, better radio facilities and a floatplane.
Class variants.
The "Type-A" submarines were divided into four sub types: 
"Type-A" ("I-9" class).
Project number S35Ja. Their design was based on the "Junsen III" ("I-7" class). Three boats were built in 1938-42 under the Maru 3 Programme (Boat # 35 - 36) and Maru 4 Programme (Boat # 138).
"Type-A Mod.1" ("I-12" class).
Project number S35B. Five boats were planned under the Maru Tsui Programme (Boat # 620 - 621) and the Kai-Maru 5 Programme (Boat # 5091 - 5093). They were equipped with less powerful diesel engines which shortened the time needed to build them. Only one boat, the "I-12", was completed to the original design. The "I-13" and the later boats were converted to a new submarine class ("I-13" class), because the number of "I-400" class boats was reduced.
"Type-A Mod.2" ("I-13" class).
Project number S35C. Four boats were planned under the Maru Tsui Programme (Boat # 621) and the Kai-Maru 5 Programme (Boat # 5091 - 5093). However, four boats were converted to new submarine class ("I-13" class), because a number of submarines of the "I-400" class were cancelled. They had a large hangar and were equipped with bulges to be able to operate 2 × special Aichi M6A1 "Seiran" attack bombers. The headquarters institutions were removed.
"V21 Type".
Project number S48. Three boats were planned under the Kai-Maru 5 Programme. However, all boats were cancelled in late 1943, because the IJN turned its attention to the construction of in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="21476411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476411" title="Tymbophora peltastis">
Tymbophora peltastis

Tymbophora peltastis is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
The larvae feed on "Eucalyptus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="21476422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476422" title="Stefano Ittar">
Stefano Ittar

Stefano Ittar (c. 1730 - 1789) was a Polish-Italian architect.
Biography.
Ittar was born in Ovruch (then Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, now Ukraine), where his father, a member of one of Italy's aristocratic families the Guidone de Hittar, had fled following a disagreement with the Grand Duke of Tuscany.
While Ittar was still young his family moved to Rome, where under the patronage of Cardinal Alessandro Albani Ittar later studied architecture at this time influenced in Rome by the concepts of Francesco Borromini.
After a brief period in Spain Ittar settled in Catania in 1765. Catania had largely recovered from the damage caused by the earthquake of 1693, largely due to the efforts of the city architect Giovanni Battista Vaccarini, who had rebuilt vast tracts of the city in Baroque style, such as the area around the Cathedral. It was at this time Ittar met Don Ignazio Paternò, Prince of Biscari who at this time was reconstructing the massive Palazzo Biscari. The Prince of Biscari one of the richest and most cultivated of Sicily's many aristocrats was to become Ittar's patron for many years. Ittar was later to marry Rosaria Battaglia, the daughter of Francesco Battaglia, the architect of the Palazzo Biscari.
Eventually Ittar was employed to work on the great palazzo itself; he is believed to be responsible for much of the architecture in the inner courtyards and upper floors. This was the beginning of a form of partnership with Battaglia, and together they worked on various ecclesiastical buildings and Catania's huge Benedictine monastery, the largest in Europe. Here Ittar was responsible for the dome of the monastery's church which was constructed between 1768 and 1783. He also designed the semi-circular piazza in front of the church. Furthermore, the partnership was responsible for the Porta Ferdinandea (now the Porta Garibaldi), a city gate built with bands of black lava in the Baroque style and adorned by trumpeting angels and trophies. The architects went on to design the Piazza Palestro.
In 1767 Ittar was sufficiently renowned to go into business alone; buildings he designed in this period include the Church of San Martino ai Bianchi, his first curved façade. The following year he completed what is considered his masterpiece: the facade of the Basilica della Collegiata, a church probably designed by Angelo Italia. This Sicilian Baroque building is a classic example of chiaroscuro technique. Ittar later designed the Church of San Placido, which has a facade adorned by a central Sicilian bell tower surmounted by statuary.
Following Vaccarini's death some years later, Ittar was invited by the governors of Catania to produce a contemporary plan of the city, highlighting the new straight streets an example of Baroque town planning. This map was later made into an engraving and mass-produced.
By 1783 his long term project designing the Benedictine monastery came to an end. Ittar was by this time one of Catania's most respected and influential architects and town planners. However, this was the year his life was to change completely. He was invited to Malta to design a new library for the Order of St. John of Malta, whereupon Ittar and his family seem to have moved immediately to Valletta. Here began a period of works created in a different style of architecture. The new library was of a classical design, complete with columns, arches, windows and pediments, and not a broken pediment or curved facade in sight. The vast library, reminiscent of a huge classical palace, was finally completed in 1796, five years after Ittar's death.
It was said, at the time, that Ittar had committed suicide because of errors of architectural judgement leading to structural problems with the library; however, while the profusion of vast windows make the library a cold and draughty place of work, there is no evidence of severe structural error or other problems in the design. Records of his death show him dying in communion with the church, and as having received the last rites, a sacrement which would not have been administered in the case of a suicide.
Two of his sons, Enrico and Sebastiano, also became architects who achieved some notability.

</doc>
<doc id="21476427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476427" title="Lichenaula maculosa">
Lichenaula maculosa

Lichenaula maculosa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476440" title="Plectophila discalis">
Plectophila discalis

Plectophila discalis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476444" title="Vrtovin">
Vrtovin

Vrtovin ( or ; ) is a village on the northern edge of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes several smaller hamlets: Grželi, Čebuli, Fužina, Guli, and Stovška Vas () south of the main village and Krti, Šateji, Subani, Jama, Kocjani, Rebki, Čermeli, Guštini, Fevči, and Lozarji to the north.
The local church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Parish of Kamnje.

</doc>
<doc id="21476454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476454" title="Black Wind, White Land">
Black Wind, White Land

Black Wind, White Land is a 1993 documentary film, researched and produced by the founders of the Chernobyl Children's Project International and explores the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986 and its consequences for the handicapped development of the people in Belarus, Russia and Ukraine. The film was directed by Gene Kerrigan and produced by Ali Hewson, the wife of U2's singer Bono. 
Background.
Chernobyl Children's Project International was founded in Ireland in 1991 by Adi Roche in repsonse to an appeal from Ukrainian and Belarusian doctors for aid. As a result of the organization's work, two documentaries have been released; "Black Wind, White Land" and "Chernobyl Heart". "Black Wind, White Land" highlights the plight of fallout victims of the Chernobyl event.
Ali Hewson's involvement with Greenpeace protests against the Sellafield plant for nuclear reprocessing led her to become interested in the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986. After a request by activist Adi Roche, she went to blighted, high-radiation exclusion zones in Belarus for three weeks to narrate part of the documentary.
Reception and critical responses.
Black Wind White Land, was shown on RTÉ. "Hot Press" magazine wrote that Hewson had "obvious gifts as a presenter, which include a sense of quiet compassion that draws forth the best from the people she talks with." Another reviewer said that the documentary was very effective until she started speaking. Hewson was against the accusations about being used on the project because of her husband's fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21476478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476478" title="National Highway 59 (India)">
National Highway 59 (India)

National Highway 59 (NH 59) is a National Highway in India that connects Ahmedabad in Gujarat, Indore with Madhya Pradesh. Now this route elongate from Indore to Raipur in Chhattisgarh and to the last end Gopalpur in Odisha. It covers a distance of of which is in Gujarat, is in Madhya Pradesh and is in Odisha.
The route from Ahmedabad to Indore is a difficult journey. The stretch of the route from Godhra to Indore is particularly filled with many potholes, abandoned construction zones, and segments that are entirely impossible to drive. One can expect the journey from Ahmedabad to Indore to take a full day. If possible, it makes more sense to fly or take a train from Ahmedabad to Indore. Driving is NOT advisable on this route.

</doc>
<doc id="21476487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476487" title="Epidesmia perfabricata">
Epidesmia perfabricata

Epidesmia perfabricata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia. 
The wingspan is about 35 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="21476493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476493" title="Emergency medical services in Iceland">
Emergency medical services in Iceland

Emergency medical services in Iceland include the provision of ambulance service. They provide all emergency ambulance service for a population of in excess of 300,000 people in one of the most sparsely settled countries in Europe. The system is government-funded for the first 85 percent of cost, with 15 percent being charged to the individual as a deterrent fee. All services in Iceland are provided by the Icelandic Red Cross, with individual ambulances often co-located with local fire brigades.
Organization.
Land ambulance.
There are currently approximately 77 operational land ambulances in Iceland. These are distributed across almost all communities, usually at fire stations. They are owned and equipped by the Icelandic Red Cross, but are crewed by fire service personnel. In larger centres, such as Reykjavík, the ambulances are staffed by full-time, paid Emergency medical technicians.
In smaller centres, EMTs may be part-time, or even on-call from home in some cases. All ambulance personnel are either the equivalent of EMT-B or EMT-I. Staffing of ambulances is normally 2 people, with two EMT-Bs, or, where available, an EMT-B and an EMT-I. Paramedics are usually found only in Reykjavík, which operates a single, ALS ambulance with a crew of three. Ambulances are organized according to the country's multiple Health Service Districts, but are centrally dispatched. At 2014 the ambulances were converted Mercedes vans.
Air ambulance.
Because of the sparse population, bad weather, and large numbers of airports, most air ambulance service in Iceland is accomplished using fixed-wing aircraft. The government of Iceland has contracted out this service since 2001. The type of aircraft normally used is a Beechcraft Super King Air 200 operated by the airline Mýflug (Myflug Air). Mýflug has one dedicated air ambulance in Iceland, based at Akureyri, the site of the country's second largest hospital. There are normally 2 aircraft available (one dedicated, one as a charter), with a third charter aircraft being provided during the winter months.
When weather conditions or other circumstances make fixed-wing inappropriate, the system has access to three helicopters (Aerospatiale Dauphin or Super Puma) operated by the Icelandic Coast Guard, and based at Reykjavík. On medical missions, Coast Guard helicopters are normally staffed by physicians. Iceland's Air Ambulance system responds to approximately 450 fixed-wing calls per year, and an additional 130-160 helicopter calls per year.
Model of care.
An attempt to describe the model of care used quickly becomes complex. At the ALS end of the spectrum, the model closely resembles the German version of the Franco-German model, with paramedics working with and under the direction of a physician. This represents, however, only the 5 percent of EMS personnel in the entire country who are paramedics, and only a single ambulance, out of 77 units in service. For the balance, the model much more closely resembles the Anglo-American model, with EMTs making their own treatment decisions based upon local guidelines, albeit at a basic life support level, or at best, with the limited skill set of an EMT-I.
Training.
Basic and Intermediate.
There is not currently an official national training standard for EMS personnel in Iceland. As a result, the training levels which operate by default are those currently in use in the United States. Training for EMT Basic, and EMT Intermediate are directly comparable with the U.S. standards. These are conducted by the Icelandic Centre for EMS Education.
Paramedic.
There are currently only about 20 paramedics in the whole of Iceland, out of a total of approximately 400 certified EMS staff. Since paramedic training is currently unavailable in Iceland, all of these were trained and certified in the United States at the Center for Emergency Medicine located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Paramedics work within a sharply limited and small scope of practice in Iceland. There is a single ALS land ambulance, located in Reykjavík, and staffed by a paramedic and a physician. Paramedics are also sometimes used to provide care on air ambulance transports. Paramedics completing training in the U.S. are validated and certified by the Centre for EMS Education.
Skills.
There is, at the moment, no governing legislation regarding the practice of EMS personnel in Iceland. This is particularly critical with respect to the administration of medications, and is one of the reasons why Icelandic paramedics almost always work in partnership with a physician who is physically present on the scene. The Icelandic Parliament has assigned responsibility for oversight to the various local health authorities, and, as a result, there is considerable variation in permissible skills. The following, while far from complete, will serve as a general overview of permissible skills at the various levels of training:
Communications.
Iceland now uses the European emergency telephone number, 1-1-2 for all emergencies. Dispatch, which used to be a local function, merged into two dispatch centres, and is in the process of merging into a single, integrated dispatch centre for all three emergency services. The new system involves both CAD and also satellite-based automatic vehicle locating for all emergency vehicles, with plans to expand the system to include snowplows and sanders in order to expedite emergency responses in bad weather. The system dispatches an estimated 22,000 EMS calls per year.

</doc>
<doc id="21476505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476505" title="Demidovsky Pillar, Yaroslavl">
Demidovsky Pillar, Yaroslavl

The Demidovsky Pillar in Yaroslavl is a bronze Doric column set up as a memorial to Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov - founder of the Yaroslavl Demidov School of Higher Sciences. It was set up on 6 (18) March 1829 in Ilyinsky Square in Yaroslavl from funds given by the town's inhabitants and other voluntary donors. It is 12m high on a granite base, with its interior filled up with sand and its top crowned with a bronze armillary sphere with a gilded eagle perching on it.
After the February Revolution the eagle (a symbol of autocracy) and sphere were removed and in 1931 the monument itself was finally dismantled. In 2004 the city history museum mooted the restoration of the pillar, an idea supported by the town's mayor V. Volonchunas, and this occurred in 2005 at the city's expense, with the re-opening occurring on 9 December 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21476507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476507" title="Sir George Warrender, 1st Baronet">
Sir George Warrender, 1st Baronet

Sir George Warrender of Lochend, 1st Baronet (c. 1658 – 4 March 1722) was a Scottish merchant and politician. 
He was the son of George Warrender and Margaret Cunninghame. Warrender was a dealer of foreign trade at Edinburgh and its Lord Provost in 1707 and 1714 As a supporter of the House of Hanover, he was created a Baronet, of Lochend, in the County of Haddington by King George I of Great Britain on 2 June 1715. Subsequently he represented Edinburgh as Member of Parliament (MP) until his death in 1722.
Warrender married firstly Margaret Lawrie and after her death, secondly Grizel Blair, daughter of Hugh Blair. He had a son and daughter by his first wife, and three sons and five daughters by his second wife. Warrender died at London and was buried at Bunhill Fields. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his oldest son John.

</doc>
<doc id="21476519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476519" title="Ramesses II">
Ramesses II

Ramesses II (Middle Egyptian: , transliterated as "Rameses" () or "Ramses" ( or ); born ; died July or August 1213 BC; reigned 1279–1213 BC), also known as Ramesses the Great, was the third pharaoh of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt. He is often regarded as the greatest, most celebrated, and most powerful pharaoh of the Egyptian Empire. His successors and later Egyptians called him the "Great Ancestor".
Ramesses II led several military expeditions into the Levant, reasserting Egyptian control over Canaan. He also led expeditions to the south, into Nubia, commemorated in inscriptions at Beit el-Wali and Gerf Hussein.
At age fourteen, Ramesses was appointed Prince Regent by his father Seti I. He is believed to have taken the throne in his late teens and is known to have ruled Egypt from 1279 BC to 1213 BC for 66 years and 2 months, according to both Manetho and Egypt's contemporary historical records. He was once said to have lived to be 99 years old, but it is more likely that he died in his 90th or 91st year. If he became Pharaoh in 1279 BC as most Egyptologists today believe, he would have assumed the throne on May 31, 1279 BC, based on his known accession date of III Shemu day 27.
Ramesses II celebrated an unprecedented 14 sed festivals (the first held after thirty years of a pharaoh's reign, and then every three years) during his reign—more than any other pharaoh. On his death, he was buried in a tomb in the Valley of the Kings; his body was later moved to a royal cache where it was discovered in 1881, and is now on display in the Cairo Museum.
The early part of his reign was focused on building cities, temples and monuments. He established the city of Pi-Ramesses in the Nile Delta as his new capital and main base for his campaigns in Syria. This city was built on the remains of the city of Avaris, the capital of the Hyksos when they took over, and was the location of the main Temple of Set. He is also known as Ozymandias in the Greek sources, from a transliteration into Greek of a part of Ramesses' throne name, , "Ra's mighty truth, chosen of Ra".
Campaigns and battles.
Early in his life, Ramesses II embarked on numerous campaigns to return previously held territories back from Nubian and Hittite hands and to secure Egypt's borders. He was also responsible for suppressing some Nubian revolts and carrying out a campaign in Libya. Although the famous Battle of Kadesh often dominates the scholarly view of Ramesses II's military prowess and power, he nevertheless enjoyed more than a few outright victories over the enemies of Egypt. During Ramesses II's reign, the Egyptian army is estimated to have totaled about 100,000 men; a formidable force that he used to strengthen Egyptian influence.
Battle against Sherden sea pirates.
In his second year, Ramesses II decisively defeated the Shardana or Sherden sea pirates who were wreaking havoc along Egypt's Mediterranean coast by attacking cargo-laden vessels travelling the sea routes to Egypt. The Sherden people probably came from the coast of Ionia or possibly south-west Anatolia. Ramesses posted troops and ships at strategic points along the coast and patiently allowed the pirates to attack their prey before skillfully catching them by surprise in a sea battle and capturing them all in a single action. A stele from Tanis speaks of their having come "in their war-ships from the midst of the sea, and none were able to stand before them". There must have been a naval battle somewhere near the mouth of the Nile, as shortly afterwards many Sherden are seen in the Pharaoh's body-guard where they are conspicuous by their horned helmets with a ball projecting from the middle, their round shields and the great Naue II swords with which they are depicted in inscriptions of the Battle of Kadesh. In that sea battle, together with the Shardana, the pharaoh also defeated the Lukka (L'kkw, possibly the later Lycians), and the Šqrsšw (Shekelesh) peoples.
First Syrian campaign.
The immediate antecedents to the Battle of Kadesh were the early campaigns of Ramesses II into Canaan. His first campaign seems to have taken place in the fourth year of his reign and was commemorated by the erection of a stele near modern Beirut. The inscription is almost totally illegible due to weathering. His records tell us that he was forced to fight a Canaanite prince who was mortally wounded by an Egyptian archer, and whose army was subsequently routed. Ramesses carried off the princes of Canaan as live prisoners to Egypt. Ramesses then plundered the chiefs of the Asiatics in their own lands, returning every year to his headquarters at Riblah to exact tribute. In the fourth year of his reign, he captured the Hittite vassal state of Amurru during his campaign in Syria.
Second Syrian campaign.
The Battle of Kadesh in his fifth regnal year was the climactic engagement in a campaign that Ramesses fought in Syria, against the resurgent Hittite forces of Muwatallis. The pharaoh wanted a victory at Kadesh both to expand Egypt's frontiers into Syria and to emulate his father Seti I's triumphal entry into the city just a decade or so earlier. He also constructed his new capital, Pi-Ramesses where he built factories to manufacture weapons, chariots, and shields, supposedly producing some 1,000 weapons in a week, about 250 chariots in 2 weeks, and 1,000 shields in a week and a half. After these preparations, Ramesses moved to attack territory in the Levant which belonged to a more substantial enemy than any he had ever faced before: the Hittite Empire.
Although Ramesses's forces were caught in a Hittite ambush and outnumbered at Kadesh, the pharaoh fought the battle to a stalemate and returned home a hero. Ramesses II's forces suffered major losses particularly among the 'Ra' division which was routed by the initial charge of the Hittite chariots during the battle. Once back in Egypt, Ramesses proclaimed that he had won a great victory. He had amazed everybody by almost winning a lost battle. The Battle of Kadesh was a personal triumph for Ramesses, as after blundering into a devastating Hittite ambush, the young king courageously rallied his scattered troops to fight on the battlefield while escaping death or capture. Still, many historians regard the battle as a strategic defeat for the Egyptians as they were unable to occupy the city or territory around Kadesh.
Ramesses decorated his monuments with reliefs and inscriptions describing the campaign as a whole, and the battle in particular as a major victory. Inscriptions of his victory decorate the Ramesseum, Abydos, Karnak, Luxor and Abu Simbel. For example, on the temple walls of Luxor the near catastrophe was turned into an act of heroism:
Third Syrian campaign.
Egypt's sphere of influence was now restricted to Canaan while Syria fell into Hittite hands. Canaanite princes, seemingly encouraged by the Egyptian incapacity to impose their will and goaded on by the Hittites, began revolts against Egypt. In the seventh year of his reign, Ramesses II returned to Syria once again. This time he proved more successful against his Hittite foes. During this campaign he split his army into two forces. One was led by his son, Amun-her-khepeshef, and it chased warriors of the Šhasu tribes across the Negev as far as the Dead Sea, and captured Edom-Seir. It then marched on to capture Moab. The other force, led by Ramesses, attacked Jerusalem and Jericho. He, too, then entered Moab, where he rejoined his son. The reunited army then marched on Hesbon, Damascus, on to Kumidi, and finally recaptured Upi (the land around Damascus), reestablishing Egypt's former sphere of influence.
Later campaigns in Syria.
Ramesses extended his military successes in his eighth and ninth years. He crossed the Dog River (Nahr al-Kalb) and pushed north into Amurru. His armies managed to march as far north as Dapur, where he erected a statue of himself. The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru, well past Kadesh, in Tunip, where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier. He laid siege to the city before capturing it. His victory proved to be ephemeral. In year nine, Ramesses erected a stele at Beth Shean. After having reasserted his power over Canaan, Ramesses led his army north. A mostly illegible stele near Beirut, which appears to be dated to the king's second year, was probably set up there in his tenth. The thin strip of territory pinched between Amurru and Kadesh did not make for a stable possession. Within a year, they had returned to the Hittite fold, so that Ramesses had to march against Dapur once more in his tenth year. This time he claimed to have fought the battle without even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began. Six of Ramesses's sons, still wearing their side locks, took part in this conquest. He took towns in Retenu, and Tunip in Naharin, later recorded on the walls of the Ramesseum. This second success here was equally as meaningless as his first, as neither power could decisively defeat the other in battle.
Peace treaty with the Hittites.
The deposed Hittite king, Mursili III fled to Egypt, the land of his country's enemy, after the failure of his plots to oust his uncle from the throne. Hattusili III responded by demanding that Ramesses II extradite his nephew back to Hatti.
This demand precipitated a crisis in relations between Egypt and Hatti when Ramesses denied any knowledge of Mursili's whereabouts in his country, and the two empires came dangerously close to war. Eventually, in the twenty-first year of his reign (1258 BC), Ramesses decided to conclude an agreement with the new Hittite king, Hattusili III, at Kadesh to end the conflict. The ensuing document is the earliest known peace treaty in world history.
The peace treaty was recorded in two versions, one in Egyptian hieroglyphs, the other in Akkadian, using cuneiform script; both versions survive. Such dual-language recording is common to many subsequent treaties. This treaty differs from others however, in that the two language versions are differently worded. Although the majority of the text is identical, the Hittite version claims that the Egyptians came suing for peace, while the Egyptian version claims the reverse. The treaty was given to the Egyptians in the form of a silver plaque, and this "pocket-book" version was taken back to Egypt and carved into the Temple of Karnak.
The treaty was concluded between Ramesses II and Hattusili III in year 21 of Ramesses's reign. (c. 1258 BC) Its 18 articles call for peace between Egypt and Hatti and then proceeds to maintain that their respective gods also demand peace. The frontiers are not laid down in this treaty but can be inferred from other documents. The Anastasy A papyrus describes Canaan during the latter part of the reign of Ramesses II and enumerates and names the Phoenician coastal towns under Egyptian control. The harbour town of Sumur north of Byblos is mentioned as being the northern-most town belonging to Egypt, which points to it having contained an Egyptian garrison.
No further Egyptian campaigns in Canaan are mentioned after the conclusion of the peace treaty. The northern border seems to have been safe and quiet, so the rule of the pharaoh was strong until Ramesses II's death, and the waning of the dynasty. When the King of Mira attempted to involve Ramesses in a hostile act against the Hittites, the Egyptian responded that the times of intrigue in support of Mursili III, had passed. Hattusili III wrote to Kadashman-Enlil II, King of Karduniash (Babylon) in the same spirit, reminding him of the time when his father, Kadashman-Turgu, had offered to fight Ramesses II, the king of Egypt. The Hittite king encouraged the Babylonian to oppose another enemy, which must have been the king of Assyria whose allies had killed the messenger of the Egyptian king. Hattusili encouraged Kadashman-Enlil to come to his aid and prevent the Assyrians from cutting the link between the Canaanite province of Egypt and Mursili III, the ally of Ramesses.
Campaigns in Nubia.
Ramesses II also campaigned south of the first cataract into Nubia. When Ramesses was about 22, two of his own sons, including Amun-her-khepeshef, accompanied him in at least one of those campaigns. By the time of Ramesses, Nubia had been a colony for two hundred years, but its conquest was recalled in decoration from the temples Ramesses II built at Beit el-Wali (which was the subject of epigraphic work by the Oriental Institute during the Nubian salvage campaign of the 1960s), Gerf Hussein and Kalabsha in northern Nubia. On the south wall of the Beit el-Wali temple, Ramesses II is depicted charging into battle against the Nubians in a war chariot, while his two young sons Amun-her-khepsef and Khaemwaset are shown being present behind him, also in war chariots. On one of the walls of Ramesses's temples it says that in one of the battles with the Nubians he had to fight the whole battle alone without any help from his soldiers.
Campaigns in Libya.
During the reign of Ramesses II, there is evidence that the Egyptians were active on a stretch along the Mediterranean coast, at least as far as Zawiyet Umm el-Rakham. Although the exact events surrounding the foundation of the coastal forts and fortresses is not clear, some degree of political and military control must have been held over the region to allow their construction. 
There are no detailed accounts of Ramesses II's undertaking large military actions against the Libyans, only generalised records of his conquering and crushing them, which may or may not refer to specific events that were otherwise unrecorded. It may be that some of the records, such as the Aswan Stele of his year 2, are harking back to Ramesses's presence on his father's Libyan campaigns. Perhaps it was Seti I who achieved this supposed control over the region, and who planned to establish the defensive system, in a manner similar to how he rebuilt those to the east, the Ways of Horus across Northern Sinai.
Religious impact.
Ramesses was the pharaoh most responsible for erasing the Amarna Period from history. He, more than any other pharaoh, sought deliberately to deface the Amarna monuments and change the nature of the religious structure and the structure of the priesthood, in order to try to bring it back to where it had been prior to the reign of Akhenaten.
Sed festival.
After reigning for 30 years, Ramesses joined a selected group that included only a handful of Egypt's longest-lived kings. By tradition, in the 30th year of his reign Ramesses celebrated a jubilee called the "Sed festival", during which the king was ritually transformed into a god. Only halfway through what would be a 66-year reign, Ramesses had already eclipsed all but a few greatest kings in his achievements. He had brought peace, maintained Egyptian borders and built great and numerous monuments across the empire. His country was more prosperous and powerful than it had been in nearly a century. By becoming a god, Ramesses dramatically changed not just his role as ruler of Egypt, but also the role of his firstborn son, Amun-her-khepsef. As the chosen heir and commander and chief of Egyptian armies, his son effectively became ruler in all but name.
Building activity and monuments.
Ramesses built extensively throughout Egypt and Nubia, and his cartouches are prominently displayed even in buildings that he did not actually construct. There are accounts of his honor hewn on stone, statues, remains of palaces and temples, most notably the Ramesseum in the western Thebes and the rock temples of Abu Simbel. He covered the land from the Delta to Nubia with buildings in a way no king before him had done. He also founded a new capital city in the Delta during his reign called Pi-Ramesses; it had previously served as a summer palace during Seti I's reign.
His memorial temple Ramesseum, was just the beginning of the pharaoh's obsession with building. When he built, he built on a scale unlike almost anything before. In the third year of his reign Ramesses started the most ambitious building project after the pyramids, that were built 1,500 years earlier. The population was put to work on changing the face of Egypt. In Thebes, the ancient temples were transformed, so that each one of them reflected honour to Ramesses as a symbol of his putative divine nature and power. Ramesses decided to eternalize himself in stone, and so he ordered changes to the methods used by his masons. The elegant but shallow reliefs of previous pharaohs were easily transformed, and so their images and words could easily be obliterated by their successors. Ramesses insisted that his carvings be deeply engraved in the stone, which made them not only less susceptible to later alteration, but also made them more prominent in the Egyptian sun, reflecting his relationship with the sun god, Ra.
Ramesses constructed many large monuments, including the archeological complex of Abu Simbel, and the Mortuary temple known as the Ramesseum. He built on a monumental scale to ensure that his legacy would survive the ravages of time. Ramesses used art as a means of propaganda for his victories over foreigners, which are depicted on numerous temple reliefs. Ramesses II also erected more colossal statues of himself than any other pharaoh. He also usurped many existing statues by inscribing his own cartouche on them. 
Pi-Ramesses.
Ramesses II moved the capital of his kingdom from Thebes in the Nile valley to a new site in the eastern Delta. His motives are uncertain, though he possibly wished to be closer to his territories in Canaan and Syria. The new city of Pi-Ramesses (or to give the full name, "Pi-Ramesses Aa-nakhtu", meaning "Domain of Ramesses, Great in Victory") was dominated by huge temples and the king's vast residential palace, complete with its own zoo. For a time the site was misidentified as that of Tanis, due to the amount of statuary and other material from Pi-Ramesses found there, but it is now recognised that the Ramasside remains at Tanis were brought there from elsewhere, and the real Pi-Ramesses lies about 30 km south, near modern Qantir. The colossal feet of the statue of Ramesses are almost all that remains above ground today, the rest is buried in the fields.
Ramesseum.
The temple complex built by Ramesses II between Qurna and the desert has been known as the Ramesseum since the 19th century. The Greek historian Diodorus Siculus marveled at the gigantic and famous temple, now no more than a few ruins.
Oriented northwest and southeast, the temple itself was preceded by two courts. An enormous pylon stood before the first court, with the royal palace at the left and the gigantic statue of the king looming up at the back. Only fragments of the base and torso remain of the syenite statue of the enthroned pharaoh, high and weighing more than . The scenes of the great pharaoh and his army triumphing over the Hittite forces fleeing before Kadesh, represented on the pylon. Remains of the second court include part of the internal facade of the pylon and a portion of the Osiride portico on the right. Scenes of war and the alleged rout of the Hittites at Kadesh are repeated on the walls. In the upper registers, feast and honor of the phallic god Min, god of fertility. On the opposite side of the court the few Osiride pillars and columns still left can furnish an idea of the original grandeur.
Scattered remains of the two statues of the seated king can also be seen, one in pink granite and the other in black granite, which once flanked the entrance to the temple. Thirty-nine out of the forty-eight columns in the great hypostyle hall (m 41x 31) still stand in the central rows. They are decorated with the usual scenes of the king before various gods. Part of the ceiling decorated with gold stars on a blue ground has also been preserved. Ramesses's children appear in the procession on the few walls left. The sanctuary was composed of three consecutive rooms, with eight columns and the tetrastyle cell. Part of the first room, with the ceiling decorated with astral scenes, and few remains of the second room are all that is left. Vast storerooms built in mud bricks stretched out around the temple. Traces of a school for scribes were found among the ruins.
A temple of Seti I, of which nothing is now left but the foundations, once stood to the right of the hypostyle hall. 
Abu Simbel.
In 1255 BC Ramesses and his queen Nefertari had traveled into Nubia to inaugurate a new temple, the great Abu Simbel. It is an ego cast in stone; the man who built it intended not only to become Egypt's greatest pharaoh but also one of its gods.
The great temple of Ramesses II at Abu Simbel was discovered in 1813 by the famous Swiss Orientalist and traveler Johann Ludwig Burckhardt. However, four years passed before anyone could enter the temple, because an enormous pile of sand almost completely covered the facade and its colossal statues, blocking the entrance. This feat was achieved by the great Paduan explorer Giovanni Battista Belzoni, who managed to reach the interior on 4 August 1817.
Other Nubian monuments.
As well as the famous temples of Abu Simbel, Ramesses left other monuments to himself in Nubia. His early campaigns are illustrated on the walls of Beit el-Wali (now relocated to New Kalabsha). Other temples dedicated to Ramesses are Derr and Gerf Hussein (also relocated to New Kalabsha).
Tomb of Nefertari.
The tomb of the most important and famous of Ramesses' consorts was discovered by Ernesto Schiaparelli in 1904. Although it had been looted in ancient times, the tomb of Nefertari is extremely important, because its magnificent wall painting decoration is regarded as one of the greatest achievements of ancient Egyptian art. A flight of steps cut out of the rock gives access to the antechamber, which is decorated with paintings based on chapter 17 of the Book of the Dead. This astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue, with a myriad of golden five-pointed stars. The east wall of the antechamber is interrupted by a large opening flanked by representation of Osiris at left and Anubis at right; this in turn leads to the side chamber, decorated with offering scenes, preceded by a vestibule in which the paintings portray Nefertari being presented to the gods who welcome her. On the north wall of the antechamber is the stairway that goes down to the burial chamber. This latter is a vast quadrangular room covering a surface area of about , the astronomical ceiling of which is supported by four pillars entirely covered with decoration. Originally, the queen's red granite sarcophagus lay in the middle of this chamber. According to religious doctrines of the time, it was in this chamber, which the ancient Egyptians called the golden hall, that the regeneration of the deceased took place. This decorative pictogram of the walls in the burial chamber drew inspirations from chapters 144 and 146 of the Book of the Dead: in the left half of the chamber, there are passages from chapter 144 concerning the gates and doors of the kingdom of Osiris, their guardians, and the magic formulas that had to be uttered by the deceased in order to go past the doors.
Tomb KV5.
In 1995, Professor Kent Weeks, head of the Theban Mapping Project rediscovered Tomb KV5. It has proven to be the largest tomb in the Valley of the Kings, and originally contained the mummified remains of some of this king's estimated 52 sons. Approximately 150 corridors and tomb chambers have been located in this tomb as of 2006 and the tomb may contain as many as 200 corridors and chambers. It is believed that at least 4 of Ramesses's sons including Meryatum, Sety, Amun-her-khepeshef (Ramesses's first-born son) and "the King's Principal Son of His Body, the Generalissimo Ramesses, justified" (i.e.: deceased) were buried there from inscriptions, ostracas or canopic jars discovered in the tomb. Joyce Tyldesley writes that thus far
Colossal statue.
The colossal statue of Ramesses II was reconstructed and erected in Ramesses Square in Cairo in 1955. In August 2006, contractors moved his 3,200-year-old statue from Ramesses Square, to save it from exhaust fumes that were causing the statue to deteriorate. The statue was originally taken from a temple in Memphis. The new site will be located near the future Grand Egyptian Museum.
Death and legacy.
By the time of his death, aged about 90 years, Ramesses was suffering from severe dental problems and was plagued by arthritis and hardening of the arteries. He had made Egypt rich from all the supplies and riches he had collected from other empires. He had outlived many of his wives and children and left great memorials all over Egypt, especially to his beloved first queen Nefertari. Nine more pharaohs took the name Ramesses in his honour, but none equalled his greatness. Nearly all of his subjects had been born during his reign. Ramesses II did become the legendary figure he so desperately wanted to be, but this was not enough to protect Egypt. New enemies were attacking the empire, which also suffered internal problems and could not last indefinitely. Less than 150 years after Ramesses died the Egyptian empire fell and the New Kingdom came to an end.
Mummy.
Ramesses II was originally buried in the tomb KV7 in the Valley of the Kings but, because of looting, priests later transferred the body to a holding area, re-wrapped it, and placed it inside the tomb of queen Inhapy. Seventy-two hours later it was again moved, to the tomb of the high priest Pinudjem II. All of this is recorded in hieroglyphics on the linen covering the body. His mummy is today in Cairo's Egyptian Museum.
The pharaoh's mummy reveals an aquiline nose and strong jaw, and stands at about . His ultimate successor was his thirteenth son, Merneptah.
In 1974 Egyptologists visiting his tomb noticed that the mummy's condition was rapidly deteriorating and flew it to Paris for examination. Ramesses II was issued an Egyptian passport that listed his occupation as "King (deceased)". The mummy was received at Le Bourget airport, just outside Paris, with the full military honours befitting a king.
In Paris, it was found that Ramesses's mummy was being attacked by fungus, for which it was treated. During the examination, scientific analysis revealed battle wounds and old fractures, as well as the pharaoh's arthritis and poor circulation.
It is believed that Ramesses II was essentially crippled with arthritis and walked with a hunched back for the last decades of his life. A recent study excluded ankylosing spondylitis as a possible cause of the pharaoh's arthritis. A significant hole in the pharaoh's mandible was detected. Researchers observed "an abscess by his teeth (which) was serious enough to have caused death by infection, although this cannot be determined with certainty". Gaston Maspero, who unwrapped the mummy of Rameses II writes, "on the temples there are a few sparse hairs, but at the poll the hair is quite thick, forming smooth, straight locks about five centimeters in length. White at the time of death, and possibly auburn during life, they have been dyed a light red by the spices (henna) used in the embalm-ment...the moustache and beard are thin...The hairs are white, like those of the head and eyebrows...the skin is of earthy brown, splotched with black...the face of the mummy gives a fair idea of the face of the living king."
Microscopic inspection of the roots of Ramesses II's hair proved that the king's hair was originally red, which suggests that he came from a family of redheads. This has more than just cosmetic significance: in ancient Egypt people with red hair were associated with the god Seth, the slayer of Osiris, and the name of Ramesses II's father, Seti I, means "follower of Seth." 
After Ramesses' mummy returned to Egypt it was visited by President Anwar Sadat and his wife.
Popular culture.
Ramesses is the basis for Percy Bysshe Shelley's famous poem "Ozymandias". Diodorus Siculus gives an inscription on the base of one of his sculptures as: "King of Kings am I, Osymandias. If anyone would know how great I am and where I lie, let him surpass one of my works." This is paraphrased in Shelley's poem.
The life of Ramesses II has inspired a large number of fictional representations, including the historical novels of the French writer Christian Jacq, the "Ramsès" series; the graphic novel "Watchmen", in which the character of Adrian Veidt uses Ramesses II to form part of the inspiration for his alter-ego known as 'Ozymandias'; Norman Mailer's novel "Ancient Evenings", which is largely concerned with the life of Ramesses II, though from the perspective of Egyptians living during the reign of Ramesses IX; and the Anne Rice book "The Mummy", or "Ramses the Damned" (1989), in which Ramesses was the main character.
Ramesses II is one of the more popular candidates for the Pharaoh of the Exodus. He is cast in this role in the 1944 novella "Das Gesetz" ("The Law") by Thomas Mann. Although not a major character, Ramesses appears in Joan Grant's "So Moses Was Born", a first person account from Nebunefer, the brother of Ramoses, which paints a picture of the life of Ramoses from the death of Seti, replete with the power play, intrigue, and assassination plots of the historical record, and depicting the relationships with Bintanath, Queen Tuya, Nefertari, and Moses. In film, Ramesses was played by Yul Brynner in Cecil B. DeMille's classic "The Ten Commandments" (1956). Here Ramesses was portrayed as a vengeful tyrant as well as the main antagonist of the film, ever scornful of his father's preference for Moses over "the son of body". The animated film "The Prince of Egypt" (1998), also featured a depiction of Ramesses (voiced by Ralph Fiennes), portrayed as Moses' adoptive brother, and ultimately as the film's de facto villain. "The Ten Commandments: The Musical" (2006) co-starred Kevin Earley as Ramesses. In "The Kane Chronicles" Ramesses is an ancestor of the main characters Sadie and Carter Kane.

</doc>
<doc id="21476522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476522" title="Recurrent artery of Heubner">
Recurrent artery of Heubner

Heubner's artery (also known as the recurrent artery of Heubner or Medial Striate A.), named after the German paediatrician Otto Heubner is a branch from the anterior cerebral artery, typically from the proximal A2 segment or distal A1 segment, or at the level of the optic chiasm. Its vascular territory is the anteromedial section of the caudate nucleus and the anterioinferior section of the internal capsule, as well as parts of the putamen and septal nuclei. Heubner's artery is the distal part of the medial striate artery. 
In cases of obstructed flow in the Heubner's artery, the individual may experience infarction in those subcortical areas and thus hemiparesis. More proximal portions of the medial striate artery may cause spastic paraparesis and sensory loss contralateral to the lesioned side. Urinary incontinence and gait apraxia are also not uncommon findings. 
Of note, occlusive damage to the medial striate artery may also present with contralateral grip reflex issues, and symptoms of Dysexecutive Syndrome. Contralateral gaze preference with or without transcortical motor aphasia may present in instances where the "left" hemisphere is affected in this type of occlusion.

</doc>
<doc id="21476526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476526" title="Gloria Parker">
Gloria Parker

"Glorious" Gloria Parker is an American entertainer and female icon during the big band or swing era, as an all girl bandleader. "The Gloria Parker Show" aired nightly from 1950 to 1957, coast to coast on WABC Radio and Parker entertained her audience playing the marimba, organ and the singing glasses or glass harp. Parker ("Princess of the Marimba") conducted the 21-piece "Swingphony" broadcasting nationally from the Kelly Lyceum Ballroom in Buffalo, New York. This was the largest big band ever led by a female bandleader. Edgar Battle and Footsie Thomas were engaged as arrangers for the Swingphony.
Parker is also known for her starring roles in the music films or Soundies. "Broadway And Main" with Stepin Fetchit, "Four Letters", "Here Comes The Fatest Man in Town" with comedic personality Mel Blanc as Santa Claus, "Penthouse Party" featuring Parker playing the glass harp and "Wise Men Say", all produced and directed by William Forest Crouch. She composed the music and wrote the lyrics for all of the above mentioned popular music films. The Soundies were viewed on the Panoram, a coin-operated film jukebox, in nightclubs, bars, restaurants, amusement parks and community centers.
Biography.
Early life.
Parker was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Rita Rose, a musician, who studied the Violin with Leopold Auer and performed on CBS Your Hit Parade with bandleader Mark Warnow and Raymond Scott. During the Second World War, Parker's father was a United States Air Force test pilot stationed in Hawaii.
Career.
Parker worked as a songwriter, bandleader and musician. She performed with her orchestras playing the marimba, glass harp or musical glasses, piano, organ, violin, viola, vibraphone, xylophone, guitar, drums and all latin percussion instruments.
In the early 1950s, Gloria Parker and Vincent Lopez hosted a radio program on WABC broadcast Saturday afternoon from the Taft Hotel in Manhattan called "Shake the Maracas" in which audience members competed for prizes by playing maracas with the orchestra. In addition, Parker and her Orchestra hosted an evening broadcast on WOR from the New York City Hotel Edison. Parker would open the show with the glass harp or musical glasses and feature the popular latin sound on her marimba with her orchestra. 
The Big Band Era suffered with a musicians recording ban from August 1942 to November 1944. The union that a majority of musicians belonged to did not allow its members to record until the record companies such as CBS agree to pay them each time their music was played on the radio. This happened after an earlier ban of ASCAP songs from radio stations which led to the demise of this style of swing music. Parker emerged as a spokesperson for the musicians and earned the title as the "Famous One Share Stockholder" in her battle for musician rights with CBS, RCA and Time Inc. The national media would anxiously await Parker's head to head confrontations with CBS founder William S. Paley and RCA chairman of the board David Sarnoff at the annual stockholder meetings.
Personal life.
Parker currently resides on Long Island, New York. She designs and makes her own wardrobe, a talent she has utilized throughout her career with show stopping gowns, suits, dresses and coats.

</doc>
<doc id="21476530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476530" title="Karl Theodor Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg">
Karl Theodor Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg

Karl Theodor Maria Georg Achaz Eberhardt Josef Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (born 23 May 1921, Schloss Weisendorf – died 4 October 1972, Stadtsteinach) was a German politician of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU). He was parliamentary secretary of state in the Chancellor's Office in the government of Kurt Georg Kiesinger from 1967 until 1969, as well as the foreign policy spokesman of the CDU/CSU group in the Bundestag. Guttenberg was perceived as a hardline conservative anticommunist as well as a convinced proponent of European integration. His work was mostly within the field of foreign policy.
Guttenberg served as an officer during World War II, but was punished for anti-Nazi statements and became, through his uncle Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, a member of the anti-Nazi resistance in the German army. While his uncle was imprisoned after the July 20 plot and executed shortly before the war's end, Karl Theodor zu Guttenberg was taken prisoner of war by the British, and soon after started to work for British propaganda, including the Soldatensender Calais.
Guttenberg owned large estates in Franconia, several hotels as well as the winery Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl in the Palatinate. Himself a member of the House of Guttenberg, he married Rosa Sophie Prinzessin von Arenberg, of the House of Arenberg, in 1943. Their son Enoch zu Guttenberg became a conductor as well as inherited Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl. His grandson is the politician and former federal government minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg. 
He became a member of the CSU in 1946, and was a member of the Bundestag from 1957 to 1972, where he represented Kulmbach. In the Bundestag, he was a noted public speaker and was for several years the foreign policy spokesman of the CDU/CSU group. Guttenberg was a fierce critic of the Ostpolitik of Willy Brandt. After Brandt's government had recognized the existence of "a second German state" (the German Democratic Republic), he called it a "dark hour". While most of the CDU/CSU group abstained during the vote on the Basic Treaty, 1972, Guttenberg voted against. In a speech, he stated: "The "GDR" must be revealed to the world for what it is: Not a state, but a caricature of a state". 
A Roman Catholic, Guttenberg became a Knight of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre in 1957. He received the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1972.
Death.
He died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 1972, aged 51.

</doc>
<doc id="21476532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476532" title="George Warrender">
George Warrender

George Warrender may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21476545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476545" title="2005 Icelandic Cup">
2005 Icelandic Cup

The Visa-Bikar 2005 was the forty-sixth season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 17, 2005 and concluded with the Final held on September 24, 2005. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2006–07.
First round.
1 Match awarded 3-0 to Augnablik. Originally 4-2 to Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21476561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476561" title="Zavino">
Zavino

Zavino () is a small village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
Zavino was first attested in written sources in 1763–87 as "Svina". The name is derived from "*Svinjino (selo)"—literally, 'pig (village)'—indicating that the people of the village raised pigs. The form "Zavino" was an artificial modification of the name to avoid the association with pigs, but the original root is still preserved in the name of Svinjšček Creek, which runs west of the village. Local variations of the village name include "Svinino", "Svinno", and (dissimilated) "Svilno". See also "Sinja Gorica", "Svino", and "Vinje pri Moravčah" for similar names.

</doc>
<doc id="21476563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476563" title="Yeedzin F.C.">
Yeedzin F.C.

Yeedzin Football Club is a football club from Thimphu, Bhutan. Founded in 2002, they were promoted from the B-Division in 2002 to the A-Division, where they have remained ever since. They won their first A-Division title in 2008 and have won a total of four A-Division chmpionships. In addition they have also qualified for the National League in 2012 and 2013, winning the inaugural national competition in 2012. They have been Bhutan's representative in the AFC President's Cup on four occasions, a feat matched only by Transport United in Bhutan. Unfortunately, their domestic success has not been replicated at a continental level. In each of their four appearances in the President's cup they have lost all three of their group games and have only managed to score a total of five goals in their twelve matches. It is one of the richer clubs in Bhutan.
History.
2002-2008.
Yeedzin were founded in 2002 by Jigme Norbu and participated in the 2002 B-Division. During the group stage, they won four out of their five matches, losing only to Rigzung Club who finished one point above them. In addition to Druk United and Sharks, who qualified from the other group, they progressed to the semi-finals. They beat Druk United 1-0 but lost 5-3 on penalties after extra time in the final following a 1-1 draw in normal time with Rigzung. However, both finalists were promoted to the A-Divsion for the following season. Yeedzin's first recorded appearance in competition was in the 2003 season where they finished in sixth place out of ten teams. Few results are recorded for this season and none for Yeedzin, but is is known that they either won three, drew one and lost four of their eight games or won two, drew four and lost two. It is not known where they finished in the league the following season, although it is certain that they did not finish in the top four of the 2004 A-Dvision. However, there was a knockout competition for all the clubs in the A-Division in which Yeedzin were runners-up, losing to Druk Pol in the final.
In 2005, Yeedzin achieved their best finish to date, finishing in third place, a point behind the winners Transport United and behind on goal difference to Druk Pol, 14 points ahead of fourth place finishers Druk Star. they topped the table after four of the twelve matches, with three wins and a draw, including a 4-0 victory over Transport United. However, by halfway, they had slipped to second place, two points behind Druk Pol, but still ahead of Transport United on goal difference. The league went to the final game of the season, and Yeedzin were beaten to the title, losing 1-2 away to Transport United. They also lost 1-3 on penalties to Druk Pol in the A-Division Knock-Out Championship. Details are scant for the next season, it is only known that they did not finish in either first, third or fourth place, beating RIHS in the process 4-1. Slightly more data is available for the 2007 season, Yeedzin finished in fourth place on 23 points, ahead of Royal Bhutan Army, but behind champions Transport United, Druk Pol and Druk Star in a season that included a 15-0 victory over RIHS when the opposition fielded only nine players. The following season Yeedzin produced their best performance to date winning both the league and cup. They finished the league season unbeaten, four points ahead of runners-up Transport United, dropping points in only two games, including a 1-1 draw with Choden FC, the Bhutan U-19 team whilst also beating Rigzung 20-0 in the second half of the season. They won the 2008 A-Division Knock-Out Tournament, beating Royal Bhutan Army 4-3 in the final.
2009.
However, despite scoring more goals than any other team and more than the bottom half of the table managed combined and with scorelines of 10-2, 20-0 and 16-1 against Rigzung and Druk Athletic twice respectively, they were unable to retain their league title in the 2009 season, losing three games throughout the course of the season and finishing five points behind Druk Star, who ended the season unbeaten. They were equally unfortunate in the Club Cup Championship. Despite beating Nangpa 12-0 in the quarter finals and Choden 4-1 in the semi-finals, they lost 0-1 to Druk Star in the final as the mirrored what Yeedzin had achieved the previous season.
2009 was also the first season that Yeedzin represented Bhutan in continental competition, their vistory in the previous season's league competition meaning that they were awarded Bhutan's berth in the 2009 AFC President's Cup. They were drawn in Group C for the Group Stage, along with Dordoi-Dynamo Naryn of Kyrgyzstan, Kanbawza of Burma and Phnom Penh Crown of Cambodia. They travelled to Bishkek, where all the group games were played, but were beaten in all three games, conceding fourteen goals and scoring only three through Pema Chophel, Jigme Tenzin and Tschedupla, and did not progress.
2010-2011.
Yeedzin bounced straight back the following season with another unbeaten season, finishing nine points clear of Druk Pol to win their second championship, dropping points only once; in a 0-0 draw against Druk Pol. In winning the title, they were awarded Bhutan's place in the 2011 AFC President's Cup.
Details for the 2011 season are again minimal, although it is known that Yeedzin continued their domestic success, winning a second consecutive title and third overall, in an abridged season where they A-Division was contested only as a single round-robin set of matches in anticipation of the commencement of a new national league competition that was ultimately cancelled. They also competed in the 2011 AFC President's Cup and were drawn in Group B for the group stage along with Istiqlol from Tajikistan, Yadanarbon from Myanmar and Jabal Al Mukaber from Palestine. They travelled to Yangon in Myanmar, where all the group games were played. In a repeat of their 2009 campaign, they were again beaten in all three games, this time without managing to score a single goal and again, did not progress to the next round.
2012.
The next season started off in a disappointing fashion. Despite two heavy defeats of Nangpa 12-0 and 16-0, Yeedzin were beaten twice by Druk Pol and drew twice with Zimdra (now known as Thimphu City FC) to finish behind these two sides in third place, with Druk Pol taking the A-Division title. However, this was sufficient for qualification to the inaugural Bhutan National League. This new league was a genuine national competition, whereas previously the A-Division had nominally been termed the National League between 2001 and 2003, it was in practice a league for teams based in Thimphu. Yeedzin qualified along with Druk Pol and Zimdra and were joined by Phuentsholing, representing Chukha District, Samtse, representing Samtse District and Ugyen Academy, representing Punakha District. A team representing Gelephug District was supposed to enter as well but apparently did not. Yeedzin performed strongly in the competition, finishing the league after ten games unbeaten, whilst conceding only five goals. They won the league by beating Druk Pol 2-1, coming from behind following a goal for Druk Pol from Jigyel Ugyen Wangchuck to claim the 400,000 Ngultrum prize. Although they had lost their A-Division title, with this competition now merely being a qualifier for the new national league, Yeedzin had won their third consecutive national championship, the first time a team had achieved this feat since Transport United in 2006, the only other time in the history of Bhutanese football that this had happened.
In addition to their domestic success, their championship-winning performance in the prior season also meant that they received Bhutan's place in the 2012 AFC President's Cup, the second consecutive time they had competed in the tournament and their third overall appearance. Yeedzin were drawn in Group B for the Group stage along with Dordoi Bishkek of Kyrgyzstan, Nepal Police Club and Phnom Penh Crown from Cambodia. They travelled to Phnom Penh, where all the Group B games were to be played, but again Yeedzin's performance was disappointing, as they lost all three games for the third time and conceded 23 goals, their worst defensive performance to date and did not progress. Unlike the previous year's tournament however, they were able to score two consolation goals through Chencho Gyeltshen and Tshering Wangdi in an 2-11 loss to Dordoi Bishkek.
2013 to present day.
Yeedzin were able to recover their A-Division title in the 2013 season, qualifying for the second National League competition in first place following an unbeaten performance, dropping points only in a 0-0 draw with eventual runners-up Thimphu City, scoring 27 goals in their eight matches, including a 10-2 victory over Druk United. They were also unbeaten in the National League as well, the first time a side had gone through both competitions without losing. Although, with five draws to their name in the national league they were only able to finish in second place behind Ugyen Academy and so missed out on Bhutan's place in the AFC President's Cup for the first time in three years. However, since they had won the previous year's National League competition, they did compete as Bhutan's entrant for the third consecutive year in the 2013 AFC President's Cup.
They were again drawn in Group B for the group stage of matches along with Dordoi Bishkek, for the second year in a row, Global from the Philippines and KRL from Pakistan. They travelled to Cebu City in the Philippines, where all the Group B matches were to be played, but for the fourth time were unable to gain any points, losing all three games and, for the second time in their for appearances, were unable to score a goal and did not progress from the group.
2014 saw the worst performance in the A-Division by Yeedzin in their history. With only three wins and two draws from their twelve matches, they finished in sixth place and failed to qualify for the National League for the first time. In addition, since they lost the National League title to Ugyen Academy the previous season, they did not participate in the final edition of the President's Cup.
Current squad.
"As at 2013":

</doc>
<doc id="21476565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476565" title="Rok Mašina (album)">
Rok Mašina (album)

Rok Mašina (trans. "Rock Machine") is the 1981 debut and the only full-length studio album from former Yugoslav hard rock band Rok Mašina.

</doc>
<doc id="21476584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476584" title="Fife power station">
Fife power station

Fife Power Station was a 120 megawatt gas fired combined cycle gas turbine generating station at Cardenden in Fife, Scotland.
It was a 1+1 configuration module built around a 74 MW General Electric Frame 6F gas turbine providing for a combined cycle output of 109MW, exhaust duct firing is employed to reach the stations maximum output. 
It was purchased in 2004 by Scottish and Southern Energy for £12.3 million, temporarily securing the future of the 10 staff who worked there at the time.
Investigations took place in 2007 into the feasibility of burning used car tyres in Fife, environmental legislations precluded this however.
The plant closed in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21476592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476592" title="Žagolič">
Žagolič

Žagolič () is a small village northwest of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
History.
Oral tradition states that Žagolič is named after sawmills () that stood along a creek above the settlement. According to the tradition, shepherds herded their sheep across the estate belonging to the Counts of Abensberg based in Col. Because of the damage caused by the livestock, the counts had the spring feeding the creek blocked; the water then took an underground route and the sawmills were removed. Žagolič was a hamlet of Malo Polje until 1989, when it became an independent settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="21476593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476593" title="Pompeii">
Pompeii

The city of Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples in the Italian region of Campania, in the territory of the comune of Pompei. Pompeii, along with Herculaneum and many villas in the surrounding area, was mostly destroyed and buried under of ash and pumice in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD.
Researchers believe that the town was founded in the seventh or sixth century BC by the Osci or Oscans and was captured by the Romans in 80 BC. By the time of its destruction, 160 years later, its population was probably approximately 20,000, and the city had a complex water system, an amphitheatre, gymnasium and a port.
The eruption was cataclysmic for the town. Evidence for the destruction originally came from a surviving letter by Pliny the Younger, who saw the eruption from a distance and described the death of his uncle Pliny the Elder, an admiral of the Roman fleet, who tried to rescue citizens. The site was lost for about 1,500 years until its initial rediscovery in 1599 and broader rediscovery almost 150 years later by Spanish engineer Rocque Joaquin de Alcubierre in 1748. The objects that lay beneath the city have been well preserved for centuries because of the lack of air and moisture. These artifacts provide an extraordinarily detailed insight into the life of a city during the Pax Romana. During the excavation, plaster was used to fill in the voids between the ash layers that once held human bodies. This allowed one to see the exact position the person was in when he or she died.
Pompeii has been a tourist destination for over 250 years. Today it has UNESCO World Heritage Site status and is one of the most popular tourist attractions of Italy, with approximately 2.5 million visitors every year.
Name.
Pompeii () in Latin is a second declension plural ("Pompeiī, -ōrum"). According to Theodor Kraus, "The root of the word Pompeii would appear to be the Oscan word for the number five, "pompe", which suggests that either the community consisted of five hamlets or, perhaps, it was settled by a family group ("gens Pompeia")."
Geography.
The ruins of Pompeii are located near the modern suburban town of Pompei (nowadays written with one 'i'). It stands on a spur formed by a lava flow to the north of the mouth of the Sarno River (known in ancient times as the Sarnus).
Today it is some distance inland, but in ancient times it would have been nearer to the coast. Pompeii is about away from Mount Vesuvius. It covered a total of 64 to and was home to approximately 11,000 to 11,500 people on the basis of household counts. It was a major city in the region of Campania.
History.
Early history.
The archaeological digs at the site extend to the street level of the 79 AD volcanic event; deeper digs in older parts of Pompeii and core samples of nearby drillings have exposed layers of jumbled sediment that suggest that the city had suffered from other seismic events before the eruption. Three sheets of sediment have been found on top of the lava that lies below the city and, mixed in with the sediment, archaeologists have found bits of animal bone, pottery shards and plants.
Carbon dating has determined the oldest of these layers to be from the 8th–6th centuries BC (around the time the city was founded). The other two strata are separated either by well-developed soil layers or Roman pavement, and were laid in the 4th century BC and 2nd century BC. It is theorized that the layers of the jumbled sediment were created by large landslides, perhaps triggered by extended rainfall.
The town was founded around the 6th-7th century BC by the Osci or Oscans, a people of central Italy, on what was an important crossroad between Cumae, Nola and Stabiae. It had already been used as a safe port by Greek and Phoenician sailors. According to Strabo, Pompeii was also captured by the Etruscans, and in fact recent excavations have shown the presence of Etruscan inscriptions and a 6th-century BC necropolis. Pompeii was captured for the first time by the Greek colony of Cumae, allied with Syracuse, between 525 and 474 BC.
In the 5th century BC, the Samnites conquered it (and all the other towns of Campania); the new rulers imposed their architecture and enlarged the town. After the Samnite Wars (4th century BC), Pompeii was forced to accept the status of "socium" of Rome, maintaining, however, linguistic and administrative autonomy. In the 4th century BC, it was fortified. Pompeii remained faithful to Rome during the Second Punic War.
The present Temple of Apollo was built in the 2nd century BC as the city's most important religious structure.
Pompeii took part in the war that the towns of Campania initiated against Rome, but in 89 BC it was besieged by Sulla. Although the blunts of the Social League, headed by Lucius Cluentius, helped in resisting the Romans, in 80 BC Pompeii was forced to surrender after the conquest of Nola, culminating in many of Sulla's veterans being given land and property, while many of those who went against Rome were ousted from their homes. It became a Roman colony with the name of "Colonia Cornelia Veneria Pompeianorum". The town became an important passage for goods that arrived by sea and had to be sent toward Rome or Southern Italy along the nearby Appian Way.
It was fed with water by a spur from Aqua Augusta (Naples) built c. 20 BC by Agrippa; the main line supplied several other large towns, and finally the naval base at Misenum. The castellum in Pompeii is well preserved, and includes many details of the distribution network and its controls.
First century AD.
The excavated city offers a snapshot of Roman life in the 1st century, frozen at the moment it was buried on 24 August AD 79. The forum, the baths, many houses, and some out-of-town villas like the Villa of the Mysteries remain well preserved.
Details of everyday life are preserved. For example, on the floor of one of the houses (Sirico's), a famous inscription "Salve, lucru" ("Welcome, profit") indicates a trading company owned by two partners, Sirico and Nummianus (but this could be a nickname, since "nummus" means "coin; money"). Other houses provide details concerning professions and categories, such as for the "laundry" workers ("Fullones"). Wine jars have been found bearing what is apparently the world's earliest known marketing pun (technically a blend), "Vesuvinum" (combining Vesuvius and the Latin for wine, vinum).
The numerous graffiti carved on the walls and inside rooms provides a wealth of information regarding Vulgar Latin, the form of Latin spoken colloquially rather than the literary language of the classical writers.
In 89 BC, after the final occupation of the city by Roman General Lucius Cornelius Sulla, Pompeii was finally annexed by the Roman Republic. During this period, Pompeii underwent a vast process of infrastructural development, most of which was built during the Augustan period. These include an amphitheatre, a palaestra with a central natatorium (cella natatoriua) or swimming pool and an aqueduct that provided water for more than 25 street fountains, at least four public baths, and a large number of private houses (domūs) and businesses. The amphitheatre has been cited by modern scholars as a model of sophisticated design, particularly in the area of crowd control.
The aqueduct branched out through three main pipes from the Castellum Aquae, where the waters were collected before being distributed to the city; in case of extreme drought, the water supply would first fail to reach the public baths (the least vital service), then private houses and businesses, and when there would be no water flow at all, the system would fail to supply the public fountains (the most vital service) in the streets of Pompeii. The pools in Pompeii were used mostly for decoration.
The large number of well-preserved frescoes provide information on everyday life and have been a major advance in art history of the ancient world, with the innovation of the Pompeian Styles (First/Second/Third Style). Some aspects of the culture were distinctly erotic, including frequent use of the phallus as apotropaion or good-luck charm in various types of decoration. A large collection of erotic votive objects and frescoes were found at Pompeii. Many were removed and kept until recently in a secret collection at the University of Naples.
At the time of the eruption, the town may have had some 20,000 inhabitants, and was located in an area in which Romans had their holiday villas. William Abbott explains, "At the time of the eruption, Pompeii had reached its high point in society as many Romans frequently visited Pompeii on vacations." It is the only ancient town of which the whole topographic structure is known precisely as it was, with no later modifications or additions. Due to the difficult terrain, it was not distributed on a regular plan as most Roman towns were, but its streets are straight and laid out in a grid in the Roman tradition. They are laid with polygonal stones, and have houses and shops on both sides of the street. It followed its decumanus and its cardo, centered on the forum.
Besides the forum, many other services were found: the "Macellum" (great food market), the "Pistrinum" (mill), the "Thermopolium" (sort of bar that served cold and hot beverages), and "cauponae" (small restaurants). An amphitheatre and two theatres have been found, along with a palaestra or gymnasium. A hotel (of 1,000 square metres) was found a short distance from the town; it is now nicknamed the "Grand Hotel Murecine".
In 2002, another discovery at the mouth of the Sarno River near Sarno revealed that the port also was populated and that people lived in palafittes, within a system of channels that suggested a likeness to Venice to some scientists.
AD 62–79.
The inhabitants of Pompeii had long been used to minor quaking (indeed, the writer Pliny the Younger wrote that earth tremors "were not particularly alarming because they are frequent in Campania"), but on 5 February 62, there was a severe earthquake which did considerable damage around the bay and particularly to Pompeii. It is believed that the earthquake would have registered between about 5 and 6 on the current Richter scale.
On that day in Pompeii there were to be two sacrifices, as it was the anniversary of Augustus being named "Father of the Nation" and also a feast day to honour the guardian spirits of the city. Chaos followed the earthquake. Fires, caused by oil lamps that had fallen during the quake, added to the panic. Nearby cities of Herculaneum and Nuceria were also affected.
Temples, houses, bridges, and roads were destroyed. It is believed that almost all buildings in the city of Pompeii were affected. In the days after the earthquake, anarchy ruled the city, where theft and starvation plagued the survivors. In the time between 62 and the eruption in 79, some rebuilding was done, but some of the damage had still not been repaired at the time of the eruption. Although it is unknown how many, a considerable number of inhabitants moved to other cities within the Roman Empire while others remained and rebuilt.
An important field of current research concerns structures that were being restored at the time of the eruption (presumably damaged during the earthquake of 62). Some of the older, damaged, paintings could have been covered with newer ones, and modern instruments are being used to catch a glimpse of the long hidden frescoes. The probable reason why these structures were still being repaired around seventeen years after the earthquake was the increasing frequency of smaller quakes that led up to the eruption.
Eruption of Vesuvius.
By the 1st century AD, Pompeii was one of a number of towns located near the base of the volcano, Mount Vesuvius. The area had a substantial population which grew prosperous from the region's renowned agricultural fertility. Many of Pompeii's neighboring communities, most famously Herculaneum, also suffered damage or destruction during the 79 eruption. The eruption occurred on August 24, just one day after Vulcanalia, the festival of the Roman god of fire, including that from volcanoes.
A multidisciplinary volcanological and bio-anthropological study of the eruption products and victims, merged with numerical simulations and experiments, indicate that at Vesuvius and surrounding towns heat was the main cause of death of people, previously believed to have died by ash suffocation. The results of the study, published in 2010, show that exposure to at least hot surges at a distance of from the vent was sufficient to cause instant death, even if people were sheltered within buildings.
The people and buildings of Pompeii were covered in up to twelve different layers of tephra, in total 25 meters deep, which rained down for about 6 hours. Pliny the Younger provided a first-hand account of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius from his position across the Bay of Naples at Misenum, in a version which was written 25 years after the event. His uncle, Pliny the Elder, with whom he had a close relationship, died while attempting to rescue stranded victims. As Admiral of the fleet, Pliny the Elder had ordered the ships of the Imperial Navy stationed at Misenum to cross the bay to assist evacuation attempts. Volcanologists have recognised the importance of Pliny the Younger's account of the eruption by calling similar events "Plinian".
The eruption was documented by contemporary historians and is generally accepted as having started on 24 August 79, relying on one version of the text of Pliny's letter. However the archeological excavations of Pompeii suggest that the city was buried about three months later. This is supported by another version of the letter which gives the date of the eruption as November 23.
People buried in the ash appear to be wearing warmer clothing than the light summer clothes that would be expected in August. The fresh fruit and vegetables in the shops are typical of October, and conversely the summer fruit that would have been typical of August was already being sold in dried, or conserved form. Wine fermenting jars had been sealed over, and this would have happened around the end of October. Coins found in the purse of a woman buried in the ash include one which features a fifteenth imperatorial acclamation among the emperor's titles. These cannot have been minted before the second week of September. So far there is no definitive theory as to why there should be such an apparent discrepancy.
Rediscovery.
After thick layers of ash covered the two towns, they were abandoned and eventually their names and locations were forgotten. The first time any part of them was unearthed was in 1599, when the digging of an underground channel to divert the river Sarno ran into ancient walls covered with paintings and inscriptions. The architect Domenico Fontana was called in; he unearthed a few more frescoes, then covered them over again, and nothing more came of the discovery. A wall inscription had mentioned a "decurio Pompeii" ("the town councillor of Pompeii") but its reference to the long-forgotten Roman city was missed.
Fontana's act of covering over the paintings has been seen both as censorship – in view of the frequent sexual content of such paintings – and as a broad-minded act of preservation for later times as he would have known that paintings of the hedonistic kind later found in some Pompeian villas were not considered in good taste in the climate of the counter-reformation.
Herculaneum was properly rediscovered in 1738 by workmen digging for the foundations of a summer palace for the King of Naples, Charles of Bourbon. Pompeii was rediscovered as the result of intentional excavations in 1748 by the Spanish military engineer Rocque Joaquin de Alcubierre. These towns have since been excavated to reveal many intact buildings and wall paintings. Charles of Bourbon took great interest in the findings even after becoming king of Spain because the display of antiquities reinforced the political and cultural power of Naples.
Karl Weber directed the first real excavations; he was followed in 1764 by military engineer Franscisco la Vega. Franscisco la Vega was succeeded by his brother, Pietro, in 1804. During the French occupation Pietro worked with Christophe Saliceti.
Giuseppe Fiorelli took charge of the excavations in 1863. During early excavations of the site, occasional voids in the ash layer had been found that contained human remains. It was Fiorelli who realized these were spaces left by the decomposed bodies and so devised the technique of injecting plaster into them to recreate the forms of Vesuvius's victims. This technique is still in use today, with a clear resin now used instead of plaster because it is more durable, and does not destroy the bones, allowing further analysis.
Many have theorized that Fontana found some of the famous erotic frescoes and, due to the strict modesty prevalent during his time, reburied them in an attempt at archaeological censorship. This view is bolstered by reports of later excavators who felt that sites they were working on had already been visited and reburied. Even many recovered household items had a sexual theme.
This clash of cultures led to an unknown number of discoveries being hidden away again. A wall fresco which depicted Priapus, the ancient god of sex and fertility, with his extremely enlarged penis, was covered with plaster, even the older reproduction below was locked away "out of prudishness" and opened only on request and only rediscovered in 1998 due to rainfall.
In 1819, when King Francis I of Naples visited the Pompeii exhibition at the National Museum with his wife and daughter, he was so embarrassed by the erotic artwork that he decided to have it locked away in a secret cabinet, accessible only to "people of mature age and respected morals". Re-opened, closed, re-opened again and then closed again for nearly 100 years, it was briefly made accessible again at the end of the 1960s (the time of the sexual revolution) and was finally re-opened for viewing in 2000. Minors are still allowed entry to the once secret cabinet only in the presence of a guardian or with written permission.
A large number of artifacts from Pompeii are preserved in the Naples National Archaeological Museum.
Tourism.
Pompeii has been a popular tourist destination for over 250 years; it was on the Grand Tour. By 2008, it was attracting almost 2.6 million visitors per year, making it one of the most popular tourist sites in Italy. It is part of a larger Vesuvius National Park and was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1997. To combat problems associated with tourism, the governing body for Pompeii, the Soprintendenza Archaeological di Pompei have begun issuing new tickets that allow for tourists to also visit cities such as Herculaneum and Stabiae as well as the Villa Poppaea, to encourage visitors to see these sites and reduce pressure on Pompeii.
Pompeii is also a driving force behind the economy of the nearby town of Pompei. Many residents are employed in the tourism and hospitality business, serving as taxi or bus drivers, waiters or hotel operators. The ruins can be easily reached on foot from the Circumvesuviana train stop called "Pompei Scavi", directly at the ancient site. There are also car parks nearby.
Excavations in the site have generally ceased due to the moratorium imposed by the superintendent of the site, Professor Pietro Giovanni Guzzo. Additionally, the site is generally less accessible to tourists, with less than a third of all buildings open in the 1960s being available for public viewing today. Nevertheless, the sections of the ancient city open to the public are extensive, and tourists can spend several days exploring the whole site.
In popular culture.
Pompeii was the setting for the British comedy television series "Up Pompeii!" and the movie of the series. Pompeii also featured in the second episode of the fourth season of revived BBC drama series "Doctor Who", named "The Fires of Pompeii", which featured Caecilius as a character.
In 1971, the rock band Pink Floyd recorded the live concert film "", performing six songs in the ancient Roman amphitheatre in the city. The audience consisted only of the film's production crew and some local children.
"Pompeii" is a song by the British band Bastille, released 24 February 2013. The lyrics refer to the city and the eruption of Mount Vesuvius.
Conservation.
The objects buried beneath Pompeii were well-preserved for almost two thousand years. The lack of air and moisture allowed for the objects to remain underground with little to no deterioration, which meant that, once excavated, the site had a wealth of sources and evidence for analysis, giving detail into the lives of the Pompeiians. However, once exposed, Pompeii has been subject to both natural and man-made forces which have rapidly increased their rate of deterioration.
Weathering, erosion, light exposure, water damage, poor methods of excavation and reconstruction, introduced plants and animals, tourism, vandalism and theft have all damaged the site in some way. Two-thirds of the city has been excavated, but the remnants of the city are rapidly deteriorating.
The concern for conservation has continually troubled archaeologists. The ancient city was included in the 1996 World Monuments Watch by the World Monuments Fund, and again in 1998 and in 2000. In 1996 the organization claimed that Pompeii "desperately need repair" and called for the drafting of a general plan of restoration and interpretation. The organization supported conservation at Pompeii with funding from American Express and the Samuel H. Kress Foundation.
Today, funding is mostly directed into conservation of the site; however, due to the expanse of Pompeii and the scale of the problems, this is inadequate in halting the slow decay of the materials. An estimated US$335 million is needed for all necessary work on Pompeii. A recent study has recommended an improved strategy for interpretation and presentation of the site as a cost-effective method of improving its conservation and preservation in the short term.
House of the Gladiators collapse.
The 2,000-year-old Schola Armatorum (House of the Gladiators) collapsed on 6 November 2010. The structure was not open to visitors, but the outside was visible to tourists. There was no immediate determination as to what caused the building to collapse, although reports suggested water infiltration following heavy rains might have been responsible. There has been fierce controversy after the collapse, with accusations of neglect.

</doc>
<doc id="21476600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476600" title="Austroterpna paratorna">
Austroterpna paratorna

Austroterpna paratorna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21476601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476601" title="Memento Park">
Memento Park

Memento Park is an open air museum in Budapest, dedicated to monumental statues from Hungary's Communist period (1949–1989). There are statues of Lenin, Marx, and Engels, and several Hungarian Communist leaders. The park was designed by Hungarian architect, Ákos Eleőd, who won the competition announced by the Budapest General Assembly (Fővárosi Közgyűlés) in 1991. Thus the architect: "This park is about dictatorship. And at the same time, because it can be talked about, described, built, this park is about democracy. After all, only democracy is able to give the opportunity to let us think freely about dictatorship."
History.
After the fall of the Communist regime in Hungary in 1989, many of the Communist statues and monuments were immediately removed. These formed the basis for the current collection of statues in the park. On June 29, 1993, the second anniversary of the withdrawal of the Soviet troops from Hungarian territory, the park celebrated a grand opening as a public outdoor museum.
2006 marked a new chapter in the history of Memento Park. A life-sized copy of the tribune of the Stalin Monument in Budapest was built in the Statue Park with the broken bronze shoes on top of the pedestal. This is not an accurate copy of the original but only an artistic recreation by Ákos Eleőd.
In 2007 a new exhibition hall and a small movie theater were opened in Memento Park. The photo exhibition called “Stalin’s Boots” in the exhibition hall takes the viewer through the history of the 1956 revolution, of the political changes of 1989-1990 and of Memento Park, with both English and Hungarian captions. In the barracks-theater one can see "The Life of an Agent", a documentary on the methods used by the secret police, directed by Gábor Zsigmond Papp. The film is being shown with English subtitles.
Events.
Memento Park, beyond its role as a tourist attraction, also functions as a cultural and educational site housing art projects, festivals, professional and public events. There are Retro Festivals, Film Festivals, and several cultural programs. To the youngest visitors, there is a museum-education program that sheds light on the exhibits and helps students to process what they learn. The park is a popular site for tourists. It is accessible by public transportation as well as a direct bus.
Visitor information.
The park is open every day from 10:00 until sunset.
Public bus transport to Memento Park is available from "Kelenföld vasútállomás" (railway station) with buses no. 101 and 150 to "Budatétény vasútállomás".
Kelenföld railway station can be accessed from the following metro stations:
From the Pest side:
From the Buda side:

</doc>
<doc id="21476624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476624" title="Demidovsky Pillar, Barnaul">
Demidovsky Pillar, Barnaul

The Demidovsky Pillar is a modern obelisk on Demidov Square in the Central District of Barnaul, Russia. It is a memorial to 100 years of mining in the Altai Krai. It was begun on the initiative of Pyotr Kozmitch Frolov, with the first stone being laid on 18 June 1825 and completed in 1839.
The prototype for the Demidov Pillar was the Rumyantsev Obelisk in honour of the victories of Count PA Rumyantsev, established at the end of the 18th century on Vasilevsky Island in Saint Petersburg. Initial designs for the Demidovsky Pillar were for it to be 21m high (close to the height of the Rumyantsev Obelisk), but during construction under architect Jakob Nikolayevich Popov the height was significantly reduced, to 14m. It is made of 12 grey granite blocks, cut and processed in the Kolyvanskoy township and floated down the Tcharych and Ob to Barnaul on rafts. The base rests on four iron pillars underpinning the granite pedestal, and on that pedestal is a cast bronze plaque reading:
Also on the pedestal was a cast-iron oval bas-relief with a portrait of Akinfiy Demidov produced at the Guriev plant.
In 1918 it was decided to dismantle and re-locate the obelisk as a monument to those who had died for the Revolution. Molten lead was poured between the granite slabs and there were attempts to scratch out the inscription, but it proved impossible to move it and it remains on its original site, though in the 1920s the authorities were able to remove the original memorial plaques. The bas-relief of Demidov passed to the Regional Museum as a model of artistic casting. The inscription plaque was replaced in 1949 with one reading:

</doc>
<doc id="21476628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476628" title="Eucyclodes buprestaria">
Eucyclodes buprestaria

Eucyclodes buprestaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the southern half of Australia and in Tasmania.
The wingspan is about 30 mm.
The larvae feed on "Cassytha glabella" and "Cassytha pubescens".

</doc>
<doc id="21476636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476636" title="Kabhie Kabhie (1997 TV series)">
Kabhie Kabhie (1997 TV series)

Kabhie Kabhie (1997) is an Indian television drama directed by Mahesh Bhatt and written by Anurag Kashyap, Akash Khurana and Vinta Nanda; Anil Sharma directed 25 episodes of the series.
The series was produced by Amit Khanna's "Plus Channel" and was telecast on Star Plus.

</doc>
<doc id="21476646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476646" title="Joseph Légaré">
Joseph Légaré

Joseph Légaré (March 10, 1795 – June 21, 1855) was a painter and glazier, artist, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada.
Early life.
The eldest son in a family of six children, Joseph Légaré was born in Quebec City, the son of a cobbler also called Joseph and Louise Routier, and was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Québec. The financial success of his father as a business man was augmented by extra loans he made and properties rented out. The family became relatively wealthy as a result. The young Joseph spent three years of study at the Seminaire de Quebec but he discontinued his studies in July 1811. On 19 May 1812 he was apprenticed as a painter and glazier with Moses Pierce.
Joseph Légaré died at 60
Middle Period.
On 21 April 1818 Légaré married Geneviève Damien. He owned part of the fief of Saint-François from 1827 to 1841. A self-taught artist, he began painting reproductions of European religious works and later produced his own paintings, receiving a medal from the Société pour l’Encouragement des Sciences et des Arts en Canada in 1828. He was the first landscape artist of French-Canadian origin. In 1833, Légaré opened his own gallery in Quebec City, the first art gallery in Canada; it closed two years later. In 1838, he opened another gallery in partnership with lawyer Thomas Amiot. Légaré served as a member of the municipal council for the city and the board of health; he also served as a justice of the peace. In 1842 he helped found the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society at Quebec and gathered signatures for a petition in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Légaré was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the legislative assembly in 1848 and 1850.
The Connoisseur.
On the municipal and provincial levels, Légaré's political engagement did not preclude an active role within the cultural life of his time. His activities both as collector and propagandist for art qualify him not merely as a pioneer but as one of the "very first connoisseurs". The "Desjardins Collection" had an enormous influence on his career and he purchased thirty of the works using a loan provided by his father in July 1819. These thirty works formed the nucleus of his collection. The majority of his later acquisitions came through Johan Christopher Reiffenstein and G.D. Balzaretti, two Quebec merchants.
Historical Paintings.
Légaré painted a number of works depicting the "customs of North American Indians". However, some of his more memorable works include: "First Monastery of the Ursulines at Quebec", "Memorials of the Jesuits of New France", "The Martyrdom of Brothers Brebeuf and Lalement" and "The Battle of Sainte-Foy".
Later years.
The overall achievement of Légaré contrasts with that of his prolific contemporaries Roy-Audy, Antoine Plamondon and Theophile Hamel. Légaré's relative financial freedom allowed him to paint as he pleased without having to worry about saleability. He sold several works to parish churches and religious orders but did not always find a ready market for his works. Many of his landscapes "were all but rejected by his fellow countrymen, as other of his works were, because of his political opinions". Many of his supporters were "as newspapers of the day often emphasized, foreigners". He was named to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada in February 1855 and died in office in Quebec City at the age of 60.
The 1980 film "A Québécois Rediscovered: Joseph Légaré 1795-1855" was made about his life.

</doc>
<doc id="21476652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476652" title="Smilyan">
Smilyan

Smilyan (Bulgarian: Смилян) is a village in Smolyan Municipality, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. It is located 176.862 km from Sofia and the village covers an area of 29.248 km2. As of 2007, the village had a population of 1794 inhabitants.
It is known for its premium quality beans, of which limited quantities are produced.

</doc>
<doc id="21476654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476654" title="Oplontis">
Oplontis

Oplontis was a town near Pompeii, in the Roman Empire. On August 24, AD 79, the eruption of Mount Vesuvius buried it under a deep layer of ash. It is today the location of the Villa Poppaea, the villa possibly associated with the second wife of Emperor Nero, was excavated in the mid-20th century, wrapping up in 1984, and is currently open to the public.
A second villa, the Villa of L. Crassius Tertius, was discovered in 1974, 300 metres east of the Villa of Poppaea, during the construction of a school. It was named following the finding of a bronze seal bearing Crassius' name.
The name "Oplontis" most likely refers to the baths in the area of Oncino, but today the name commonly covers the group of villas in the middle of the modern town of Torre Annunziata, also known as Torre Nunziata in the local Neapolitan dialect.
A large number of artifacts from Oplontis are preserved in the Naples National Archaeological Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21476658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476658" title="Demidov Square">
Demidov Square

Demidov Square (Russian - "Демидовская площадь") is a square in the Tsentralny City District of Barnaul in Russia, named after the Demidov dynasty. It is the site of the Demidovsky Pillar.

</doc>
<doc id="21476661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476661" title="Stabiae">
Stabiae

Stabiae was an ancient Roman town, located close to the modern town of Castellammare di Stabia approximately 4.5 km southwest of Pompeii. It was positioned on a 50 m high headland overlooking the Gulf of Naples. Being only from Mount Vesuvius, this seaside resort was largely destroyed by two metres of tephra ash in 79 AD.
Originally a small port, by the 6th century BC Stabiae had already been overshadowed by the much larger port at Pompeii. The town was destroyed by Lucius Cornelius Sulla on 30 April 89 BC during the Social War, a revolt by many of Rome's allies in the area. The Roman author and admiral Pliny the Elder recorded that the town was rebuilt and became a popular resort for wealthy Romans. He reported that there were several miles of luxury villas built along the edge of the headland, all enjoying panoramic views out over the bay.
According to the account written by his nephew, Pliny the Elder was at the other side of the bay in Misenum when the eruption started. He travelled by galley ship across the bay, partly to observe the eruption more closely, and partly to rescue people from the coast near the volcano.
Pliny died at Herculanium the following day, probably during the arrival of the sixth and largest pyroclastic surge of the eruption caused by the collapse of the eruption plume. The very dilute outer edge of this surge was the only one to reach Stabiae and left two centimetres of ash on top of the tephra deposits.
Archaeological ruins.
History.
The archaeological remains of Stabiae were originally discovered in 1749 by Cavaliere Rocco de Alcubierre, an engineer working for king Charles VII of Naples. These ruins were partially excavated by Alcubierre with help from Karl Weber between 1749–1782. The ruins that had been excavated, however, were reburied and their location was forgotten until 1950, when a high school principal rediscovered them. The site was declared an archaeological protected area in 1957, and by 1962 many of the ruins had been again uncovered. The remains of both an Oscan settlement (oppidum) and the later Roman town were discovered.
The most famous of the findings at Stabiae are the villas that come from the time between the destruction of Stabiae by Sulla in 89 BC and the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD. As described above, Stabiae became a resort town during this time and was particularly favored for its view of the Bay of Naples and the surrounding mountains. Stabiae was also well known for the quality of its spring water, which was believed to have medicinal properties. The ideal placement and qualities of this location drew many wealthy Romans to build luxurious villas on the ridge overlooking the bay. These villas, which are described below, provide us with some of the most stunning architectural and artistic remains from Roman villas. 2004 saw an Italian-American collaboration between the Superintendency of Archaeology of Pompeii, the region of Campania and the University of Maryland to form the non-profit Archaeological entity, the Restoring Ancient Stabiae Foundation (RAS). It is the RAS Foundation's prime goal to excavate, restore and build an archaeological park at the ancient site of Stabiae, a complex of seven or eight Roman villas according to recent geophysical surveys conducted by the University of Birmingham.
A great many artifacts which come from Stabiae are preserved in the Naples National Archaeological Museum.
Pre-Roman settlement.
Before the age of the villas, however, an Oscan settlement existed in the region of Stabiae. In 1957 three hundred tombs dating from the 7th to the 3rd centuries BC were found in a necropolis associated with this town. Many pieces of pottery were found in these tombs and provide us with archaeological evidence that supports the dating of the Oscan inhabitants. It appears that the Samnites later took over the Oscan town in the 5th century.
Villas.
Among the many villas found at Stabiae, the most famous are Villa San Marco, Villa Del Pastore, and Villa Arianna. Some of the other villas include Villa Carmiano, Villa del Petraro, and Villa Capella di San Marco.
Villa San Marco.
This villa, deriving the name from a chapel that existed in its proximity in the 18th century, was the first one to be explored in the course of excavations in Bourbon times carried out between 1749 and 1754. The graphic and textual documentation of the Bourbon surveys was published in 1881 by M. Ruggiero M. in the book "Degli Scavi di Stabiae dal 1749 al 1782" ("On the Stabiae excavations from 1749 to 1782"). The villa was re-buried after the removal of its furnishings and of the better preserved frescoes. Excavations were resumed on 1950 by Libero d’Orsi and O. Elia of the Archaeological Superintendency.
One of the largest villas ever discovered in Campania, measuring more than 11,000 square metres, it has an atrium, a courtyard containing a pool, a triclinium with views of the bay, and a colonnaded courtyard. There are also many other small rooms, a kitchen and two internal gardens. Villa San Marco also has a private bath complex that is made up of a calidarium, tepidarium, and a frigidarium. This villa is also important because it has provided frescoes, sculptures, mosaics and architecture, which show styles and themes comparable to those found in Pompeii and Herculaneum.
Villa del Pastore.
"Villa of the Shepherd" in English. This villa gets its name from a small statue of a shepherd that was discovered at this site. This villa measures even larger than Villa San Marco, coming in at 19,000 square metres. The villa was rediscovered in 1967 and includes many rooms, large baths and luxurious gardens. It lacks, however, any domestic rooms, suggesting that it may not have been a residence. One hypothesis is that this is instead a valetudinarium (health spa) that would have allowed people to take advantage of the famous spring waters of Stabiae. It has not yet been fully excavated.
Villa Arianna.
Named for the fresco depicting Dionysus saving Ariadne from the island of Dia (a mythological name for Naxos), this villa is particularly famous for its frescoes, many of which depict light, winged figures. It is difficult to get a clear sense of this villa, however, because it grew over the course of 150 years. It has one of the largest courtyards of any Roman villa; measuring two stadia in length. Another feature of Villa Arianna is its private tunnel system that links the villa in its location on the ridge to the sea shore, which was probably only between 100 and 200 metres away from the bottom of the hill in Roman times. The shoreline has since changed, leaving the archaeological site further inland than it was in antiquity.

</doc>
<doc id="21476665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476665" title="Heliomystis electrica">
Heliomystis electrica

Heliomystis electrica is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the southern half of Australia (New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania).
The forewings are mottled shades of brown with black speckles and lines. These lines are usually stronger in females and diffuse whitish patches are present, particularly on the inner side of the postmedial line.
The larvae feed on "Eucalyptus dives" and "Eucalyptus obliqua". They are green, often darker ventrally or sometimes dorsally, with a whitish spiracular line. The posture of the mature larvae is straight or slightly curved, with the thoracic legs held together and projecting from the body like a thorn from a stick.

</doc>
<doc id="21476679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476679" title="Herculaneum">
Herculaneum

Located in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius, Herculaneum (Italian: "Ercolano") was an ancient Roman town destroyed by volcanic pyroclastic flows in 79 AD. Its ruins are located in the commune of Ercolano, Campania, Italy.
It is most famous for having been lost, along with Pompeii, Stabiae, Oplontis and the neighborhood of Monte Bursaccio in Boscoreale, in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79 that buried it in superheated pyroclastic material. It is also famous as one of the few ancient cities that can now be seen in almost its original splendor; unlike Pompeii, it was buried deeply enough to preserve the upper stories of buildings. Additionally, the hotter ash preserved wooden household objects such as beds, doors, and even food. Moreover, Herculaneum was a wealthier town than Pompeii, possessing an extraordinary density of fine houses, and far more lavish use of colored marble cladding. The discovery in recent years of some 300 skeletons along the sea shore came as a surprise, as it had been assumed that the town had been evacuated.
History.
Ancient tradition connected Herculaneum with the name of the Greek hero Herakles ("Hercules" in Latin and consequently Roman Mythology), an indication that the city was of Greek origin. In fact, it seems that some forefathers of the Samnite tribes of the Italian mainland founded the first civilization on the site of Herculaneum at the end of the 6th century BC. Soon after, the town came under Greek control and was used as a trading post because of its proximity to the Gulf of Naples. The Greeks named the city Ἡράκλειον, "Heraklion". In the 4th century BC, Herculaneum again came under the domination of the Samnites. The city remained under Samnite control until it became a Roman "municipium" in 89 BC, when, having participated in the Social War ("war of the allies" against Rome), it was defeated by Titus Didius, a legate of Sulla.
After the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD, the town of Herculaneum was buried under approximately 20 metres (50–60 feet) of ash. It lay hidden and largely intact until discoveries from wells and underground tunnels became gradually more widely known, and notably following the Prince d'Elbeuf's explorations in the early 1700s. Excavations continued sporadically up to the present and today many streets and buildings are visible, although over 75% of the town remains buried. Today, the Italian towns of Ercolano and Portici lie on the approximate site of Herculaneum. Until 1969 the town of Ercolano was called Resina. It changed its name to Ercolano, the Italian modernization of the ancient name in honour of the old city.
The inhabitants worshipped above all Hercules, who was believed to be the founder of both the town and Mount Vesuvius. Other important deities worshipped include Venus, who was believed to be Hercules' lover, and Apollo.
The eruption of 79 AD.
The catastrophic eruption of Mt. Vesuvius occurred on the afternoon of 24 August 79 AD. Because Vesuvius had been dormant for approximately 800 years, it was no longer even recognized as a volcano.
Based on archaeological excavations and on two letters of Pliny the Younger to the Roman historian Tacitus, the course of the eruption can be reconstructed.
At around 1 pm on 24 August, Vesuvius began spewing volcanic ash and stone thousands of meters into the sky. When it reached the tropopause (the boundary between the troposphere and the stratosphere), the top of the cloud flattened, prompting Pliny to describe it to Tacitus as a Stone Pine tree. The prevailing winds at the time blew toward the southeast, causing the volcanic material to fall primarily on the city of Pompeii and the surrounding area. Since Herculaneum lay to the west of Vesuvius, it was only mildly affected by the first phase of the eruption. While roofs in Pompeii collapsed under the weight of falling debris, only a few centimetres of ash fell on Herculaneum, causing little damage but nonetheless prompting many inhabitants to flee.
Because initial excavations revealed only a few skeletons of men, women and children, it was long thought that nearly all of the inhabitants had managed to escape. It wasn't until 1981, when excavations reached the arches (perhaps boat houses) on the beach area, that this view changed. Archaeologists discovered several hundred skeletons huddled close together on the beach and in 12 arches facing the sea. Further excavations in the 1990s confirmed that at least 300 people had taken refuge in those chambers, while the town was almost completely evacuated.
During the night, the eruptive column which had risen into the stratosphere collapsed onto Vesuvius and its flanks. The first pyroclastic surge, formed by a mixture of ash and hot gases, billowed through the evacuated town of Herculaneum at . At about 1 am it reached the beach and the boat houses, where those waiting for rescue were killed instantly by the intense heat, despite being sheltered from direct impact. The study of the victims' postures and the effects on their skeletons indicate that the first surge caused instant death as a result of fulminant shock due to a temperature of about . The intense heat caused contraction of hands and feet and possibly fracture of bones and teeth.
A succession of six flows and surges buried the city's buildings from the bottom up, causing little damage and preserving structures, objects and victims almost intact. The surprisingly good state of preservation is due to several factors:
Excavation.
After earlier clandestine tunnelling, major excavation began at modern Ercolano in 1738 by Spanish engineer Rocque Joaquin de Alcubierre. The elaborate publication of "Le Antichità di Ercolano" ("The Antiquities of Herculaneum") under the patronage of the King of the Two Sicilies had an effect on incipient European Neoclassicism out of all proportion to its limited circulation; in the later 18th century, motifs from Herculaneum began to appear on stylish furnishings, from decorative wall-paintings and tripod tables to perfume burners and teacups. However, excavation ceased once the nearby town of Pompeii was discovered, which was significantly easier to excavate owing to the reduced amount of debris covering the site (four meters as opposed to Herculaneum's twenty meters). In the twentieth century, excavation once again resumed in the town. However, many public and private buildings, including the forum complex, are yet to be excavated.
Skeletal remains.
In 1981, Italian public works employees, under the direction of Dr. Giuseppe Maggi, found bones at the Herculaneum site while digging a drainage trench. Italian officials, at Dr. Maggi's urging, called in Sara C. Bisel, a physical anthropologist from the United States, to oversee the excavation and study the bones of the victims found on the beach and within the first six boat chambers. This research was funded with a grant from the National Geographic Society.
Until this discovery, there were few Roman skeletal remains available for academic study, as Ancient Romans regularly practiced cremation in this period. Excavations in the port area of Herculaneum initially turned up more than 55 skeletons: 30 adult males, 13 adult females and 12 children. The skeletons were found on the seafront, where it is believed they had fled in an attempt to escape the volcanic eruption. This group includes the "Ring Lady" (image at right), named for the rings on her fingers.
Through the chemical analysis of those remains, Dr. Bisel was able to gain greater insight into the health and nutrition of the Herculaneum population. Quantities of lead were found in some of the skeletons, which led to speculation of lead poisoning. The physical examination of the bones yielded additional information. The presence of scarring on the pelvis, for instance, gave some indication of the number of children a woman had borne.
In 1997–1999, new excavations conducted by Pier Paolo Petrone, a bio anthropologist at the Museum of Anthropology of the University of Naples Federico II, in collaboration with Giuseppe Mastrolorenzo, volcanologist at the Vesuvius Observatory, and Mario Pagano, then director at the Herculaneum site, investigated three chambers that had been left unearthed, part of a scientific project to study directly in situ the effects of the eruption on people, structures and things. The results of this research, published by "Nature" in 2001, had a wide press circulation and several scientific documentaries were produced by international broadcasters.
Casts of skeletons were also produced, to replace the original bones after taphonomic study, scientific documentation and excavation. In contrast to Pompeii, where casts resembling the body features of the victims were produced by filling the body imprints in the ash deposit with plaster, the shape of corpses of those killed at Herculaneum could not be preserved, due to the rapid vaporization and replacement of the flesh of the victims by the hot ash (ca. 500 °C). A cast of the victims' skeletons unearthed within chamber 10 is on display at the Museum of Anthropology in Naples.
Recent multidisciplinary research on the lethal effects of the pyroclastic surges in the Vesuvius area showed that in the vicinity of Pompeii and Herculaneum heat was the main cause of death of people, who were heretofore presumed to have died by ash suffocation. This study shows that exposure to at least 250 °C hot surges even at a distance of 10 kilometres from the vent was sufficient to cause the instant death of all residents, even if they were sheltered within buildings.
Specific buildings.
"To expand this section, translate :it:Scavi archeologici di Ercolano."
Open excavation.
The buildings at the site are grouped in blocks (insulae), defined by the intersection of the east-west (cardi) and north-south (decumani) streets.
Hence we have Insula II – Insula VII running anti-clockwise from Insula II. To the east are two additional blocks: Orientalis I (oI) and Orientalis II (oII). To the south of Orientalis I (oI) lies one additional group of buildings known as the "Suburban District" (SD).
Individual buildings having their own entrance number. For example, the House of the Deer is labelled (Ins IV, 3).
The House of Aristides (Ins II, 1).
The first building in insula II is the House of Aristides. The entrance opens directly onto the atrium, but the remains of the house are not particularly well preserved due to damage caused by previous excavations. The lower floor was probably used for storage.
The House of Argus (Ins II, 2).
The second house in insula II got its name from a fresco of Argus and Io which once adorned a reception room off the large peristyle. The fresco is now lost, but its name lives on. This building must have been one of the finer villas in Herculaneum.
The discovery of the house in the late 1820s was notable because it was the first time a second floor had been unearthed in such detail. The excavation revealed a second floor balcony overlooking Cardo III. Also wooden shelving and cupboards. However, with the passing of time, these elements have now been lost.
The House of the Genius (Ins II, 3).
To the north of the House of Argus lies the House of the Genius. It has been only partially excavated but it appears to have been a spacious building. The house derives its name from the statue of a cupid that formed part of a candlestick. In the centre of the peristyle are the remains of a rectangular basin.
The House of the Alcove (Ins IV).
The house is actually two buildings joined together. As a consequence of this it is a mixture of plain and simple rooms combined with some highly decorated ones.
The atrium is covered, so lacks the usual impluvium. It retains its original flooring of opus tesselatum and opus sectile. Off the atrium is a biclinium richly decorated with frescoes in the fourth style and a large triclinium which originally had a marble floor. A number of other rooms, one of which is the apsed alcove after which the house was named, can be reached via a hall which gets its light from a small courtyard.
College of the Augustales.
Temple of the augustales or priests of the Imperial cult.
Central Thermae.
The Central Thermae were bath houses built around the first century AD. Bath houses were very common at that time, especially in Pompeii and Herculaneum. Per common practice, there were two different bath areas, one for men and the other for women. These houses were extremely popular, attracting many visitors daily. This cultural hub was also home to several works of art, which can be found in various areas of the Central Thermae site.
Villa of the Papyri.
The most famous of the luxurious villas at Herculaneum is the "Villa of the Papyri." It was once identified as the magnificent seafront retreat for Lucius Calpurnius Piso Caesoninus, Julius Caesar's father-in-law; however, it has emerged that the objects thought to be associated with Lucius Calpurnius Piso Caesonius correspond more closely to a greatly standardized assemblage, and cannot indicate, with certainty, the owner of the villa. The villa stretches down towards the sea in four terraces. Piso, a literate man who patronized poets and philosophers, built a fine library there, the only one to survive intact from antiquity.
Between 1752 and 1754 numerous blackened unreadable papyrus scrolls were serendipitously recovered from the Villa of the Papyri by workmen. These scrolls became known as the Herculaneum papyri or scrolls, the majority of which are today stored at the National Library, Naples. The scrolls are badly carbonized, but a large number have been unrolled, with varying degrees of success. Computer-enhanced multi-spectral imaging, in the infra-red range, helps make the ink legible. There is now a real prospect that it will be possible to read the unopened rolls using X-rays. The same techniques could be applied to the rolls waiting to be discovered in the as-yet unexcavated part of the villa, eliminating the need for potentially damaging the rolls by unrolling them.
A team spent a month in summer 2009, making numerous X-ray scans of two of the rolls that are stored at the French National Academy in Paris. They hoped that computer processing would convert the scans into digital images showing the interiors of the rolls and revealing the ancient writing. The main fear, however, was that the Roman writers might have used carbon-based inks, which would be essentially invisible to the scans.
That fear has turned out to be fact.
They now hope that re-scanning the rolls with more powerful X-ray equipment will reveal the text.
Issues of conservation.
The volcanic water, ash and debris covering Herculaneum, along with the extreme heat, left it in a remarkable state of preservation for over 1600 years. However, once excavations began, exposure to the elements began the slow process of deterioration. This was not helped by the methods of archaeology used earlier in the town's excavation, which generally centered around recovering valuable artifacts rather than ensuring the survival of all artifacts. In the early 1980s and under the direction of Dr. Sara C. Bisel, preservation of the skeletal remains became a high priority. The carbonised remains of organic materials, when exposed to the air, deteriorated over a matter of days, and destroyed many of the remains until a way of preserving them was formed.
Today, tourism and vandalism have damaged many of the areas open to the public, and water damage coming from the modern Ercolano has undermined many of the foundations of the buildings. Reconstruction efforts have often proved counterproductive. However, in modern times conservation efforts have been more successful. Today excavations have been temporarily discontinued, in order to direct all funding to help save the city.
A large number of artifacts from Herculaneum are preserved in the Naples National Archaeological Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21476681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476681" title="Scimitar">
Scimitar

A scimitar ( or ) is a backsword or sabre with a curved blade, originating in Southwest Asia (Middle East).
The curved sword or "scimitar" was widespread throughout the Middle East from at least the Ottoman period (but a lot of similar swords like Zulfikar, al-Mikhdham, al-Qadib... etc. were already used by Arabs), with early examples dating to Abbasid era (9th century) Khurasan.
The type harks back to the makhaira type of antiquity, but the Arabic term "saif" is a loan from Greek xiphos (the straight, double-edged sword of Greek antiquity).
The Persian sword now called "shamshir" appears by the 12th century and was popularized in Persia by the early 16th century, and had "relatives" in Turkey (the kilij), the Mughal Empire (the talwar).
Names.
The name is thought to be derived from the Persian word "shamshēr" which literally means “paw claw,” due to its long, curved design. The word has been translated through many languages to end at "scimitar". In the Early Middle Ages, the Turkic people of Central Asia came into contact with Middle Eastern civilizations through their shared Islamic faith. Turkic Ghilman slave-soldiers serving under the Umayyad and Abbasid Caliphates introduced "kilij" type sabers to all of the other Middle Eastern cultures. Previously, Arabs and Persians used straight-bladed swords such as the Indo-Persian "khanda" and earlier types of the Arab "saif", "takoba" and "kaskara".
During Islamizaton of the Turks, the "kilij" became more and more popular in the İslamic armies. When the Seljuk Empire invaded Persia and became the first Turkic Muslim political power in Western Asia, "kilij" became the dominant sword form. The Iranian "shamshir" was created during the Turkic Seljuk Empire period of Iran.
The term "saif" in Arabic can refer to any Middle Eastern (or North African, South Asian) curved sword.
The Arabic word is ultimately derived from the ancient Greek "xiphos", but it is not necessarily a direct loan from the Greek, it may have entered Arabic from another source, as both "saif" and "xiphos" go back to an old (Bronze Age) Wanderwort of the eastern Mediterranean, of unknown ultimate origin. Richard F. Burton derives both words from the Egyptian "sfet".
The English term scimitar is attested from the mid-16th century, derives from either the Middle French "cimeterre" (15th century) or from the Italian "scimitarra". The ultimate source of these terms is unknown. Perhaps they are corruptions of the Persian "shamshir", but the OED finds this explanation "unsatisfactory".
The following are regional terms for the scimitar:
Morphology.
The curved sword, the sabre, is called muhaddab in Arabia and occurred after the Turkish Seljuk migration from Central Asia to Anatolia, popularizing the pre-existing Byzantine sabre designs for cavalry use, which influenced the entire region. The word shamshir is Persian and refers to a straight-edged sword as well as to a curved-edged sword, depending on the era of usage.
The Indian "talwar" is a sword similar to the shamshir, with the exception of a broader blade, mild curve and a disk shaped pommel which provides a very secure grip. The sword is made from very hard wootz steel. The word "tulwar" literally means "sword" in Urdu/Hindi. The tulwar is unusual in that it can be used for thrusting as well as cutting.
The "kilij" is a scimitar used by the Turks and the Ottoman Empire; it appeared around the 15th century. The kilij is a unique kind of scimitar that has a slight taper down the straight of the blade until the last third of the sword, when it angles sharply and becomes deeper. After the First Barbary War, a bejeweled kilij was presented to the commanding Marine officer, thus beginning the tradition of granting, to all United States Marine Corps officers, the right to carry the ceremonial weapon as part of that tradition.
The Moroccan "nimcha" is a scimitar used in the late 18th century, and is usually forged using the blades of older swords, dating from as early as the 17th century, and with blades from countries as distant as Germany. This created a wide variety of nimcha, and almost no two are the same.
The Afghan "pulwar" is similar in blade design to the tulwar, but the cross guard on the pulwar angles in towards the blade to catch swords. Many pulwar hilts are engraved with ornamental inscriptions and designs.
Use.
Scimitars were used in horse warfare because of their relatively light weight when compared to larger swords and their curved design, good for slashing opponents while riding on a horse. The curved design allowed riders to slash enemies and keep riding without getting stuck as stabbing with straight swords on horseback would. Mongols, Rajputs and Sikhs used scimitars in warfare, among many other peoples.
Many Islamic traditions adopted scimitars, as attested by their symbolic occurrence, e.g., on the Coat of arms of Saudi Arabia.
The earliest known use of scimitars is from the 9th century, when it was used among Turkic and Tungusic soldiers in Central Asia.
The scimitar is also used in Saudi Arabia as an executioner's tool for beheading.
Symbolism.
The sword (or "saif") is an important symbol in Arab cultures, and is used as a metaphor in many phrases in the Arabic language.
The word occurs also in various symbolic and status titles in Arabic (and adopted in other languages) used in Islamic states, notably:
Saif and "Saif al Din" "Sword of the religion" are also common masculine (and male) Islamic names.
The scimitar appears as a symbol of the Russian enemy in the Finnish coat of arms of the Province of Karelia, which depicts two armored arms fighting with swords. The dexter sword symbolizes Swedish forces and the West, while the sinister scimitar symbolizes Russians and the East. Karelia has been a battleground between the Swedish and Russian empires for centuries. From this context, the sword and scimitar have found their way into the coat of arms of Finland, which depicts a lion brandishing a sword and trampling a scimitar. During the period of Russian sovereignty over Finland (1809–1917), the scimitar was moved to the left paw of the lion, only to be returned to being trampled with the independence of Finland in 1917.
Swords related to Scimitar.
Many swords are related to the Scimitar
External links.
Saif almamaari 5 anith and Manyook

</doc>
<doc id="21476691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476691" title="Character orientation">
Character orientation

Character orientation is how people relate to the world by acquiring and using things (assimilation) and by relating to self and others (socialization), and they can do so either nonproductively or productively. Erich Fromm is a theorist who came up with six different character orientations; Receptive, Exploitative, Hoarding, Necrophilous, Marketing and Productive.
History.
German-American psychoanalyst Erich Fromm was influenced by Freudian ideologies when coming up with the theory of character orientation. The basis of character orientation comes from Freud who said that character traits underlie behavior and that they must be inferred from it. These character traits can be powerful forces which are totally unconscious to the person. Fromm along with Freud believed that the most important aspect in one's character was not a single character trait, but rather, the total character organization from where many single character traits follow. These character traits can be understood as a syndrome resulting from a particular character orientation. In other words, the character of any given person is a blend of all, or some of the orientations, but where one is more predominant.
Nonproductive Orientation.
Receptive Orientation
They receive satisfaction from outside factors, and thus they passively wait for others to provide them with things that they need. For example, they want someone to provide them with love and attention. They are not the ones to give these things away and often lose loved ones who are close to them because of their inabilities to talk about their feelings or troubles. They find it hard to let go of past issues, often trivial, and develop a feeling of a secure present and future. They tend to see minor, innocent things as a threat to their security with a spouse or loved one. A receptive person is known for his huge lack of creativity.
Exploitative Orientation
Exploitative-oriented people aggressively take what they want rather than passively receiving it. These types of people do whatever they can to get what they want; even if it includes stealing, or snatching something away from somebody else just to get it.
Hoarding Orientation
Hoarding oriented people save what they already have obtained, including their opinions, feelings, and material possessions. It may be love, power, or someone’s time.
Marketing Orientation
People who are marketing orientated see themselves as commodities and value themselves against the criterion of their ability to sell themselves. They have fewer positive qualities than the other orientations because they are essentially empty.
Productive Orientation.
There is a healthy personality as well, which Erich Fromm occasionally refers to as "the person without a mask" . This is the type of person who, without disavowing his or her biological and social nature, does not avoid freedom and responsibility. This person most likely comes out of a family that loves, which prefers reason to rules, and freedom to conformity.

</doc>
<doc id="21476696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476696" title="Hypobapta diffundens">
Hypobapta diffundens

Hypobapta diffundens is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Queensland.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
The larvae feed on "Eucalyptus" species. 

</doc>
<doc id="21476708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476708" title="Sargon of Akkad">
Sargon of Akkad

Sargon of Akkad, also known as Sargon the Great "the Great King" (Akkadian "Šarru-kīnu", meaning "the true king" or "the king is legitimate"), was a Semitic Akkadian emperor famous for his conquest of the Sumerian city-states in the 23rd and 22nd centuries BC. The founder of the Dynasty of Akkad, Sargon reigned during the last quarter of the third millennium BC. Cuneiform sources agree that he was cup-bearer (official in charge of wine) of king Ur-Zababa of Kish, and some later historians have speculated that he killed the king and usurped his throne before embarking on the quest to conquer Mesopotamia. He was originally referred to as "Sargon I" until records concerning an Assyrian king also named Sargon (now usually referred to as Sargon I) were unearthed.
Sargon's vast empire is thought to have included large parts of Mesopotamia, and included parts of modern-day Iran, Asia Minor and Syria. He ruled from a new, but as yet archaeologically unidentified capital, Akkad, which the Sumerian king list claims he built (or possibly renovated). He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic, centrally ruled empire, although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim. His dynasty controlled Mesopotamia for around a century and a half (150 years).
Origins and rise to power.
The exact dates of Sargon's birth, death or even reign are unknown. According to the short chronology, he reigned from 2270 to 2215 BC (the Middle Chronology lists his reign as 2334 to 2279 BC). These dates are based on the Sumerian king list. There is discussion among Assyriologists over whether or not the name Sargon was given at birth or a regnal name adopted later in life.
The story of Sargon's birth and childhood is given in the "Sargon legend", a Sumerian text purporting to be Sargon's biography. The extant versions are incomplete, but the surviving fragments name Sargon's father as La'ibum. After a lacuna, the text skips to Ur-Zababa, king of Kish, who awakens after a dream, the contents of which are not revealed on the surviving portion of the tablet. For unknown reasons, Ur-Zababa appoints Sargon as his cup-bearer. Soon after this, Ur-Zababa invites Sargon to his chambers to discuss a dream of Sargon's, involving the favor of the goddess Inanna and the drowning of Ur-Zababa by the goddess. Deeply frightened, Ur-Zababa orders Sargon murdered by the hands of Beliš-tikal, the chief smith, but Inanna prevents it, demanding that Sargon stop at the gates because of his being "polluted with blood." When Sargon returns to Ur-Zababa, the king becomes frightened again, and decides to send Sargon to king Lugal-zage-si of Uruk with a message on a clay tablet asking him to slay Sargon. The legend breaks off at this point; presumably, the missing sections described how Sargon becomes king.
The Sumerian king list relates: "In Agade Sargon, whose father was a gardener, the cup-bearer of Ur-Zababa, became king, the king of Agade, who built Agade; he ruled for 56 years." There are several problems with this entry in the king list. Thorkild Jacobsen marked the clause about Sargon's father being a gardener as a lacuna, indicating his uncertainty about its meaning. Ur-Zababa and Lugal-zage-si are both listed as kings, but separated by several additional named rulers of Kish, who seem to have been merely governors or vassals under the Akkadian Empire. The claim that Sargon was the original founder of Akkad has come into question in recent years, with the discovery of an inscription mentioning the place and dated to the first year of Enshakushanna, who almost certainly preceded him. The "Weidner Chronicle" (ABC 19:51) states that it was Sargon who built Babylon "in front of Akkad." The "Chronicle of Early Kings" (ABC 20:18-19) likewise states that late in his reign, Sargon "dug up the soil of the pit of Babylon, and made a counterpart of Babylon next to Agade." Van de Mieroop suggested that those two chronicles may in fact refer to the much later Assyrian king, Sargon II of the Neo-Assyrian Empire, rather than to Sargon of Akkad.
Sargon survives as a legendary figure into the Neo-Assyrian literature of the Early Iron Age. Tablets with fragments of a Sargon Birth Legend were found in the Library of Ashurbanipal from the 7th century BC. According to this legend, Sargon was the illegitimate son of a priestess (older translations describe his mother as lowly). She brought him forth in secret and placed him in a basket of reeds on the river. He was found by Akki the irrigator who raised him as his own son.
Formation of the Akkadian Empire.
After coming to power in Kish, Sargon killed the king of Kish. After having the army of Kish follow him, Sargon soon attacked Uruk, which was ruled by Lugal-Zage-Si of Umma. He captured Uruk and dismantled its famous walls. The defenders seem to have fled the city, joining an army led by fifty ensis from the provinces. This Sumerian force fought two pitched battles against the Akkadians, as a result of which the remaining forces of Lugal-Zage-Si were routed. Lugal-Zage-Si himself was captured and brought to Nippur; Sargon inscribed on the pedestal of a statue (preserved in a later tablet) that he brought Lugal-Zage-Si "in a dog collar to the gate of Enlil." Sargon pursued his enemies to Ur before moving eastwards to Lagash, to the Persian Gulf, and thence to Umma. He made a symbolic gesture of washing his weapons in the "lower sea" (Persian Gulf) to show that he had conquered Sumer in its entirety.
Another victory Sargon celebrated was over Kashtubila, king of Kazalla. According to one ancient source, Sargon laid the city of Kazalla to waste so effectively "that the birds could not find a place to perch away from the ground."
To help limit the chance of revolt in Sumer he appointed a court of 5,400 men who he knew would stay loyal to "share his table" (i.e., to administer his empire). These 5,400 men may have constituted Sargon's army. The governors chosen by Sargon to administer the main city-states of Sumer were Akkadians, not Sumerians. The Semitic Akkadian language became the "Lingua Franca", the official language of inscriptions in all Mesopotamia, and of great influence far beyond. Sargon's empire maintained trade and diplomatic contacts with kingdoms around the Arabian Sea and elsewhere in the Near East. Sargon's inscriptions report that ships from Magan, Meluhha, and Dilmun, among other places, rode at anchor in his capital of Agade. Sargon also knocked down every wall and destroyed all depictions of the previous kings.
The former religious institutions of Sumer, already well-known and emulated by the Semites, were respected. Sumerian remained, in large part, the language of religion and Sargon and his successors were patrons of the Sumerian cults. Sargon styled himself "anointed priest of Anu" and "great "ensi" of Enlil". While Sargon is often credited with the first true empire, Lugal-Zage-Si preceded him; after coming to power in Umma he had conquered or otherwise come into possession of Ur, Uruk, Nippur, and Lagash. Lugal-Zage-Si claimed rulership over lands as far away as the Mediterranean.
While various copies of the Sumerian king list credit Sargon with a 56, 55, or 54 year reign, dated documents have been found for only four different year-names of his actual reign. The names of these four years describe his campaigns against Elam, Mari, Simurrum (a Hurrian region), and Uru'a (an Elamite city-state). His Akkadian dynasty continued another century after his reign.
Wars in the northwest and east.
Shortly after securing Sumer, Sargon embarked on a series of campaigns to subjugate the entire Fertile Crescent. According to the "Chronicle of Early Kings", a later Babylonian historiographical text:
Sargon captured Mari, Yarmuti, and Ebla as far as the Cedar Forest (Amanus) and the silver mountain (Taurus). The Akkadian Empire secured trade routes and supplies of wood and precious metals could be safely and freely floated down the Euphrates to Akkad.
In the east, Sargon defeated an invasion by the four leaders of Elam, led by the king of Awan. Their cities were sacked; the governors, viceroys, and kings of Susa, Barhashe, and neighboring districts became vassals of Akkad, and the Akkadian language became the lingua franca of the entire region. During Sargon's reign, Akkadian was standardized and adapted for use with the cuneiform script previously used in the Sumerian language. A style of calligraphy developed in which text on clay tablets and cylinder seals was arranged amidst scenes of mythology and ritual.
Innovations.
Sargon was known for being the first individual in recorded history to have an empire and keep a standing army with paid, full-time soldiers.
Later reign.
The "Epic of the King of the Battle" is known from an Akkadian-language tablet in the Amarna archives; translations have since been discovered in Hittite and Hurrian. It depicts Sargon advancing deep into the heart of Anatolia to protect Akkadian and other Mesopotamian merchants from the exactions of the King of Purushanda (Purshahanda). It is anachronistic, however, portraying the 23rd-century Sargon in a 19th-century milieu; the story is thus probably fictional, though it may have some basis in historical fact. The same text mentions that Sargon crossed the Sea of the West (Mediterranean Sea) and ended up in Kuppara, which some authors have interpreted as the Akkadian word for Keftiu, an ancient locale usually associated with Crete or Cyprus.
Famine and war threatened Sargon's empire during the latter years of his reign. The "Chronicle of Early Kings" reports that revolts broke out throughout the area under the last years of his overlordship:
However, A. Leo Oppenheim translates the last sentence as "From the East to the West he Marduk alienated (them) from him and inflicted upon (him as punishment) that he could not rest (in his grave)."
Later literature proposes that the rebellions and other troubles of Sargon's later reign were the result of sacrilegious acts committed by the king. Modern consensus is that the veracity of these claims are impossible to determine, as disasters were virtually always attributed to sacrilege inspiring divine wrath in ancient Mesopotamian literature.
Legacy.
Sargon died, according to the short chronology, around 2215 BC. His empire immediately revolted upon hearing of the king's death. Most of the revolts were put down by his son and successor Rimush, who reigned for nine years and was followed by another of Sargon's sons, Manishtushu (who reigned for 15 years). Sargon was regarded as a model by Mesopotamian kings for some two millennia after his death. The Assyrian and Babylonian kings who based their empires in Mesopotamia saw themselves as the heirs of Sargon's empire. Kings such as Nabonidus (r. 556–539 BC) showed great interest in the history of the Sargonid dynasty, and even conducted excavations of Sargon's palaces and those of his successors. Indeed, such later rulers may have been inspired by the king's conquests to embark on their own campaigns throughout the Middle East. The Neo-Assyrian Sargon text challenges his successors thus:
Another source attributed to Sargon the challenge "now, any king who wants to call himself my equal, wherever I went , let him go."
Family.
The name of Sargon's main wife, Queen Tashlultum, and those of a number of his children are known to us. His daughter Enheduanna, who flourished during the late 24th and early 23rd centuries BC, was a priestess who composed ritual hymns. Many of her works, including her "Exaltation of Inanna", were in use for centuries thereafter. Sargon was succeeded by his son Rimush; after Rimush's death another son, Manishtushu, became king. Manishtushu would be succeeded by his own son, Naram-Sin. Two other sons, Shu-Enlil (Ibarum) and Ilaba'is-takal (Abaish-Takal), are known.
In comparative mythology.
Similarities between the Neo-Assyrian Sargon Birth Legend and other infant birth exposures in ancient literature, including Moses, Karna, and Oedipus, were noted by Otto Rank in 1909. The legend was also studied in detail by Brian Lewis, and compared with a number of different examples of the infant birth exposure motif found in European and Asian folk tales. He discusses a possible archetype form, giving particular attention to the Sargon legend and the account of the birth of Moses. Joseph Campbell has also made such comparisons.
Sargon is also one of the many suggestions for the identity or inspiration for the biblical Nimrod. Ewing William (1910) suggested Sargon based on his unification of the Babylonians and the Neo-Assyrian birth legend. Yigal Levin (2002) suggested that Nimrod was a recollection of Sargon and of his grandson Naram-Sin, with the name "Nimrod" derived from the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="21476709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476709" title="Clare of Assisi">
Clare of Assisi

Saint Clare of Assisi (sometimes spelled Clair, Claire, etc.) (July 16, 1194 – August 11, 1253), born Chiara Offreduccio, is an Italian saint and one of the first followers of Saint Francis of Assisi. She founded the Order of Poor Ladies, a monastic religious order for women in the Franciscan tradition, and wrote their Rule of Life—the first monastic rule known to have been written by a woman. Following her death, the order she founded was renamed in her honor as the Order of Saint Clare, commonly referred to today as the Poor Clares.
Biography.
St. Clare was born in Assisi, the eldest daughter of Favorino Sciffi, Count of Sasso-Rosso and his wife Ortolana. Ortolana was a very devout woman who had undertaken pilgrimages to Rome, Santiago de Compostela and the Holy Land. Later on in her life, Ortolana entered Clare's monastery, together with Agnes and Beatrix, Clare's sisters. 
As a child, Clare was devoted to prayer. When she turned 12 her parents wanted her to marry a young and wealthy man, but she preferred to wait until she was 18. However, at the age of 18 she heard Francis's preachings which would subsequently change her life. Francis told her that she was chosen by God. Soon after, on Palm Sunday, when people went to collect palm branches, she stayed home. That night she ran away to follow Francis. Francis cut her hair and dressed her in a black tunic and a thick black veil. Clare was placed in the convent of the Benedictine nuns near Bastia from where her father made several unsuccessful attempts to abduct her, still wanting her to get married. Clare, joined by her sister Agnes, soon moved in a place close to the church of San Damiano, which Francis had rebuilt. Other women joined them and San Damiano became known for its radical austere lifestyle. The women were at first known as the "Poor Ladies".
San Damiano became the centre of Clare's new religious order, which was known in her lifetime as the "Order of San Damiano". San Damiano was long thought to be the first house of this order, however, recent scholarship strongly suggests that San Damiano actually joined an existing network of women's religious houses organized by Hugolino (who later became Pope Gregory IX). Hugolino wanted San Damiano as part of the order he founded because of the prestige of Clare's monastery. San Damiano emerged as the most important house in the order, and Clare became its undisputed leader. By 1263, just ten years after Clare's death, the order had become known as the Order of Saint Clare.
Unlike the Franciscan friars, whose members moved around the country to preach, Saint Clare's sisters lived in enclosure, since an itinerant life was hardly conceivable at the time for women. Their life consisted of manual labour and prayer.
For a short period of time the order was directed by Francis himself. Then in 1216, Clare accepted the role of abbess of San Damiano. As abbess, Clare had more authority to lead the order than when she was the prioress, who had to follow the orders of a priest heading the community. Clare defended her order from the attempts of prelates to impose a rule on them that more closely resembled the Rule of Saint Benedict than Francis' stricter vows. Clare sought to imitate Francis' virtues and way of life so much so that she was sometimes titled "alter Franciscus", another Francis. She also played a significant role in encouraging and aiding Francis, whom she saw as a spiritual father figure, and she took care of him during his illnesses at the end of his life, until his death in 1226.
After Francis's death, Clare continued to promote the growth of her order, writing letters to abbesses in other parts of Europe and thwarting every attempt by each successive pope to impose a rule on her order which watered down the radical commitment to corporate poverty she had originally embraced. She did this despite the fact that she endured a long period of poor health until her death. Clare's Franciscan theology of joyous poverty in imitation of Christ is evident in the rule she wrote for her community and in her four letters to Agnes of Prague.
Post death.
On August 9, 1253, the papal bull "Solet annuere" of Pope Innocent IV confirmed that Clare's rule would serve as the governing rule for Clare's Order of Poor Ladies. Two days later, on August 11, Clare died at the age of 59. Her remains were interred at the chapel of "San Giorgio" while a church to hold her remains was being constructed.
On August 15, 1255, Pope Alexander IV canonized Clare as Saint Clare of Assisi. Construction of the Basilica of Saint Clare was completed in 1260, and on October 3 of that year Clare's remains were transferred to the newly completed basilica where they were buried beneath the high altar. In further recognition of the saint, Pope Urban IV officially changed the name of the Order of Poor Ladies to the Order of Saint Clare in 1263.
Some 600 years later in 1872, Saint Clare's remains were transferred to a newly constructed shrine in the crypt of the Basilica of Saint Clare where they can still be seen today.
Legacy.
Pope Pius XII designated her as the patron saint of television in 1958, on the basis that when she was too ill to attend Mass, she had reportedly been able to see and hear it on the wall of her room. The American Catholic television channel Eternal Word Television Network (EWTN) was founded by a Poor Clare nun, Mother Angelica.
In art, Clare is often shown carrying a monstrance or pyx, in commemoration of the time when she warded away the soldiers of Frederick II at the gates of her convent by displaying the Blessed Sacrament and kneeling in prayer.
Lake Saint Clair and the Saint Clair River in the Great Lakes region of North America were named in 1679 on her feast day, August 11. Mission Santa Clara, founded by Spanish missionaries in northern California in 1777, has given its name to the university, city, county, and valley in which it sits. Southern California's Santa Clara River is hundreds of miles to the south, and gave its name to the nearby city of Santa Clarita. Santa Clara Pueblo, New Mexico celebrates its Santa Clara Feast Day annually on August 12, as the feast was celebrated before the 1969 calendar change.
Clare was canonized two years after her death and her feast day was immediately inserted in the General Roman Calendar for celebration on August 12, the day following her death, as August 11 was already assigned to Saints Tiburtius and Susanna, two 3rd-century Roman martyrs. The celebration was ranked as a Double (as in the Tridentine Calendar) or, in the terminology adopted in 1960, a Third-Class Feast (as in the General Roman Calendar of 1960). The 1969 calendar revision removed the feast of Tiburtius and Susanna from the calendar, finally allowing the memorial of Saint Clare to be celebrated on August 11, the day of her death. Her body is no longer claimed to be incorrupt, and her skeleton is displayed in Assisi.

</doc>
<doc id="21476714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476714" title="Izrod na granici">
Izrod na granici

Izrod na granici (trans. "Bastard on the Border") is an EP released by former Yugoslav hard rock band Rok Mašina, released in 1983. The EP was released after the band disbanded in 1982, and featured a part of the material the band recorded while working on their second studio album.
The EP features a live version of the song "Bilo mi je bolje", recorded on the Belgrade Rock Festival held in Pionir Hall in September 1982, which was also the last live performance by Rok Mašina. The song "Promašen san" features a recording of Aleister Crowley's voice.
Album cover.
The album cover was designed by Jugoslav Vlahović. The original album cover, also designed by Vlahović, should have featured two hands with feathers thrust through them and the bands logo and album title written in red, but was, as the band's leader Robert Nemeček stated, refused by the band's label, Jugodisk, as "politically problematic". The label soon stated that the original artwork was refused as "it might allude to some other things", but that it was not politically problematic.
Covers.
In 2012, Serbian alternative rock band Kanda, Kodža i Nebojša recorded a cover of "Granica" ("Border") for the New Year's Eve edition of Radio Television of Serbia show "Bunt".

</doc>
<doc id="21476728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476728" title="Hypodoxa muscosaria">
Hypodoxa muscosaria

Hypodoxa muscosaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found along the east coast of Australia.
The wingspan is about 40 mm. 

</doc>
<doc id="21476729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476729" title="Himi Line">
Himi Line

The is a railway line in Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West). It runs between Takaoka and Himi. 
Though technically different lines, the Himi Line and the Jōhana Line are sometimes advertised as a single entity. Both start from Takaoka Station and share train sets with local livery.
Stations.
All stations are in Toyama Prefecture

</doc>
<doc id="21476769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476769" title="Histria Agata">
Histria Agata

History.
Histria Agata was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2007 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products. 
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni. 
Technical description.
The Histria Agata is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.

</doc>
<doc id="21476772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476772" title="Vedic period">
Vedic period

The Vedic period (or Vedic age) (ca.1750–500 BCE) was the period in Indian history during which the Vedas, the oldest scriptures of Hinduism, were composed. 
During the early part of the Vedic period, the Indo-Aryans settled into northern India, bringing with them their specific religious traditions. The associated culture (sometimes referred to as Vedic civilization) was initially a tribal, pastoral society centred in the northwestern parts of the Indian subcontinent; it spread after 1200 BCE to the Ganges Plain, as it was shaped by increasing settled agriculture, a hierarchy of four social classes, and the emergence of monarchical, state-level polities.
The end of the Vedic period witnessed the rise of large, urbanized states as well as of shramana movements (including Jainism and Buddhism) which challenged the Vedic orthodoxy. Around the beginning of the Common Era, the Vedic tradition formed one of the main constituents of the so-called "Hindu synthesis"
History.
Origins.
The commonly proposed period of earlier Vedic age is dated back to 2nd millennium BCE. After the collapse of the Indus Valley Civilisation, which ended ca. 1900 BCE, groups of Indo-Aryan peoples migrated into North-western India and started to inhabit the northern Indus Valley. 
The Indo-Aryans were a branch of the Indo-Iranians, which originated in the Andronovo culture in the Bactria-Margiana era, in present northern Afghanistan. The roots of this culture go back further to the Sintashta culture, with funeral sacrifices which show close parallels to the sacrificial funeral rites of the "Rig Veda". The Indo-Aryans split-off around 1800-1600 BCE from the Iranians, where-after they were defeated and split into two groups by the Iranians, who dominated the Central Eurasian steppe zone and "chased them to the extermities of Central Eurasia." One group were the Indo-Aryans who founded the Mitanni kingdom in northern Syria (ca.1500-1300 BCE). The other group were the Vedic people, who were pursued by the Iranians "across the Near East to the Levant (the lands of the eastern Mediterranean littoral), across Iran into India."
The knowledge about the Aryans comes mostly from the Rigveda-samhita, which was composed between ca. 1500-1200 BCE. They brought with them their distinctive religious traditions and practices. The Vedic beliefs and practices of the pre-classical era were closely related to the hypothesised Proto-Indo-European religion, and the Indo-Iranian religion. According to Anthony, the Old Indic religion probably emerged among Indo-European immigrants in the contact zone between the Zeravshan River (present-day Uzbekistan) and (present-day) Iran. It was "a syncretic mixture of old Central Asian and new Indo-European elements", which borrowed "distinctive religious beliefs and practices" from the Bactria–Margiana Culture. At least 383 non-Indo-European words were borrowed from this culture, including the god Indra and the ritual drink Soma. According to Anthony,
Early Vedic Period (1750–1000 BCE).
These migrations may have been accompanied with violent clashes with the people who already inhabited this region. The "Rig Veda" contains accounts of conflicts between the Aryas and the Dasas and Dasyus. The "Rig Veda" describes Dasas and Dasyus as people who do not perform sacrifices ("akratu") or obey the commandments of gods ("avrata"). Their speech is described as "mridhra" which could variously mean soft, uncouth, hostile, scornful or abusive. Other adjectives which describe their physical appearance are subject to many interpretations. However, many modern scholars connect the Dasas and Dasyus to Iranian tribes Dahae and Dahyu and believe that Dasas and Dasyus were early Indo–Aryan immigrants who arrived into the subcontinent before the Vedic Aryans.
Internecine military conflicts between the various tribes of Vedic Aryans are also described in the "Rig Veda". Most notable of such conflicts was the Battle of Ten Kings which took place on the banks of the river Parushni (modern day Ravi). The battle was fought between the tribe "Bharatas", led by their chief Sudas, against a confederation of ten tribes— Puru, Yadu, Turvasha, Anu, Druhyu, Alina, Bhalanas, Paktha, Siva, Vishanin. Bharatas lived around the upper regions of the river Saraswati, while Purus, their western neighbours, lived along the lower regions of Saraswati. The other tribes dwelt north–west of the Bharatas in the region of Punjab. Division of the waters of Ravi could have been a reason for the war. The confederation of tribes tried to inundate the Bharatas by opening the embankments of Ravi, yet Sudas emerged victorious in the Battle of Ten Kings. Purukutsa, the chief of Purus, was killed in the battle and the Bharatas and the Purus merged into a new tribe Kuru after the war.
Later Vedic period (1000–500 BCE).
After the 12th century BCE, as the "Rig Veda" had taken its final form, the Vedic society transitioned from semi–nomadic life to settled agriculture. Vedic culture extended into the western Ganges Plain. The Gangetic plains had remained out of bounds to the Vedic tribes because of thick forest cover. After 1000 BCE, the use of iron axes and ploughs became widespread and the jungles could be cleared with ease. This enabled the Vedic Aryans to settle at the western Gangetic plains. Many of the old tribes coalesced to form larger political units.
The Vedic religion was further developed when the Indo-Aryans migrated into the Ganges Plain after c. 1100 BCE and became settled farmers, further syncretising with the native cultures of northern India. However, the development of the "varna" system, which created a hierarchy of priests, warriors, and free peasants, ultimately led to the excluding of indigenous peoples by labelling their occupations impure.
The Kuru Kingdom, the earliest Vedic "state", was formed by a "super-tribe" which joined several tribes in a new unit. To govern this state, Vedic hymns were collected and transcribed, and new rituals were developed, which formed the now orthodox Srauta rituals. Two key figures in this process of the development of the Kuru state were the king Parikshit and his successor Janamejaya, transforming this realm into the dominant political and cultural power of northern Iron Age India.
The most famous of new religious sacrifices that arose in this period was the "Ashvamedha" (horse sacrifice). This sacrifice involved setting a consecrated horse free to roam the kingdoms for a year. The horse was followed by a chosen band of warriors. The kingdoms and chiefdoms in which the horse wandered had to pay homage or prepare to battle the king to whom the horse belonged. This sacrifice put considerable pressure on inter–state relations in this era. This period saw also the beginning of the social stratification by the use of Varna, the division of Vedic society in Kshatriya, Brahmins, Vaishya and Shudra.
The Kuru kingdom declined after its defeat by the non-Vedic Salva tribe, and the political centre of Vedic culture shifted east, into the Panchala kingdom on the Ganges. Later, the kingdom of Videha emerged as a political centre farther to the East, in what is today southern Nepal and northern Bihar state in India, reaching its prominence under the king Janaka, whose court provided patronage for Brahmin sages and philosophers such as Yajnavalkya and Uddalaka Aruni.
Second urbanisation.
By the sixth century BCE, the political units consolidated into large kingdoms called Mahajanapadas. The process of urbanization had begun in these kingdoms and commerce and travel, even over regions separated by large distances became easy. Anga, door step of modern day West Bengal, a small kingdom to the east of Magadha, formed the eastern boundary of the Vedic culture. Yadavas expanded towards the south and settled in Mathura. To the south of their kingdom was Vatsa which was governed from its capital Kausambi. The Narmada River and parts of North Western Deccan formed the southern limits. The newly formed states struggled for supremacy and started displaying imperial ambitions.
The end of Vedic India is marked by linguistic, cultural and political changes. The grammar of Pāṇini marks a final apex in the codification of Sutra texts, and at the same time the beginning of Classical Sanskrit. The invasion of Darius I of the Indus valley in the early 6th century BCE marks the beginning of outside influence, continued in the kingdoms of the Indo-Greeks. Meanwhile, within India, the shramana movements (including Jainism and Buddhism) challenged the authority and orthodoxy of Vedic scriptures and ritual.
Culture.
Society.
Rig Vedic society was relatively egalitarian in the sense that a distinct hierarchy of socio–economic classes or castes was absent. However, political hierarchy was determined by rank, where "rajan" stood at the top and "dasi" at the bottom. The words "Brahamana" and "Kshatriya" occur in various family books of the "Rig Veda", but they are not associated with the term "varna". The words "Vaishya" and "Shudra" are absent. Verses of the "Rig Veda", such as 3.44-45, indicate the absence of strict social hierarchy and the existence of social mobility:
The Vedic household was patriarchal and patrilineal. The institution of marriage was important and different types of marriages— monogamy, polygyny and polyandry are mentioned in the "Rig Veda". Both women sages and female gods were known to Vedic Aryans. However, hymns attributable to female sages are few and female gods were not as important as male ones. Women could choose their husbands and could remarry if their husbands died or disappeared. While the wife enjoyed a respectable position, she was subordinate to her husband. People consumed milk, milk products, grains, fruits and vegetables. Meat eating is mentioned, however, cows are labelled "aghnya" (not to be killed). Clothes of cotton, wool and animal skin were worn. "Soma" and "sura" were popular drinks in the Rig Vedic society, of which "soma" was sanctified by religion. Flute ("vana"), lute ("vina"), harp, cymbals, and drums were the musical instruments played and a heptatonic scale was used. Dancing, dramas, chariot racing, and gambling were other popular pastimes.
The emergence of monarchical states in the later Vedic age, led to a distancing of the "rajan" from the people and the emergence of a "varna" hierarchy. The society was divided into four social groups— Brahmanas, Kshatriyas, Vaishyas and Shudras. The later Vedic texts fixed social boundaries, roles, status and ritual purity for each of the groups. The "Shatapatha Brahmana" associates the Brahmana with purity of parentage, good conduct, glory, teaching or protecting people; Kshatriya with strength, fame, ruling, and warfare; Vaishya with material prosperity and production–related activities such as cattle rearing and agriculture; Shudras with the service of the higher "varnas". The effects of "Rajasuya" sacrifice depended on the "varna" of the sacrificer. "Rajasuya" endowed Brahmana with lustre, Kshatriya with valour, Vaishya with procreative power and Shudra with stability. The hierarchy of the top three "varnas" is ambiguous in the later Vedic texts. "Panchavamsha Brahmana" and verse 13.8.3.11 of the "Shatapatha Brahmana" place Kshatriya over Brahmana and Vaishya, whereas, verse 1.1.4.12 places Brahmana and Vaishya over the Kshatriya and Shudra. The "Purusha sukta" visualized the four "varnas" as hierarchical, but inter–related parts of an organic whole. Despite the increasing social stratification in the later Vedic times, hymns like Rig Veda IX.112, suggest some amount of social mobility: "I am a reciter of hymns, my father a physician, and my mother grinds (corn) with stones. We desire to obtain wealth in various actions."
Household became an important unit in the later Vedic age. The variety of households of the Rig Vedic era gave way to an idealized household which was headed by a "grihapati". The relations between husband and wife, father and son were hierarchically organised and the women were relegated to subordinate and docile roles. Polygyny was more common than polyandry and texts like "Tattiriya Samhita" indicate taboos around menstruating women. Various professions women took to are mentioned in the later Vedic texts. Women tended to cattle, milked cows, carded wool; were weavers, dyers, and corn grinders. Women warriors such as "Vishphala", who lost a leg in battle, are mentioned. Two female philosophers are mentioned in the Upanishads. Patrick Olivelle, in his translation of the Upanishads, writes that "the fact that these women are introduced without any attempt to justify or to explain how women could be engaged in theological matters suggests the relatively high social and religious position of at least women of some social strata during this period."
Political organisation.
Early Vedic Aryans were organised into tribes rather than kingdoms. The chief of a tribe was called a "rajan". The autonomy of the "rajan" was restricted by the tribal councils called "sabha" and "samiti". The two bodies were, in part, responsible for the governance of the tribe. The "rajan" could not accede to the throne without their approval. The distinction between the two bodies is not clear. Arthur Llewellyn Basham, a noted historian and indologist, theorises that "sabha" was a meeting of great men in the tribe, whereas, "samiti" was a meeting of all free tribesmen. Some tribes had no hereditary chiefs and were directly governed by the tribal councils. "Rajan" had a rudimentary court which was attended by courtiers ("sabhasad") and chiefs of septs ("gramani"). The main responsibility of the "rajan" was to protect the tribe. He was aided by several functionaries, including the "purohita" (chaplain), the "senani" (army chief), "dutas" (envoys) and "spash" (spies). "Purohita" performed ceremonies and spells for success in war and prosperity in peace.
In the later Vedic period, the tribes had consolidated into small kingdoms, which had a capital and a rudimentary administrative system. To aid in governing these new states, the kings and their Brahmin priests arranged Vedic hymns into collections and developed a new set of rituals (the now orthodox srauta rituals) to strengthen the emerging social hierarchy. The "rajan" was seen as the custodian of social order and the protector of "rashtra" (polity). Hereditary kingship started emerging and competitions like chariot races, cattle raids, and game of dice, which previously decided who was worthy of becoming a king, became nominal. Rituals in this era exalted the status of the king over his people. He was occasionally referred to as "samrat" (supreme ruler). "Rajan's" increasing political power enabled him to gain greater control over the productive resources. The voluntary gift offering ("bali") became compulsory tribute, however, there was no organised system of taxation. "Sabha" and "samiti" are still mentioned in later Vedic texts, though, with increasing power of king, their influence declined. By the end of the later Vedic age, different kinds of political systems such as monarchical states ("rajya"), oligarchical states ("gana" or "sangha"), and tribal principalities had emerged in India.
Economy.
Economy in the Rig Vedic period was sustained by a combination of pastoralism and agriculture. There are references, in the "Rig Veda", to leveling of field, seed processing, and storage of grains in large jars. War booty was also a major source of wealth. Economic exchanges were conducted by gift giving, particularly to kings ("bali") and priests ("dana"), and barter using cattle as a unit of currency. While gold is mentioned in some hymns, there is no indication of the use of coins. Metallurgy is not mentioned in the "Rig Veda", but the word "ayas" and instruments made from it such as razors, bangles, axes are mentioned. One verse mentions purification of "ayas". Some scholars believe that "ayas" refers to iron and the words "dham" and "karmara" refer to iron–welders. However, philological evidence indicates that "ayas" in the Rigveda refers only to copper and bronze, while iron or "śyāma ayas", literally "black metal", first is mentioned in the post-Rigvedic Atharvaveda, and therefore the Early Vedic Period was a Bronze Age culture whereas the Late Vedic Period was an Iron Age culture.
The transition of Vedic society from semi–nomadic life to settled agriculture in the later Vedic age lead to an increase in trade and competition for resources. Agriculture dominated the economic activity along the Ganges valley during this period. Agricultural operations grew in complexity and usage of iron implements ("krishna–ayas" or "shyama–ayas", literally black metal or dark metal) increased. Crops of wheat, rice, and barley were cultivated. Surplus production helped to support the centralised kingdoms that were emerging at this time. New crafts and occupations such as carpentry, leather work, tanning, pottery, astrology, jewellery, dying, and winemaking arose. Apart from copper, bronze, and gold, later Vedic texts also mention tin, lead, and silver.
"Panis" in some hymns refers to merchants, in others to stingy people who hid their wealth and did not perform Vedic sacrifices. Some scholars suggest that Panis were semitic traders, but the evidence for this is slim. Professions of warriors, priests, cattle–rearers, farmers, hunters, barbers, vintners and crafts of chariot–making, cart–making, carpentry, metal working, tanning, making of bows, sewing, weaving, making mats of grass and reed are mentioned in the hymns of "Rig Veda". Some of these might have needed full–time specialists. There are references to boats and oceans. The book X of the "Rig Veda" refers to both eastern and western oceans. Individual property ownership did not exist and clans as a whole enjoyed rights over lands and herds. Enslavement ("dasa", "dasi") in the course of war or as a result of non–payment of debt is mentioned. However, slaves worked in households rather than production–related activities.
Religion.
"Main article: Historical Vedic religion"
The Vedic forms of belief are one of the precursors to modern Hinduism.
Texts considered to date to the Vedic period are mainly the four Vedas, but the Brahmanas, Aranyakas and the older Upanishads as well as the oldest Shrautasutras are also considered to be Vedic. The Vedas record the liturgy connected with the rituals and sacrifices performed by the 16 or 17 Shrauta priests and the purohitas.
The rishis, the composers of the hymns of the Rigveda, were considered inspired poets and seers (in post-Vedic times understood as "hearers" of an eternally existing Veda, "Śrauta" means "what is heard").
The mode of worship was the performance of sacrifices (Yajna) which included the chanting of Rigvedic verses (see Vedic chant), singing of "Samans" and 'mumbling' of sacrificial mantras (Yajus). Yajna involved sacrifice and sublimation of the havana sámagri (herbal preparations) in the fire accompanied by the chanting of the Vedic mantras. The sublime meaning of the word yajna is derived from the Sanskrit verb yaj, which has a three-fold meaning of worship of deities (devapujana), unity (saògatikaraña) and charity (dána). An essential element was the sacrificial fire - the divine Agni - into which oblations were poured, as everything offered into the fire was believed to reach God. People prayed for abundance of rain, cattle, sons, long life and gaining 'heaven'.
Vedic people believed in the transmigration of the soul and the peepul tree and cow were sanctified by the time of the Atharva Veda. Many of the concepts of Indian philosophy espoused later like Dharma, Karma etc. trace their root to the Vedas.
The main deities of the Vedic pantheon were Indra, Agni (the sacrificial fire), and Soma and some deities of social order such as Mitra–Varuna, Aryaman, Bhaga and Amsa, further nature deities such as Surya (the Sun), Vayu (the wind), Prithivi (the earth). Goddesses included Ushas (the dawn), Prithvi and Aditi (the mother of the Aditya gods or sometimes the cow). Rivers, especially Saraswati, were also considered goddesses. Deities were not viewed as all-powerful. The relationship between humans and the deity was one of transaction, with Agni (the sacrificial fire) taking the role of messenger between the two. Strong traces of a common Indo-Iranian religion remain visible, especially in the Soma cult and the fire worship, both of which are preserved in Zoroastrianism.
Ethics in the Vedas are based on the concepts of Satya and Rta. Satya is the principle of integration rooted in the Absolute. Whereas, Ṛta is the expression of Satya, which regulates and coordinates the operation of the universe and everything within it. Conformity with Ṛta would enable progress whereas its violation would lead to punishment.
Vedic religion evolved into the Hindu paths of Yoga and Vedanta, a religious path considering itself the 'essence' of the Vedas, interpreting the Vedic pantheon as a unitary view of the universe with 'God' (Brahman) seen as immanent and transcendent in the forms of Ishvara and Brahman. These post-Vedic systems of thought, along with later texts like Upanishads, epics (namely Gita of Mahabharat), have been fully preserved and form the basis of modern Hinduism. The ritualistic traditions of Vedic religion are preserved in the conservative Śrauta tradition.
Literature.
"Main article: Vedas"
The reconstruction of the history of Vedic India is based on text-internal details, but can be correlated to relevant archaeological details. Linguistically, the Vedic texts could be classified in five chronological strata:
1. Rigvedic text: The Rigveda is by far the most archaic of the Vedic texts preserved, and it retains many common Indo-Iranian elements, both in language and in content, that are not present in any other Vedic texts. Its time span likely corresponds to the Late Harappan culture, Gandhara Grave culture and Ochre Coloured Pottery culture.
2. Mantra language texts: This period includes both the mantra and prose language of the Atharvaveda (Paippalada and Shaunakiya), the Rigveda Khilani, the Samaveda Samhita (containing some 75 mantras not in the Rigveda), and the mantras of the Yajurveda. Many of these texts are largely derived from the Rigveda, but have undergone certain changes, both by linguistic change and by reinterpretation. Conspicuous changes include change of "vishva" "all" by "sarva", and the spread of the "kuru-" verbal stem (for Rigvedic "krno-"). This is the time of the early Iron Age in north-western India, corresponding to the "Black and Red Ware" (BRW) and "Painted Grey Ware" (PGW) cultures, and the early Kuru Kingdom, dating from ca. the 12th to 11th century BCE.
3. Samhita prose texts: This period marks the beginning of the collection and codification of a Vedic canon. An important linguistic change is the complete loss of the injunctive. The Brahmana part ('commentary' on mantras and ritual) of the Black Yajurveda (MS, KS, TS) belongs to this period. Archaeologically, the "Painted Grey Ware" (PGW) culture from ca. 1000 or 900 BCE corresponds to the Kuru Kingdom and the subsequent eastward shift of the political centre from the Kurus to the Pancalas on the Ganges.
4. Brahmana prose texts: The Brahmanas proper of the four Vedas belong to this period, as well as the Aranyakas, the oldest of the Upanishads (BAU, ChU, JUB) and the oldest Shrautasutras (BSS, VadhSS). In the east, Videha (N. Bihar and Nepal) is established as the third main political centre of the Vedic period.
5. Sutra language texts: This is the last stratum of Vedic Sanskrit leading up to c. 500 BCE, comprising the bulk of the Śrauta and Grhya Sutras, and some Upanishads (e.g. KathU, MaitrU).

</doc>
<doc id="21476778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476778" title="Rhuma argyraspis">
Rhuma argyraspis

Rhuma argyraspis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia, including Queensland.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adult are grey with a number of dark zigzag stripes across each wing.
The larvae feed on "Eucalyptus" species, including "Eucalyptus odorata". All instars, except the first, are yellowish olive-green, shading to pinkish or reddish brown laterally and ventrally, and maturing with brown dorsal markings. The resting posture of the larvae is rigid, straight and stick-like.

</doc>
<doc id="21476805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476805" title="I. E. Weldon Secondary School">
I. E. Weldon Secondary School

I.E. Weldon Secondary School is a public high school in Lindsay, Ontario, Canada, which teaches grades 9, 10, 11, and 12. It is operated by the Trillium Lakelands District School Board. I.E. Weldon is located at 24 Weldon Rd. The school contains 60 rooms for rent, over 200 classrooms, 2 gymnasiums, a fitness center (work out room), a multi-media library resource center, and specialized areas for music, drama, art, cooking, woodworking and shop. It is also home to one of the largest French immersion High School programs in Canada. There are currently approximately 1400 children enrolled. Weldon is also known for its BBQ in early June hosted by its student council.
History.
The school opened in 1971 with additions completed in 1985, 1995, and 2002. The school was named after a prominent local lawyer, Isaac Earnest Weldon, who left a generous bequest of money to the Victoria County Board of Education, with the stipulation that the interest generated annually would be divided amongst graduating students in the County advancing to post-secondary education. Both Mr. Weldon and the school have come to be highly regarded for a philanthropic spirit.
The school's proximity to Kawartha Lakes City Road 36 caused council to request more frequent monitoring of speed limits by municipal police. The school was a campaign stop for Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty during the 2007 general election.
I. E. Weldon Secondary School is committed to an educational program through the combined efforts of students, parents, staff, and the community.
The school believes that all students can learn in a safe environment that nurtures, challenges, and enables individuals to achieve their full potential. Students will develop skills that allow them to function effectively as responsible citizens in a global and technological society. Moreover, it is our goal to instill in our students a taste for learning and a curiosity about the world that will last a lifetime.
Education.
I.E. Weldon Secondary School offers diversified programs focusing on academics, the arts, co-operative education, personal development and technical studies to meet the individual needs of students. The school offers a full French Immersion Program. The International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB Diploma Programme) is a rigorous Grade 11 and 12 international curriculum involving six subject areas. It provides highly motivated students with the opportunity to develop skills that will lead to increased success at university. The Practical, Academic and Life Skills (PALS) program for developmentally delayed students provides many opportunities to develop physical, social and employability skills. Students in the area of Technical Studies are very active as they work towards a trade through the Ontario Youth Apprenticeship Program. The school also offers a Specialist High Skills Major in construction, as well as a dual credit program with Fleming College in Peterborough. Recently it has also started offering SHSM in Arts and Culture.
Extracurricular activities and clubs.
Leadership.
Students and staff at Weldon contribute generously to Plan International Canada, which supports children in developing countries around the world. Weldon currently sponsors 30 children through this program, ranking the school as one of the top contributing schools in Canada. The school routinely raises significant funds through the following events: United Way campaign, Hoops for Heart, and Big Bike for Heart and Stroke. Their Terry Fox Run raised more than $25,000 in 2009, with over 500 students participating.
Programs.
Extra-curricular programs provide opportunities for students pursuing a diverse range of interests.
Notable alumni.
"Note that not all personalities listed are known to have graduated from I. E. Weldon."

</doc>
<doc id="21476812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476812" title="Stanislav Pozdnyakov">
Stanislav Pozdnyakov

Stanislav Alexeyevich Pozdnyakov () (born 27 September 1973 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian fencer, who has won five Olympic medals in the sabre competitions. He also won the gold medal at the 2006 World Fencing Championships and the 2007 World Fencing Championships in the individual sabre as well as a bronze medal in the team sabre in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21476821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476821" title="101955 Bennu">
101955 Bennu

A recent dynamical study by Andrea Milani and collaborators has located a series of eight potential Earth impacts between 2169 and 2199. The cumulative probability of impact is dependent on poorly known physical properties of the object, but is not higher than 0.07% for all eight encounters. To accurately assess 's probability of Earth impact will require a detailed shape model of and additional observations (either from the ground or from spacecraft visiting the object) to determine the magnitude of the Yarkovsky acceleration. On average, an asteroid with a diameter of 500 meters can be expected to impact Earth about every 130,000 years or so.
Separately, has been considered many times as the target of spacecraft missions, including OSIRIS-REx, due to the low Δv required to reach it from Earth orbit. NASA announced on May 25, 2011, that OSIRIS-REx had been selected as part of NASA's New Frontiers Program. The spacecraft is scheduled to launch in 2016, reach in 2019 and return samples to Earth in 2023.
People can have their names inscribed on a microchip in the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft.
Bennu was named by Michael Puzio, a third-grader from North Carolina, one of more than eight thousand students from dozens of countries around the world who entered a "Name That Asteroid!" contest run by the University of Arizona, The Planetary Society, and the LINEAR Project, according to "The Planetary Report," June 2013. Its name refers to the Egyptian mythological bird Bennu, which Puzio thought the spacecraft, OSIRIS-REx, including its TAGSAM arm, resembled.

</doc>
<doc id="21476823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476823" title="German Ski Association">
German Ski Association

The German Ski Association ( or ) is the national governing body for skiing in Germany. The organisation was founded in 1905 among local ski clubs. The German Ski Association represents international interests of the German skiing and trains athletes and trainers. The DSV headquarters are located in Planegg, south of Munich. Current DSV president is Alfons Hörmann.
Divisions.
The DSV represents these sports:

</doc>
<doc id="21476828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476828" title="Nikita Akinfiyevich Demidov">
Nikita Akinfiyevich Demidov

Nikita Akinfiyevich Demidov () (September 8, 1724 – 1789) was a Russian industrialist and arts patron.
He was the younger son of Akinfiy Demidov, brother of Prokofi Demidov and father of Nikolai Demidov.
Inheriting mines and metallurgical factories in the Urals and Siberia (he left eight such factories, a huge annual income and 12,000 serfs to his son Nikolay on his death), he was also a major landowner, with properties in central and southern Russia and in Italy. He was an amateur scientist, the first member of the Demidov family to protect the arts actively and a major traveller, journeying abroad to see Europe's industrial innovations, manners and culture. In 1786 he published a "Journal" of his foreign travels, and also corresponded with Voltaire and Diderot. In 1779 he set up a medal to reward a success in mechanics, to be decided by the Russian Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21476853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476853" title="Alec Burns">
Alec Burns

James Alexander ("Alec") Burns (5 November 1907 – May 2003) was an English athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Newcastle upon Tyne. His grandson was Richard Burns, the 2001 World Rally Champion.
In 1932 he finished seventh in the Olympic 5000 metre event. Four years later he finished fifth in the 10000 metre competition at the 1936 Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the 3 miles contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21476863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476863" title="Gallo-Roman culture">
Gallo-Roman culture

The term Gallo-Roman describes the Romanized culture of Gaul under the rule of the Roman Empire. This was characterized by the Gaulish adoption or adaptation of Roman morals and way of life in a uniquely Gaulish context. The well-studied meld of cultures in Gaul gives historians a model against which to compare and contrast parallel developments of Romanization in other, less-studied Roman provinces.
"Interpretatio romana" offered Roman names for Gaulish deities such as the smith-god Gobannus, but of Celtic deities only the horse-patroness Epona penetrated Romanized cultures beyond the confines of Gaul.
The barbarian invasions beginning in the early fifth century forced upon Gallo-Roman culture fundamental changes in politics, in the economic underpinning, in military organization. The Gothic settlement of 418 offered a double loyalty, as Western Roman authority disintegrated at Rome. The plight of the highly Romanized governing class is examined by R.W. Mathisen, the struggles of bishop Hilary of Arles by M. Heinzelmann,
Into the seventh century, Gallo-Roman culture would persist particularly in the areas of Gallia Narbonensis that developed into Occitania, Gallia Cisalpina and to a lesser degree, Aquitania. The formerly Romanized north of Gaul, once it had been occupied by the Franks, would develop into Merovingian culture instead. Roman life, centered on the public events and cultural responsibilities of urban life in the "res publica" and the sometimes luxurious life of the self-sufficient rural villa system, took longer to collapse in the Gallo-Roman regions, where the Visigoths largely inherited the status quo in 418. Gallo-Roman language persisted in the northeast into the Silva Carbonaria that formed an effective cultural barrier with the Franks to the north and east, and in the northwest to the lower valley of the Loire, where Gallo-Roman culture interfaced with Frankish culture in a city like Tours and in the person of that Gallo-Roman bishop confronted with Merovingian royals, Gregory of Tours. The Gallo-Roman language eventually evolved into the modern Romance languages of France, including standard French, Francoprovençal, and Occitan.
Politics.
Gaul was divided by Roman administration into three provinces, which were sub-divided in the later third century reorganization under Diocletian, and divided between two dioceses, Galliae and Viennensis, under the Praetorian prefecture of Galliae. On the local level, it was composed of "civitates" which preserved, broadly speaking, the boundaries of the formerly independent Gaulish tribes, which had been organised in large part on village structures that retained some features in the Roman civic formulas that overlaid them.
Over the course of the Roman period, an ever-increasing proportion of Gauls gained Roman citizenship. In 212 the Constitutio Antoniniana extended citizenship to all free-born men in the Roman Empire.
Gallic Empire.
During the Crisis of the Third Century, from 260 to 274, Gaul was subject to Alamanni raids because of the civil war. In reaction to local problems the Gallo-Romans appointed their own emperor Postumus. The rule over Gaul, Britannia, and Hispania by Postumus and his successors is usually called "The Gallic Empire" although it was just one set of many usurpers who took over parts of the Roman Empire and tried to become emperor. The capital was Trier which was often used as the northern capital of the Roman Empire by many emperors. The Gallic Empire ended when Aurelian decisively defeated Tetricus I at Chalons.
Religion.
The pre-Christian religious practices of Roman Gaul were characterized by syncretism of Graeco-Roman deities with their native Celtic, Basque or Germanic counterparts, many of which were of strictly local cult. Assimilation was eased by interpreting indigenous gods in Roman terms, such as with Lenus Mars or Apollo Grannus. Otherwise, a Roman god might be paired with a native goddess, as with Mercury and Rosmerta. In at least one case – that of the equine goddess Epona – a native Gallic goddess was also adopted by Rome.
Eastern mystery religions penetrated Gaul early on. These included the cults of Orpheus, Mithras, Cybele, and Isis.
The imperial cult, centred primarily on the "numen" of Augustus, came to play a prominent role in public religion in Gaul, most dramatically at the pan-Gaulish ceremony venerating Rome and Augustus at the Condate Altar near Lugdunum annually on 1 August.
Christianity.
Gregory of Tours recorded the tradition that after the persecution under the co-emperors Decius and Gratus (250-51 CE), Pope Felix sent seven missionaries to re-establish the broken and scattered Christian communities, Gatien to Tours, Trophimus to Arles, Paul to Narbonne, Saturninus to Toulouse, Denis to Paris, Martial to Limoges, and Austromoine to Clermont.
In the fifth and sixth centuries, Gallo-Roman Christian communities still consisted of independent churches in urban sites, each governed by a bishop; Christians experienced loyalties divided between the bishop and the civil prefect, who operated largely in harmony within the late-imperial administration. Some of the communities had origins that predated the third-century persecutions. The personal charisma of the bishop set the tone, as fifth-century allegiances, for pagans as well as Christians, switched from institutions to individuals: most Gallo-Roman bishops were drawn from the highest levels of society as appropriate non-military civil roads to advancement dwindled, and they represented themselves as bulwarks of high literary standards and Roman traditions against the Vandal and Gothic interlopers; other bishops drew the faithful to radical asceticism. Bishops often took on the duties of civil administrator after the contraction of the Roman imperial administration due to the Barbarian invasions of the 5th century, helping fund building projects and even acting as arbiters of justice in the local community. Miracles attributed to both kinds of bishops, as well as holy men and women, attracted cult veneration, sometimes very soon after their death; a great number of locally-venerated Gallo-Roman and Merovingian saints arose in the transitional centuries 400 – 750. The identification of the diocesan administration with the secular community, which took place during the fifth century in Italy, can best be traced in the Gallo-Roman culture of Gaul in the career of Caesarius, bishop and Metropolitan of Arles from 503 to 543. (Wallace-Hadrill).
Gallo-Roman art.
Roman culture introduced a new phase of anthropomorphized sculpture to the Gaulish community, synthesized with Celtic traditions of refined metalworking, a rich body of urbane Gallo-Roman silver developed, which the upheavals of the second and fifth centuries motivated hiding away in hoards, which have protected some pieces of Gallo-Roman silver, from villas and temple sites, from the universal destruction of precious metalwork in circulation. The exhibition of Gallo-Roman silver highlighted specifically Gallo-Roman silver from the treasures found at Chaourse (Aisne), Mâcon (Saône et Loire), Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt (Pas de Calais),Notre-Dame d'Allençon (Maine-et-Loire), and Rethel (Ardennes, found in 1980).
Gallo-Roman sites.
The two more Romanized of the three Gauls were bound together in a network of Roman roads that linked cities. Via Domitia (laid out in 118 BC), reached from Nîmes to the Pyrenees, where it joined the Via Augusta at the Col de Panissars. Via Aquitania reached from Narbonne, where it connected to the Via Domitia, to the Atlantic Ocean through Toulouse to Bordeaux. Via Scarponensis connected Trier to Lyon through Metz.
Sites, restorations, museums.
At Périgueux, France, a luxurious Roman villa called the "Domus of Vesunna", built round a garden courtyard surrounded by a colonnaded peristyle enriched with bold tectonic frescoing, has been handsomely protected in a modern glass-and-steel structure that is a fine example of archaeological museum-making (see external link).
Lyon, the capital of Roman Gaul, is now the site of a Museum of Gallo-Roman Civilization (rue Céberg), associated with the remains of the theater and odeon of Roman Lugdunum. Visitors are offered a clear picture of the daily life, economic conditions, institutions, beliefs, monuments and artistic achievements of the first four centuries of the Christian era. The "Claudius Tablet" in the Museum transcribes a speech given before the Senate by the Emperor Claudius in 48, in which he requests the right for the heads of the Gallic nations to participate in Roman magistracy. The request having been accepted, the Gauls decided to engrave the imperial speech on bronze.
In Metz, once an important town of Gaul, the Golden Courtyard Museums displays a rich collection of Gallo-Roman finds and the vestiges of Gallo-Roman baths, revealed by the extension works to the museums in the 1930s.
In Martigny, Valais, Switzerland, at the Fondation Pierre Gianadda, a modern museum of art and sculpture shares space with Gallo-Roman Museum centered on the foundations of a Celtic temple.
Other sites include:

</doc>
<doc id="21476886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476886" title="Driftin' Blues">
Driftin' Blues

"Driftin' Blues" or "Drifting Blues" is a blues standard that was written and first recorded by Johnny Moore's Three Blazers in 1945. Performed in the West Coast blues style, the song became one of the biggest blues hits of the 1940s. Over the years, it has been interpreted and recorded by numerous artists. The original "Driftin' Blues" has been acknowledged by both the Blues Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Original song.
Johnny Moore's Three Blazers recorded "Driftin' Blues" in 1945. The group, sometimes known as a "club blues" combo, was composed of Charles Brown (vocals and piano), Johnny Moore (guitar), Eddie Williams (bass), and Johnny Otis (drums). The song was developed during their frequent Los Angeles club appearances and is credited to Brown, Moore, and Williams. The song is a slow-tempo twelve-bar blues, that features Brown's vocal and piano. Brown commented that it "was the first song that I wrote down and tried to sing". Their performances of the song were well received and led to a recording contract with Philo (soon to become Aladdin) Records. "Driftin' Blues" became a hit, spending twenty-three weeks in the Billboard R&B chart. The song reached number 2 and "emerged one of the top selling black records in 1945 and 1946".
Legacy and influence.
Due to the song's popularity, other artists were soon performing and recording "Driftin' Blues". Some followed the original, while others interpreted it differently. As early as 1946, a young Ray Charles was one who played it regularly. As he commented: "Charles Brown was a powerful influence on me in the early part of my career, especially when I was struggling down in Florida. I made many a dollar doing my imitation of his 'Drifting Blues'. That was a hell of a number". In 1950, Lightnin' Hopkins recorded a different arrangement of the song, accompanied only by his amplified guitar (John Lee Hooker made a similar adaptation in 1961). Billy Eckstine recorded it in 1959 for the album "Basie/Eckstine Incorporated" and Chuck Berry recorded his interpretation for his 1960 album "Rockin' at the Hops".
"Driftin' Blues" entered the charts again in 1968 when Bobby "Blue" Bland recorded it. His version reached number 23 during a stay of eleven weeks in the "Billboard" R&B chart. Bland's version also made an appearance in the Billboard Pop chart at number 96. At the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967, the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, with a horn section, performed an eight-minute version of "Driftin' Blues". Another live version of the song, featuring an extended guitar solo, was recorded by Albert King at the Fillmore Auditorium in 1968. In 1969, Charles Brown recorded an updated version of "Driftin' Blues" that "came off as new, thanks to Earl Hooker's inspired slide work". Eric Clapton recorded several versions of the song, including a group arrangement for his live 1975 album "E. C. Was Here" and a solo acoustic piece (as "Driftin'") for his 1994 album "From the Cradle". In 1997, American R&B and boogie-woogie pianist and singer Little Willie Littlefield recorded a version for his album "The Red One".
Recognition.
Many more versions of "Driftin' Blues" have been recorded by a variety of artists, including several by Charles Brown. The song was inducted into Blues Hall of Fame in 1989 in the "Classics of Blues Recordings" category and was included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame list of "500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll".

</doc>
<doc id="21476891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476891" title="Arthur Penny">
Arthur Penny

Arthur William Penny (3 December 1907 – 29 November 2003) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games and won the gold medal in the 6 miles event.

</doc>
<doc id="21476931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476931" title="Histria Coral">
Histria Coral

History.
Histria Coral was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products. 
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni.
Technical description.
The Histria Coral is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.

</doc>
<doc id="21476936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476936" title="Painscastle Rural District">
Painscastle Rural District

Painscastle was, from 1894 to 1974, a rural district in the administrative county of Radnorshire, Wales.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1894, when the existing Hay Rural Sanitary District was divided into three: the section in Breconshire was reconstituted as Hay Rural District, the area in Herefordshire became Bredwardine Rural District, while the parishes in Radnorshire became Painscastle Rural District. The new district took its name from the ancient hundred of Painscastle. The council continued to be based in Hay on Wye in Breconshire.
The rural district comprised nine civil parishes: 
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, which completely reorganised local administration in England and Wales. Its area became part of the District of Radnor in the new county of Powys.

</doc>
<doc id="21476952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476952" title="Metamatic Records">
Metamatic Records

Metamatic Records is an English record label predominantly used to release recordings by the English musician and artist John Foxx. The record label includes other notable artists' work, including Louis Gordon, Steve Jansen & Robin Guthrie.

</doc>
<doc id="21476953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476953" title="Film northants">
Film northants

Film Northants 2008.
Film Northants is a short film competition originally set up by the Northampton Chronicle & Echo in 2008. Each year people of any age living, working or studying in Northamptonshire are invited to send a film of no more than five minutes length to the competition. All the entries are placed on the internet on http://www.filmnorthants.co.uk
A panel of judges draw up a shortlist of eight finalists and the public are invited to vote for their favourite film via text and email.
All eight finalists have their films screened at Vue Cinema in Sol Central Northampton at a special red carpet awards night. 
The winning film in 2008 was made by Northampton College students and was a horror flick titled "Confined".
The 2008 judges were: Tim Coley, film lecturer, The University of Northampton; John Tredrea, manager, Vue Cinema Northampton; Lily Canter, features editor, "Northampton Chronicle & Echo"
The competition was invented, organised and hosted by Lily Canter. It now runs as an independent not-for-profit film festival with a committee of community volunteers.
Film Northants 2009.
After the success of the first competition, Film Northants 2009 was launched in March. The 2009 event was supported by Vue Cinema, Aspect Ratio Productions, Heart, Reelscape Films, The University of Northampton, The Film Lab, 20th Century Fox and London Midland train line.
The shortlist of eight films were selected by a panel of judges and the public were invited to vote via text or online through the Northampton Chronicle & Echo. The selected films were shown at a red carpet screening at Vue Cinema in Northampton on September 22 2009 and the awards were announced on the night.
Winner - Public Vote.
"No Stone Unturned" by Anthony Dumont & Matthew Dumont
A history student follows a trail of clues to help put a spirit to rest.
Winner - Judges Choice Award.
"Tuhfah" by Stacey Swift
A witty story with a political message which explores child exploitation in Asia.
Second Place.
"If Only I Could" by Sharmila Walters
A young boy dreams of winning a creative writing competition.
Third Place.
"Death by Deafness" by Alex Nowak and Jack Hunt
A bullied deaf girl struggles to cope with her disability which ultimately leads to a personal tragedy.
Film Northants 2010
Film Northants is now an independent organisation and will be running a festival in conjunction with Cineworld, Northampton in September 2010. A new website has also been launched: http://www.filmnorthants.co.uk
References:
http://www.northamptonchron.co.uk/sectionhome.aspx?sectionID=12771
http://www.holdthefrontpage.co.uk/news/080724chronfilm.shtml
http://www.dynamicsmedia.co.uk/blog/post/2009/09/Our-Award-winning-Northampton-Short-Film!.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="21476969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476969" title="Jōhana Line">
Jōhana Line

The is a railway line operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in Toyama Prefecture, Japan. It runs between Takaoka and Nanto.
Stations.
All stations are in Toyama Prefecture

</doc>
<doc id="21476983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476983" title="Tigrão">
Tigrão

Leandro Antonio da Silva known as Tigrão (born July 6, 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Serra. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21476989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476989" title="Coat of arms of Kurów">
Coat of arms of Kurów

The coat of arms of Kurów and the Kurów municipality consists of a white cock with a gold crest, bill, talons and a white handkerchief in a red field.
History.
The first COA of Kurów (from January 6, 1442) depicted the cock without the handkerchief (probably because the Polish surname "Kurowski" who was owner of Kurów comes from the word "kur" (cock)). In 1464 the handkerchief was added to the coat of arms to form the COA of the Zbąski family (they were the owners of Kurów from 1464 to 1683).

</doc>
<doc id="21477003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477003" title="Teale Orban">
Teale Orban

Teale Orban is a former Canadian football quarterback for the University of Regina Rams. He was selected in the sixth round of the 2008 CFL Draft by the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Personal life.
Teale Orban is the son of Rick Orban, a principal for the Regina School Board, and older brother of Taylor Orban who is a first-year linebacker for the Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="21477005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477005" title="Histria Ivory">
Histria Ivory

History.
Histria Ivory was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products. 
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni. 
Technical description.
The Histria Ivory is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.

</doc>
<doc id="21477010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477010" title="Scotty Rankine">
Scotty Rankine

Robert Scade "Scotty" Rankine (January 6, 1909 – January 10, 1995) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and died in Wasaga Beach, Ontario.
In 1932 he finished eleventh in the Olympic 5000 metre event.
Four years later he was eliminated in the first round of the 5000 metre competition and he did not finish the 10000 metre contest at the 1936 Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 6 miles event and finished fourth in the 3 miles competition. He won again the silver medal in the 6 miles contest and also a bronze medal in the 3 miles event at the 1938 Empire Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21477020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477020" title="2005–06 Biathlon World Cup">
2005–06 Biathlon World Cup

The 2005−06 Biathlon World Cup (BWC) was a multi-race tournament over a season of biathlon, organised by the International Biathlon Union. The 2006 Winter Olympics were part of the Biathlon World Cup. The season lasted from 26 November 2005 to 26 March 2006.
The men's overall World Cup was won by Norway's Ole Einar Bjørndalen, while Kati Wilhelm of Germany claimed the women's overall World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21477028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477028" title="Samuel Taylor Suit Cottage">
Samuel Taylor Suit Cottage

The Samuel Taylor Suit Cottage, also known as the Berkeley Castle, is located on a hill above Berkeley Springs, West Virginia. The castle-like house was built for Colonel Samuel Taylor Suit of Washington, D.C. as a personal retreat near the spa town, beginning in 1885. It was not complete by the time of his death in 1888 and was finished in the early 1890s for his widow, Rosa Pelham Suit, whom Suit had first met at Berkeley Springs. The post 1888 work is of noticeably inferior quality.
The fifteen-room interior features a ballroom wide and long. The design is attributed to Washington architect Alfred B. Mullett, who is alleged to have drawn a rough sketch of the plan on a tablecloth at the Berkeley Springs Hotel. The design may have been based on elements of Berkeley Castle in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom. Detailed design and construction supervision was carried out by Snowden Ashford, who designed Washington's Eastern Market. Mrs. Suit entertained lavishly at the house until her money ran out and the property was sold in 1913. 
Snowden Ashford, also credited as an architect, apprenticed for Mullett.
The house is now privately owned and is available for rentals for special occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="21477030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477030" title="WKBQ">
WKBQ

WKBQ (93.5 FM) is a country music radio station in Covington, Tennessee, and serving the Memphis, Tennessee area, owned by Covington Broadcasting Company. 
History.
WKBQ first signed on the air as WKBL-FM in 1965 with a country music format until 1999 when it switched to an adult top 40 format and adopted the WKBQ call sign. In 2007 it returned to country.

</doc>
<doc id="21477042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477042" title="London 1899 chess tournament">
London 1899 chess tournament

The London 1899 chess tournament was without a doubt one of the very strongest tournaments ever held on British soil. Almost every great master of the day was present including the past and reigning world champions. It proved to be the swan song of the old champion Wilhelm Steinitz but for Emanuel Lasker it was a glittering success which propelled him way beyond the other grandmasters of the time.
All the top players of the age were invited, with many being the champion of their country. Refusals came from Siegbert Tarrasch and Rudolf Charousek (illness), and Amos Burn had to withdraw on the opening day. Fifteen participants played double rounds from 30 May to 10 July 1899, except for Richard Teichmann. He withdrew after round 4 due to an eye infection. His remaining games in the first cycle were declared as lost. Rounds were played in St. Stephen’s Hall with a time limit of fifteen moves in one hour. Participants were entertained by the City of London chess club at Crystal Palace and the Star and Garter Hotel in Richmond. A banquet took place in the International Hall of the Café Monico on 29 June. 
Lasker finished 4.5 points ahead of the group finished tied for second (Janowski, Maroczy, Pillsbury), and this remains one of the most dominant performances in a chess tournament, and London 1899 goes down in history as one of the great Lasker victories along with St. Petersburg 1896, Paris 1900, St. Petersburg 1914 and New York 1924. 
The Premier Tournament.
The results and standings:
An amount of £1020 for prizes and consolation money was distributed on 11 July 1899. Lasker got £250 and a gold medal. Steinitz won no prize for the first time in his career and died in poverty the following year.
The Minor Tournament.
There was a second section in the tournament, which was won by Frank James Marshall with 8.5 out of 11. Georg Marco and Jacques Mieses were the most experienced opponents.
The results and standings:

</doc>
<doc id="21477050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477050" title="Tsamis">
Tsamis

Tsamis () is a Greek surname. Notable people with that surname were:

</doc>
<doc id="21477055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477055" title="Thomas Paulus">
Thomas Paulus

Thomas Paulus (born 14 March 1982 in Kelheim, Lower Bavaria) is a German footballer who plays for FC Erzgebirge Aue. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21477066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477066" title="Laurie Holloway">
Laurie Holloway

Laurence Holloway MBE (born 31 March 1938) is a British pianist and composer from Oldham, Lancashire. He is perhaps best known as the Musical Director for Michael Parkinson's chat show firstly on the BBC and more recently on ITV. He also was Musical Director for the first three series of "Strictly Come Dancing" on the BBC.
He has appeared with the London Symphony Orchestra, the BBC Concert Orchestra, the Royal Philharmonic, and the Boston Pops Orchestra as both conductor and lead pianist. His TV work has included being the composer of several well known TV theme tunes such as "Blind Date" and "Beadle's About".
He has been awarded the Gold Badge of Merit by The British Academy of Composers and Songwriters and he has appeared as the subject of "This Is Your Life". He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to music.
Discography.
recordings include:

</doc>
<doc id="21477089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477089" title="Frederick Hamilton March">
Frederick Hamilton March

Frederick Hamilton March, GC (6 August 1891 – 30 October 1977) was an Australian soldier and adventurer. He served in the Middle East during the First World War. He received the Empire Gallantry Medal, then the highest civilian gallantry award in the British Empire, for his conduct during the assassination of the Governor-General of Sudan, Sir Lee Stack. He was involved with the Sudanese Ministry of Agriculture during his later working career.
Life.
March was born at Bowning, New South Wales. His parents were from Gundaroo. He claimed that he ran away from his home, and stowed away on a ship sailing from Sydney to San Francisco. In the United States, he worked with General Motors in Detroit, Michigan. Before the First World War, he returned to New South Wales. He was employed as a picture show man. He also ran hire cars at Moss Vale.
When the First World War started, March enlisted as a private in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in September 1915, giving his occupation as chauffeur. He served in the Middle East with the 7th Light Horse Regiment. He was discharged from the AIF in 1919 in Egypt, having achieved the rank of sergeant. After the war, he never returned to his home country.
March worked as a chauffeur to Sir Lee Stack, the Governor-General of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. On 19 November 1924, Stack was shot and assassinated. March was also wounded, but he evaded a second hail of bullets by skilful driving. He was awarded the Empire Gallantry Medal (EGM) from King George V. On the publication of the warrant creating the George Cross (GC) by King George VI, in January 1941, all holders of the EGM were instructed to return that medal, and it was replaced by the GC. He received compensation money for his wounds, and he bought a garage in Cairo with that money.
March worked on military road-building projects in Sinai and Palestine in the Second World War. He lost contact with his family after the death of his mother in 1948. He was involved with the Sudanese Ministry of Agriculture for the rest of his working life. He received the Queen's Silver Jubilee Medal in 1977. He died on 30 October 1977. He was buried in the Christian cemetery in Khartoum. In 1978, he was reburied in the adjacent Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery at the insistence of the Returned and Services League of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21477092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477092" title="Harold Webster (athlete)">
Harold Webster (athlete)

Harold Webster (January 18, 1895 – November 1958) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leicestershire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
In 1936 he participated in the Olympic marathon event but did not finish the race.
At the 1930 Empire Games he finished tenth in the 6 miles competition. Four years later he won the gold medal in the marathon contest at the 1934 Empire Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21477104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477104" title="Histria Giada">
Histria Giada

History.
Histria Giada was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products. 
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni. 
Technical description.
The Histria Giada is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.

</doc>
<doc id="21477115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477115" title="Hamaoka, Shizuoka">
Hamaoka, Shizuoka

As of March 1, 2004, the town had an estimated population of 24,774 and a density of 462.5 persons per km². The total area was 53.57 km².
Hamaoka was founded as a town in 1955 through the merger of Ikeshinden Town with Sakura, Kitaki, Asahina and Niino Villages.
On April 1, 2004, Hamaoka, along with the former town of Omaezaki (from Haibara District), was merged to create the city of Omaezaki.
Hamaoka is noted as the site of the Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant operated by Chubu Electric Power

</doc>
<doc id="21477121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477121" title="Amagiyugashima, Shizuoka">
Amagiyugashima, Shizuoka

As of March 1, 2004, final population data before the amalgamation, the town had an estimated population of 7,677 and a density of 56.8 persons per km2. The total area was 135.14 km2.
On April 1, 2004, Amagiyugashima, along with the towns of Nakaizu, Shuzenji and Toi (all from Tagata District), was merged to create the city of Izu.
Amagiyugashima was noted for its production of "wasabi". It was also the location of the Amagi Tunnel, a tourist attraction based on a famous scene in Yasunari Kawabata's novel "The Dancing Girl of Izu".

</doc>
<doc id="21477123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477123" title="Nakaizu, Shizuoka">
Nakaizu, Shizuoka

As of March 1, 2004, final population data before the amalgamation, the town had an estimated population of 8,457 and a density of 77.03 persons per km². The total area was 110.02 km².
On April 1, 2004, Nakaizu, along with the towns of Amagiyugashima, Shuzenji and Toi (all from Tagata District), was merged to create the city of Izu.
Nakaizu, located in the Izu-Kogen highlands of central Izu Peninsula was noted for its production of "wasabi" and "shiitake".

</doc>
<doc id="21477124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477124" title="Shuzenji, Shizuoka">
Shuzenji, Shizuoka

As of March 1, 2004, final population data before the amalgamation, the town had an estimated population of 16,328 and a density of 236.5 persons per km². The total area was 69.04 km².
On April 1, 2004 Shuzenji, along with the towns of Amagiyugashima, Nakaizu and Toi (all from Tagata District), was merged to create the city of Izu.
Shuzenji was located in an inland region of Izu Peninsula and was noted for its numerous onsen hot spring resorts. The area was also noted for its production of "wasabi" and "shiitake".
The town of Shuzenji was founded on April 1, 1889 within Kimisawa District, Shizuoka. In 1896, Kimisawa District was abolished and became part of Tagata District.

</doc>
<doc id="21477126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477126" title="April 2015 lunar eclipse">
April 2015 lunar eclipse

A total lunar eclipse will take place on 4 April 2015. It is the former of two total lunar eclipses in 2015, and the third in a "tetrad" (four total lunar eclipses in series). Other eclipses in the tetrad are those of April 15, 2014, October 8, 2014, and September 28, 2015.
Totality will last only 4 minutes and 43 seconds.
Visibility.
The eclipse will be visible over western North America, the Pacific, east Asia, Australia and New Zealand. 
Related eclipses.
Lunar year series.
The eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the ascending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations, or 354 days (shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21477128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477128" title="September 2015 lunar eclipse">
September 2015 lunar eclipse

A total lunar eclipse will take place on September 28, 2015. It is the latter of two total lunar eclipses in 2015, and the final in a "tetrad" (four total lunar eclipses in series). Other eclipses in the tetrad are those of April 15, 2014, October 8, 2014, and April 4, 2015.
Visibility.
The eclipse will be visible over Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Americas. 
Related eclipses.
The eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the descending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations, or 354 days (shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21477134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477134" title="Henri Mignet">
Henri Mignet

Henri Mignet, (October 19, 1893 – August 31, 1965), was a French radio engineer who became well known as an aircraft designer and builder. His most famous design is the "Flying Flea" family of aircraft.
Early interest in aviation.
Mignet was born in Charente-Maritime. In 1911, when he was 18 years old, he started corresponding with Gustav Lilienthal (the brother of Otto Lilienthal) about aviation. In 1912, he built his first aircraft, the HM.1-1 model. It was a monoplane inspired by the creations of Otto Lilienthal.
Service in the First World War.
Between 1914 and 1918, Mignet served in the French army. He was a radio operator during World War I. In 1918, he was hospitalized with malaria.
Post World War I designs.
In 1920, Mignet finished his first powered aircraft prototype, the HM.2. This bore many similarities to, and took inspiration from, the designs of Louis Blériot Later in describing this aircraft he said, "All the components worked, but not together..."
In 1922, he constructed the HM.3 ""The Dromedary"", the HM.4 parasol, and airplane with no rudder and an Anzani 10 CV engine, and the HM.5, a sailplane. In 1924, he sold the HM.5 sailplane for a large sum of money.
In 1925, he was forced to start raising chickens to finance the development of his HM.6 project, a pusher propeller aircraft, and a helicopter, designated the HM.7.
In 1926, Mignet married Annette Triou. 
The HM.8 Avionnette.
In March 1928, Mignet wrote an article in the magazine "Les Ailes" ("Wings" in English), describing his HM.8 "Avionnette". It was a parasol monoplane that he built in 1928 using parts from his HM.6, including a modified 10 hp Anzani engine. In 1929, the first amateur-built HM.8s made their maiden flights. In 1931, he published a book, "Comment j'ai Construit mon Avionnette" ("How I built my Avionnette"), containing the plans for the HM.8. Mignet encouraged amateurs to build HM.8s while he continued his research towards a new concept that became the "Pou du Ciel". About 200 HM.8s were built, with various engines, including 17 hp (13 kW) 540 cc Aubier et Dunne, 500 cc Chaise, 24 hp Harley-Davidson, 35 hp ABC Scorpion, 40 hp Salmson. Some of those directly drove the propeller, others employed a chain drive.
The HM.14 Pou du Ciel.
On 10 September 1933, Mignet made his maiden flight in the HM.14, the first of his Flying Flea designs. In 1934, he published "Le Sport de l'Air" and playfully called the aircraft "Pou du Ciel" (literally "Louse of the Sky" in French) with the intention that it would be built by amateurs.
In 1936, after a number of fatal accidents, the HM.14 was tested in wind tunnels in France and in England, and a design fault was identified and corrected. The Flying Flea subsequently became a great, if controversial, success in the aviation world. The fatal accidents due to the initial, flawed, design meant that professional aircraft manufacturers were very reluctant to produce versions of the Pou.
Mignet encouraged amateur-builders to construct the HM.14, but he also carried on designing further models into the 1960s, all of them based on the Flying Flea concept.
Mignet died, aged 71, in Pessac in Gironde.

</doc>
<doc id="21477137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477137" title="March 2016 lunar eclipse">
March 2016 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse will take place on March 23, 2016, the first of three lunar eclipses in 2016. 
Visibility.
it will be visible from east Asia, Australia, and most of North America. 
Related eclipses.
This eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the ascending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21477141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477141" title="September 2016 lunar eclipse">
September 2016 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse will take place on September 16, 2016, the last of three lunar eclipses in 2016. 
Visibility.
It will be visible from Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. 
Related eclipses.
This eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the descending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.

</doc>
<doc id="21477142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21477142" title="August 2016 lunar eclipse">
August 2016 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse will take place on August 18, 2016, the last of three lunar eclipses in 2016. 
This eclipse grazes the northern boundary of the Earth's penumbral shadow, will be visually inperceptible, and marks the end of the Saros series 109.
Visibility.
It will be visible from Australia and the Americas.
Related eclipses.
Saros series.
It is the last lunar eclipse of Saros cycle 109. The previous one was on August 8, 1998.

</doc>
