<doc id="21451353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451353" title="Short Silver Streak">
Short Silver Streak

The Short Silver Streak was the first British all-metal aircraft. Designed and built by Short Brothers at Rochester, Kent, England.
Although Flight magazine claimed that is was the first instance of stressed skin construction in the world, it was preceded by a number of Dornier designs, including the Dornier-Zeppelin D.I, which was ordered into production.
Development.
The Silver Streak was a single-seat biplane with a semi-monocoque duralumin fuselage and duralumin covered wings. It had a conventional landing gear and was powered by a 240 hp (179 kW) Siddeley Puma engine. The Silver Streak was exhibited in July 1920 at Olympia in London. Registered G-EARQ, it was first flown at Grain on the 20 August 1920 by test pilot J.L. Parker. It was later modified as a two-seater and delivered to the Air Ministry in February 1921 for both flight and static testing. The Air Ministry issued a specification for a two-seat reconnaissance biplane and Shorts produced the Springbok based on the Silver Streak.

</doc>
<doc id="21451355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451355" title="Arsenical keratosis">
Arsenical keratosis

An arsenical keratosis is a growth of keratin on the skin caused by arsenic, which occurs naturally in the earth's crust and is widely distributed in the environment, Arsenical compounds are used in industrial, agricultural, and medicinal substances. Arsenic is also found to be an environmental contaminant in drinking water (well water) and an occupational hazard for miners and glass workers. Arsenic may also causes other conditions including: Bowen's disease, cardiovascular diseases, developmental abnormalities, neurologic and neurobehavioral disorders, diabetes, hearing loss, hematologic disorders, and various types of cancer. Arsenical keratoses may persist indefinitely, and some may develop into invasive squamous cell carcinoma. Metastatic arsenic squamous cell carcinoma and arsenic-induced malignancies in internal organs such as the bladder, kidney, skin, liver, and colon, may result in death.
Pathophysiology.
Arsenite impairs nucleotide excision repair, and it may also affect gene expression by increasing or decreasing DNA methylation. The high affinity of arsenic for sulfhydryl groups makes keratin-rich cells (e.g., epidermal keratinocytes) a sensitive target for arsenic-induced toxicity. Arsenic has been shown to alter epidermal keratinocyte differentiation processes, induce overexpression of growth factors, and enhance proliferation of human keratinocytes.

</doc>
<doc id="21451362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451362" title="Jan Minář">
Jan Minář

Jan Minář (born April 9, 1981 in Prague) is a professional Czech tennis player. His brother Ivo is also a professional player.

</doc>
<doc id="21451365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451365" title="KRT83">
KRT83

Keratin 83, also known as KRT83, is a protein which humans is encoded by the "KRT83" gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the keratin gene family. As a type II hair keratin, it is a basic protein which heterodimerizes with type I keratins to form hair and nails. The type II hair keratins are clustered in a region of chromosome 12q13 and are grouped into two distinct subfamilies based on structure similarity. One subfamily, consisting of KRTHB1 (KRT81), KRTHB3 (KRT83, this protein), and KRTHB6 (KRT86), is highly related. The other less-related subfamily includes KRTHB2 (KRT82), KRTHB4 (KRT84), and KRTHB5 (KRT85). All hair keratins are expressed in the hair follicle; this hair keratin, as well as KRTHB1 and KRTHB6, is found primarily in the hair cortex.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the "KRT83" gene have been associated with monilethrix.

</doc>
<doc id="21451368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451368" title="Douglas Neame">
Douglas Neame

Commodore Douglas Mortimer Lewes Neame DSO Bar (9 October 1901 – 13 June 1988) was an English athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hanover Square and died in Salisbury.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the first round of the 110 metre hurdles event.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the 440 yards hurdles competition.
He carried the Olympic Torch across the English Channel for the 1948 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21451391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451391" title="Harold Isaacs">
Harold Isaacs

Harold Robert Isaacs (1910–1986) was an American journalist and political scientist. Isaacs went to China in 1930 and became involved with left wing politics in Shanghai and wrote "The Tragedy of the Chinese Revolution", of the Chinese Revolution of 1925-27, first published with a preface by Leon Trotsky. He covered World War II in Southeast Asia and China for Newsweek Magazine. In 1953 he joined the department of political science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In the following years he published "Scratches on our Minds: American Images of China and India," "American Jews in Israel" and "The New World of Negro Americans," among others. In 1980, he returned to China with his wife, Viola, and wrote an account of the visit, "Re-Encounters in China".

</doc>
<doc id="21451410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451410" title="List of Premier League broadcasters">
List of Premier League broadcasters

This is a list of television broadcasters which provide coverage of the Premier League, English football's top level competition, which is the most watched league in the world. The main broadcaster in the United Kingdom is Sky Sports, who broadcast 116 of the 154 televised games in the UK, and BT Sport. The BBC shows weekly highlights of the Premier League on its "Match of the Day" and "Match of the Day 2" programmes on Saturdays and Sundays.
The 154 UK televised games are also broadcast across the world, with some using the coverage provided by Sky and BT, while other use their own commentary teams. 3:00pm Saturday kick-offs, which are not allowed to be broadcast live on UK television, are also shown on international channels mainly using the commentary from Sky Sports. In Ireland, a different situation applies; a package of only one Saturday 3:00pm kick off each week (along with one game on the final Sunday) is sold as an addition to the UK live rights packages, this package is currently held by Setanta Sports. While there is no rule prohibiting the screening of the other 3:00pm games in Ireland, the Premier League does not make the rights to these games available to Irish broadcasters, effectively preventing their screening live in Ireland.
Broadcasters.
These are the countries and channels that broadcast the Premier League:

</doc>
<doc id="21451426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451426" title="Minas Tênis Clube (basketball)">
Minas Tênis Clube (basketball)

Minas Tênis Clube is the men's professional basketball branch from Minas Tênis Clube, a multisports club from Belo Horizonte, Brazil, and a team from Novo Basquete Brasil, the Brazilian basketball league.
History.
Minas was one of the top teams in the first years of Novo Basquete Brasil, reaching the semifinal series two straight years. In both semifinals, the team, led by the center Murilo Becker and the point guard Facundo Sucatzky, was defeated by Brasília. In the 2009–10 NBB season, Minas showed the point guard Raul Togni Neto, better known as Raulzinho. Neto was chosen the NBB Revelation Player and then moved to the Spanish team Lagun Aro. In the 2011–12 NBB season, Minas made a very bad campaign, finishing in thirteenth place and getting out of the playoffs. For the following season the managers made a great renovation of the cast, hiring young players.

</doc>
<doc id="21451437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451437" title="Boulevard des Italiens">
Boulevard des Italiens

The boulevard des Italiens is one of the four 'grands boulevards' in Paris, a chain running east west and also including boulevard de la Madeleine, Boulevard des Capucines and boulevard Montmartre. The origin of the name is the théâtre des Italiens built on it in 1783, shortly before the French Revolution (now replaced by the Opéra-Comique).
History.
The boulevard's former names were:
Throughout the 19th century the boulevard was a meeting place for the elegant elite of Paris (a role that lasted until the First World War).
It was to replace "Muscadins" and "Merveilleuses" at the time of the Directoire, "Gandins" at the Restauration, "Dandies" during the reign of Louis-Philippe 1st, women in "crinolines" during the Second Empire. 
That time was also a major epoque for several famous "Cafés": Café de Paris, café Tortoni (the café Tortoni in Buenos Aires takes its name from that in Paris), café Frascati, café Français, Maison dorée among others. Upon completion of boulevard Haussmann in the 1920s these establishments disappeared to be replaced by other buildings, particularly financial ones.
Notable places.
At the junction with rue Laffitte, a nice view of the Sacré-Coeur de Montmartre, which seems to be placed on the top of the Church Notre-Dame-de-Lorette, whereas in fact, it is much more distant.
At the corner of rue de la Chaussée d'Antin was the Dépôt des Gardes-françaises (French Guards' barracks) built by the colonel Duke of Biron in 1764. It gave the name of the boulevard for some years. On 12 July 1789, a platoon of the guards saved his colonel, Duchâtelet, from popular riots.
At the corner of rue Louis-le-Grand, Palais Berlitz, built in the style of the 1930s in place of the Pavillon de Hanovre of the 18th century, which has been disassembled and rebuilt in the park of Sceaux.

</doc>
<doc id="21451438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451438" title="Biloxi language">
Biloxi language

Biloxi is an extinct Siouan language which was at one time spoken in Mississippi, Louisiana, and southeast Texas.
History.
Biloxis first encountered Europeans in 1699 along the Pascagoula River. By the mid-18th century they had settled in central Louisiana. Some were also noted in Texas in the early 19th century. By the early 19th century their numbers were already dwindling, and by 1934 the last native speaker, Emma Jackson, was in her 80s. Morris Swadesh and Mary Haas spoke with Emma Jackson in 1934 and confirmed her status as a speaker of the language.
Classification.
Biloxi is an Ohio Valley, or Southeastern, Siouan language related to Ofo and Tutelo.
Sounds.
Multiple possible inventories have been suggested; this article follows that of (Einaudi, 1976).
Vowels.
Along with contrastive nasalization, Biloxi also had phonemic vowel length.
Phonetic notes:
Dorsey & Swanton (1912) postulated phonemic vowel length. This was verified by Haas and Swadesh in speaking with Emma Jackson in 1934, their findings appearing in Haas (1968).
Also, there may still be some uncertainty as to whether certain words contain /ą/ or /an/.
Consonants.
Phonetic notes:
Biloxi may also have had a phonemic aspiration distinction for some segments.
Phonotactics.
Syllable structure is (C)(C)(C)V(C) or (C)V(C)(C). However, clusters of three consonants are rare.
Most words end in a vowel. Ones which don't usually end in /k/ or /x/ as a result of deletion, e.g. "tox" from "toho" 'he fell'.
Consonant clusters usually don't end syllables. When they do, it's probably caused by vowel deletion, e.g. "tohoxk" from "tohoxka" 'horse'.
The following consonant clusters are observed:
It may be noted that geminates do not occur, besides /n/ sonorants and probably /d/ only occur as the second elements of clusters, /h/ and /m/ are never the second element, and fricatives do not co-occur.
There are a few three-consonant clusters, all of the form C+s+stop or C+x+glide and some with alternate forms:
Grammar.
Morphophonemics.
There are many verb roots and two mode markers with the morphophonemically conditioned alternation e~a~i (underlying ||E||). Included in them are:
and the mode markers:
The alternation depends on the following morpheme:
Nouns and verbs whose stems end in "-Vhi" or "-Vhį" change to "-Vx" before the plural marker "-tu":
This may optionally also occur with "duti" 'to eat' also:
This rule may optionally also apply in compounds and across word boundaries when the next element starts with CV:
Nouns ending in "-di" which can undergo pluralization change to "-x", e.g. ||adi + tu|| > /axtu/ 'their father'.
Verbs whose stems end in "-Vki", "-Vpi", or "-si" optionally lose their "-i" before the plural marker.
This rule may cause the previous vowel to denasalize.
Verbs whose stems end in "-ti" or "-hi" may optionally change to "-x" before the negative mode marker "ni".
Stems ending in "-si" optionally become "-s".
The dative marker "ki" becomes "kiy" before a vowel.
The following rule is optional in compounds and across word boundaries, and obligatory everywhere else:
V1V1 > V1
V1V2 > V2
However, there are a couple of words with two adjacent vowels: "naǫ" 'day', "hauti" 'be sick', etc.
Two morphophonemically identical syllables may not appear contiguously, and if this is going to occur the first is dropped.
Einaudi finds one counter-example, ||kite + te|| > /kite te/ 'she wanted to hit him'.
C1C1 > C1
The following rule optionally applies to compounds:
XV#CY > XCY
This rule can lead to otherwise disallowed clusters, including geminates.
The following rule applies to compounds:
Vn#C > V̨#C
The following rules are conditioned by person markers on nouns and verbs:
Stems beginning with /h/ and some beginning with /y/ (morphophonemically distinguished as ||Y||) undergo the following (obligatory for h-stems, optional for Y-stems):
However, this does not apply for y-initial (rather than Y-initial) stems:
The next rule applies before roots and the dative marker "ki":
(optionally) ||ay|| > /aya~ya/ /___k,x
Use of different allomorphs in free variation is attested for at least some verbs.
The next four rules combine personal affixes, and thus only apply to verbs:
The subjunctive mode marker ||xo|| undergoes the following rule:
The habitual mode marker ||xa|| optionally undergoes the following rule:
The auxiliary "ande" undergoes the following rule:
Morphology.
The three word classes in Biloxi are verbs, substantives (nouns and pronouns), and particles. The first two take affixes, while the last cannot.
Verbs are always marked for person and number, and may also take dative, reciprocal, reflexive, and/or instrumental markers, as well as mode markers, the object specifier, and auxiliaries. They occur finally or penultimately in clauses.
All nominal affixes may also be used with verbs; however, nouns may be defined as the set of words which may only use a subset of the verbal affixes. They may not use dative, reciprocal, reflexive, or instrumental markers, nor mode markers or auxiliaries.
Particles serve many functions including noun phrase marking and acting as adverbials.
Inflection.
Nouns.
Nouns may either be inflectable or non-inflectable. The large majority belong to the latter class.
The former group inflects for person and number. It contains names of body parts and kin terms, which must inflect, and a few other personal possessions for which inflection is optional. The person markers are:
These may be pluralized with the marker "-tu". The noun's number itself is not marked explicitly.
Examples of inflected nouns include:
Examples of optionally inflected nouns include:
Personal pronouns are formed by inflecting the root "indi" for person and number. (At one point this may also have been done with the demonstratives "he" and "de".) Pronouns are always optional, and serve to express greater emphasis. Singular pronouns may occur as either the subject or the object, while the plurals may only occur as subjects (see "-daha").
Biloxi has two common demonstratives, "de" 'this' and "he" 'that'. They may be marked for plurality as "denani" and "henani", but this is very rare since they are only used when plurality is unmarked elsewhere, and plurality is marked on the verb in noun phrases with classificatory verbs:
Verbs.
Verbs inflect for person (1st, 2nd, 3rd), number (singular vs. plural), and mode (many possibilities, including some less-well understood mode markers).
Morphemes within verbs have the following order:
Verbs may either be "classificatory" or "normal". Classificatory verbs specify the subject's position (sitting, standing, etc.) and differ from normal verbs in that the first person is not inflected for person.
Inflection for person and number is identical to inflected nouns:
Because of the rules determining the surface manifestations of some combinations of person markers, 2nd person on 1st and 3rd person on 1st forms are identical, e.g. "yaxtedi" 'you hit me, he hit me'. Also, 2nd person subj., 2nd person on 3rd, and 3rd person on 2nd are identical, e.g. "idǫhi" 'you see, you see him, they see you'.
"-tu" marks animate plurality (except with some motion verbs).
However, "-tu" is not used:
Some (but not all) verbs of motion mark plurality with the prefix "a-" inserted directly before the root:
But there are counterexamples (even ones derived from the same roots):
"daha" marks plural objects when they are not specified elsewhere. It comes after "-tu" and before all mode markers.
Examples:
There are two examples of "daha" being reduced to "ha":
"a-" may be added to some verb roots to mark an unspecified indefinite object:
Mode markers.
There are many mode markers in Biloxi. Some are common and well understood, while others are infrequent and have elusive meanings.
Derivation.
Nouns.
Nouns may be derived either through nominalizing verbs or by compounding.
Verbs are nominalized via the prefix "a-":
Compound nounds may either be formed by combining two nouns or a noun and a verb. (Some morphophonemic rules are involved, see above.)
noun + noun:
noun + verb:
Pronouns.
For the personal pronoun "indi", see above. "įkowa" may be used as a reflexive pronoun. It is possible that both of these, and perhaps the reflexive pronoun "-įxki-" (see below) are derived from a root "in".
Interrogatives.
A number of interrogatives come from the prefix "ca-" (with vowel elision following morphophonemic rules):
Some are derived from pronouns:
Verbs.
Verbal derivation may either occur via root derivation (reduplication and compounding) or stem derivation (thematic prefixes, dative markers, reciprocals, reflexives, and instrumentals.)
Reduplication.
Reduplication, common in Biloxi, is used either to convey intensification or distributiveness. Usually, the first CVC of the root is reduplicated, but sometimes this only happens to the first CV.
Compounding.
Verbal compounds may either be of the form noun + verb or verb + verb.
It seems that the majority of noun-verb compounds are formed using the verb "ǫ" 'do, make':
Examples of verb-verb compounds:
Note that some of the above compounds wind up having adjacent vowels, since syncope in compounds is optional.
Thematic prefixes.
Thematic prefixes come after person markers and before dative markers and instrumentals.
Dative, reciprocal, and reflexive markers.
The dative marker "ki-" ("kiy-" before vowels) is used after thematic prefixes.
It is peculiar in that it may be used when body parts or animals belonging to someone are the direct object (the "dative of possession"). 
It appears as "kik-" before "ǫ" 'do, make', and gives it a benefactive gloss ("kikǫ daha" 'he made for them'). (Do not mistake this for "kiki-".)
The reduplicated "kiki-" marks reciprocity. This only makes sense if the verb is plural, so the plural marker "-tu" is not mandatory.
"įxki-" (or "ixki-", perhaps because of the denasalizing morphopohnemic rule, above) marks reflexives. It normally comes immediately after person markers, but in some 3rd person cases "ki-" may come before it:
Instrumental prefixes.
Instrumentals serve to mark how the event was carried out. They immediately precede the root.
Adverbs.
Adverbs may be derived from connectives, pronouns, and verbs and particles via a number of affixes:
Connectives.
There are various instances of derived connectives:
Numerals.
Derived numbers contain predictable vowel syncope (see above).
11-19 are derived via the formula 'X sitting on Y' ('Y Xaxehe').
20-99 are derived via the formula 'X sitting on Y Zs' ('Z Y Xaxehe')
Ordinal numerals (1st, 2nd, 3rd) are not attested. To express 'once', 'twice', 'three times', etc.', use the verb "de" 'to go' before cardinal numbers:
To form multiplicatives, use "akipta" 'to double' before cardinal numbers:
Syntax.
Biloxi is a left-branching SOV language.
Its lexical categories include interjections (I), adverbials (A), subjects (S), objects (O), verbs (V), and connectives (C).
The three types of phrases are:
There are dependent and independent clauses, and major and minor sentences. (see below)
Interjections.
Interjections may be:
Vocatives.
Vocatives are almost always unmarked:
There are only three exceptions:
Adverbials.
Adverbials most often appear directly before the verb, but they may also act as subjects and object. They may not follow verbs or precede connectives in sentence-initial position.
Adverbials may be:
Adverbial particles.
Some particles:
Usage examples:
Postpositional phrases.
Notes:
Almost all of the above allow following "de" or "yą". "de" has the expected meaning 'here' or 'this', while "yą" may be glossed 'the' or 'yonder'.
Prepositions are sometimes used without modifying a noun, becoming adverbial:
Multiplicatives.
Such as:
Subjects and Objects.
Subjects and objects are formed almost identically, save for the fact that the nominal particle "ką" may only be used after objects.
A subject or object must include a simple noun (N), and may optionally also include a verb (V), nominal particle (np), and/or demonstrative pronoun (dp), in that order.
If the noun is a personal pronoun, it may only (optionally) be followed by either a demonstrative pronoun or a nominal particle, but not both. For other pronouns (e.g. "de" 'this"), they may not be followed by anythihng.
Examples:
N V
N np
N dp
N V np
N V dp
N np dp
N V np dp
Possession in S's and O's is expressed by the possessor followed by the possessed, followed by np's.
Two subjects may be juxtaposed with reciprocal verbs:
Additives may be expressed by juxtaposition followed by the np "yą", but this is not used often due to ambiguity (it might be interpreted as a possessive phrase):
Alternatives are expressed with juxtaposition followed by the particle "ha" (not otherwise an np):
Nominal particles (np).
Biloxi has many nominal particles, and for the most part their function is unclear.
A non-exhaustive list:
For the most part it's unclear what conditions the use of a particular np (or ∅), but the following can be said:
Verbs.
Simple verbs (not causatives or expanded verbs, see below) must contain a person marker, root, and number marker, and optionally the following:
Prefixes:
Suffixes:
Auxiliary constructions.
Biloxi contains a defective auxiliary verb "(h)andE"/"yukE" ("ande" is used in singular, "yuke" for plural). By itself it may mean 'to be' or 'to stay', but with another verb it lends durativity. The plural marker "-tu" is not used with "yuke" since the defective form itself already serves to mark number.
When the auxiliary construction is used, both the main verb and the auxiliary are inflected.
Examples:
Generally to express the negative the stem is negated, rather than the auxiliary:
Classificatory verbs.
Biloxi contains five classificatory verbs, which indicate duration and position of the subject: (See above for morphophonemic explanation of ||mąki|| > /max/.)
They may be used alone as verbs ("kuhik mąx ką" 'when it was lying high') but often reinforce synonymous roots:
They are used mostly with animates.
Classificatory verbs are only inflected for 2nd person (not 1st) when used as auxiliaries.
"hamaki"~"amaki" is used as the plural form for all five classificatory verbs (even optionally for "mąki" and "ne", which have their own plural forms "mąxtu"~"amąki" and "ne"):
Causatives.
The causative verb ||YE|| comes after (uninflected) stems to form a causative construction. In first and second person "ha" (sometimes "h" if followed by a vowel, see 3.1 above) is inserted between the stem and ||YE||.
Examples:
Expanded verbs.
Serial verb constructions occur with two or three verbs in sequence. All are of the same person and number, but only the final stem has suffixes:
Connectives.
Connectives may be coordinating or subordinating:
Subordinating.
All subordinating connectives are clause-final. "ką" is the most common by far, and may be related to the np "ką".
Clauses.
Clauses may end it at most one clause final connective. Subordinating connectives are used to create dependant clauses.
In clauses, the following order generally holds:
There are occasional examples of S and/or O occurring after the verb, always with animates. O rarely precedes S, possibly for emphasis.
Direct objects always precedes indirect objects, e.g. "ąya xi yandi ąxti yą int ką ku" 'the chief gave him the woman"
Full sentences always end in independent clauses. Embedded sentences are not usually marked, though the horatory marker "hi" can be used if the embedded action hasn't yet occurred, and "ni" can be used if the action wasn't performed. "wo" (or "wi") is used for mistaken ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="21451458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451458" title="1962 Natal Grand Prix">
1962 Natal Grand Prix

The 2nd Natal Grand Prix was a motor race, run to South African Formula One-style rules, held on 22 December 1962 at Westmead Circuit, South Africa. The field was split into two heats, with a subsequent final. The heats consisted of 22 laps, and the final was run over 33 laps, and was won by British driver Trevor Taylor in his Lotus 25.
The event was marred by the death of Rhodesian driver Gary Hocking, who was killed in practice driving the Rob Walker Racing Team Lotus 24.
Clark posted the fastest time in practice, and was on pole position for the first heat. However, after exchanging the lead several times with Richie Ginther,he experienced problems during he race and was classified 12th. Ginther won the heat with local driver Bruce Johnstone finishing second. Graham Hill was on pole for the second heat, which was won by Taylor with Hill second, after a battle throughout the race.
Clark started at the back of the grid for the final, with Ginther, Taylor and Hill forming the front row. Hill's car suffered ignition failure, but Clark raced through the field to beat Ginther and take second behind Taylor, who led throughout.

</doc>
<doc id="21451461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451461" title="Avtar Saini">
Avtar Saini

Avtar Saini is a microprocessor designer and developer. He holds some patents related to microprocessor design. He is also former director for Intel's South Asia division. He is best known for his leadership role in the design and development of Pentium processor at Intel.
Career and achievements.
Avtar holds a bachelors degree in electrical engineering from VJTI, Mumbai, and a Masters degree in electrical engineering from the University of Minnesota. At Intel, Avtar co-led the development of the Pentium processor and was responsible for the first phase development of Intel's 64-bit architecture - The Itanium Processor. 
He joined Intel in April 1982 as a Product Engineer in the area of magnetic bubble memories. Through the 1980s he worked as a circuit designer on the Intel386, and a micro-architect/logic designer on the Intel486. 
In 1989, he was promoted to co-lead the Pentium processor design team where he managed the design and its ramp into volume production. In 1994, Saini was promoted as General Manager, Santa Clara Microprocessor Division where he managed Intel's next generation 64 byte architecture microprocessor. 
In May 1996, he moved to Folsom, California to head the Platform Components Division where he was responsible for the Chipset and Graphics solutions for the Intel Architecture platform. 
In September 1999, Saini was relocated to India as Director South Asia. Avtar left Intel in January 2004 . He joined eInfochips in 2005. 
He holds 7 patents related to microprocessor design.

</doc>
<doc id="21451462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451462" title="Bendougouba">
Bendougouba


</doc>
<doc id="21451475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451475" title="Maryland Terrapins men's lacrosse">
Maryland Terrapins men's lacrosse

The Maryland Terrapins men's lacrosse team represents the University of Maryland in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I lacrosse as a member of the Big Ten Conference (B1G). Maryland was a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference before withdrawing on July 1, 2014. Since 1924, Maryland has secured numerous national and conference championship honors, including two NCAA tournament championships, eight Wingate Memorial Trophy titles and one United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association championship. Maryland is the only major college lacrosse team to have never finished a season with a losing record.
History.
Since 1922, a total of 110 first-team All-American honors have been bestowed upon Maryland players. Six Terrapins have received All-American honors each of their four years. Frank Urso is one of just four college players to be named a first-team All-American all four years. Johns Hopkins, located nearby in Baltimore, is considered the Terrapins' rival in lacrosse. The two schools have played more than 100 times since the series began in 1895, and members of the media and fans widely consider it the "greatest rivalry" in college lacrosse.
Despite representing the largest university in the state of Maryland, a traditional bastion of lacrosse talent, the Terrapins have not won a national championship since 1975. Nevertheless, since the team's inaugural season in 1924, Maryland has never finished with a losing record, a feat unmatched by any other major college lacrosse team. The Terrapins have finished four seasons with a winning percentage of .500.
In 1924, Maryland, under the guidance of coach R. V. Truitt, entered the United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse League (USILL). In its first contest in the association, it snapped Navy's 46-game winning streak and then beat undefeated Johns Hopkins, the Southern Division championship team, 4–2. The following season, Maryland captured the Southern Division title by beating the Doug Turnbull-led Hopkins squad, 3–1.
In 1926, the USILL was succeeded by the United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (USILA), which did not have a limitation on number of member schools. For the next five decades, Maryland remained a national power, alongside Johns Hopkins, Navy, and St. John's. The dominance of these four schools located in the state of Maryland was due in large part to the high caliber of the sport at the interscholastic level. Lacrosse was the preeminent spring sport at the public Baltimore Polytechnic Institute and Baltimore City College, as well as the city's private high schools. The importance of lacrosse was magnified by the lack of any major professional teams in Baltimore until the creation of the Colts in 1947 and the return of the Orioles in 1954.
Maryland finished the 1928 season with a 9–1 record, the loss coming at the hands of Johns Hopkins. Three other association members finished with one loss: Hopkins, Navy, and Rutgers. The four squads were awarded Gold Medals as the best teams in the nation. That year, arrangements were made for the inclusion of a lacrosse exhibition at the 1928 Summer Olympics. American Olympic Committee president General Douglas MacArthur established a committee to organize the country's participation in the lacrosse event. Representation of the United States was determined by a tournament of intercollegiate and amateur teams that involved Maryland, Johns Hopkins, Rutgers, Army, Navy, and the Mount Washington Lacrosse Club. Maryland advanced to the finale, where they were defeated by Hopkins in front of 15,000 spectators. In 1929, the undefeated St. John's Johnnies handed Maryland its first homefield loss in thirteen years.
Before the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, lacrosse proponents arranged for another an exhibition tournament. To decide the representative for the United States, the American Olympic Lacrosse Committee held an eight-team single-elimination tournament featuring Maryland, Johns Hopkins, Syracuse, St. John's, Rutgers, Crescent Athletic Club, Mount Washington Lacrosse Club, and an all-star team composed of American Indian players from the Six Nations. Maryland defeated Mount Washington at Baltimore Stadium in front of 6,000 spectators in a doubleheader that also featured Johns Hopkins narrowly beat St. John's. In the semifinals, a small crowd of 500 watched Maryland beat the Crescents and Hopkins beat Rutgers in foul rainy weather. Hopkins defeated Maryland in the final before a crowd of 5,000 to secure their place as the United States representatives for the Olympics.
In 1935, Maryland finished with one loss, as did St. John's and Navy. Princeton, however, was undefeated and accounted for the Navy loss, and therefore took the national title. The following season, Maryland coach Jack Faber guided the undefeated Terps to secure the inaugural Wingate Memorial Trophy (awarded to the USILA champions). In 1937, Maryland finished undefeated again and shared the national co-championship with William F. Logan's Princeton. Faber led Maryland to back-to-back outright USILA titles in 1939 led by Jim Meade and Rip Hewitt, and in 1940 led by Milton Mulitz and Oscar Nevares.
In 1955 and 1956, co-head coaches Faber and Al Heagy guided the Terrapins to two more undefeated seasons and consecutive national championships. Maryland split the USILA championship with two other one-loss teams, Army and Johns Hopkins, in 1959. In 1967, Maryland suffered one loss to Navy, that decade's dominant team, but Hopkins in turn defeated the Midshipmen which resulted in a three-way tie for the championship between the trio.
On March 29, 2009, the Maryland–Virginia regular season match resulted in the longest lacrosse game in NCAA history, extending into seven overtime periods. An unintentional whistle by the officiating staff negated what would have been a game-winning goal by Terrapins attackman Grant Catalino in the first overtime. Virginia went on to win with a goal in the seventh overtime, 10–9, and preserved its perfect record, 11–0, while Maryland slid to 6–3.
In 2011, Maryland defeated first-seeded Duke to recapture the ACC tournament championship after a six-year hiatus. Attackman Grant Catalino was named the tournament MVP.
After defeating No.1 Duke, the No.2 Terps jumped to No.1 in the Nation as of 3/2/14
Championships.
National championships.
Starting in 1926, the United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (USILA) began rating college lacrosse teams and awarding gold medals to the top teams. Maryland was the recipient of one of these in 1928, alongside Johns Hopkins, Navy, and Rutgers, all of whom suffered just one regular season collegiate defeat. From 1936, the USILA awarded the Wingate Memorial Trophy to the regular season intercollegiate champions. In 1971, the National Collegiate Athletic Association began hosting a men's lacrosse tournament to determine the national champions.

</doc>
<doc id="21451488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451488" title="The Bitter Springs">
The Bitter Springs

The Bitter Springs are an English rock group from the London suburb of Teddington. The band evolved from Last Party, who had formed in 1985, with the name changing in 1996. The band have released two albums as Last Party, and six as The Bitter Springs and also played with Vic Godard as Subway Sect, on and off for nine years.
History.
Last Party formed in 1985, although their history stretches back to the band No Trains At The Bay, which the members formed at school in 1978, and who had a song called "The Last Party". One of their earliest gigs was in support of The Sound, their original drummer Steve Infield being a housemate of The Sound's bass player Graham Bailey. They released their debut album on their own Harvey label the following year. They were the support act at The Stone Roses' first London gig, at the Greyhound in Fulham, and were favourites with John Peel, recording two sessions for his BBC Radio 1 show, one on 1987 and a second in 1989.
In 1995, the band members at the time (singer Simon Rivers, bass player Daniel Ashkenazy, Kim Ashford, and Neil Palmer) decided on a new name, The Bitter Springs, changing their name "in the hope that journalists who had ignored the Last Party would give us another listen". The debut release under this new name, the "Addison Brothers" EP, featured Vic Godard, and the Bitter Springs enjoyed a long association with Godard, acting as his backing band, the Subway Sect, for nine years, also contributing to studio recordings including Godard's "Blackpool" album, where Godard and the Bitter Springs provide musical backing to lyrics by Irvine Welsh. The Bitter Springs themselves have released six studio albums, including "Benny Hill's Wardrobe", which was "album of the month" in "MOJO" and rated at 4.5 out of 5 by "Melody Maker", the latest being "That Sentimental Slush" in 2006, described as "an , exuberant bomb blast of an album". "Allmusic's" Stewart Mason described the album as "entirely typical of the band's output, showing both their strengths and weaknesses", and noted Rivers' "wry sense of humor and an eye for romantic futility". Lyricist and singer Simon Rivers has also performed solo, the first time in 2007 supporting The Band of Holy Joy.

</doc>
<doc id="21451520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451520" title="Justin Olsen">
Justin Olsen

Justin Olsen (born April 16, 1987) is an American bobsledder who has competed since 2008. He won two medals at the 2009 FIBT World Championships in Lake Placid, New York with a gold in the four-man and a bronze in the mixed team events.
Olsen's best event bobsleigh World Cup finish was second on three occasions in 2008–09.
He is a native of San Antonio, Texas and a graduate of Sandra Day O'Connor High School.
It was announced on January 17, 2010 that he made the US team in the four-man event for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Olsen won a Gold Medal at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics in the 4-man Bobsled with driver Steve Holcomb.

</doc>
<doc id="21451528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451528" title="Mannanthala">
Mannanthala

Mannanthala is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, India.
Geography.
It is located at .
Location.
Mannanthala is on the Main Central Road, after Nalanchira. It is connected to the city by buses run by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation from the Thampanoor and East Fort bus depots.
Nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21451531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451531" title="Lukula">
Lukula

Lukula is a town in, and a territory of Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It lies on the road and disused Mayumbe railway line between Boma, to the south, and Tshela, to the north, on the southern bank of the Lakula river. Lukula lies at an altitude of 646 ft (196 m) above sea level. 
Economic activity includes cement production, utilising locally occurring limestone,

</doc>
<doc id="21451534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451534" title="Karlis Aperats">
Karlis Aperats

Kārlis Aperāts (4 March 1892 – 16 July 1944) was a Standartenführer, (full colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Kārlis Aperāts was born on the 4 March 1892, in Vilce parish, Latvia.
World War I.
In December 1915 during World War I, he joined the Imperial Russian Army and served in the 3rd Company, 145 Infantry Regiment on the Eastern Front fighting against the Imperial German Army. Then at his own request he was transferred into the 1st Latvian Schützen Regiment in March 1916 fighting against the Germans in the Riga area and promoted until the end of August 1917 being promoted to an NCO for his bravery in battle. In December 1917 he was admitted into hospital suffering from a severe illness, when he had recovered in December 1918 he was dismissed from the army and entered into the reserve as an officer. Then on the 31 December 1918 he was appointed commander for the Ventspils region.
Between the wars.
In January 1919 Aperāts joined the Latvian Battalion under the command of Colonel Oskars Kalpaks, and together with the Freikorps and the Iron Division was involved in fighting to liberate the Baltic states from Russian control, in command of the Wenden Battalion. In May 1919, he was given command of the signals unit of the 1st Latvian Brigade and promoted to Lieutenant in August 1919. By December 1919 he was posted to command the signals unit of the 1st Kurland Infantry Division and promoted to 1st Lieutenant.
In September 1920 he was transferred yet again this time to the staff of the Army high command in Riga. 
He was promoted to Captain in January 1924, and made the Divisional Adjutant. He took over command of the Divisions signals unit in October 1924 and made deputy chief of staff in 1928. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in November 1936.
World War II.
After the Soviet invasion of Latvia, in 1940, Aperāts was recruited into the Red Army but left soon after to start an underground unit of 1700 men, to fight against the Red Army until June 1941, when they retreated from the advancing Germans. He joined the Waffen SS in August 1942 first in the SS Reserve Battalion, then in command of the 19th Schuma Battalion, the 26th Schumacher Battalion and from March 1943, the 19th Schumacher Battalion.
He was involved in operations in Belarus and on the Leningrad front from February 1943, and in March he was given command of the "II.Battalion, 1st Battalion Latvian, SS Volunteer Regiment".
He was promoted to Obersturmbannführer in April 1943, and temporarily given command of the SS Volunteer Regiment 39 in May 1943, until June 1944 when he was moved to command the Waffen Grenadier Regiment of the SS 32 (Latvian No. 1), 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (Latvian No. 1), the regiment served in the north of the Eastern Front. Here Aperats formed a Kampfgruppe based on the SS Volunteer Grenadier Regiment 32.
The approximately 850 strong unit, with two anti tank guns were engaged by two Partisan battalions, which suffered significant losses and were destroyed. The Kampfgruppe was then selected to form the Division rearguard at the Ssinaja Bridge over the Mosuli, which was under attack by a Soviet division and 30 to 40 tanks, of which the Kampfgruppe destroyed eight. During the fighting Aperāts was severely wounded in the head and according to the regimental doctor only had about 30 minutes to live.
The soldiers of his Regiment wanted to carry him back to safety but he insisted that he was left behind with a pistol.
As the Kampfgruppe withdrew from the bridgehead they heard a shot and it is presumed that Aperāts shot himself.>
For his personal bravery from the 11 July 1944 south of Lake Kubenskoye and the following battles in Welikja, Aperāts was awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross.
Post script.
Each year on 16 July, the survivors of his regiment meet at the Ssinaja Bridge near the Mosuli, to leave a wreath on the water to remember Kārlis Aperāts.

</doc>
<doc id="21451535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451535" title="Dallas 1957 chess tournament">
Dallas 1957 chess tournament

The Dallas 1957 chess tournament was played in Hotel Adolphus in Dallas, then the tallest building in Texas, from November 30 to December 16, 1957. The main event was a contest among eight players from seven countries. Three Polish-born grandmasters participated; Samuel Reshevsky, Miguel Najdorf and Daniel Yanofsky. Unfortunately, David Bronstein from the Soviet Union got no visa for a visit to Texas. Pál Benkő defeated Ken Smith in a match that was played as a side event. The time control was 40 moves in two hours, followed by 20 moves in one hour. A bulletin was published for each round, and Isaac Kashdan functioned as commentator.
Results.
The results and standings:
Gligorić and Reshevsky got $1750 each, Szabo and Larsen $750 each, Yanofsky $210, Olafsson $195, Najdorf $165, and Evans $150.

</doc>
<doc id="21451541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451541" title="Basophilic stippling">
Basophilic stippling

Basophilic stippling aka Punctate basophilia refers to an observation found when observing a blood smear in which erythrocytes display small dots at the periphery. These dots are the visualization of ribosomes and can often be found in the peripheral blood smear, even in some normal individuals.
It is associated with several conditions, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21451543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451543" title="Arboretum de Pézanin">
Arboretum de Pézanin

The Arboretum de Pézanin (27 hectares) is an arboretum located in Dompierre-les-Ormes, Saône-et-Loire, Bourgogne, France.
It's one of the richest forest collection in France.
History.
The arboretum was established in 1903 by Joseph-Marie-Philippe Lévêque de Vilmorin (1872-1917), owner of Château d'Audour. Between 1903 and 1923, over 1100 species were planted, but it then fell into a period of abandonment until it was acquired by the state in 1935. It is now owned by the French Ministry of Agriculture and managed by the "Office national des Forêts". 
Although the arboretum was severely damaged by storms in 1981 and 1999, it has recently undergone renewed plantings. Today the arboretum contains more than 450 species of trees, with walking paths and a pond.
There is too a geocaching sudokache.
La Galerie européenne de la forêt et du bois.
Since 2004, the site of Pézanin is completed by "La Galerie Européenne de la Forêt et du Bois" (The European Gallery of Forest and Wood) which is too in Dompierre-les-Ormes, located at 2 minutes of the Arboretum. The Gallery is an exhibits site
Access.
The Arboretum is accessible through the RCEA (Route Centre Europe Atlantique), exit "Dompierre-les-Ormes", at 20 minutes from Mâcon (motorway of the sun, train and TGV station, A40 autoroute...), 1 hour from Lyon and 2 hour from Genève.

</doc>
<doc id="21451545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451545" title="Necessary Evil (Salem album)">
Necessary Evil (Salem album)

Necessary Evil is the sixth studio album by Israeli death metal band Salem, released on June 19, 2007.
The album includes the band's longest music piece, "Once Upon a Lifetime", which lasts more than 20 minutes, although it is divided into 5 parts in the album.
Track listing.
Tracks 1-9 are by Salem & Nir Nakav.
Tracks 10-14 are by Nir Nakav.

</doc>
<doc id="21451549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451549" title="Slesse Creek">
Slesse Creek

Slesse Creek is a creek in Whatcom County, Washington and British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Chilliwack River and is known as Silesia Creek south of the border and Slesse Creek north of it.
East Fork.
The East Fork begins in tiny Egg Lake and flows north then northwest until it converges with the Middle Fork to form Silesia Creek Proper.
Middle Fork.
The Middle Fork begins at an unnamed ridge just west of Egg Lake and flows northwest then north until it converges with the East Fork to form Silesia Creek Proper.
West Fork.
The West Fork begins near Mamie Pass and flows north until it picks up the waters of Winchester Creek. It then turns east until it merges with Silesia Creek Proper. It flows over a waterfall just above its mouth.
Mainstream.
Originating at the confluence of the East and Middle Forks, the creek flows northwest almost all the way to the Chilliwack River. It receives one major tributary, that being Rapid Creek, which it gets about halfway between its source and the West Fork. It crosses the border about ¼ of the way there and at that point its name changes to Slesse Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="21451554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451554" title="Mighty Oak Brewery">
Mighty Oak Brewery

Mighty Oak Brewing Co Ltd is a small brewery located in the town of Maldon, Essex. It has won many awards from the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA).
Mighty Oak was founded by John Boyce in Brentwood in Essex in 1996. It moved to the town of Maldon in January 2001, and set up in the West Station Yard industrial area, once a major local industrial area with its own railway branch line to Witham.
The brewery makes mostly ale and exports these throughout Essex, London, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire and Kent. Many of the brewery's products are available to buy privately in different size plastic bladders up to keg size.
Boyce continues as Managing Director.
Notable Ales.
Besides these, the brewery makes several other ales and is committed to making several limited edition brews each month, as well as themed monthly specials - often with “amusing” names, such as Elfin Safety, Completely Conkers, Hobbit Forming and Yellow Snow.
See also.
Maldon, Essex, the town that houses Mighty Oak.
The Campaign for Real Ale.

</doc>
<doc id="21451555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451555" title="Myanmar International">
Myanmar International

Myanmar International Television is a Burmese state-owned national and international English-language television channel based in Yangon, Myanmar. The channel was first launched in August 2001 as MRTV-3, the third ever television channel in Myanmar. It was rebranded as Myanmar International Television in April 2010.
Overview.
The channel was first launched on 1 August 2001 was financed with a $1 million grant from Japan and is broadcast on the Shin Corp Thaicom 3 satellite. It is the third channel to be launched in Myanmar, after the main MRTV channel (1980) and Myawaddy TV (1995). The state-owned channel was viewable in 156 countries, broadcasting 17 hours a day in Myanmar and 8 hours a day in Europe and America, with coverage increasing to 24 hours a day worldwide on the occasion of the rebranding to Myanmar International.
The service is one of several television channels freely available in Myanmar.
According to Ye Tun, assistant manager of Myanmar International, the purposes of the channel are threefold: "to inform, to educate and to entertain the public and broadcast healthy programs". However, the channel has been criticised for broadcasting propaganda for the junta. A government official said the channel was launched to provide an "objective response" to international media reports about Burma.
A web-based video streaming system was launched in November 2002, and an online newspaper in March 2003. The channel has news exchange agreements with CCTV, NHK, Airang TV and CFI.
Programming.
News programmes regularly feature army and political leaders, while entertainment programmes feature ethnic groups singing songs of national unity. "Myanmar Mosaic" features cookery, cultural and tourism programmes about Burma.
During the 2007 Burmese anti-government protests, the channel criticised Western media outlets for "fabricating stories" about the incident, describing them as "not happy with peace, stability and development of the nation." A news programme broadcast slides reading "VOA and BBC, sky full of liars. Beware of destructionists, BBC and VOA." The channel reported on the protests after several days.

</doc>
<doc id="21451560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451560" title="Great Belt Power Link">
Great Belt Power Link

The Great Belt Power Link (Storebælt HVDC) is a high voltage direct current interconnection across the Great Belt between Funen and Zealand connecting two power transmission systems in Denmark.
History.
Denmark has two separated transmission systems, of which the eastern one is synchronous with Nordic (former NORDEL) and the western one with the synchronous grid of Continental Europe. There had been several discussions and feasibility studies about possible interconnection between these systems. The Danish system had changed due to closure of older plants and expansion of renewable energy. The purpose of the connection is to improve utilisation of the power system, share power reserves, obtain synergies in a common regulating power market and better market performance. The decision to build the Storebælt HVDC was made in December 2005 and it is based on the feasibility study carried out in 2005. The submarine power cable across the Great Belt was laid in July 2009 by a submarine contractor JD-Contractor A/S using the cable-laying barge C/B Henry P. Lading. The interconnection was commissioned in July 2010 and started commercial operations in August 2010. It was inaugurated on 7 September 2010. In the first months of operation, the connection has transferred power from West to East near full capacity.
Energinet.dk estimates that the connection will save consumers in East Denmark between 150 and 200 million kroner per year, while West Denmark will retain normal prices due to the strong connections with Germany and Norway.
The Power Link has reduced the price variability in both East and West Denmark, and reduced the price in fossil fuel East Denmark. The cable's effect on price change in West Denmark is disputed due to the strong connections with Germany and Norway.
A researcher from Aalborg University claims that the reduced price variability has reduced the incentive for Smart Grids, and proposes that the bottleneck income is diverted from investments in physical grid to Smart Grid.
In 2012, Energinet concluded that a second power cable would not be feasible.
Technical description.
The Storebælt HVDC is a 600 MW Line Commutated Converter (LCC) HVDC at a voltage of 400 kV. It consists of the Fraugde converter station on Funen connected to an existing 400 kV substation and the new Herslev converter station on Zealand connected to an existing 400 kV overhead line. The converter stations are supplied by Siemens Power Transmission and Distribution. The interconnector includes long sea cable, long land cable on Funen and long land cable on Zealand.
Operator.
The Storebælt HVDC is ordered and operated by the Danish transmission system operator Energinet.dk.

</doc>
<doc id="21451567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451567" title="Anthony Redmon">
Anthony Redmon

Anthony Redmon (born April 9, 1971 in Brewton, Alabama) is a former American football guard in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth round of the 1994 NFL Draft. He played college football at Auburn.
Redmon also played for the Carolina Panthers, and Atlanta Falcons.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Redmon was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth round of the 1994 NFL Draft. He played for the team until 1997, starting 46 of 49 games at right guard.
Carolina Panthers.
Before the 1998 season Redmon signed with Carolina Panthers. In his two years with the team he started 19 of 29 games at right guard.
Atlanta Falcons.
Redmon signed with the Atlanta Falcons before the 2000 season. In his only year with the team he started 4 of 4 games at right guard.

</doc>
<doc id="21451577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451577" title="Tim Crane">
Tim Crane

Timothy Martin "Tim" Crane (born 1962) is a philosopher who works mostly on the philosophy of mind and metaphysics. His contributions to philosophy include a defense of a non-physicalist account of the mind; a defense of the thesis that experience has non-conceptual content; and a defense of the thesis that intentionality is the mark of the mental.
Crane obtained his BA from Durham University, his MA from the University of York and his PhD in 1989 from the University of Cambridge, where he studied with Jeremy Butterfield and Hugh Mellor. From 1990 to 2009, he taught at University College London, first as a lecturer, then as a reader, as a professor, and as head of department. He was director of the Institute of Philosophy in London between 2005 and 2008. From September 2009, he is appointed as Knightbridge Professor of Philosophy in Cambridge.
He is the brother of composer Laurence Crane.
Books.
Authored books
Edited books

</doc>
<doc id="21451580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451580" title="Brachyhyops">
Brachyhyops

"Brachyhyops" is an extinct genus of entelodont artiodactyl mammal that lived during the Eocene Epoch of western North America and southeastern Asia (including Mongolia, China, and Kazakhstan). The first fossil remains of "Brachyhyops" are recorded from the late Eocene deposits of Beaver Divide in central Wyoming and discovered by paleontology crews from the Carnegie Museum of Natural History during the early 20th century. The type species, "Brachyhyops wyomingensis", is based on a single skull and was named by E.H. Colbert in 1937, but was not officially described until 1938. During the latter half of the 20th century, additional specimens from North America have been recorded from Saskatchewan and as far south as Texas, indicating that "Brachyhyops" had a broad distribution and was well-dispersed throughout western North America.
More recent discoveries from Eocene deposits in Mongolia lead to the recognition of a second species of "Brachyhyops", "B trofimovi". It is notable that the oldest specimens of "Brachyhyops" are middle Eocene in age and have been recorded exclusively from southern Asia, whereas specimens from the late Eocene only occur in the northern part of the continent. This implies that the genus "Brachyhyops" most likely originated in southern Asia, migrated north and eventually dispersed into western North America.
Discovery.
In 1934, crew members of the Carnegie Museum paleontological expedition discovered the holotype of "Brachyhyops wyomingensis" (CM 12048) from the uppermost beds of the Eocene White River Formation, in a member known as the Big Sand Draw Sandstone Lentil, at Beaver Divide, Wyoming. The specimen consists of a single, exceptionally well preserved, but severely distorted, isolated skull with no mandibles or post cranial material. Since its initial discovery, several other partial specimens of "Brachyhyops" have been recorded within North America and Asia. Currently, four species of "Brachyhyops" have been recognized; two from Asia and two within North America, and include "Brachyhyops trofimovi" from Mongolia, "B. neimongoliensis" from northern China, "B. viensis" from Saskatchewan, Canada; Wyoming, and New Mexico, USA, and lastly, "B. wyomingensis" from Wyoming, Utah, and Texas, USA.
Description.
Holotype (CM 12048) of "Brachyhyops wyomingensis" was diagnosed by Edwin H. Colbert in 1938 as a medium sized skull with a relatively short snout and a length that is comparable to the skull of a modern peccary. The portion of the skull behind the eye socket is greater compared to the portion of the skull in front of the eye socket due to the short size of the snout. The dentition is I3(?)-C1-P4-M3, indicating in the upper jaw the number of incisors, canines, premolars, and molars respecti vely. Colbert compared "B. wyomingensis" to "Helohyus", "Chaeropotamus", "Achaenodon", and "Parahyus" based on tooth shape. No mandibles were preserved with the holotype specimen and therefore dentition of the lower jaws could not be determined. The overall width of the skull is broad and having widely separated parietal crests. In addition, the zygomatic arches are deepened and expanded below and behind the eye socket, contributing to the wide skull shape, which is very similar to other entelodonts. The rear portion of eye socket is closed and situated directly above the last two molars. Articulation surfaces for the lower jaws; the glenoids, are broad, shallow, and situated around the occlusal line of the upper cheek teeth. Both paroccipital processes are short and parietals are weakly developed. The basicranium, or occiput, is considered basal.
Classification and Evolution.
"Brachyhyops" is an artiodactyl which has a poorly resolved evolutionary status that continues to be subject of revision. Colbert initially classified "Brachyhyops" strictly within the bunodontids based on its bunodont-like tooth shape. More recent studies revised the evolutionary relationship of "Brachyhyops" and it has now been recognized as a very basal entelodontid that might represent the origin of the clade Entelodontidae, which also includes members such as the Oligocene "Archaeotherium" and Miocene "Daeodon".
Taxonomy.
"Brachyhyops" was named by Colbert (1937) said to be 1938. The type species is "B. wyomingensis." It was assigned to "Artiodactyla" by Colbert (1937); assigned to Suina by Effinger (1998), and was assigned to "Entelodontidae" by Carroll (1988).
Merger with "Eoentelodon".
"Eoentelodon" was synonymized subjectively with "Brachyhyops" by Lucas and Emry (2004) as "Brachyhyops yunnanensis." However, in 2007, I. Vislobokova determined that "Eoentelodon" was not only distinct from "Brachyhyops", but more closely related to "Proentelodon", another primitive entelodont found in slightly older Middle Eocene strata of Mongolia, and placed "Eoentelodon" and "Proentelodon" in their own subfamily, Proentelodontinae.
Fossil distribution.
Fossils have been uncovered from Texas to Uintah County, Utah to Saskatchewan, Canada as well as Jiangsu, China.
Species.
"B. viensis, B. wyomingensis (syn. "Dyscritochoerus lapointensis"), B. neimongoliensis, B. trofimovi"
Paleobiogeography.
Asian distribution.
The oldest fossil material that is assigned to "Brachyhyops" is early to upper Eocene in age, and recorded from six Asian localities, predominantly Mongolia, China, with the lone exception of a single location in Kazakhstan. Currently, two localities in southern Asia yield the oldest "Brachyhyops" material known. The first locality is situated in the northwestern Yunnan of southern China, and specimens of "Brachyhyops" sp. are recorded from the early middle, or late middle Eocene Xiangshan Formation. . . --> No "Brachyhyops" specimens from the lower to middle Eocene been recorded from northern Asia; instead, the four remaining localities are all younger (late Eocene) in age and include the southeastern Mongolian taxa "B. trofimovi" from the Ergilin Dzo Formation at the Khoer Dzan locality and "Brachyhyops?" sp. from the Ergilin Dzo Formation at the Ergilin Dzo locality. A single taxon, "B. neimongolensis", is recorded from the upper Eocene Ulan Gochu Formation of northern China. Lastly, material assigned to ‘"Eoentelodon" sp.’ (revised as "Brachyhyops" sp. by Tsubamoto et al.) is recorded from the lower Aksyir ‘svita’ in eastern Kazakhstan, which was later correlated to the late Eocene Ergilian Asian Land Mammal ‘age’ (ALMA) by Emry et al. and Lucas et al.
North American distribution.
"Brachyhyops" is the oldest entelodont from North America and is recorded exclusively from late Eocene (late Duchesnean – early Chadronian) age deposits. Their geographic range is restricted to western North America and spans from Saskachewan, Canada to as far south as Big Bend, Texas, USA. A total of nine localities have yielded "Brachyhyops" material. The Cypress Hills Formation in Saskatchewan, Canada, suggests an early Chadronian age, approximately 37 Ma, and represents the type locality for "Brachyhyops viensis" Russell, as well as the northernmost area in which "Brachyhyops" specimens have been recorded. Apparently an undocumented "Brachyhyops" specimen has been recorded from the late Eocene White River Formation of Montana, however, the exact museum location where this specimen is housed remains unknown. Three localities in Wyoming yielded "Brachyhyops" material and these include a partial skull roof and maxilla from the lower White River Formation (late Eocene) of the Flagstaff Rim, Wyoming. Based on size and tooth shape, these specimens have been assigned to "B. viensis". The next locality in Wyoming is the type locality for "B. wyomingensis" which was recorded from the Big Sand Draw Lentil of the White River Formation at Beaver Divide, and comprises a single skull without mandibles. The third locality yielded cranial fragments that are assigned to "B. viensis" and were recorded from the lower strata of the White River Formation at Canyon Creek, approximately 50 km east of Beaver Divide. Additional "Brachyhyops wyomingensis" material was recorded from a single location in northeastern Utah, namely the Lapoint Member of the Duchesne River Formation, which has an age of approximately 39.74 ± 0.07 Ma based on radioisotopic dates from nearby volcanic ashes. Two localities within New Mexico yielded "Brachyhyops" material and include a single molar (m1) from the lower jaw that was assigned to "B. viensis" and recorded within the Duchesnean interval of the Galisteo Formation in north central New Mexico, and is of late Duchesnean (38 Ma) age. An additional specimen was recorded from the upper Baca Formation at Mariano Mesa in west central New Mexico and is also situated within the Duchesnean. This specimen comprises a single premolar and four molars (p3 – m4) from a single right lower jaw and are assigned to "B. wyomingensis" based on the shape and dimensions of the teeth. The final locality within North America is located in Trans-Pecos, Texas, USA, and contains well documented records of "Brachyhyops wyomingensis" from the late Duchesnean Porvenir local fauna which is situated above a volcanic ash that is radioisotopically dated to 37.8 ± 0.15 Ma.
 The fact that there is no stratigraphic overlap between northern and southern Asian "Brachyhyops" specimens, suggests that "Brachyhyops" originated in southern Asia during the early and late middle Eocene and continuously dispersed into northern Asia. Long term exposure of the Beringian land bridge during the late Eocene promoted continuous intercontinental dispersal from Asia into North America, resulting in further dispersal and diversification of "Brachyhyops" across western North America during the late Eocene.
Diet.
The dentition of "Brachyhyops" is heterodont, which forms a complex set of different teeth including incisors, large canines, premolars, and molars, which are used to capture and process a wide variety of food items including both meat and vegetation. Despite their heterodont tooth condition, there has been a considerable amount of debate regarding the diet of "Brachyhyops" and various other entelodontids with similar dentition, such as "Archaeotherium" and "Daeodon". Researchers have proposed different dietary hypotheses based on the heterodont dentition and shape of the teeth, interpreting entelodontids as rooting, pig-like omnivores, browsers or even active predators, based on wear grooves on their dentition. By studying well-preserved fossils, Joeckel re-evaluated these interpretations and performed several modeled analyses regarding the wear patterns on the dentition and structure of the skull (in particular the growth series and muscle reconstruction of the skull) and concluded an omnivorous diet for "Archeaotherium", and most likely "Brachyhyops", in which scavenging and active hunting appears to have played a possible role.
Paleoecology.
The habitat in which "Brachyhyops" occurred appears to be savannah-woodland or open grassland and lived alongside a diversity of other herbivores and carnivores in Eocene Asia and western North America.

</doc>
<doc id="21451585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451585" title="Robert DeLeo (politician)">
Robert DeLeo (politician)

Robert A. DeLeo (born March 27, 1950 in Winthrop, Massachusetts) is an American politician from the state of Massachusetts. Since 2009 he has been Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, succeeding Salvatore DiMasi, who resigned due to allegations of an ethics violation.
DeLeo represents the "Nineteenth Suffolk" district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and before becoming House Speaker, was the chairperson of the House Ways and Means Committee. The Nineteenth Suffolk district includes Winthrop and Revere.
In addition to serving as a state representative, DeLeo served as a Winthrop town meeting member from 1977 to 2005 and was a member of the town's board of selectman from 1978 to 1988.
Early life and education.
DeLeo resides in the same house in which he grew up. When he was young, his father, Al, was in charge of a restaurant at Suffolk Downs. Al was often seen around the community including at the Winthrop Golf Club, but "DeLeo never took up the game". DeLeo attended solely Boston area schools, graduating from the Boston Latin School, attaining a Bachelor of Arts degree from Northeastern University and a Juris Doctor from Suffolk University Law School.
Massachusetts House of Representatives.
During his time in the Massachusetts House of Representatives between 1990 and 2005, he was known as "an amiable, rank-and-file lawmaker who focused on constituent issues such as toll hikes, the expansion of Logan Airport, and rates charged by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority".
In 2005, Speaker Salvatore DiMasi appointed DeLeo as chairman of the House Committee on Ways and Means. According to the "Globe", "He became so identified with handing out perks to members that earmarks became known as DeLeo Dollars".
Prior to becoming the Speaker of the House, DeLeo had created a reputation for himself as a "consensus-builder", someone who strived to prevent "major flareups while crafting the budget". He does not ideologically identify himself with a large number of issues or legislation, but "his views appear more conservative" than the former speaker, DiMasi. Unlike DiMasi, who was strongly in favor of defending gay marriage rights, DeLeo was originally against same-sex marriage. In 2007 DeLeo may have shown a change in this belief when he voted against the amendment that would have defined marriage as the union of one man and one woman. Another conservative opinion that DeLeo has is against the "right of women to have an abortion, except in cases of rape, incest, or to save a mother's life".
In April 2011, DeLeo led a vote to remove the health-care related collective bargaining rights of Massachusetts police officers, firefighters, teachers, and other municipal employees. The vote was conducted at 11:30pm in order to avoid protesters. It passed with 111 in favor and 42 opposed.
Casino gambling.
DeLeo reintroduced the gambling debate to the House of Representatives in his first months as speaker. Gambling legislation introduced under DiMasi had failed. In the beginning of February 2009, DeLeo met with Governor Deval Patrick to discuss policy plans as part of the leadership meetings, where this issue of slot machines and resort casinos first presented itself under DeLeo's leadership. The casino debate was initially supported by the general public; the State House News Service poll at the time showed 57% support for reintroducing the gambling debate.
Towards the end of 2009, DeLeo began to publicly support casinos as a way to increase revenues, and minimize the effects of the economic downturn. DeLeo stated in an interview with "The Boston Globe", "I'm hoping this will not just be a gaming bill, but also an economic development one". By December 2009, DeLeo had shown favor to putting slot machines in the state's four racetracks; Patrick, however, had shown opposition along with Senate President Therese Murray who stated that her preference was resort casinos. DeLeo stated that the slot machines were a "natural progression" to casinos, and they would have the advantage of being installed quickly. The conflict between DeLeo and Patrick was further exacerbated by the fact that against Patrick's wishes the debate had been postponed until 2010. The gambling debate became complicated further by the economic recession which had taken its toll on the casino industry. 
On March 4, 2010, DeLeo announced his blueprint for expanded gambling to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce. His plan included two resort casinos and 3,000 slot machines at the state's four racetracks. DeLeo added that the legislation would add jobs and part of the revenue would be put aside for capital investments for Massachusetts businesses. While Patrick had not stated that he would veto legislation which included slots at racetracks, he had made it clear that he was not in favor of adding slots to the gaming debate.
As the debate continued tensions between Patrick and DeLeo grew over the issue of slots in the racetracks, by July 2010 Patrick had called the addition of slots "a no bid contract" that would give a few developers all of the gaming contracts for slots. DeLeo retorted that his plan for expanded gaming was Massachusetts' best way to deal with the revenue shortfalls, and lack of jobs. At this point, a number of groups opposed to the expanded gaming bill had gained a voice on the state level and the whole process began to lose steam. 
Over the next few months the debate shrank from two casinos and four tracks to two casinos and one track at which point Patrick was still unwilling to compromise. By August, DeLeo had entrenched himself into the position of continuing to push for the bill while simultaneously rejecting any additional compromises. Patrick had rejected the measure, and with the end of the full session and the majority of the Legislature on summer break it became apparent that the bill would not survive.
Personal life.
He is the father of two children, Robbie and Rachele.

</doc>
<doc id="21451589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451589" title="Eoentelodon">
Eoentelodon

Eoentelodon is a small, primitive entelodont, assigned as such by Carroll (1998), from the Middle Eocene of China. It was a very small entelodont, about the size of a modern pig, and was slightly smaller than its North American counterpart, "Brachyhyops".
"Eoentelodon" was synonymized subjectively with "Brachyhyops" by Lucas and Emry (2004). However, in 2007, I. Vislobokova determined that "Eoentelodon" was not only distinct from "Brachyhyops", but more closely related to "Proentelodon", another primitive entelodont found in slightly older Middle Eocene strata of Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="21451590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451590" title="Juno Awards of 2010">
Juno Awards of 2010

The Juno Awards of 2010 honoured music industry achievements in Canada for the latter part of 2008 and for most of 2009. These ceremonies were in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada during the weekend ending 18 April 2010. Primary ceremonies were held at the Mile One Centre and at an outdoor venue on George Street.
April Wine was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame, Bryan Adams received the Allan Waters Humanitarian Award for his part in numerous charitable concerts and campaigns during his career. Ross Reynolds, an original board member of the Canadian Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences and former head of Universal Music Canada received the Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award.
CARAS, the association responsible for the awards, awarded the 2010 ceremonies to the Newfoundland and Labrador capital based on a bid which included government support commitments totalling $1.5 million (), half funded by the province, $250,000 from the St. John's municipal government and the remainder from the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency.
Events.
Preliminary award-related events, known as Juno Week, began on 12 April 2010 with a launch event at the Confederation Building. Activities during this time included concerts such as JunoFest and the Juno Cup charity hockey game.
On 17 April, the Juno Fan Fare event featured artist interviews, prizes and opportunities for the public to meet musicians. However, some artists such as Alexisonfire were unable to attend when fog conditions that weekend delayed air travel into St. John's. The fog delays also cancelled some concerts the previous evening, and disrupted rehearsals for the main Sunday broadcast.
Also on that Saturday, winners in 32 Juno categories were announced at a special gala dinner at the St. John's Convention Centre. On the following day, prior to the main awards broadcast, a Songwriters' Circle concert was hosted by Dallas Green then broadcast on CBC Radio 2.
Primary ceremony.
The primary awards ceremony on 18 April 2010 was telecast by CTV from Mile One Centre and from an outdoor venue on George Street, featuring multiple hosts and presenters.
Classified began the proceedings with "Oh... Canada" from the George Street venue. Bryan Adams could not attend in person due to the air travel disruption from the Icelandic ash cloud incident; he therefore received his Allan Waters Humanitarian Award via satellite.
Other artists performing at the ceremonies broadcast were Justin Bieber, Billy Talent, Blue Rodeo, Michael Bublé, Drake, Great Lake Swimmers, K'naan, Metric and Johnny Reid.
Award presenters and personalities included:
The following seven categories were awarded during the main broadcast:
Rebroadcasts of the Juno Awards telecast were scheduled for A, Bravo!, MuchMore, Star! in late April.
Changes to nomination categories for 2010.
Changes were made to the following award categories for this year's nominations:
Nominees and winners.
Nominees in the following categories were announced on 3 March 2010. Michael Bublé received the most nominations of any artist this year, represented in six categories and winning four of those (Album of the Year, Fan Choice Award, Pop Album of the Year and Single of the Year). Billy Talent, Drake and Johnny Reid each received four nominations. Drake, who had yet to release a full album, won in two categories (New Artist of the Year and Rap Recording of the Year). K'Naan also won two of his nominations (Artist of the Year and Songwriter of the Year).
Winners of most categories were announced on 17 April at a gala dinner.
Artist of the Year.
Winner: K'Naan
Other Nominees:
Group of the Year.
Winner: Metric
Other nominees:
New Artist of the Year.
Winner: Drake
Other nominees:
New Group of the Year.
Winner: Arkells
Other Nominees:
Jack Richardson Producer of the Year.
Winner: Bob Rock, "Haven't Met You Yet" and "Baby (You've Got What It Takes)" (Michael Bublé, "Crazy Love")
Other Nominees:
Recording Engineer of the Year.
Winner: Dan Brodbeck, "Apple Of My Eye" and "Be Careful" (Dolores O’Riordan, "No Baggage")
Other Nominees:
Songwriter of the Year.
Winner: K'naan - "Wavin' Flag" (written with B. Mars, P. Lawrence and J. Daval), "Take A Minute", "If Rap Gets Jealous" (written with Gerald Eaton and Brian West) (K'naan, "Troubadour")
Other nominees:
Fan Choice Award.
Winner: Michael Bublé
Other nominees:
Nominated albums.
Album of the Year.
Winner: "Crazy Love" - Michael Bublé
Other nominees:
Aboriginal Recording of the Year.
Winner: "We Are" - Digging Roots
Other Nominees:
Adult Alternative Album of the Year.
Winner: "Three" - Joel Plaskett
Other Nominees:
Alternative Album of the Year.
Winner: "Fantasies" - Metric
Other Nominees:
Blues Album of the Year.
Winner: "The Corktown Sessions" - Jack de Keyzer
Other Nominees:
Recording Package of the Year.
Winner: Martin Bernard, Stéphane Cocke, Thomas Csano: "Beats on Canvas", Beats on Canvas
Other Nominees:
Children's Album of the Year.
Winner: "Love My New Shirt" - Norman Foote
Other Nominees:
Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album of the Year.
Winner: "Where's Our Revolution" - Matt Brouwer
Other Nominees:
Classical Album of the Year (large ensemble).
Winner: "" - Alain Lefèvre & London Mozart Players
Other Nominees:
Classical Album of the Year (solo or chamber ensemble).
Winner: "" - Joel Quarrington
Other Nominees:
Classical Album of the Year (vocal or choral performance).
Winner: "Adrianne Pieczonka sings Puccini" - Adrianne Pieczonka
Other Nominees:
Francophone Album of the Year.
Winner: "Les sentinelles dorment" - Andrea Lindsay
Other Nominees:
Instrumental Album of the Year.
Winner: "As Seen Through Windows" - Bell Orchestre
Other Nominees:
International Album of the Year.
Winner: "Only By The Night" - Kings of Leon
Other Nominees:
Contemporary Jazz Album of the Year.
Winner: "The Happiness Project" - Charles Spearin
Other Nominees:
Traditional Jazz Album of the Year.
Winner: "It's About Time" - Terry Clarke
Other Nominees:
Vocal Jazz Album of the Year.
Winner: "Ranee Lee Lives Upstairs" - Ranee Lee
Other Nominees:
Pop Album of the Year.
Winner: "Crazy Love" - Michael Bublé
Other Nominees:
Rock Album of the Year.
Winner: "Billy Talent III" - Billy Talent
Other Nominees:
Roots and Traditional Album of the Year (Solo).
Winner: "Hunter, Hunter", Amelia Curran
Other Nominees:
Roots and Traditional Album of the Year (Group).
Winner: "The Good Lovelies", The Good Lovelies
Other Nominees:
World Music Album of the Year.
Winner: "Comfortably Mine", Dominic Mancuso
Other Nominees:
Nominated releases.
Single of the Year.
Winner: "Haven't Met You Yet" - Michael Bublé
Other Nominees:
Classical Composition of the Year.
Winner: "Lament In The Trampled Garden", Marjan Mozetich (album, "Lament in the Trampled Garden")
Other Nominees:
Country Album of the Year.
Winner: "Dance With Me", Johnny Reid
Other Nominees:
Dance Recording of the Year.
Winner: "For Lack of a Better Name", Deadmau5
Other Nominees:
Music DVD of the Year.
Winner: "" (Iron Maiden), Stefan Demetriou, Sam Dunn, Scott McFadyen, Rod Smallwood, Andy Taylor
Other Nominees:
R&B/Soul Recording of the Year.
Winner: "Lonesome Highway", Jacksoul
Other Nominees:
Rap Recording of the Year.
Winner: "So Far Gone", Drake
Other nominees:
Reggae Recording of the Year.
Winner: "Gonna Be Alright", Dubmatix with Prince Blanco
Other Nominees:
Video of the Year.
Winner: "Little Bit of Red" - Serena Ryder
Other Nominees:
Compilation album.
A compilation album featuring selected Juno nominees was released on 30 March 2010 by Sony Music Entertainment Canada. Sales of the album support the CARAS music education charity MusiCounts. The artists and track listing is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21451591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451591" title="Paraentelodon">
Paraentelodon

Paraentelodon is an extinct entelodont from the Late Oligocene of Eurasia.
It was very similar in size and form to the giant entelodont, "Daeodon", of early Miocene North America. Some researchers suggest that it was either ancestral to, or shared an ancestor with "Daeodon". As with other entelodonts, it was an omnivore that had large teeth that enabled it to crush bone and dig for tubers. Like its North American cousins. It faced competition from other predators like Hyaenodon.
Taxonomy.
"Paraentelodon" was named by Gabunia (1964). It was assigned to Entelodontidae by Carroll (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="21451594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451594" title="Johannes Viljoen">
Johannes Viljoen

Johannes Hendrikus Viljoen (11 January 1904 – 3 September 1976) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hanover and died in Centurion.
In 1928 he finished 24th the triple jump event and 38th in the long jump competition. In the 110 metre hurdles contest he was eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 100 metres event he was eliminated in the quarter-finals. He also participated in the decathlon competition but was eliminated after seven events.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the gold medal in the high jump contest and the bronze medal in the long jump competition. In the 120 yards hurdles event he finished fourth. He also participated in the 220 yards, in the 440 yards hurdles, and in the hammer throw contests. Four years later at the 1934 British Empire Games he participated in the final of the 120 yards hurdles competition but did not finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21451596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451596" title="Mbeli Bai">
Mbeli Bai

Mbeli Bai is a 13 hectare swampy forest clearing in the Nouabalé-Ndoki National Park in the Republic of Congo with minimum levels of disturbance, where “bai’s” like this are believed to offer important nutritional benefits to many species.
Since the end of the 1990s the Wildlife Conservation Society has worked in the north of the Republic of Congo and in 1993 together with the Ministry of Forest Economy and Environment has created the Nouabalé-Ndoki National Park (4,200 km²). The Nouabalé-Ndoki National Park with its low levels of disturbance represents one of the last remaining intact forest blocs (no history of logging) in the Congo Basin and an important stronghold for western gorillas, forest elephants and other endangered forest mammals.
Researchers have been continuously monitoring the mammals visiting Mbeli Bai since February 1995 with the aim to increase our understanding of the biology of western gorillas and other large mammals that are otherwise difficult to study in the dense rain forest. Since 1995 more than 330 gorillas have been monitored (actual population ~130 gorillas) spanning more than 1750 gorilla years of around 55 gorilla units (groups and solitary silverbacks). The result of this monitoring of individual identifiable animals has provided major and unique insights into the social organization and behavior of this elusive species including many spectacular behavioral observations such as twin births, silverback splash displays and the first observation of tool use in free-ranging gorillas findings that have attracted significant international media attention.

</doc>
<doc id="21451597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451597" title="Cypretherium">
Cypretherium

Cypretherium coarctatum is an extinct entelodont from the Chadronian strata of the Cypress Hills Formation in Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="21451606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451606" title="Heavy Metal in Baghdad">
Heavy Metal in Baghdad

Heavy Metal in Baghdad is a 2007 rockumentary film following filmmakers Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi as they track down the Iraqi heavy metal band Acrassicauda amidst the Iraq War.
Synopsis.
In 2003, the Iraqi heavy-metal band Acrassicauda were the subject of a "Vice" magazine article. With the magazine's help, they were able to stage a sell-out show in 2005 despite the recent ousting of Saddam Hussein. Filmmakers from Vice returned to Iraq in 2006 to track down the band. Upon their return they discovered the multitude of death and destruction, including rehearsing studios destroyed by bombs.
Candid interviews with the band members allows an insight into a sub section of society steeped in American pop culture and the hostilities this attracts.
Production.
The film was shot over three years. Filming locations included Baghdad and Erbil in Iraq, Beirut, Lebanon and Damascus, Syria. The film was distributed by VBS.tv, part of the "Vice" media conglomerate. During the filming it was revealed that the Syrian government did not intend to extend the visas of the band to stay in Syria; as a result, the filmmakers campaigned to raise funds to relocate the band in a safer country, rather than return to Iraq. In 2009, the band were resettled in the United States as refugees.
Release.
The film premiered at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival on 8 September 2007. This was followed by a 10 February screening at the Berlin International Film Festival. On 13 March 2008, it was screened at Greece's Thessaloniki Documentary Festival.
It received an official theatrical release in the United States on 23 May 2008 and a limited theatrical release in the United Kingdom on 12 September 2008.
The film has been screened at several other international film festivals, including Mexico's Expresión en Corto International Film Festival on 24 July 2008. This was followed by a 21 September 2008 screening at Finland's Helsinki International Film Festival. Further European festival screenings in 2008 took place on 25 September at Iceland's Reykjavík International Film Festival, 10 October screening at Belgium's Ghent International Film Festival and Poland's Warsaw International Filmfest on 10 October also.
DVD.
The film was released on DVD in the United States on 10 June. The collector's edition includes over 90 minutes of bonus material. This includes a 45-minute featurette, seven additional and deleted scenes (live performances and interviews), an 8-page booklet including the original "Vice" magazine article "No War For Heavy Metal" as well as a teaser trailer.
Book.
A book accompanying the film was released in 2009, titled "Heavy Metal in Baghdad - The Story of Acrassicauda". The book was edited by Andy Capper, editor of "Vice" magazine in the UK and Europe. The book offers an oral history of the band's journey, made up of extended interviews with key members.
Reception.
The film was generally well received by critics. It has a tomatometer rating of 81% on film-rating site Rotten Tomatoes.
The "New York Times" praised the film as "An intrepid, unlikely and altogether splendid feat of D.I.Y. reportage...Both a stirring testament to the plight of cultural expression in Baghdad and a striking report on the refugee scene in Syria, this rock-doc like no other electrifies its genre and redefines headbanging as an act of hard-core courage."
The "Los Angeles Times" described the film as "More than just another Iraq-doc, 'Heavy Metal' is a surprisingly up-close look at the toll of the war on young people, and how they still have dreams and still want to jam, party and get down. If 'Once' was about the romance of creativity, "Heavy Metal in Baghdad" is about the total, unrelenting obsession. They have no choice. They must rock."
Reporting on film premiering at the 2007 TIFF, "Rolling Stone" described the film as "the most powerful music film" of the festival.
The film also garnered favourable reactions from leading British publications such as "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Guardian". The former praised the film in that it "brings home the cultural as well as the human violence meted out to that gorgeous capital more powerfully than many more exalted documentaries...Though they struggle to build a fan base, and end up seeking refuge in Syria, their dreams persist, still blazing fiercely at the close of this chastening and inspiring film." "The Guardian" described the film as "fascinating".

</doc>
<doc id="21451615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451615" title="1993–94 Aston Villa F.C. season">
1993–94 Aston Villa F.C. season

The 1993–94 season was Aston Villa's 119th professional season; their 83rd season in the top-flight and their 6th consecutive Premier League season in the top flight of English football, the Premier League.
Season summary.
Aston Villa were never anywhere near the title race that they had looked likely to win for much of the previous season, as they finished 10th in the table a year after coming second. But their compensation for this shortcoming was victory in the League Cup final against Manchester United - a 3-1 scoreline ending the opposition's hope of becoming the first English team to win all three major domestic trophies in the same season. The likes of Dean Saunders and Paul McGrath were as consistent and reliable as ever, though a few older players such as Garry Parker, Kevin Richardson and Shaun Teale were starting to look past their best.
The pre-season signing of 30-year-old midfielder Andy Townsend from Chelsea was one of the best pieces of business done so far by manager Ron Atkinson, whereas the capture of Guy Whittingham from Portsmouth proved to be a disappointment - the striker never came anywhere near matching the tally of 47 goals he had scored done for the south coast club a season earlier, and he was loaned out to Wolverhampton to gain more first-team chances. Gordon Cowans rejoined the club for his third spell but left the club again mid season.
Villa fans were given something to look forward to with the emergence of promising young players like Ugo Ehiogu, Graham Fenton and Mark Bosnich.
Final league table.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
1 Arsenal qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as defending champions
2 Aston Villa qualified for the UEFA Cup as League Cup winners
3 Chelsea qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as FA Cup runners-up
P = Games Played; W = Games Won; D = Games Drawn; L = Games Lost; F = Goals For; A = Goals Against; Pts = Points
Results.
"Aston Villa's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="21451644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451644" title="Cross for Military Valour">
Cross for Military Valour

The Cross for Military Valour () is a military decoration of France. It recognizes an individual bestowed a Mention in Dispatches earned in theaters of operations which are not subject to the award of the War Cross for foreign operational theaters. The Cross for Military Valour is usually awarded for security or peacekeeping operations. 
It was established in 1956 to reward soldiers, sailors, and airmen serving in Algeria who had committed acts of valor or gallantry in combat. 
Algeria was a department of France at the time, so it was not considered a declared war but peacekeeping operations on French soil. 
Therefore, the War Cross for foreign operational theaters, which had been awarded for valourous service in Indochina, was not considered appropriate. 
On April 11, 1956 Decree n° 56-371 authorized the creation of the "Médaille de la Valeur Militaire" and described its various grades of distinction akin the War Cross (denoted by metal stars and palms on the ribbon). 
It was reauthorized as a cross-shaped decoration, to put it on the same level as the "Croix de guerre", by Decree n° 56-1048 on October 12, 1956. 
On December 2, 2005 Decree n° 2005-1493 extended its issue to civilian employees of the Ministry of Defense on service outside France or in exterior theaters of operation. 
On March 13, 2006 Instruction n° 3900/DEF/CAB/SDBC/DECO/A expanded its issue to military or civilian personnel who committed a valourous act or performed valourous service while involved in VIP protection, hostage rescue, intelligence gathering, or intelligence exploitation details outside France or in exterior theaters of operation. It also stated that only a Général d'armée (General of the Army), or the "Chef d'état-major des Armées" (Army Chief of Staff) could grant the Cross with Star decoration, but the Cross with Palm decoration was the purview of the Minister of Defense. 
On November 9, 2011 Decree n° 2011-1466 authorized the award of the cross to members of allied civilian government or military forces who committed an act of valour or performed valourous service while on joint operations with French forces. 
Grades of distinction.
The medal is awarded for valour, at different levels. The distinctions are the same as the "Croix de Guerre". 
Expansion.
Before 2006, the cross was only awarded by the suggestion of Ground Forces officers. Only members of the Ground Forces, or members of the other services who were working directly alongside or with them, were eligible. After the creation of Instruction n° 3900/DEF/CAB/SDBC/DECO/A, award of the cross could be suggested by commissioned officers of the Sea Forces, Air Forces, and National Gendarmerie. It was also extended to include valourous acts or service committed by personnel in the Sea Forces, Air Forces, and National Gendarmerie while on combat operations. 
Award description.
Medal: suspended from a ribbon is a 36 mm bronze cross, with the an effigy of the Republic crowned with a wreath, with the edge embossed: "REPUBLIQUE FRANCAISE". On the reverse is the inscription: ""Croix de la Valeur militaire"."
Ribbon: a red bar with three vertical white bands: a centered 7 mm band, with a smaller 2 mm band on each end.
Recognised service for award.
It was originally awarded for valourous service in Algeria from October 31, 1954 to the final withdrawal of all French forces in 1967. A Decision dated April 30, 1956 extended its award to elsewhere in North Africa in the Protectorates of Tunisia (from June 1, 1953 to 1956) and Morocco (from January 1, 1953 to 1956). 
A Decision of February 13, 1957 granted its award for service in Mauritania. The period of eligibility was originally beginning from January 10, 1957 and ending at an unspecified time. This was later set by another Decision to have eligibility end when independence was granted to Mauritania in November 1960).
It has since been granted for service in 
Recently it has been awarded for service in Libya (from February 22, 2011 to present).

</doc>
<doc id="21451658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451658" title="Siegfried II of Westerburg">
Siegfried II of Westerburg

Siegfried (or Sigfrid) II of Westerburg (before 1260 – 7 April 1297 in Bonn) was Archbishop of Cologne from 1275 to 1297.
Siegfried was the second son of Siegfried IV, Count of Runkel in Westerburg (died 1266). His older brother was Henry ("Heinrich") I of Westerburg (who would be killed at the Battle of Worringen in 1288).
Siegfried was consecrated Archbishop of Cologne in March 1275 in Lyon. The city of Cologne since 1268 had been under excommunication, and was therefore deemed an unsuitable place for consecration. In July 1275, as the new Archbishop of Cologne, Siegfried lifted the city’s excommunication and signed a friendship treaty with the city. In October 1279 in Pingsheim (now part of Nörvenich), he concluded the Peace of Pingsheim with the Counts of Jülich. On 27 April 1285 he awarded Brühl, situated south of Cologne, town and market rights.
Around 1283, Siegfried took the side of Count Reinoud I of Guelders in the War of the Limburg Succession. In July 1287, he freed the city of Cologne, after receiving a loyalty oath from its citizens, from paying duties to finance his war expenses in the Limburg succession conflict.
His involvement in the Limburg succession dispute led to the Battle of Worringen on 5 June 1288. Siegfried lost the battle, which also involved citizens from Cologne led by Gerhard Overstolzen and from Berg under the leadership of Walter Dodds. Siegfried was taken prisoner by Duke John I of Brabant and delivered over to Count Adolf VIII of Berg. After first spending a night confined in the Monheimer Schelmenturm, he was subsequently brought to Schloss Burg.
Siegfried was released on 6 July 1289 but had fallen ill during the time of his difficult captivity. He earlier had to conclude peace treaties with the victors of Worringen on 19 May 1289. He had to pay reparations of 12,000 marks (about three tons of silver) to the Count of Berg, cede areas (among others, Lünen with all episcopal rights, Westhofen, Brackel, Werl, Menden, Isenberg, and Raffenberg) and the (sub-) Vogtship over the Diocese of Essen to Eberhard II, Count of the Mark (who thereby benefited most from the victory at Worringen), pledge the town of Deutz and some castles, and tear down other castles like Worringen, Zons, and Volmarstein. The Duchy of Limburg was occupied Duke John I of Brabant.
As a consequence of his defeat, on 18 June 1288 he had to recognize in a contract the sovereignty of the city' of Cologne. On 18 January 1290, however, Pope Nicholas IV relieved him of all the promises which he had given to Cologne. On 31 January the Pope even called for the Archbishops of Mainz and Trier to help Siegfried recover the Cologne Archbishopric’s possessions.
After his release, the Elector preferred to make his residence in Bonn. The archbishop's mint in Cologne ceased operations and Siegfried made Bonn his new mint city. As a challenge to Cologne, he chose the name “Verona” for Bonn, and issued his coins with the inscription ""Beata Verona Vince"” (“You, Happy Verona will win"). In 1286 Siegfrid introduced the first town constitution in Bonn. It specified that the distinguished citizens ("oppidani maiores") should choose twelve suitable men, the best the city had to offer, whose decisions would be binding for the whole citizenry.
In the upcoming election of the King of Germany in 1292, Siegfried favored Count Adolf of Nassau, his brother-in-law, to enable the Archbishop to recover from his vast concessions. In the Treaty of Andernach on 27 April 1292, Adolf of Nassau agreed to all of Siegfried’s demands, including the transfer to the Archbishopric of imperial cities like Dortmund and Duisburg, imperial castles and estates, and the Vogtship of Essen. On 5 May 1292, Siegfried saw to the successful election of Adolf of Nassau, and crowned him on 24 June 1292 in Aachen.
Siegfrieds restoration policy, however, was doomed to fail, because of the opposition of the "Coalition of Worringen." He could neither restore the link between his Rhenish and Westphalian possessions, nor re-integrate the city of Cologne into the Diocese. Because of the non-fulfillment of the requirements of the Treaty Of Andernach, the kingdom of Adolf of Nassau then collapsed as well.
Siegfried died on 7 April 1297 in Bonn and was buried in the Bonn Minster.

</doc>
<doc id="21451668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451668" title="Colin Gordon (athlete)">
Colin Gordon (athlete)

Colin Ernest Sutherland Gordon (24 December 1907 – 22 August 1980) was a high jumper from British Guiana (present-day Guyana). He competed for Great Britain at the 1928 Summer Olympics and finished in 17th place. At the 1930 Empire Games he represented British Guiana and won the silver medal.
Gordon worked as a teacher in Canada for a year and in 1931 moved to Geelong Grammar School in Australia. During World War II he served as a Wing Commander with the Royal Australian Air Force. After demobilisation he became Headmaster of St. Peter’s College in Adelaide, Australia, where he worked until his death in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21451673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451673" title="My Love (Lionel Richie song)">
My Love (Lionel Richie song)

"My Love" is the title of a 1983 hit song by the American singer-songwriter Lionel Richie. It was the third single released off Richie's self-titled debut solo album. The song features harmony backing vocals by country music singer Kenny Rogers. It reached the Top 10 on three notable "Billboard" magazine charts in the spring of 1983: on the pop chart, the song peaked at # 5; on the adult contemporary chart, the song spent four weeks at # 1; and on the R&B chart, the song topped out at # 6. "My Love" was not among Richie's more successful singles in the United Kingdom, where it managed # 70 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21451677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451677" title="Irving Place Capital">
Irving Place Capital

Irving Place Capital, formerly known as Bear Stearns Merchant Banking (BSMB), is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries.
The firm's predecessor Bear Stearns Merchant Banking was founded in 1997 by John D. Howard, formerly a co-founder of Vestar Capital Partners. The group completed its separation from Bear Stearns' owner JPMorgan Chase in 2008. 
Irving Place Capital is based in New York City its predecessor had raised approximately $4.4 billion since inception across three Bear Stearns Merchant Banking funds.
Investments.
Since inception, Irving Place Capital and its predecessor, Bear Stearns Merchant Banking has made a number of investments in notable companies in the retail, restaurants, consumer products, healthcare, energy, financial and business services, and industrial sectors. Among the firm's most notable investments are the following (separated by the private equity fund from which the investment was made:
History.
1997 - 2008.
In 1997, John D. Howard was hired by Bear Stearns to launch a new private equity and merchant banking effort for the investment bank. Prior to joining Bear Stearns, Howard had been senior vice president of Wesray Capital Corporation and later co-founded Vestar Capital Partners in 1988. In 1998, Bear Stearns Merchant Banking raised its first fund with $200 million of investor commitments. Bear Stearns had been one of the pioneers of private equity investing in the 1960s and 1970s, when Jerome Kohlberg and later protégés Henry Kravis and George Roberts completed a series of what they described as "bootstrap" investments beginning in 1964-65 before leaving the bank to found Kohlberg Kravis Roberts in 1976.
In 2001, Bear Stearns Merchant Banking completed fundraising for its second fund with $1.5 billion of investor commitments including a $500 million commitment from Bear Stearns. The fundraising effort had begun 18 months earlier in 1999.
Bear Stearns Merchant Banking launched Bear Growth Capital Partners in 2003 to target smaller companies that fell below the investment parameters it had set for its main fund. Bear Growth Capital Partners made its investments from capital provided by Bear Stearns rather than an independent fund or drawing from BSMB's fund. Also in 2003, BSMB provided capital to a joint venture with Rudolph Giuliani's private equity firm, Giuliani Capital Partners to make investments in the security sector.
In 2006, Bear Stearns Merchant Banking raised its third fund with $2.7 billion of investor commitments.
The collapse of Bear Stearns in 2008.
In March 2008, Bear Stearns, BSMB's parent, faced what was repored to be a potential liquidity crisis. Through the intervention of the Federal Reserve and other US Government agencies, Bear Stearns agreed to a sale of the company to JPMorgan Chase on March 24, 2008, which was completed on May 30, 2008. Following the closing of this transaction, Bear Stearns Merchant Banking became a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase. In March 2008, when the meltdown of Bear Stearns began, the firm dropped the Bear Sterns Merchant Banking moniker and began calling itself BSMB to distance itself from the failed investment bank.
In June 2008, it was announced BSMB would spin out of J.P. Morgan. The bank already had its own private equity investment group One Equity Partners, which had been acquired in the 2004 acquisition of Bank One. JPMorgan Chase had already decided to keep the One Equity Partners group over JPMorgan Partners (today CCMP Capital), the legacy private equity investment group that had come from Chase Manhattan Bank in the 2000 merger. was once again designated the exclusive private equity arm for the combined firm. As a result, it was clear that Bear Stearns Merchant Banking was not going to remain within the bank. 
The Bear Stearns Merchant Banking team was one of several private equity groups within Bear Stearns Asset Management that was acquired by JPMorgan Chase. Other groups included:
On November 1, 2008, Bear Stearns Merchant Banking completed a spin out from JPMorgan Chase to become Irving Place Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="21451680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451680" title="Castilleja praeterita">
Castilleja praeterita

Castilleja praeterita is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Salmon Creek Indian paintbrush. It is endemic to the High Sierra Nevada of California, where it grows in dry sagebrush meadows. 
Description.
This is a branching perennial herb growing a hairy stem up to about 45 centimeters in maximum height. The linear leaves are 3 to 5 centimeters long. The glandular, hairy inflorescence is made up of pale green bracts tipped in pale red to bright yellow. Between the bracts emerge the pouched flowers which are tinted with purple or yellow along the edges.

</doc>
<doc id="21451692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451692" title="Norm Rapmund">
Norm Rapmund

Norm Rapmund is an American comic book inker.
Career.
Image Comics and Marvel.
Rapmund's career began with Image Comics' "Brigade" #1 in 1992. He worked on the series concurrently with Image titles "Bloodstrike" and "Team Youngblood" until 1994, when he moved from "Brigade" to "Supreme". Rapmund worked on several series under the Image banner (including the Extreme Studios and Maximum Press imprints), and in 1997 inked several issues of Alan Moore's "" as well as issue #3 of Alan Moore's "Judgment Day" limited series Work on a pair of 1997 Image/Marvel Comics crossover titles, "Spider-Man/Badrock" and "Silver Surfer/Weapon Zero", led to more jobs with Marvel on "Avengers", "Iron Man", and "Fantastic Four".
DC Comics.
Rapmund began working primarily on DC Comics titles, starting in April 1998 with "Teen Titans" (vol. 2) #19; at the time the series was being written and pencilled by Dan Jurgens, who had written "Spider-Man/Badrock". through the series' end at issue #75 (January 2001).
Starting in September 2000, Rapmund also inked issues of Marvel's "Wolverine" (vol. 2) and "X-Men", staying with these series after "Aquaman" ended in 2001. His work on "Wolverine" ended with the issue #179 cover (September 2002), and Rapmund continued inking various Marvel and DC titles, as well as Image Comics' "Masters of the Universe", a series which coincided with the 2002-2003 revival of the 1980s He-Man franchise. Transitioning primarily to Marvel's "Black Panther" and "Fantastic Four" in late 2003, Rapmund worked heavily on "X-Treme X-Men" in early 2004 as well as returning to the "Teen Titans", whose latest series was being written by Geoff Johns. This was followed by a stint with Marvel's "Rogue" from 2004 to 2005 and various other Marvel and DC titles, culminating with DC's "Supergirl" and "Infinite Crisis" from 2005 to 2006. Among his next titles were the DC limited series "52" and "Countdown to Final Crisis" in 2007, with Rapmund now on contract with DC Comics.
DC began a new "Booster Gold" series in October 2007, with art by Jurgens (who had created the character in 1986), Rapmund and (initial) co-writers Geoff Johns and Jeff Katz. He and Jurgens briefly left the title to work on "". At the conclusion of that series, it was announced that he will return to "Booster Gold", along with Dan Jurgens, in May 2011 with Issue #44. Rapmund also works on various other DC titles concurrently.

</doc>
<doc id="21451704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451704" title="Terry Killens">
Terry Killens

Terry Deleon Killens (born March 24, 1974 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Houston Oilers/Tennessee Titans, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Seattle Seahawks. In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in which Killens appeared as a substitute, however they lost to the Kurt Warner-led St. Louis Rams. He has four children: Taylor Denise Killens, Trey aka Terry Deleon Killens, Taryn Danielle Killens, and Tori Killens. He is marrieed to Rhonda Killens.
Early life.
Killens grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio in Kennedy Heights. He lived with his father Terry Deleon Killens SR., His mother Eleanor Carolyn Killens, his sister Lisa Morris, and younger brother Corey Killens. Killens was the 2nd oldest child of the 3 children.
Life now.
Killens has retired, he didn't want to but he broke his shoulder and he had no choice. He has lived in San Francisco California, Houston, Texas, and Nashville Teneesee, and Mason Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="21451710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451710" title="Baltimore City Passenger Railway Power House and Car Barn (Cable Car)">
Baltimore City Passenger Railway Power House and Car Barn (Cable Car)

Baltimore City Passenger Railway Power House and Car Barn (Cable Car), also known as the Charles Theatre, is a historic street railway building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick Romanesque Revival style building, constructed in 1892, that has been altered for a variety of uses over the years. The southern half of the building (now the Charles Theater) was used for the power house; the northern half (formerly the Famous Ballroom and a bowling alley) was used for the car barn. It was constructed by Baltimore’s oldest streetcar company to provide cable traction on one of its first and most important lines. The car barn was the node where the Baltimore & Northern Railway transferred its streetcars to City Passenger tracks. In 1939 the United Railways and Electric Company sold the structure and it was then converted into a theater, bowling alley, and ballroom.
Baltimore City Passenger Railway Power House and Car Barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21451721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451721" title="Bobbie Howard">
Bobbie Howard

Bobbie Allen Howard, Jr. (born June 14, 1977) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Chicago Bears. Howard is now a coach for St. Laurence High School in Burbank, Illinois.
He is one of the best coach's ever him and Harold Blackmon are both great coaches and now what it takes to be in the NFL

</doc>
<doc id="21451723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451723" title="Tatar Khan">
Tatar Khan

Tatar Khan was the Governor of Sonargaon during 1259-1268 CE.
History.
He succeeded Ijjauddin Balban Iuzbaki and built a tomb for his predecessor's remains, two years after his death. Tatar Khan was a very capable ruler, renowned for his bravery, liberality, heroism and honesty. He did not acknowledge allegiance to the sultan of Delhi, Nasiruddin, who died in 1266. That year he sent his envoys to Sultan Ghiyasuddin Balban. This diplomatic mission from Bengal was accorded a royal reception at Delhi worthy of embassies from Iran or Turan. The envoys of Tatar Khan were loaded with valuable gifts and given leave of departure. Muhammad Tatar Khan died in independence two years after Balban's accession.

</doc>
<doc id="21451734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451734" title="Troy Benson">
Troy Benson

Troy B. Benson (born July 30, 1963 in Altoona, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="21451744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451744" title="Jónína Leósdóttir">
Jónína Leósdóttir

Jónína Leósdóttir (born 16 May 1954) is an Icelandic novelist, playwright and former journalist. She is the author of a dozen plays, seven novels, two biographies and a collection of articles she originally wrote for a women's magazine. She is married to the former Icelandic Prime Minister Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir, who was the first openly lesbian head of government in modern history. They were one of the first same-sex couples in Iceland to get married (in 2010, shortly after the law took effect, and while Jóhanna was in office); and as of 2013, Jónína remains the only modern person to have been the same-sex spouse of a sitting head of government (Belgium's Elio Di Rupo and Luxembourg's Xavier Bettel, the only other gay heads of government, have never been married). She has now written a book about her relationship with the former head of state. She has one son from a previous marriage. She has a BA in English and Literature from the University of Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="21451749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451749" title="Marverine Cole">
Marverine Cole

Marverine Cole is a British radio and television presenter and news reporter from Birmingham, England. She current presents on shopping channel QVC UK and formerly worked for BBC Midlands Today, BBC Radio WM, Imagine FM, ITV Central News, Sky News, and Touch FM.
She studied for a degree in business studies at De Montfort University (graduating in 1993), and a postgraduate diploma in broadcast journalism at the University of Central England in Birmingham.
Joining Sky News, she presented the overnight slot, and reported on various stories.
As a freelance radio producer, in 2012 she made an hour documentary about UK female rappers for BBC Radio 1Xtra, and co-produced a half-hour documentary for BBC Radio 4 about female gambling addicts.
She has won several awards for her beer blog, Beer Beauty, and has appeared as a beer expert in the media.

</doc>
<doc id="21451752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451752" title="Amberley Museum Railway">
Amberley Museum Railway

The Amberley Museum and Heritage Centre Railway is a narrow gauge railway based at the Amberley Museum & Heritage Centre, Amberley, West Sussex. It has a varied collection of engines and rolling stock ranging from gauge to gauge. It operates passenger trains at the museum using a mixture of steam, internal combustion and battery-electric locomotives.
History.
Pre-Preservation.
Before the advent of Amberley Museum, the site was a chalk quarry operated by Pepper & Sons. The site had its own loco worked standard gauge railway, which connected with the London, Brighton & South Coast Railway at Amberley station. Over the years Peppers owned a range of locos, including Marshall and Aveling & Porter steam designs, and a Hibberd Planet petrol loco. When the site was abandoned in the late 1960s the track was lifted.
Early Days.
When the museum opened in the late 1970s a small industrial railway was envisaged, operating typical narrow gauge industrial trains. The first loco to arrive on site was Hibberd Simplex 1980 from the City of Chichester Sewage Works at Apuldram. In 1982 the Thakeham Tiles company, located a few miles from the museum, donated its entire railway system including two Hudson Hunslet locos, several wagons and some track, a new conveyor system having started operation at the works. The donation was on the condition the whole lot was removed over a weekend. This was duly accomplished. Today some of the Thakeham track is still in use on non-passenger parts of the line, along with one of the locos (Hunslet 3653). The other, Hudson Hunslet 2208 is in store, having been used as a spares donor for the museum's other Hudson Hunslet locos. Also in 1982, the Brockham Museum in Surrey closed down and moved its entire stock to Amberley. This influx, including several steam locos, gave the inspiration to expand the operation to a passenger carrying line.
The Brockham Story.
The story of the Brockham Museum starts in 1960, when the Dorking Greystone Lime Co. of Betchworth, Surrey, was disposing of its railway stock and the company's general manager, Major Taylerson, was keen to see the locos preserved. The London Area Group of the Narrow Gauge Railway Society purchased one of the pair of gauge Fletcher Jennings tank locos, 'Townsend Hook'. Initially this was placed on display at Sheffield Park station on the embryonic Bluebell Railway. However this was not a particularly satisfactory arrangement and efforts were made to find an alternative home. A site was found at a disused chalk pit in Brockham, only a stone's throw from Townsend Hook's old stamping grounds at Betchworth. Townsend Hook moved there in 1962. That year the two Orenstein & Koppel diesel locos from Betchworth, no.6 'Monty' and No. 7, later named 'The Major' in honour of Major Taylerson. The Brockham Museum Trust was formed as a separate entity to the NGRS, although the NGRS retained ownership of Townsend Hook and later acquisition 'Peter' (Bagnall 2067) until the early 2000s. In 1967 the now-flagship of the museum fleet was acquired, 1905 -built Bagnall 2-4-0T 1781 'Polar Bear', from the Groudle Glen Railway. The story goes that Brockham were offered both 'Polar Bear' and her sister, 'Sea Lion', along with all the carriages for £50, but the museum couldn't raise that much money and instead purchased Polar Bear and two carriages, along with many spares from 'Sea Lion', which had been out of use since 1939 to keep 'Polar Bear' in traffic. The museum continued to expand, becoming home to most of Amberley's current collection. However by the early 1980s the limited access to the site forced a transfer away from Brockham, and Amberley was deemed the best location to move to.
The Combined Collection.
A running line was built at Amberley from 1982 to 1984 running along one side of the pit between Amberley and Brockham stations. The inaugural train was hauled by Polar Bear, by that time back in steam. The Hudson Hunslet diesels 3097 and Blue Star were stalwarts of the passenger service in the 80s, until the arrival of Motor Rail Simplex 60S prototype 11001. In the mid-1980s Decauville 0-4-0WT 'Barbouilleur' entered service, and following Polar Bear's boiler being condemned around 1987, was the sole steam locomotive available until 1993. 'Polar Bear' re-entered traffic with a new boiler in 1993, and was joined that same year by 'Peter'. 'Townsend Hook' departed in 1995 to Eastleigh College for an ultimately ill-fated restoration attempt.
Expansion.
The 2000s showed significant expansion for the railway. In the early 2000s it was decided WW1 Baldwin 4-6-0PT 778 'Lion', which had been in store for many years, needed an alternative home for it to be restored, as it was far to big for the sharp curves on the Amberley system. It departed for the Leighton Buzzard railway, where it is now in service. A new exhibition hall for the railway, built with lottery funding, was opened in 2003. This building also serves as a carriage shed, the carriage fleet having suffered severe deterioration when stored outside beforehand. A new running shed was also built, opening in 2005. This building serves as a dedicated operating and restoration base for the passenger steam fleet, as well as a dedicated home and charging station for the battery electric locos. The steam fleet was bolstered in 2006 by the arrival of the Hampshire Narrow Gauge Trust's Bagnall 0-4-0ST 2091 'Wendy'. The running line was extended in the 2000s, with the extension round the top of the pit to the new Cragside station opening in mid-2007. In 2008 Hunslet diesel-hydraulic 8969 'No. 12' the rest of the time entered service as the main passenger loco. Another addition was made to the steam fleet in 2009 when HNGRT's other steam loco, Quarry Hunslet 0-4-0ST 542 'Cloister' arrived. Both HNGRT locos left Amberley during Summer 2012.
The Line Today.
The main line runs from Amberley station near the museum entrance along the side of the pit past the De Witt lime kilns to Brockham station, currently the only intermediate stations. From Brockham the line curves round the top of the pit and passes the running shed and ends up at Cragside station, across the pit from Brockham. The industrial (non-passenger) lines connect to the main line at Brockham station. At Amberley station there is a rarely used siding into the woodyard. Brockham has a small siding on Platform 2, as well as a former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway ticket office from Hove station. In addition there is the Betchworth Hall shed, used for the restoration of Townsend Hook, and eventually will be used as a museum to display the Dorking Greystone Lime Co. exhibits (Townsend Hook, Monty, The Major, wagons 10 and 60, and some miscellaneous items).
The railway holds its annual Gala Weekend on the second weekend of July each year, in addition to two Industrial Trains Days in April and October.
Locomotives.
Listing as of March 2013.
Engines marked 'In occasional use' are generally only operated at railway special events and are usually either on display in the museum building or stored in one of the sheds or the tunnel. Locos marked 'Air Fitted/Piped' are capable of hauling passenger trains.
In popular culture.
The railway made an appearance in the 1985 James Bond film, "A View To A Kill", with the railway's storage tunnel appearing as the entrance to a mine. Later, engines HE3097 and 'Blue Star' were sent to Pinewood Studios along with a quantity of wagons to film scenes 'inside the mine'. Many of the railway's skip wagons still carry 'Zorin Green' livery.
In 2010 four of the museum's Hudson flat wagons were sent to Pinewood Studios for use in the film, .

</doc>
<doc id="21451753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451753" title="Mike Hawkins (linebacker)">
Mike Hawkins (linebacker)

Michael Douglas Hawkins (born November 29, 1955 in Bay City, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the New England Patriots and Los Angeles Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="21451754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451754" title="Castilleja schizotricha">
Castilleja schizotricha

Castilleja schizotricha is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name splithair Indian paintbrush. It is native to the Klamath Mountains of southern Oregon and northern California, where it grows in rocky soils in temperate coniferous forests. This wildflower is a perennial herb growing not more than about 15 centimeters tall and coated thickly in light-colored hairs, giving it a gray or white color. The woolly inflorescence is made up of layers of dusty red or pink bracts. Between the bracts emerge pouched dull reddish flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21451756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451756" title="Bruntonichthys">
Bruntonichthys

Bruntonichthys is an arthrodire placoderm from the Gogo Reef Formation. It was a small fish, having proportionately huge eyes, and small jaws. Researchers suggest it may have preyed on small mollusks.

</doc>
<doc id="21451758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451758" title="Gorgonichthys">
Gorgonichthys

Gorgonichthys is an extinct arthrodire placoderm of the superfamily Dinichthyoidea. Fossils of "G. clarki" are found in the Upper Famennian Cleveland Shales of Late Devonian Ohio. "G. clarki" is estimated to have reached 6 meters in length. However it still may not have been as heavily built as its contemporary "Dunkleosteus".

</doc>
<doc id="21451763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451763" title="Michael Hunt">
Michael Hunt

Michael Anthony "Mike" Hunt (born October 6, 1956) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Green Bay Packers, appearing in a total of 22 games.
The Packers selected Hunt from the University of Minnesota in the second round of the 1978 NFL Draft. Hunt played all 16 games in his rookie season, but began to suffer from the effects of head and neck injuries. He appeared in only three games in 1979, when he was forced to the injured reserve list because of knee surgery, and three more in 1980. On September 21, 1980, Hunt was kneed in the head during a game against the Los Angeles Rams and suffered a concussion; this proved to be his final NFL game. After spending 1981 on the reserve-retired list, Hunt attempted a comeback in the 1982 preseason, but was forced to retire on August 3, 1982 because of recurring concussions.

</doc>
<doc id="21451766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451766" title="Lipid bilayer mechanics">
Lipid bilayer mechanics

Lipid bilayer mechanics is the study of the physical material properties of lipid bilayers, classifying bilayer behavior with stress and strain rather than biochemical interactions. Local point deformations such as membrane protein interactions are typically modelled with the complex theory of biological liquid crystals but the mechanical properties of a homogeneous bilayer are often characterized in terms of only three mechanical elastic modulus: the area expansion modulus Ka, a bending modulus Kb and an edge energy formula_1. For fluid bilayers the shear modulus is by definition zero, as the free rearrangement of molecules within plane means that the structure will not support shear stresses. These mechanical properties affect several membrane-mediated biological processes. In particular, the values of Ka and Kb affect the ability of proteins and small molecules to insert into the bilayer. Bilayer mechanical properties have also been shown to alter the function of mechanically activated ion channels.
Area expansion Modulus.
Since lipid bilayers are essentially a two dimensional structure, Ka is typically defined only within the plane. Intuitively, one might expect that this modulus would vary linearly with bilayer thickness as it would for a thin plate of isotropic material. In fact this is not the case and Ka is only weakly dependent on bilayer thickness. The reason for this is that the lipids in a fluid bilayer rearrange easily so, unlike a bulk material where the resistance to expansion comes from intermolecular bonds, the resistance to expansion in a bilayer is a result of the extra hydrophobic area exposed to water upon pulling the lipids apart. 
Based on this understanding, a good first approximation of Ka for a monolayer is 2γ, where gamma is the surface tension of the water-lipid interface. Typically gamma is in the range of 20-50mJ/m2. To calculate Ka for a bilayer it is necessary to multiply the monolayer value by two, since a bilayer is composed of two monolayer leaflets. Based on this calculation, the estimate of Ka for a lipid bilayer should be 80-200 mN/m (note: N/m is equivalent to J/m2). It is not surprising given this understanding of the forces involved that studies have shown that Ka varies strongly with solution conditions but only weakly with tail length and unsaturation. 
The compression modulus is difficult to measure experimentally because of the thin, fragile nature of bilayers and the consequently low forces involved. One method utilized has been to study how vesicles swell in response to osmotic stress. This method is, however, indirect and measurements can be perturbed by polydispersity in vesicle size. A more direct method of measuring Ka is the pipette aspiration method, in which a single giant unilamellar vesicle (GUV) is held and stretched with a micropipette. More recently, atomic force microscopy (AFM) has been used to probe the mechanical properties of suspended bilayer membranes, but this method is still under development. 
One concern with all of these methods is that, since the bilayer is such a flexible structure, there exist considerable thermal fluctuations in the membrane at many length scales down to sub-microscopic. Thus, forces initially applied to an unstressed membrane are not actually changing the lipid packing but are rather “smoothing out” these undulations, resulting in erroneous values for mechanical properties. This can be a significant source of error. Without the thermal correction typical values for Ka are 100-150 mN/m and with the thermal correction this would change to 220-270 mN/m.
Bending Modulus.
Bending modulus is defined as the energy required to deform a membrane from its intrinsic curvature to some other curvature. For an ideal bilayer the intrinsic curvature is zero, so this expression is somewhat simplified. The bending modulus, compression modulus and bilayer thickness are related by formula_2 such that if two of these parameters are known the other can be calculated. This relationship derives from the fact that to bend the inner face must be compressed and the outer face must be stretched. The thicker the membrane, the more each face must deform to accommodate a given curvature (see bending moment). Many of the values for Ka in literature have actually been calculated from experimentally measured values of Kb and t. This relation holds only for small deformations, but this is generally a good approximation as most lipid bilayers can support only a few percent strain before rupturing. 
Curvature.
Only certain classes of lipids can form bilayers. Two factors primarily govern whether a lipid will form a bilayer or not: solubility and shape. For a self assembled structure such as a bilayer to form, the lipid should have a low solubility in water, which can also be described as a low critical micelle concentration (CMC). Above the CMC, molecules will aggregate and form larger structures such as bilayers, micelles or inverted micelles. 
The primary factor governing which structure a given lipid forms is its shape (i.e.- its intrinsic curvature). Intrinsic curvature is defined by the ratio of the diameter of the head group to that of the tail group. For two-tailed PC lipids, this ratio is nearly one so the intrinsic curvature is nearly zero. Other headgroups such as PS and PE are smaller and the resulting diacyl (two-tailed) lipids thus have a negative intrinsic curvature. Lysolipids tend to have positive spontaneous curvature because they have one rather than two alkyl chains in the tail region. If a particular lipid has too large a deviation from zero intrinsic curvature it will not form a bilayer.
Edge Energy.
Edge energy is the energy per unit length of a free edge contacting water. This can be thought of as the work needed to create a hole in the bilayer of unit length L. The origin of this energy is the fact that creating such an interface exposes some of the lipid tails to water, which is unfavorable. formula_1 is also an important parameter in biological phenomena as it regulates the self-healing properties of the bilayer following electroporation or mechanical perforation of the cell membrane. Unfortunately, this property is both difficult to measure experimentally and to calculate. One of the major difficulties in calculation is that the structural properties of this edge are not known. The simplest model would be no change in bilayer orientation, such that the full length of the tail is exposed. This is a high energy conformation and, to stabilize this edge, it is likely that the some of the lipids rearrange their head groups to point out in a curved boundary. The extent to which this occurs is currently unknown and there is some evidence that both hydrophobic (tails straight) and hydrophilic (heads curved around) pores can coexist.

</doc>
<doc id="21451769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451769" title="Elisabeth of Kalisz">
Elisabeth of Kalisz

Elisabeth of Kalisz (1263 – 28 September 1304) was the eldest child of Boleslaw the Pious and his wife, Saint Jolenta of Poland. Her younger sister was Jadwiga of Greater Poland.
Marriage.
In 1273, Elisabeth married Henry V, Duke of Legnica (1248–1296), who was the son of Bolesław II the Bald and Hedwig of Anhalt.
The couple had eight children:
Her husband went to war with Henry III, Duke of Silesia-Glogau; he was captured and imprisoned in Głogów until he was released. Henry was ill by the time of his release; this was due to the conditions of his confinement (he was locked in an iron cage).
He never recovered his health, and seems to have known that he was not going to live much longer. Fearing for the future of his Duchy, in 1294 he decided to put himself under the protection of the Holy See.
Henry died on 22 February 1296 and was buried in the Clare monastery of Wroclaw. At this time, all his sons were minors, and because of this, they were put under the tutelage of his brother Bolko.
Later life.
Elisabeth's mother and younger sister, Anna had gone to live in a nunnery after the death of their father. Jadwiga was married to Władysław I the Elbow-high; they had many children - among them were Elizabeth of Poland and Casimir III the Great.
Elisabeth and her children went to live with Wenceslaus II of Bohemia and his family. Here, Wenceslaus and Elisabeth arranged for her son Bolesław to marry Wenceslaus' youngest daughter Margaret.
Following Bolesław's arrival in the Bohemian court and after his betrothal to Margaret, the King clearly favored him; this attitude caused fear among the closest male relatives of the King, who saw the young Duke of Legnica as a potential rival for the throne. Although the fact that Wenceslaus II had a son made him seem irrelevant, the sudden death of the King in 1305 and one year later the murder of his son and successor Wenceslaus III in Olomouc gained him an unexpected importance. Bolesław began his fight for the Bohemian throne taking the title of ""haeres Regni Poloniae"" (heir of the Polish Kingdom).
Bolesław and Margaret were married in 1308 and had three children. By this time, Elisabeth had died. She died on 28 September 1304 and was buried alongside her husband in the Clare monastery of Wrocław.

</doc>
<doc id="21451775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451775" title="Leövey Klára Gimnázium">
Leövey Klára Gimnázium

Leövey Klára Gimnázium (in English: Klara Leovey High School) is a high school in the heart of Budapest, in Hungary. This high school is for pupils aged from 12 to 18. Boys and girls come to Klara Leövey High School from all sorts of schools and families. Their experience, knowledge and skills are diverse. What they all have in common, though, is an interest in thinking, learning and finding out.
History of the school.
The predecessor of the school, Ranolder Institute was founded by Ranolder János, the bishop of Veszprém at the time, in order to give Ferencváros, which was mainly inhabited by German natives in those days, an institute to educate women in Hungarian. The school in charge of the Daughters of Charity was gradually growing receiving girls with the intention to study from all over the country. After the nationalisation in 1948/49 the school became a training (secondary) school for primary school teachers, then taking up the name Leövey Klára in 1955, it was turned into a high school.
The framework of education in the school.
In the regular department the students between the age of 12 and 18 take part in a 4-, 5- and 6-year school course/education.
This is a school of „the second chance” too, because at the department of adult education there is a chance for youngsters or young adults who for some reason could not obtain a secondary education certificate, are given the chance to get it within a night school or correspondent course system without giving up their jobs and starting a regular (daytime) secondary school course.
The school also offers a practice-oriented 1- or 2- year-long course based on the requirements of the secondary education certificate which gives a qualification to those who do not wish to or temporarily cannot continue their studies at a further education college or university.
In the school year 2008/2009 there are 650 students attending the regular and 210 students the adult department of the school.
Innovative School.
This school has been a member of the Network of European Innovative Schools since June 2003. This gives the opportunity of trying out new pedagogical methods and tools and of joining/participating international programs.
Modernising contents in the educational work.
In the educational work environmental education has a prominent role. Students learn about the importance of environmental protection at elective extra lessons, through doing project work and educational trips. A new project on environmental protection, which is on the way to be state-credited, is being tested at the moment at this school. 
The European Language Portfolio which help students to keep track of their language learning process was introduced in 2003. The Portfolio is in accordance with the Common European Framework and 
The school was one of the first high schools in Hungary to introduce the teaching of the subject ’Introduction to Economics in’ its curriculum as an elective extra lesson. Within the scope of the subject students could join a student enterprise program called Young Enterprise to gain experience on running a business. From the school year 2005/2006 students have the opportunity of receiving the renowned Unified European Economic Certificate (EBC*L).
As the result of the development made in the last few years the teaching of the subject ’Moving picture and Media’ has been introduced as an elective course and for students specialising in it, within the framework of which the students get to know the basics of analysing moving pictures and current phenomena of the media. 
This school is a pioneer in using information and communication technologies. In this field traditions go back to 1983. These technologies are used in the background work of both teachers and students and in projects work as well.
Leövey Klára Secondary Grammar School in projects.
With the coordination of the European schoolnet the school has been participating in the e-learning research and development work of the Celebrate project which has been going on since 2002 with nine Hungarian schools (including Leovey Klara High School) taking part in it. Teachers have been creating and testing e-learning resource materials to be used through the Internet. 
The school is part of the Sulinet Digital Knowledge Base the aim of which is to integrate informatics, learning and teaching materials into the process of school learning.
The SCALE project is an EU sponsored project with 6 countries participating. It aims at developing an Internet-based method which can help to develop students’ argumentative skills in discussions and introduce the method of learning with the help of discussions to them.
Within the ZORKA 2004 project, with the other schools involved in the Innovative School Network, the school has been developing digital teaching and learning resource materials to be used in teaching natural sciences.
In the school year 2005/2006 the ESZTER project was organised by Sulinet Program Office (Programiroda), with innovative schools taking part, within which students were exploring the ethnic, language, religious and cultural heterogeneity of the EU countries. 
With the HEFOP 3.1.3. project the school can take part in the development program entitled ’Preparation for Competence-based Teaching’. All the 9-form students in this school are involved in it. 
The participation in the Socrates/Comenius school development program financed by the European Committee gives students the chance to improve their sense of solidarity and empathy. It also helps them to explore and respect the heterogeneity of European Culture and social traditions. This institute is the coordinator for 6 schools in the 3-year project entitled “For a European School of Solidarity” which aims at helping the participants to learn and cohabit with heterogeneity.
Specialities.
Students in the 9th and 10th form learn the subjects of their own interest, which they specialise in, in a higher number of lessons. At the beginning of the 11th form they can revise their former choice and make a new one choosing another elective subject to orientate themselves towards another aim in their future career. 
Besides the modern pedagogical methods used in the school, the students are attracted by the friendly atmosphere of the institution as well. The extra curricular activities also have an important role to contribute to this good atmosphere.
It is not only the cultural programs which are of great interest to students but they show interest in acting, sports activities and hiking as well.
The students’ self-government operates within a special independent framework.
The excellent atmosphere of the school is also due to the most modern way of keeping contact between parents and the school as well as students and teachers through the internet. This new type of “interpersonal” contact is operated through the Moodle framework and it makes the educational and pedagogical work of teachers much more effective.
The school has owned a certificate of quality management based on the QPSA model since 1999. For the sake of the permanent improvement the school is continuously processing the feedback (measurements, competition results, data of enrolment, final exam results) and survey the indicators of the level of satisfaction of partners (of parents and students)in the educational and pedagogical process. 
As the appreciation of the high quality of the work, the name of the school gets referred to more and more frequently in the leading organs of pedagogical literature.

</doc>
<doc id="21451777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451777" title="Merv Krakau">
Merv Krakau

Mervin Floyd Krakau (born May 16, 1951 in Jefferson, Iowa) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Buffalo Bills and the New England Patriots. After a five-year hiatus, he played a seventh professional season with the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League.
Krakau was a four-sport star at Guthrie Center High School. His versatility in track and field attracted the attention of Jimmy Johnson, then an assistant to Johnny Majors at Iowa State University. Krakau accepted Iowa State's scholarship offer in the spring of 1969. He played defensive end for the Cyclones, helping Iowa State reach its first two bowl games, the 1971 Sun Bowl and the 1972 Liberty Bowl. Krakau's best game of his 1972 senior campaign came in the regular season finale against Nebraska. Krakau made 11 tackles, sacked the quarterback twice, and caused and recovered two fumbles as the Cyclones ended Nebraska's 24-game Big Eight winning streak with a 23-23 tie. Krakau was named Big Eight Player of the Week and Sports Illustrated's national Lineman of the Week for his outstanding play. For the season, he was named first team All-Big Eight and third team All-American. Krakau is the first defensive player from Iowa State to be named All-American.
Krakau played six seasons in the NFL, from 1973 to 1978. His best season in Buffalo was 1976, when he started all 14 games at middle linebacker, led the team in tackles with 132, and was second in the NFL in fumble recoveries, with six. In 1983, he played for the Tampa Bay Bandits of the USFL.
Krakau is a member of the Iowa High School Athletic Association Football Hall of Fame. In 2007, he was inducted into the Iowa State University Athletics Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21451786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451786" title="Place de l'Opéra">
Place de l'Opéra

The Place de l'Opéra is a square in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, at the junction of boulevard des Italiens, boulevard des Capucines, avenue de l'Opéra, rue Auber, rue Halévy, rue de la Paix and rue du Quatre-Septembre. It was built at the same time as the Opéra Garnier (designed by Charles Garnier), which is sited on it and after which it is named. Both structures were part of the Haussmannian redesign of Paris under Napoleon III of France.

</doc>
<doc id="21451794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451794" title="Mike Green (linebacker)">
Mike Green (linebacker)

Michael James Green (born June 29, 1961 in Port Arthur, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the San Diego Chargers.

</doc>
<doc id="21451796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451796" title="Stevie Baggs">
Stevie Baggs

Stevie Baggs (born December 30, 1981) is a gridiron football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He has most recently played for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He played American college football at Bethune-Cookman.
Baggs has also played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Edmonton Eskimos, Saskatchewan Roughriders, and Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Professional career.
Detroit Lions.
He was signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2004.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
He was a member of the Jacksonville Jaguars practice squad in 2005.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
In 2006, Baggs signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Edmonton Eskimos.
He signed and played for the Edmonton Eskimos during the 2007 season.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders as a free agent in September, 2008.
Arizona Cardinals.
He was signed to the Arizona Cardinals of the NFL for the 2010 season, however was cut before the team finalized its 53-man roster limit.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats for two seasons.
Baltimore Ravens.
On August 4, 2012, Baggs signed with the Baltimore Ravens.
Calgary Stampeders.
On September 7, 2012, Baggs signed as a free agent with the Calgary Stampeders.

</doc>
<doc id="21451798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451798" title="Castilleja subinclusa">
Castilleja subinclusa

Castilleja subinclusa is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name longleaf Indian paintbrush. It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in a number of habitat types. It is divided into two subspecies which generally do not occur together; one is widespread across the mountains of the two states, while the other is limited to the coastline surrounding the San Francisco Bay Area. In general, this is a spreading perennial herb which can exceed a meter tall. It is gray-green to purple in herbage color, and usually hairy. The lance-shaped leaves are up to 8 centimeters long. The inflorescence is up to 40 centimeters long and is made up of long, pointed bracts tipped in bright red-orange to deep red. Between the colorful bracts appear lighter flowers, which are yellow-green to pinkish and hairy. 

</doc>
<doc id="21451808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451808" title="Tom Toner">
Tom Toner

Thomas Edward Toner (January 25, 1950August 26, 1990) was a professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="21451814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451814" title="Fair Grounds Handicap">
Fair Grounds Handicap

The Fair Grounds Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race for four-year-olds and up run at the Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana early in the year. A Grade IIIT stakes race, it's set at a distance of 1 and one-eighth miles or 9 furlongs on the turf, and now offers a purse of $150,000.
This race is part of Louisiana Derby Preview Day at the New Orleans oval. 

</doc>
<doc id="21451819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451819" title="Ron Porter">
Ron Porter

Ronald Dean Porter (born July 27, 1945 in Woburn, Massachusetts) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Baltimore Colts, the Philadelphia Eagles, and the Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="21451821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451821" title="Kamari">
Kamari

Kamari () is a coastal village on the southeastern part of the Aegean island of Santorini, Greece, in the Cyclades archipelago with a population of approx. 1800 according to the 2001 census. It is part of the
Municipality of Thira and is situated approximately 8 km away from the island's capital Fira. Kamari was built by residents of the nearby village of "Episkopi Gonias" (, also Μέσα Γωνιά), which was almost flattened by a devastating earthquake that hit Santorini in July 1956. 
The village got its name from a small arch (, Kamara) that still rises at the south end of its beach and is what remains from an ancient sanctuary dedicated to Poseidon. Today, it stretches along a beach covered with black pebbles,
which is the longest of the island. The beach extends in a northeast to southwest direction from Monolithos to the feet of the "Mesa vouno" mountain that rises up to a height of approx. 400m, being Santorini's second highest peak. Once an agricultural and fishing village, modern Kamari boasts a thriving tourist industry, offering a wide choice of accommodation, restaurants, cafes, bars and night clubs, plus several water sport activities.
In 2002, an archaic sanctuary dedicated to Achilles was discovered in Kamari.

</doc>
<doc id="21451830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451830" title="One Calvert Plaza">
One Calvert Plaza

One Calvert Plaza, formerly the Continental Trust Company Building, is an historic 16-story, skyscraper in Baltimore, Maryland. The Beaux-Arts, early modern office building was constructed with steel structural members clad with terra cotta fireproofing and tile-arch floors. Its namesake was chartered in 1898 and instrumental in merging several Baltimore light and gas companies into one city-wide system. It was constructed in 1900-1901 to designs prepared by D.H. Burnham and Company of Chicago and is a survivor of the 1904 fire that destroyed more than in the present downtown financial district. When it was built in 1901, it was then the tallest building in Baltimore, and it kept that title until being surpassed by the iconic Bromo-Seltzer Tower of the Emerson Drug Company led by Capt. Isaac Edward Emerson, (1859-1931), the inventor of the stomach remedy and antacid, "Bromo-Seltzer" in 1911.
Continental Trust Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is within the Baltimore National Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21451836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451836" title="Mohammad Khatami presidential campaign, 2009">
Mohammad Khatami presidential campaign, 2009

Mohammad Khatami, former President of Iran, announced his candidacy for 2009 Iranian presidential election on 8 February 2009. Khatami later pulled out of the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21451838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451838" title="Grady Allen">
Grady Allen

Grady Lynn Allen (January 1, 1946 - December 4, 2012) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Atlanta Falcons.
Born in San Augustine, Texas, Allen played defensive end for Texas A&M from 1965 to 1967. During his senior year, he was a team captain, was given the annual Aggie Heart award by the team, earned all Southwest Conference honors, and helped the team to its first Cotton Bowl appearance in 27 years, where they upset Alabama 20-16.
Not chosen in the NFL draft, Allen played as a reserve linebacker in 59 games for the Atlanta Falcons over 5 seasons from 1968 until 1972, recording 2 interceptions and 3 fumble recoveries. Allen played in all 14 games each season, except for 1971, where an injury limited him to 3 games.
Allen was inducted into the Texas A&M Hall of Fame in 1995 and served as president of the Texas A&M Lettermen’s Association in 2006.
Allen died of cardiac arrest on December 4, 2012. He is survived by his wife Kay and three children: Geoff, Dennis and Ann Marie. His son Dennis is the current Head Coach of the Oakland Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="21451845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451845" title="Penn Cambria School District">
Penn Cambria School District

Penn Cambria School District is a school district located in Cambria County, Pennsylvania. The school district serves the boroughs of Ashville, Cresson, Gallitzin, Lilly, Loretto, and Sankertown. As well as the townships of Allegheny, Cresson, Dean, Gallitzin, Munster, and Washington. Penn Cambria covers in east-central Cambria County. 
School Buildings.
Penn Cambria has five school buildings, each serves a certain amount of grade levels:

</doc>
<doc id="21451855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451855" title="Charles Dettie Aaron">
Charles Dettie Aaron

Charles Dettie Aaron (8 May 1866 -1951) was an American gastroenterologist from Detroit remembered for Aaron's sign, an indicator of appendicitis.
Bibliography.
Aaron, Charles Dettie. Diseases Of The Digestive Organs, first published 1915

</doc>
<doc id="21451861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451861" title="Zehn kleine Jägermeister">
Zehn kleine Jägermeister

"Zehn kleine Jägermeister" (German: "Ten little hunters/Jägermeisters") is a song by German punk rock group Die Toten Hosen. It was released in September 1996 as the fourth single from the album "Opium fürs Volk". It's DTH's biggest hit, reaching number one on German, Austrian and Swiss charts.
Content.
It's a drinking song, and the fact that drinking songs are a tradition for Die Toten Hosen is ironized on the album version as an interview in the beginning and end of the song. The song's title and theme are a parody of "Zehn kleine Negerlein" ("Ten little negroes", the English version of this song is called "Ten Little Indians"), which is a song about how out of ten characters only one was left in the end. The chorus also makes use of the German translation of the Unus pro omnibus, omnes pro uno, "Einer für alle, alle für einen", as well as alluding to the board game Mensch ärgere dich nicht.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Ralf Schmerberg and drawn by Andreas Hykade. It is an animated illustration of the lyrics, depicting deer as Jägermeisters. During the chorus the liquid's path through the mouth is shown, along the way, the band members are seen, drinking.
The video follows the lyrics and is divided into sections beginning with a group of Jägermeisters performing a dance routine. Their number is decreasing section by section, as they sequentially got into different situations which always end with a violent death of one of them. At the end of the video, the very last surviving Jägermeister invites nine other Jägermeisters for Easter.

</doc>
<doc id="21451880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451880" title="Thomas Berling">
Thomas Berling

Thomas Berling (born 21 January 1979) is a retired Norwegian football defender. His retirement from football sparked media attention.
He hails from Drevja. He played for Nardo FK, and joined Lyn ahead of the 1999 season. He played four games in the second highest Norwegian league, and also played for the u-19 national team.
In 2000 he disappeared from professional football. It later surfaced that he had come out as gay, and that he quit football as a result of what he described as widespread homophobia in the football community. In 2001 he briefly came out of retirement, playing for lower league Drøbak/Frogn IF.
Berling's case was cited several times in the upcoming years, as the connection between homophobia and sport was discussed in the national media now and then.

</doc>
<doc id="21451884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451884" title="Salvia merjamie">
Salvia merjamie

Salvia merjamie is a herbaceous perennial plant that is native to the east African highlands from Ethiopia to Tanzania, and also across the Red Sea in Yemen. It grows between 6,000 and 13,000 feet elevation in grasslands, forest edges, rocky outcrops, basalt slopes, and fallow fields. The specific epithet "merjamie" is derived from "meryamiye", the Arabian common name for the plant, which is shared with other local "Salvia" species such as "Salvia lanigera". The Maasai common name for "S. merjamie" is "Naingungundeu", meaning that the plant smells of rats, though the variety that is common in horticulture is named 'Mint Sauce' and is described as having a strong minty aroma. "S. merjamie" shares a similar distribution with "Salvia nilotica", though they are not known to hybridize.
The plant was named by Finnish plant collector Peter Forsskål (1732–1763), a student of Carl Linnaeus, while on an expedition to Arabia in 1762 with explorer Carsten Niebuhr and others. Forsskål died of malaria in 1763, less than a year after the trip began. His writings were later edited by Neibuhr, the only survivor of the trip, and published in 1775 as "Descriptiones Animalium — Avium, amphiborum, insectorum, vermium quæ in itinere orientali observavit Petrus Forskål", which included the description and naming of "Salvia merjamie".
Description.
"Salvia merjamie" grows 2–3 feet tall, with mostly basal leaves that are covered with oil glands, and sometimes with light hair on both leaf surfaces. The dark green oblong leaves form a rosette, with light scalloping on the edge. The leaves grow up to 6 inches long and 2 inches wide, with a 1.5 inch petiole. The flowers, usually less than 1 inch long, grow in whorls, varying in color. The variety grown in horticulture is very pale blue, verging on cream, with a falcate upper lip. The small calyces are typically violet-purple. The inflorescences are short, with a main flowering stem that has alternating pairs of flower stems at right angles to each other, a botanical arrangement known as "decussate". The mathematically precise flower structure gives the plant a striking appearance.
Cultivation.
"Salvia merjamie" prefers a half to full day of sun, well draining soil, and regular moderate watering. It is hardy down to for short periods, and is typically short-lived, flowering and producing seed for about three years in cultivation. The bloom period is short, approximately three weeks, with bees and hummingbirds typically drawn to the flowers. The variety commonly sold in horticulture is named 'Mint Sauce', which was first collected near the top of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania and is described as having a strong minty aroma.

</doc>
<doc id="21451887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451887" title="Geldern-Kapellen">
Geldern-Kapellen

Geldern-Kapellen is a town of about 2700 people in northwest Germany near the border of the Netherlands. Since 1969 the village has been a part of the city of Geldern. The area Kapellen lies in the Niederrhein (Lower Rhine) in the northwest part of German Federal State of Nordrhein-Westfalen. The village is approximately 45 miles (72 km) from Düsseldorf, 10 miles (16 km) from the Rhine River at Xanten and 111 miles (180 km) from Amsterdam, Netherlands.
History.
Kapellen was first mentioned in the year 1250. Because the area is on a Roman road of Xanten to Straelen, the area was likely populated well before 1250. The Roman Catholic Church of St. George was mentioned in 1305 in the St. Victor church register in the nearby town of Xanten. The church has records of the names of the assigned village priests since the year 1334.
The town has been ravaged by fires. On November 11, 1690 the church burned down completely. On July 14, 1792, 27 houses and 16 barns destroyed by fire. Also affected was the parsonage, the church could be saved. On the eve of the Whit Sunday (Pentecost) 1810 32 houses and 16 barns burned down. In 1908 the Kapellen village volunteer fire department was founded.
From 1798 to 1814 Kapellen was under French rule. In 1815 the Congress of Vienna added the area of the Lower Rhine to the Kingdom of Prussia. In April 1816 the Prussian administrative organization added Kapellen to the area of Geldern. Geldern was 1 of more than 40 districts of the province of Jülich-Kleves-Berg.
In the 1933 the historical name Capellen was changed to Kapellen. This name change was a part of German Federal spelling reform program. It is thought that German cities with “C” names (such as Crefeld, Cöln/Cologne, Coblenz) were using French or Latin spellings. From 1900 to about 1930's several German city names that started with a “C” were changed to “K” spellings, including Köln, Krefeld, Kobelez and Kapellen.
Until 1969 the village of Kapellen had its own government and mayor. On July 1, 1969 there was a municipal restructuring plan; Kapellen was added to the nearby city of Geldern. As of 2009, the city of Geldern includes the areas (villages) of Kapellen, Hartefeld, Lüllingen, Vernum, Pont, Veert and Walbeck. Geldern was added to the district of Kleve on January 1, 1975. As of December 2007, Geldern has a population of 33,927.
Sights.
Nearby are the Castle Haag (about 6km) with its 18 hole golf course. The Diebels Brewery is in the neaby village of Issum, a distance of 7km.
Castle (Palace) Haag - Schloss Haag.
Castle Haag, about 4miles (6 km) from Kapellen, is a late middle-ages building from the 15th century. The main house from 1664 was totally destroyed in 1945. Since 1995 there is an 18 hole golf course around the Palace.
Parish church St. George is Gothic Pseudo basilika from the first half the 15th century. The pulpit is from 1714 and the high altar from the year 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="21451893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451893" title="Clarence Love">
Clarence Love

Clarence Eugene Love (born June 16, 1976 in Jackson, Michigan) is a former American football safety who played in the National Football League. Love attended college at the University of Toledo and was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the 4th round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played with the Eagles (1998), the Baltimore Ravens (1999–2000), and the Oakland Raiders (2002–2004). Love won Super Bowl XXXV with the Baltimore Ravens.

</doc>
<doc id="21451895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451895" title="Kizilajlo">
Kizilajlo

Kizilajlo ( – "Ghizilajlo"; ) is a village in Georgia in the Marneuli District (Kvemo Kartli province).
Geographical location.
Kizilajlo is located to the west of the town of Marneuli, in its close proximity. The village is situated 400-420 metres above sea level.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 Georgian population census, the population of the village was 7,124 persons, which constituted 7.5% of population of the Marneuli District. Ethnic Azeris are the vast majority (98%). The gender structure of the inhibitants is 49.5 males versus 50.5 females.

</doc>
<doc id="21451924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451924" title="Warwick Pageant (1906)">
Warwick Pageant (1906)

The Warwick Pageant was a huge drama festival, organised by Louis N. Parker, which took place in the grounds of Warwick Castle, England, in July 1906 and was later described as “the biggest thing which ever happened to Warwick”.
Development.
The pageant was performed in the grounds of Warwick Castle, England, during the week of 2 to 7 July 1906 and was a major undertaking. In 1905 the Warwick town authorities had approached Louis N. Parker (see below) and asked him to “add another triumph” to that which he had achieved with the Sherborne Pageant in Dorset, even though that one only used 820 performers. The excuse for the Warwick Pageant was that it should celebrate “the Commemoration of the Thousandth Anniversary of the Conquest of Mercia by Queen Ethelfleda”.
It was a leading principle that, as far as possible, everything used in the pageant should be designed and made in Warwick. There were two thousand performers, and three hundred ladies made 1,400 of the costumes. Forty amateur artists painted copies of mediaeval banners for Churches and Guilds, in addition to producing elaborate designs on materials for costumes. Most of this work was done in a property in Jury Street, Warwick that became known as Pageant House, by which name it is still known today. From the start it was to be “clearly understood that those participating in the Pageant as performers would do so anonymously”.
A wooden grandstand was constructed which could hold an audience of 4,800 people. It was designed to be “in one gentle slope at an angle that collects the sound waves and delivers them distinctly to the very back of the stand, which is 280 feet long”.
Librettist statement.
The pageant secured almost universally ecstatic press reviews. Louis N. Parker explained what inspired him:
The Performers.
As explained above, the programme did not contain the names of the players, and their identities are only revealed in press reviews:
"The Players: The following ladies and gentlemen played the leading parts:"
"Kymbeline: Mr Holte"
"Caradoc: Mr Sutton"
"Ethelfleda: Miss Dickens"
"Piers Gaveston: Mr Rybot"
"Lancaster: Mr Robb"
"Warwick: Mr H. Brown"
"Roger de Newburgh: Mr C. Brown"
"Gundrada: Miss Browne"
"Shakespeare: A boy from Stratford"
"Queen Elizabeth: Mrs H. Batchelor"
"Leicester: Earl of Yarmouth"
"Thomas Fisher: Mr Sam Browne"
"Mrs Tomas Fisher: Mrs Sam Browne"
"Recorder: Mr Kemp (Mayor of Warwick)"
"There also took part in various episodes Lord and Lady Willoughby de Broke, Lady Heath, Lady Victoria de Trafford and the Rev Ralph Goodenough."
The Music.
With the exception of the Carmen, sang while the boys of Warwick School were performing (which piece forms the school song to this day), all the music of the Pageant was composed by Allen K. Blackall, the music master at the King's County School in The Butts, organist of St Mary’s, later music master at Warwick School (1906–27) and Principal of the Birmingham School of Music from 1934 to 1945. Warwick School possesses the autograph orchestral parts for the Pageant March, which is presumably the “Solemn March” which opened the proceedings each night, performed in 1906 by a “hidden orchestra” and also the Band of the 2nd Battalion, The Royal Warwickshire Regiment.
The Film.
Two reels of a film of the pageant survive, and were copied into a 16mm format in 1957. The contents of the film are given in the National Film Archive Catalogue:
A record of the pageant held in the grounds of Warwick Castle in 1906, depicting incidents in Warwick history from AD40 to 1572. 
REEL 1. Shots of Warwick Castle and the grounds showing the rope ferry in operation and the Old Mill and weir (32-173): 
EPISODE 1; a procession of Druids round an altar (174-219): the priests light the sacrificial fires (259): a child is seized and walled in under the altar (287): King Carodoc orders his release (305): a battle between Romans and Britons (308): King Caradoc is taken prisoner by the Romans (363): 
EPISODE 2; THE BEAR AND RAGGED STAFF: The Britons enter with Arthal and Movid leading a bear and a tree trunk (366-406): 
EPISODE 3; ETHELFLEDA AD 906: Queen Ethelfleda arrives with a number of captive Danes (411-461): 
EPISODE 4; GUY OF WARWICK AD 920: Guy returns to Phyllida and tells her he has slain the Dun Cow (464-488): the Dun Cow's head is brought in, Guy and Phyllida are betrothed and led in triumph to church (529): 
EPISODE 5; ROGER DE NEWBURGH AD 1123: Roger returns with the Templar Knights and surprises Lady Gunrada playing with her Maids of Honour (535-553): 
EPISODE 6; BASED ON SCENES FROM MARLOWE'S "EDWARD II" - PIERS GAVESTON AD 1312: Gaveston is created Lord High Chamberlain by the King (563-594): the Bishop of Coventry enters and is degraded by Gaveston (634): Gaveston is seized as a disturber of the peace (653): he is tried by his peers (679): he is led off by the executioner (684): 
EPISODE 7; THE KINGMAKER (SHAKESPEARE AD 1464): King Louis of France receives Queen Margaret, Warwick who is present hears the news of King Edward's marriage (690-719): Louis and his retinue depart (759): Warwick, having returned, seizes Edward (782):
EPISODE 8; THE CHARTERS AD 1564: the Charter being given to Warwick School (788-817): Ambrose Dudley arrives (830): 
EPISODE 9: THE NINE DAYS QUEEN AD 1533: Thomas Fisher is condemned to death for treason, but is saved by Dame Fisher who falls on his breast as the soldiers are about to fire; the captain of the soldiers frees them both (836-844):
REEL 2: EPISODE 10; ELIZABETH AD 1572: a scriviner is put in the stocks (849-867): a meeting of councillors at Stratford (875): a procession with the Earl of Leycester (923): Queen Elizabeth arrives at Warwick Castle (940): Leycester kisses her hand (973): the Queen holds court (1010): the boys of King's County School, Warwick cheer the Queen (1020): boys and girls perform a pastoral dance before the Queen (1100): the Queen leaves for the island in the Avon by barge (1174): the Queen returns and disembarks (1307): 
THE MARCH PAST: all the characters in the pageant form a procession and march past the camera (1312–1585) THE END (1588).
Pageant House.
The large house next to the Court House in Jury Street, Warwick, belonged in the nineteenth century to the influential Greenway family, and by 1850 its garden had extended behind the Court House to a gateway into Castle Street. George Cattell Greenway became Town Clerk and a partner with his brother Kelynge Greenway, in Greenway, Smith and Greenways Bank; both were implicated in the bank’s spectacular failure in 1887 and served terms in jail. The house was on the market at the time of the Pageant, and No. 2 Jury Street was used in 1905 and 1906 for the purposes of the Pageant by the generosity of Sir E. Montague Nelson. Afterwards it was bought with the proceeds and presented to the town; it became the Pageant House and its enlarged garden, the Pageant Garden, is now a much valued green oasis in the town centre, and is widely used for wedding photographs.
Parker biography.
Louis Napoleon Parker was born in Calvados, France, of American parents in 1852. At the age of 17, he entered the Royal Academy of Music in London and was Director of Music at Sherborne School, Dorset from 1874 to 1892. His first Pageant was held in the grounds of Sherborne Castle, in 1905, to celebrate “1,200 years of the town, the bishopric and the school”, followed by Warwick in 1906 and Bury St Edmunds in 1907. 1908 saw him in Dover, and in 1909 Colchester and York. He announced in 1911 that more than 15,000 performers had gone through his hands, and audiences had reached a quarter of a million – and $75,000 had gone to charities… After developing this hugely successful genre from nothing, he let others take over – indeed “Pageantitis” had swept over Britain, and rivals started their own shows, starting at Oxford in 1907. After about 1910 Louis N. Parker concentrated once more on being a playwright. In 1913 Emma Angeline Armstrong, a playwright from Minneapolis, brought a plagiarism charge in Federal Court against Parker, claiming that his pageant play "Joseph and His Brethren" was stolen from her play "At the Foot of the Throne". He died in 1944, in Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="21451929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451929" title="F.C. Porto in international club football">
F.C. Porto in international club football

Futebol Clube do Porto is the most successful Portuguese professional association football team in international club competitions, with seven titles. The club has won the UEFA Champions League twice (in 1987, as the European Cup, and 2004), the UEFA Europa League twice (in 2003, as the UEFA Cup, and 2011), the UEFA Super Cup once (in 1987), and the now-defunct Intercontinental Cup twice (in 1987 and 2004). They were also a Cup Winners' Cup runner-up in 1984, their first European final.
Porto first participated in international club competitions in 1956, when they won the domestic league and qualified for the second season of the European Cup. They lost their first European match against Athletic Bilbao and were eliminated in the first round. Porto then debuted in the non-UEFA affiliated Inter-Cities Fairs Cup in 1962–63, in the Cup Winners' Cup in 1964–65, and in the UEFA Cup (Fairs Cup successor) and UEFA Champions League (European Cup successor) at their inaugural editions in 1971–72 and 1992–93, respectively. They have qualified for UEFA competitions every year since 1974, and appeared 18 times in the UEFA Champions League, behind only Manchester United (19), and tied for second alongside Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Until their 1986–87 European Cup success, Porto were the only one of Portugal's "Big Three" clubs without an international trophy – Benfica had won two consecutive European Cup titles in 1961 and 1962, and Sporting were Cup Winners' Cup victors in 1964. As European champions, Porto earned the right to contest the UEFA Super Cup and the Intercontinental Cup. They won both titles in their first appearance and are the only Portuguese team to have won either of these competitions.
Tomislav Ivić and José Mourinho are Porto's most successful coaches, each with two international titles. Former Portuguese international goalkeeper Vítor Baía holds the club record for the most appearances in international competitions (99), while Colombian striker Radamel Falcao is the top goalscorer, with 22 goals.
History.
Early decades (1956–77).
Porto first participated in International Club Competitions in 1956, when they took part in the second edition of the European Cup. Qualification for this competition – contested between Europe's national champions – was secured after Porto won their fourth Primeira Liga title in the previous season. Their debut was in a preliminary round against Spanish champions Atlético Bilbao. At their new home ground, the Estádio das Antas, Porto lost their first international match 2–1, and were eliminated a week later after a 3–2 defeat in Bilbao. Porto returned two years later but fell at the same stage. After three seasons without qualifying for European competitions, Porto finished the 1961–62 league as runners-up and entered the non-UEFA affiliated Inter-Cities Fairs Cup for the first time in 1962–63. They were knocked out in the first round by Dinamo Zagreb, who secured a draw in Yugoslavia after winning in Portugal. Porto returned to the Fairs Cup in the following season, but again did not advance past the first round.
The Cup Winners's Cup was a competition open to domestic cup winners or losing finalists (if the winners had already qualified for the European Cup). Porto qualified for this tournament for the first time in 1964–65, after losing the 1964 Portuguese Cup final against league champions Benfica. Porto progressed from the first round of a European competition for the first time, after a 4–0 aggregate victory over French Cup winners Lyon, but fell in the next round to 1860 Munich. At the end of that season, Porto finished runners-up to Benfica in the league and qualified for the following season's Fairs Cup. The club's performance was similar to that of the previous campaign: a first-round elimination of a French team (Stade Français) followed by a second-round loss to a German team (Hannover 96), which included a 5–0 away defeat that was, at the time, Porto's heaviest in Europe. They took part in the Fairs Cup in the following two seasons, but could not progress beyond the first round. In the first case, Porto were eliminated by the flip of a coin, after extra-time was not enough to break the tie with Bordeaux.
In 1968, the club won their third Portuguese Cup and qualified for the 1968–69 Cup Winners' Cup. As in previous years, they were unable to get past the second round, losing 4–1 on aggregate to Slovan Bratislava. Porto's last participation in the Fairs Cup, in 1969–70, also ended in the second round, with a defeat against holders Newcastle United. Domestically, Porto finished the league in an all-time low ninth place, thus failing to qualify for European competition in the 1970–71 season. They returned the following season to participate in the inaugural edition of the UEFA Cup, which officially replaced the Fairs Cup, but their debut against Nantes resulted in another premature exit. Porto returned to this tournament in four of the following five seasons, the exception being 1973–74, when the club failed qualification for European competitions. In the first of those seasons (1972–73), Porto reached the third round of a European competition for the first time, but were eliminated by Dynamo Dresden. They beat Barcelona in the first round, in what was the teams' first European encounter and the only time Porto eliminated the Spanish side from European competitions. In the 1975–76 UEFA Cup, Porto were again eliminated in the third round, but in the process they beat Luxembourg's Avenir Beggen with record-breaking home (7–0) and aggregate (10–0) win scores. In the first round of the following season's UEFA Cup, Porto were matched with Schalke 04. After a tie in the first leg, Porto squandered a 2–0 lead in the second leg, conceding three goals in the last 15 minutes, and were eliminated.
First final – Pedroto years (1977–84).
Head coach José Maria Pedroto oversaw Porto's victory over Braga in the 1977 Portuguese Cup final, which ensured the club's participation in the 1977–78 Cup Winners' Cup. After overcoming FC Köln in the first round, Porto met Manchester United for the first time in international club competition. Reactions to the second round draw predicted an easy task for the English team, but Porto stunned its visitors and Europe with a 4–0 win. In Old Trafford, Manchester United pressed hard and even benefited from two own goals, but their 5–2 win was insufficient to prevent a shocking elimination at the hands of Porto. Playing in a quarter-final round for the first time, they were defeated by the eventual competition winners, Anderlecht.
Porto finished the season at the top of the Primeira Liga, ending a 19-year drought of league titles. In their return to the European Cup, they were eliminated in the first round after suffering their heaviest defeat in European competitions: 6–1 against AEK Athens. Porto secured back-to-back league titles to participate in the 1979–80 European Cup. They eliminated Milan in the first round, with a second-leg 1–0 win at San Siro, and advanced to a second-round contest with Real Madrid. Two goals from Fernando Gomes granted a 2–1 home win for Porto, but Real's goal proved crucial to secure their qualification on the away goals rule, after a 1–0 win in Madrid. Porto spent their following five seasons competing either in the UEFA Cup or Cup Winners' Cup. In the 1980–81 and 1982–83 UEFA Cup editions, Porto was eliminated in the second round by Grasshoppers and Anderlecht, respectively. In between, the club sailed into the 1981–82 Cup Winners' Cup quarter-finals, where they were beaten by the eventual runners-up Standard Liège.
Porto lost the 1983 Portuguese Cup final to league champions Benfica, which allowed their participation in the 1983–84 Cup Winners' Cup as losing cup finalists. They eliminated Dinamo Zagreb, Rangers, and Shakhtar Donetsk to reach their first European semi-final. The competition draw paired Porto with the holders Aberdeen, managed by Alex Ferguson. Taking a 1–0 lead to Pittodrie, Porto resisted to the attacking pressure of their opponents. In the 76th minute, Vermelhinho scored the only goal of the match, which confirmed Porto's place in their first-ever European final. "We simply were not good enough against Porto", said Ferguson in the aftermath. This feat was met with such enthusiasm that the plane returning the team to Porto could not land because the runway had been invaded by supporters. The final against Juventus was contested at the former St. Jakob Stadium in Basel, where Portuguese supporters were a minority. The Italians were the favourites and started off well, taking the lead through Beniamino Vignola in the 13th minute. Seventeen minutes later, António Sousa equalised for Porto, but the Portuguese side could not prevent Zbigniew Boniek from scoring Juventus's winning goal just before half-time. Despite the defeat, this final was a stepping stone in the growth of the club's international reputation.
First titles – Artur Jorge and Ivić years (1984–91).
Victory in the 1984 Portuguese Cup final ensured Porto's return to the Cup Winners' Cup in 1984–85, but they were surprisingly knocked out in the first round by Welsh Cup runners-up Wrexham. In January 1985, having left his job because of health problems, Pedroto died; he was succeeded by his apprentice Artur Jorge. Porto won the 1984–85 Primeira Liga and qualified for the 1985–86 European Cup, where they first beat an Ajax side guided by Johan Cruyff and featuring Ronald Koeman, Frank Rijkaard and Marco van Basten. Porto then faced Barcelona in the second round; after a 2–0 loss at Camp Nou, Juary scored all three goals of Porto's 3–1 win, which was insufficient to avoid elimination on the away goals rule.
Porto defended their league title to earn a place in the 1986–87 European Cup. They faced Malta's Rabat Ajax in the first round, but had to play their home leg away from the Estádio das Antas (in Vila do Conde), because the pitch was being lowered to increase the stadium capacity. The Maltese suffered a 9–0 defeat, which is still Porto's biggest home win for European competitions. In the second round, they played the Czechoslovak champions TJ Vítkovice; Porto lost 1–0 in Ostrava but overcame the disadvantage with a 3–0 home win. They then eliminated Brøndby of Denmark to advance to the European Cup semi-finals for the first time, where they were drawn against Dynamo Kyiv. The Soviets were considered strong favourites to progress, but Porto won both legs with a 2–1 scoreline and confirmed their second European final in four seasons.
Standing between Porto and the European title were three-time champions Bayern Munich, who knocked out Real Madrid in the other semi-final and had the odds in their favour. Moreover, Porto's centre-back Lima Pereira and striker Fernando Gomes had suffered leg injuries and were deemed unfit to play. With the final scheduled for Vienna's Praterstadion, support for the Bavarian team far outnumbered that for Porto. Bayern took the lead in the 26th minute through Ludwig Kögl and secured it until the 77th minute, when Rabah Madjer's backheel equaliser became one of the most memorable goals in European Cup finals. Three minutes later, Madjer provided the cross for Juary's match-deciding volley. This victory was celebrated in Portugal and praised by the European press, which highlighted the Porto's second-half resurgence and the key contributions of Madjer, Juary and Paulo Futre in the team's success. Having witnessed their Lisbon rivals lift European trophies in the 1960s (Benfica's back-to-back European Cup wins in 1961 and 1962, and Sporting's successful Cup Winners' Cup run in 1964), this win meant that Porto were no longer the only "Big Three" club in Portugal without international silverware.
Soon after the final, Artur Jorge left Porto to coach French team Matra Racing; his substitute was Tomislav Ivić. As European Cup winners, Porto contested the 1987 European Super Cup against Ajax, the 1986–87 Cup Winners' Cup holders. Porto won the first leg 1–0 in Amsterdam, and two months later repeated the result at home, becoming the competition's first Portuguese winners. In between, Porto traveled to Japan to contest the 1987 Intercontinental Cup against the 1987 Copa Libertadores winners, Peñarol of Uruguay. A severe snowstorm hit Tokyo on the day of the match, which nearly forced its postponement. Despite the poor weather conditions, the game went ahead. Porto took the lead just before half-time but conceded the equaliser in the final minutes of the second half. In extra-time, Madjer lobbed a ball from the midfield over Peñarol's goalkeeper; it landed on the snow a few feet away from the goal line, but with enough impulse to roll into the goal and secure Porto's (and Portugal's) first Intercontinental Cup title.
As holders, Porto were automatically qualified for the 1987–88 European Cup, but their previous season's success was not emulated as they were eliminated in the second round by Real Madrid. Ivić departed with a league title and Artur Jorge was brought back with the 1988–89 season underway. In the 1988–89 European Cup, Porto were knocked out by the holders, PSV Eindhoven, after a heavy 5–0 away defeat. Finishing second in the 1988–89 Primeira Liga, Porto entered the UEFA Cup, seven years after their last participation. They eliminated Flacăra Moreni of Romania and Valencia, before falling in the third round to Hamburg. Returning to the European Cup in 1990–91, Porto began their campaign beating the Northern Irish champions Portadown (13–1 on aggregate, including an 8–1 away win, the club's biggest in European competitions) and Dinamo Bucureşti (4–0). In the quarter-finals, they faced Bayern Munich for the first time since the 1987 final. After securing a 1–1 draw in Munich, Porto were beaten 2–0 at home.
Champions League regular (1991–2002).
Porto entered the 1991–92 Cup Winners' Cup following their seventh Portuguese Cup final win in mid-1991, but their campaign ended in the second round against Tottenham. In the 1992–93 season, UEFA renamed the European Cup to UEFA Champions League and confirmed the introduction of a round-robin group stage, tested in the previous season. Apart from 1994–95, when they competed for the last time in the Cup Winners' Cup – being eliminated on penalties in the quarter-finals against Sampdoria – Porto were present in every edition of the Champions League from its founding season to 1999–2000. In the first edition, Porto overcame two preliminary rounds to reach the group stage, where they played IFK Göteborg, Milan, and PSV Eindhoven. Two wins in six matches resulted in a third place in the group and failure to progress to the final (only accessible for the group winners). They returned the following season to the group stage and were drawn against Anderlecht, Werder Bremen, and Milan. Buoyed by a 5–0 away defeat of the Germans, Porto secured the group's runner-up place and a semi-final meeting with Barcelona. The one-legged tie was drawn to take place at Camp Nou, and ended with a 3–0 victory for the home side.
The 1995–96 UEFA Champions League participation was short-lived as Porto finished outside of their group's top two places. The following season, they were drawn into a group with Milan for the third time in four participations. Having failed to beat the Italians in their previous meetings, Porto were on the verge of suffering another defeat in San Siro, as they trailed Milan by 2–1 with 20 minutes to go. However, two goals by Mário Jardel overturned the score and sealed the win for Porto. They were confirmed as group winners after victories over IFK Göteborg and Rosenborg. In the quarter-finals, they fell to Manchester United after a 4–0 away loss. Porto did not progress past the group stage of the two subsequent Champions League seasons, coming last in 1997–98 and third in 1998–99. The club got back on track in the 1999–2000 season, overcoming two consecutive group stages to meet Bayern Munich in the quarter-finals. Having drawn 1–1 in Portugal, Bayern took an early lead in the second leg; Porto leveled the score in the 88th minute, but one minute later, the Germans scored the winning goal.
Sporting won the 1999–2000 Primeira Liga and ended Porto's chances to clinch a record sixth consecutive title. As runners-up, Porto had to go through a qualifying round to reach the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League group stage. However, a loss to Anderlecht meant elimination and consequent transfer into that season's UEFA Cup, where they were beaten in the quarter-finals by the eventual winners, Liverpool. Having lost the 2000–01 season's league title to city rivals Boavista, Porto had to start their 2001–02 Champions League participation in the second qualifying round. They defeated Welsh side Barry Town and Grasshoppers to reach the first group stage, where they finished runners-up to Juventus. In the second group stage, Porto registered four losses in six matches, finishing in the fourth and last place. Domestically, the club concluded the league in third place, just outside the Champions League qualification places. Midway through the season, Porto sacked coach Octávio Machado and hired 38-year-old Portuguese coach José Mourinho, who had led Leiria to their best-ever league finish.
Return to glory – Mourinho years (2002–04).
Sitting fifth in the league, Porto consolidated their performances following Mourinho's arrival and registered a win–draw–loss record of 11–2–2 to climb to third place and qualify for the 2002–03 UEFA Cup. They progressed through the first four rounds with convincing wins, suffering only one defeat against French side Lens. In the quarter-finals, Porto were surprised at home with a 1–0 home defeat against Panathinaikos. In Athens, Derlei scored in the 16th minute to tie the round, and added a second goal in the first half of extra-time to propel Porto into the semi-finals. Facing Lazio at home for the first leg, Porto conceded an early goal by Claudio López. A few minutes later, Maniche's equaliser sparked a strong attacking display by the home team, which scored a further three goals to secure a significant advantage for the second leg. In Rome, a goalless draw confirmed Porto's presence in their third major European competition final, the first since their 1987 European Cup victory. Their opponents were Celtic, who had eliminated Boavista in the other semi-final to advance to their first European final since 1970.
Scheduled for 21 May 2003 at Seville's Estadio Olímpico, the 2003 UEFA Cup Final took place under an intense heat, which did not dissuade a 53,000-strong crowd of supporters, mostly in favour of the Scottish team. A contested first half was heading into half-time when, during injury time, Derlei put Porto ahead. Soon after the restart, Henrik Larsson headed Celtic's equaliser, but Dmitri Alenichev restored Porto's lead a few minutes later. Larsson again leveled the score, sending the match into extra-time. Despite Baldé's dismissal in the first half of extra-time, Celtic held on until the 115th minute, when Derlei intercepted a blocked shot and beat the goalkeeper to score the winning goal. His 12th goal in the competition confirmed him as the top scorer (ahead of Larsson), and inscribed Porto (and Portugal) into the list of UEFA Cup winners, for the first time. With their first Primeira Liga title in four years mathematically confirmed two weeks ahead of the Seville final, Mourinho then led Porto to victory in the Portuguese Cup final, against his former club, Leiria, to conclude a treble-winning season.
In late August, Porto kicked off their 2003–04 European season with a loss in the 2003 UEFA Super Cup match against the 2002–03 UEFA Champions League winners, Milan. Two weeks later, they began their 2003–04 UEFA Champions League campaign in a group comprising Real Madrid, Marseille, and Partizan. Porto qualified for the knockout phase as group runners-up, behind Real Madrid, who inflicted their only group stage defeat. The draw for the round of 16 paired Porto with Manchester United, with the first leg taking place in Portugal. In the first European club competition match at the Estádio do Dragão, Porto won 2–1 with goals from Benni McCarthy. At Old Trafford, Paul Scholes put the English side ahead in the match and in the round (advantage on away goals). On the brink of elimination, Porto earned a free kick in the 90th minute; McCarthy's shot was blocked near the line by goalkeeper Tim Howard, but Costinha caught the rebound and scored the equaliser that took Porto through to the next round. In the quarter-finals, they overcame another French team (Lyon) to advance to the Champions League semi-finals for the first time since 1994. Porto faced Deportivo La Coruña, who had convincingly eliminated the previous season's finalists, Juventus and Milan. A goalless first leg match in Portugal postponed the decision to the Estadio Riazor, where a penalty kick converted by Derlei confirmed Porto's second major European final in two consecutive seasons. The other finalists were AS Monaco, who had eliminated Real Madrid and Chelsea.
The Arena AufSchalke in Gelsenkirchen hosted the final, which provided one of the most lopsided results in European Cup and Champions League finals, as Porto defeated Monaco 3–0. Despite the score, Monaco were a pressing side and started off better with dangerous incursions into Porto's penalty area by captain Ludovic Giuly, who was replaced midway through the first half due to injury. In the 38th minute, Carlos Alberto opened the score for Porto. Despite one goal behind and without playmaker Giuly, Monaco created chances in the second half, but Alenichev and Deco set each other up for the second and third goals, respectively. Porto won UEFA's premier competition for the second time and became the second club to win the UEFA Cup and the European Champion Club's Cup in consecutive seasons, after Liverpool's 1975–76 UEFA Cup and 1976–77 European Cup wins. This was Mourinho's last match for Porto; a week later, he was presented as Chelsea's manager.
Post-Mourinho transition and Ferreira years (2004–10).
Champions League success struck a hard blow in the team, which saw its influential coach and key players leave to clubs from prominent European leagues. To replace Mourinho, Porto signed Luigi Delneri but the Italian was sacked before overseeing an official match, and his place was taken by Víctor Fernández. His tenure did not start off well, as Porto lost the UEFA Super Cup for the second time in two years, going down 2–1 against Valencia. Filling the Champions League title-holder spot in the group stage of the following season's tournament, Porto were drawn together with Chelsea, which meant Mourinho's return to the Estádio do Dragão. In the last group match, they hosted the Londoners in need of a win to assure qualification. As Damien Duff put Chelsea ahead, Porto were at risk of becoming the first holders not to get past the group stage, but goals from Diego and McCarthy saved Porto from premature elimination. Nevertheless, the defending champions were subsequently knocked out in the round of 16, after losing 4–2 on aggregate against Inter. Before this tie, Porto returned to Japan to contest the last edition of the Intercontinental Cup, 17 years after their first triumph. They dominated Colombia's Once Caldas for most of the 90 minutes plus extra-time, but were unable to score. It took 18 kicks from the penalty mark to decide the match 8–7 for Porto and give the club their second and last title in this competition.
Despite the managerial instability – Fernández was replaced by José Couceiro soon after their Champions League elimination – and weak performances in league matches, Porto finished runners-up to Benfica and secured qualification for the 2005–06 UEFA Champions League group stage. Dutch coach Co Adriaanse was appointed as the new coach for the 2005–06 season, and although his team delivered domestically – reclaiming both Portuguese league and Cup titles – it disappointed in the Champions League, as Porto finished last of their group, with one win and three losses. In reaction to Adriaanse's resignation in the summer of 2006, the club signed experienced coach Jesualdo Ferreira from Boavista. Porto qualified from their Champions League group with the same points as Arsenal, but behind on head-to-head standings. Paired with Chelsea in the round of 16, Porto drew the first leg match in Portugal but were eliminated with a 2–1 loss in London.
Porto won three consecutive Primeira Liga titles with Ferreira, ensuring their presence in the three subsequent Champions League seasons. In 2007–08, Porto fell again in the round of 16, losing to Schalke 04 in a penalty shootout. In the following season's round of 16, they eliminated Atlético Madrid on away goals and progressed to a quarter-final tie with Manchester United. A two-all draw in Manchester gave Porto the upper hand in the round, but a Cristiano Ronaldo goal in the opening minutes of the return leg ended their European run. The 2009–10 UEFA Champions League season was Ferreira's last in charge of Porto, and like in previous years, he successfully guided the team past the group stage. In the round of 16, a 2–1 home win over Arsenal was obliterated by a 5–0 defeat in London, which included a hat-trick from Nicklas Bendtner. Domestically, Porto failed to win a fifth consecutive league title and their third place finish excluded them from competing in the 2010–11 Champions League. However, victory in the Portuguese Cup final confirmed the club's entry in the play-off round of the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League.
Villas-Boas and Pereira years (2010–present).
Ferreira stepped down at the end of the 2009–10 season and was replaced by André Villas-Boas, a former assistant of Mourinho at Porto, Chelsea, and Inter. In a single season, Villas-Boas guided the team to a record-matching four titles, including victory in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League. Their triumphant campaign started in the play-off round, where they overcame Belgian side Genk to reach the group stage. Porto topped their group undefeated, only dropping points against Beşiktaş. In the round of 32, despite a second-leg home loss, they eliminated the 2005–06 and 2006–07 UEFA Cup winners Sevilla, setting up a tie with CSKA Moscow. Porto defeated the Russians in both legs and advanced to the quarter-finals, where they were paired against another Muscovite club, this time Spartak Moscow. Two prolific displays, which included a hat-trick by Radamel Falcao, sealed a 10–3 aggregate win for Porto. In the semi-finals, Falcao went one better and scored four goals in a first-leg 5–1 win against Villarreal, which all but confirmed the club's fourth major European final. The Dublin final was an all-Portuguese affair between Porto and Primeira Liga rivals Braga. Contrasting with previous matches in the tournament, Porto's performance was more contained and victory was secured with a single goal by Falcao, who became the competition's top scorer.
In June 2011, Villas-Boas left Porto to become Chelsea's manager. He took his technical staff to London, except his assistant coach Vítor Pereira, who became the club's new coach. His first European match was against Barcelona, for the 2011 UEFA Super Cup. In their third appearance in the Monaco showpiece match, Porto left once again as runners-up, after losing 2–0. They did not get through the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League group stage, after conceding defeats to APOEL and Zenit St. Petersburg, the eventual group winners and runners-up. Transferred to the UEFA Europa League round of 32, the defending champions were knocked out by Manchester City with a 6–1 aggregate loss. As 2011–12 Primeira Liga winners, Porto assured their return to the Champions League in the following season. Having finished second to Paris Saint-Germain in a group containing Dinamo Zagreb and Dynamo Kiev, Porto qualified to the round of 16, where they faced tournament debutants Málaga. Unable to capitalize on a first-leg 1–0 advantage, Porto lost 2–0 at La Rosaleda Stadium and were eliminated.
Records.
Finals.
Matches won after regular time (90 minutes of play), extra-time (aet) or a penalty shootout (p) are highlighted in green, while losses are highlighted in red.

</doc>
<doc id="21451948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451948" title="Intermediate Certificate">
Intermediate Certificate

The Intermediate Certificate was a certificate awarded in Australia for the successful completion of three years of high school. This was at around age 14 — what is called Year 9 today. Currently students in New South Wales can leave school at age 15. Apparently this has been the case since 1943. A student who wanted to enter University also needed a Leaving certificate, for the completion of another two years. Both were based on external examinations. The Intermediate Certificate was abolished in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="21451951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451951" title="Baltimore Equitable Society">
Baltimore Equitable Society

Baltimore Equitable Society/Insurance, until 2003 was located at the original headquarters of the Eutaw Savings Bank, is a historic bank building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Originally built as the headquarters for the Eutaw Savings Bank, it is a two-story building with brownstone front and brick sides. It was constructed in 1857 in the Italian Renaissance style. The Eutaw Savings Bank moved across the street in 1887 to what is now the Baltimore Grand, and the building was acquired by the Baltimore Equitable Society in 1889. The Baltimore Equitable Society is the oldest corporation in the city and the third-oldest fire insurance company in the United States.
Baltimore Equitable Society was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The building is occupied by a restaurant.
Baltimore Equitable Society/Insurance is now located in downtown Baltimore at One Charles Center, 100 North Charles Street, Suite 640, Baltimore, MD 21201.
Fire mark.
The Sign of the Clasped Hands, so frequently seen on the exterior of houses in the region, means that the home is (or was) insured by the Baltimore Equitable Society (Baltimore Equitable Insurance). The Society chose the clasped hands, depicting the hand of the company and the hand of the policy holder shaking, symbolizing the agreement by both parties to the contract of insurance. Called a “fire mark,” this sign of coverage was once just as important as the paper policy document.
In Europe insurance companies owned the fire companies that fought the fires. At one time fire companies would only extinguish the fire if the home had the proper fire mark.
This was never the case in the United States. Here, Benjamin Franklin established public and volunteer fire departments that responded to fire danger regardless of insurance arrangements. Still, the fire mark was a very important feature of most insurance companies of that day. The society still gives the fire mark to any person insured with Baltimore Equitable who wishes to receive it. It is numbered and painted in the traditional black with gold leaf.
History.
On January 21, 1794, a number of respectable citizens assembled to establish a fire insurance company similar to that created in Philadelphia by Benjamin Franklin. This meeting gave rise to the birth of the Baltimore Equitable Society. 
By February 10, 1794, a constitution had been drawn to govern the new company, the Baltimore Equitable Society for Insuring of Houses From Loss By Fire. Policy Number 1 was issued on April 10, 1794 to Humphrey Pierce on his three story brick house on Baltimore Street. By December 27 of its first year of operation, the Society was incorporated, making it older than Baltimore City itself, which was not incorporated until three years later. 
At the conclusion of the Society's first year of business, 104 policies had been written for a total coverage of $129,016. Expenses for the first year of Society business equalled $300.69 including salaries and rent. Detailed accounts were kept, noting charges of $1.33 for a pewter ink stand and $.50 for 50 quills. 
Nearly two years after incorporation, on December 4, 1796, the Society sustained its first loss from fire when William Hawkins' two brick houses at Light and Baltimore Streets (now the site of the Nations Bank Building) were destroyed. The blaze consumed a number of other businesses, homes and a church in what amounted to the city's "Great Fire" to that date. With this first loss, began the Society's tradition of prompt and full payment to the policyholder.
Baltimore Equitable insured the property of a number of the City's prominent citizens. In 1803, Charles Carroll of Carrollton, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, insured four brick buildings on the north side of King George Street (now Lombard) between Stillhouse Street (now Front) and Jones' Falls. In 1838, Homewood the home of Charles Carroll Jr. now on the Johns Hopkins University campus, was first insured. When the owner cancelled this policy in 1866, the Society refunded the entire original payment. Then in 1903, when Johns Hopkins University acquired the mansion, the university insured it again.
The Society was an eyewitness to the tumultuous times which the nineteenth century presented to the nation. In 1814, the British burned Washington and turned toward Baltimore where they intended to do the same. Francis Scott Key watched the bombardment of Fort McHenry from the harbor where he penned the poem which became our national anthem. Six months after the British forces were defeated at the Battle of Baltimore and the city had been spared the destruction it had feared, the Society expressed its relief. The minutes recorded at its annual meeting on April 3, 1815, noted, "Peace and the restoration of tranquility...(leave) the board the opportunity and satisfaction to record... that there was no loss sustained." Had the British been successful in their land and sea attacks on Baltimore, the minutes would have told of a very different outcome.
While the 1860s saw life in Baltimore altered, the period also brought change to the Baltimore Equitable Society. On March 13, 1865, the members present at a general meeting voted to issue perpetual policies. By this point in its history, through judicious investments and careful management, the Society had accumulated a surplus sufficient to enable it to write policies for an indefinite period. The first of these policies was issued to William Clagett on his dwelling at 157 Lombard Street near Canal Street. On March 20, another perpetual policy was issued to cover "Mondawmin," the home of Isabella Brown, widow of George Brown. George was the son of Alexander Brown, founder of Alex. Brown & Sons, the city's oldest banking house. The home, originally a summer home and later the year-round residence, was located where Mondawmin Shopping Center now stands. 
The turn of the century was a time of progress and good fortune for the Society until disaster struck the city in 1904. On February 7, a wholesale dry goods house in the heart of Baltimore's business district caught fire, igniting the Great Baltimore Fire. One hundred fifty acres, including all of the original town laid out in 1730, were destroyed along with 2,500 business establishments. Miraculously, no lives were lost, but total damages reached $150 million. The Great Baltimore Fire affected 455 Baltimore Equitable policyholders and although the Society incurred losses of nearly $2 million, all policy holders were promptly paid in full.
Following the disaster of the 1904 fire, financial calamity hit the nation. From 1929 to 1939, the Great Depression took a heavy toll on the country. Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected president to lead the nation to economic recovery. During this period, fortunes were lost, companies were ruined and millions of workers were unemployed. Nevertheless, Baltimore Equitable continued to be successful. None of its surplus fund was used to pay operating expenses, and investments remained secure. In fact, assets increased by 23%. It was during this period of economic struggle that the Society created its Fire Museum, that was housed in its offices on Eutaw Street and has recently been closed.
The years from 1941 to 1945 saw thousands of Baltimoreans called to military duty in Europe and the Pacific Theater during World War II. Those service men and women who were insured by the Society went to war without the worry of annual premiums, knowing their families would be taken care of with prompt and personal claims service in the event of a loss. 
The urban unrest in 1968 changed the way some insurance companies wrote policies. As a result of the fire damage caused by the riots, some insurers refused to cover properties within the city lines. Yet Baltimore Equitable continued to write policies on homes which met underwriting requirements without regard to the invisible "red line" which was said to surround the city.
Today.
Throughout the 1980s, Baltimore Equitable's success continued, with its comprehensive perpetual homeowner's policy a hallmark of the insurance industry. 
A.M. Best Company, which evaluates the financial stability of insurance companies, has rated Baltimore Equitable Society A+ - Superior. This rating is reserved for companies which have achieved superior overall performance when compared to the norms of the property/casualty insurance industry and have shown the strongest ability to meet their policyholder and other contractual obligations.

</doc>
<doc id="21451954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451954" title="Fontignano">
Fontignano

Fontignano is a frazione of the "comune" of Perugia, Italy, located near Lake Trasimeno.
The famous High Renaissance painter Pietro Perugino died of the plague in Fontignano in 1524 and some of his masterpieces are still preserved in Fontignano.
The Renaissance painter Matteo Balducci was born in Fontignano.

</doc>
<doc id="21451957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451957" title="Daily Excelsior">
Daily Excelsior

The Daily Excelsior is an English-language newspaper published from Jammu city, in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India. It was established by S. D. Rohmetra and is being published since January 1, 1965. It claims to be the most widely circulated English daily newspaper in the state. It has a daily circulation of more than 250,000 according to its website. Its current Editors are Kamal Rohmetra and Neeraj Rohmetra. 
Online edition.
It has an extensive website and an Internet edition which started in October 1998. The online archives go back to October 21, 1998. But unfortunately due to Virus Attack all of the archives till December 31, 2009 were lost and now only archive from January 1, 2010 are available on the online Edition.
Journalist death.
On May 11, 2008 one of its photo journalists Ashok Sodhi was killed while photographing an armed confrontation between terrorists and security forces in the Samba District of Jammu & Kashmir. He’d moved closer to capture better coverage of the confrontation when a stray bullet hit him.

</doc>
<doc id="21451959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451959" title="Urophora cardui">
Urophora cardui

Urophora cardui or the Canada thistle gall fly is a fruit fly which, contrary to its common name, is indigenous to Central Europe from the United Kingdom east to near the Crimea, and from Sweden south to the Mediterranean.
Distribution.
The Canada thistle gall fly has been introduced to North America from Europe to control the population of its host plant, Canada, or creeping thistle, which is an invasive, introduced weed in North America.
Life cycle.
The fly starts life as an egg, about one to thirty of them, laid on the stems of its host plant, the Canada thistle, "Cirsium arvense", during the host's growing season. After hatching, the larvae burrow into the stem of the plant and form a gall (or swelling). During maturing, the larva will be 98% of its full body weight, and appear as an adult. The larvae pupate in early spring for 24 to 35 days, and appear reddish brown, but are still inside the gall. The fly goes through a tunnel formed in the gall during June to October.

</doc>
<doc id="21451969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451969" title="Pyrgos Kallistis">
Pyrgos Kallistis

 
Pyrgos Kallistis or simply Pyrgos (, literally 'Tower') is a picturesque village on the Aegean island of Santorini, Greece, in the Cyclades archipelago with a population of approx. 732 according to the 2001 census. Pyrgos is part of the Municipality of Thira and is situated approximately 7km away from the island's capital Fira. It is built amphitheatrically on a hill that offers magnificent views of Santorini in almost all directions. On top of this hill remain the ruins of a Venetian castle ("Kasteli") that was once the island's administrative center. Pyrgos is a typical example of medieval architecture with narrow, labyrinthine streets, fortified walls and hidden passages. Nowadays, is one of the least spoiled by tourism villages on Santorini.

</doc>
<doc id="21451979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451979" title="Cleeve Park School">
Cleeve Park School

Cleeve Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Sidcup area of the London Borough of Bexley, England.
The school previously gained Engineering College status, with support from Balfour Beatty. Cleeve Park became an academy as part of The Kemnal Academies Trust in September 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="21451980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21451980" title="Luke Smith (writer)">
Luke Smith (writer)

Luke Michael Smith is an American writer. He is a staff member at Bungie, a video game development company, and is a former video games journalist. Smith wrote for a college newspaper and weekly papers in Michigan before being hired as one of the first new freelance writers for Kotaku. At Kotaku, Smith developed his writing style but soon left the site for a staff position as 1UP.com's news editor. Smith made a name for himself at 1UP, particularly through an article he wrote focusing on problems with the game "Halo 2".
Smith was known for his direct approach to game journalism and scathing criticism of the video game industry. During his time at 1UP the site developed a greater profile and stepped out of its sister publication's shadow, but Smith grew frustrated with the contemporary state of gaming news and what he considered manipulation of journalists and readers into accepting promotional material as news. In April 2007 he left 1UP to become a Bungie writer and co-host of the developer's podcast.
Early career.
Smith gradually entered into game journalism while working on an English Literature degree at the University of Michigan, writing about media in the college newspaper. After graduation, he worked for weekly papers in Dearborn and Detroit, Michigan, including "Real Detroit Weekly." 
Clive Thompson, a games writer with "Slate", interacted with Smith over AOL Instant Messenger and the two began to bounce ideas off of each other for their respective writing projects; when games blog Kotaku started to expand from one writer (founder Brian Crecente), Thompson recommended Smith. Smith credits his time at Kotaku for helping him come into his own, develop his style and learn about attribution and citing sources, but he left after a short period of time. "At the time stories (on Kotaku) were unsigned. Kotaku was like the Brian Crecente vision. If I posted something or writer Brian Ashcraft did people thought did. Also, there was no health insurance, it was just full-time freelance."
1UP.com journalism.
Smith served as the news editor for 1UP.com, the sister site to the now-defunct magazine "Electronic Gaming Monthly". During his tenure at 1UP, Smith wrote extensively about the "Halo" video game franchise, as was considered a leading fan voice; in one article, he declared "Halo" was the only game series he cared about. Smith wrote a feature story for 1UP in 2005 called "Broken Halo", in which he explained how developer Bungie could fix problems he perceived with the game; Crecente said the article put Smith "on the map". Smith also became one of the panelists of the 1UP Yours show, a weekly video games podcast featuring gaming editors and experts. In 2006, "Edge" named him one of gaming's top 50 journalists.
"Play.d" magazine credited Smith with inspiring gamers to learn more about the game industry and not accept company promotion, as well as turning 1UP from "the bastard child of "EGM"" to an important part of the Ziff Davis Internet company's gaming network. His style has been described as a "robust, direct approach" to journalism and is known for his scathing attacks on the industry. Smith, however, felt disheartened by the state of game journalism. "Video game journalism is just weird. You have guys married to women in marketing for the games they cover. Video game journalism is still very young, very early, still trying to find out what it is," he said. In an interview with Michael Zenke of "The Escapist", Smith said he felt game journalists were treated by developers as another part of the PR plan, with developers sending out information and the journalists "regurgitating" it. Worse, Smith felt that gamers had become used to this sort of information; "We have to be responsible for our actions and held accountable when we manipulate the expectations of gamers," he told Zenke. 
While he was becoming more frustrated with the field at 1UP, game developer Bungie contacted Smith about employment. After sending the company his resume, Smith stopped writing about Bungie and Microsoft to avoid a conflict of interest. Smith accepted a job offer a month later.
Bungie.
In April 2007, Smith announced on a 1UP podcast he was leaving the site to work for Bungie. Reaction to Smith's announcement varied; some were happy or sad to see him leave, while others felt he had "sold out." Smith joined the ranks of other former game journalists who left to work for game companies, including 1UP expatriate Che Chou, who joined Microsoft Game Studios, and former Gamespot chief Greg Kasavin, who became an associate producer for Electronic Arts.
Bungie staff hinted in a weekly update that Smith might play a role in the developer's podcast. Smith officially began work on May 7, 2007, as content editor, providing fans and the Bungie readership with information about Bungie's game and staff. Smith believed that there was a special opportunity for game developers, "for someone to come in and tell the stories that people want to know [...] Right now you have four bridges between developer and reader: Developer to PR, to journalist to reader. position could get rid of those middle two bridges." 
While Bungie had historically been good at letting fans interact via forums and provided updates and artwork via their site, Bungie.net, the company's releases had a "corporate and muted tone to it," and made less effort and been less successful historically at providing access to the inner workings of the game studio. As part of a change to become more transparent, Bungie took steps repeated throughout the industry to allow fans more say and recruiting respected voices from the community—namely, Smith. Robertson credited Smith's tenure as aiding Bungie's greater focus on, "building, supporting and learning from the "Halo 3" community." 
Smith also hosted Bungie's podcast show along with co-host Brian Jarrard; in an interview with his former coworkers at 1UP, Smith said of the Bungie podcast, "we are focusing on getting our listeners and fans familiar with a bunch of the different faces at Bungie studios." Brought back after close to a year-long hiatus, the podcast now features Bungie news and interviews with staff members about their jobs and working at the studio. Smith had the title of "Bungie Community Manager" at Bungie, and has given interviews with the press about the company's recent products, including '. Smith was among other writers-turned-game developers who held a discussion on the topic at the 2009 Game Developers Conference. Smith worked on player investment for '.

</doc>
<doc id="21452000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452000" title="Glashütte Observatory">
Glashütte Observatory

Glashütte Observatory is an observatory located in Glashütte, Saxony, Germany.
Hugo Müller led the way and supplied a plot of land in Dittersdorfer Weg for the construction of an observatory, which began construction when the foundation stone was set on 27 August 1906. When the observatory opened four years later in 1910, on 26 June, it cemented Glashütte as the hub of Germany’s watchmaking industry.
It was furnished with a refracting telescope to precisely measure the Earth’s place in the Milky Way galaxy. It had some of the most accurate timepieces made at that time: a marine chronometer; and a donation from Glashütte’s leading industrialist, Ludwig Trapp, a precision pendulum clock. Finally, German watchmakers had an exact reference to precisely quantify and further improve the accuracy of their craft.
As of early 2006, Wempe has established a Chronometer Observatory at Glashütte. Official Chronometer Certificates are now being issued under the auspices of the German standards (DIN) under government oversight and authority.

</doc>
<doc id="21452012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452012" title="Elizabeth Appleton">
Elizabeth Appleton

Elizabeth Appleton is a novel by John O'Hara first published in 1963. It is about a rich New York woman born in 1910 who, at the age of 21, marries beneath her. She follows her husband to his hometown in Pennsylvania, where he enjoys a modest academic career as a history professor. There Elizabeth Appleton, the eponymous heroine, leads an inconspicuous life as a housewife and mother of two. Almost ten years into her marriage, she falls in love with a rich loafer and embarks on a passionate but secret love affair with him.
As in earlier novels, O'Hara minutely chronicles smalltown life in America in the first half of the 20th century, especially its social and sexual mores.

</doc>
<doc id="21452014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452014" title="McGraw Kaserne">
McGraw Kaserne

The McGraw Kaserne is a former military installation in southern Munich, Germany, which was used by the U.S. Military during the occupation of Germany after World War II. The main building (building number 7; 110 m × 85 m and 18 m high) was one of the first ones in Germany to be built using steel frame technology. The kaserne was named after PFC Francis X. McGraw
History.
Earlier on the area of building number 7, the main building of the later Reichszeugmeisterei, was used by the "Wagen- und Maschinenfabrik Gebr. Beißbarth OHG" until 1931. In 1933, it was bought by the Bayerische Hypotheken- und Wechselbank.
It is also said, that a farm called "Maechlerhof" was located at the same place until 1910, which was bought by the "Maurer Söhne" company (founded in 1876) for its production.
NSDAP use.
In 1934, the area was taken over by the NSDAP and was increased after 1935. The main building of the Reichszeugmeisterei (building number 7), the follow-on institution of the "SA-Wirtschaftsstelle"), was planned by the architects Paul Hofer and Karl Johann Fischer and was mostly completed in 1937. The area was used for the "Reichsautozug Deutschland" ("Reichs automobile platoon") and the "Hilfszug Bayern" ("auxiliary platoon Bavaria") car pools for the NSDAP central at the Brown House. The personnel was accommodated in number 6, 8, 10, 11, and 12. The Reichszeugmeisterei started its first activities in 1936. The "Reichsautozug Deutschland" was responsible for the technical support of mass events with loudspeaker systems and with its movie platoon. The "Hilfszug Bayern“ owned 160 vehicles for catering services at this mass events. The Reichszeugmeisterei was responsible for testing uniforms and ordnance, as well as for maintaining vehicles. This works were done by war veterans and war invalids, later also by prisoners of war. There were further units located on the area, e. g. an anti-aircraft battery and a small SS unit. During World War II the allied forces bombed only building number 19, because the area was not of strategic importance.
U.S. military use.
After the war, the area was occupied by U.S. troops on April 30, 1945, was renamed and further increased. Besides military units, there were many civilian installations for the soldiers' families located in the McGraw Kaserne, e. g. AAFES installations, the "Munich Community Club", a Commissary shop, a launderette, a gas station, a bowling alley, a dental clinic, a library, from 1950 the University of Maryland Munich campus, and others.
Building number 7 was used by the U.S. military government from 1945 to 1949, from 1952 until 1964 by the Munich branch of the Southern Area Command (SACOM), and from 1965 to 1967 by the U.S. Army Area Command (AACOM; predecessor of the U.S. Theater Army Area Support Command, Europe - USTASCOMEUR in Worms). In the end of 1968, the main building was shortly used by the unified 66th (from Stuttgart) and the 513th (from Oberursel) Military Intelligence Groups, which soon moved to building number 1, which was used earlier on by the 508th Military Police Battalion. In 1969 the HQ European Exchange System (renamed Army and Air Force Exchange Service, Europe in the 1980s) moved from the Nürnberg Palace of Justice into the main building of the McGraw Kaserne. McGraw Kaserne was the home of the 30th Army Band until 1967. During the early 1980s, McGraw Kaserne was the home to the Army Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES) and the 66th Military Intelligence Brigade.
Military family housing was primarily located about 2 km south, adjacent to Perlacher Forst.
During the U.S. use, the connection of the Bundesautobahn 995 in the South and Tegernseer Landstraße (part of the Middle Ring Road of Munich) in the North of the area was cut. In 1970 it was reconnected by digging a half-open street trench.
In 1985, 1986, 1987, 1989 and 1992 the McGraw Kaserne was scene of the Bavarian Open Championships of Racquetball.
German subsequent use.
After the U.S. forces left Munich in 1992 some offices of the local Bavarian Police moved into the McGraw Kaserne. Today building number 7 is used by a branch of the Police Headquarters of Munich. The police also uses the garages of the former "Reichsautozug Deutschland" and the "Hilfszug Bayern".
The Munich Studentenwerk owns 50 apartments in the area and some of the renovated buildings are residential buildings now. The former machine hall is planned to be converted to a multifunctional hall. Some further buildings and the garage of the "Hilfszug Bayern" might be torn down.

</doc>
<doc id="21452054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452054" title="Baltimore General Dispensary">
Baltimore General Dispensary

Baltimore General Dispensary is a historic dispensary building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is three bays wide and two stories high, with running bond red brick foundation and building walls, and a water table constricted in 1911. The front features a simple cornice surmounting a stone entablature reading: 1801 Baltimore General Dispensary 1911. It is the only surviving building designed for Baltimore’s oldest charity. The interior originally featured a large dispensary center on the first floor, separated for black and white patients. The rooms for surgical and medical aid on the second floor gave the poor a measure of privacy rarely available to charity patients.
Baltimore General Dispensary was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21452055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452055" title="Forcing function (differential equations)">
Forcing function (differential equations)

In a system of differential equations used to describe a time-dependent process, a forcing function is a function that appears in the equations and is only a function of time, not of any of the other variables. In effect, it is a constant for each value of "t".
In the more general case, any nonhomogeneous source function in any variable can be described as a forcing function, and the resulting solution can often be determined using a superposition of linear combinations of the homogeneous solutions and the forcing term.

</doc>
<doc id="21452060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452060" title="Polar (TV channel)">
Polar (TV channel)

Ciné Polar is a French television channel owned by AB Groupe.
The channel was originally only available on AB Sat and as an option on CanalSat, but is now available through a cinema contract with AB, on cable, on ADSL, and on digital television packages.
Change in cinema package :
At the same time as this was taking place, the group purchased the cinema channel Action in 1996.
At the heart of the programming are the big names in classic films noirs, notably the first works of Alfred Hitchcock.

</doc>
<doc id="21452067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452067" title="Hyper CD-ROM">
Hyper CD-ROM

The Hyper CD-ROM is an optical data storage device similar to the CD-ROM with a multilayer 3D structure, invented by Romanian scientist Dr. Eugen Pavel.
Characteristics.
The disc has a height of 1.2 mm and a diameter of 120 mm and can be produced with existing technology. The storage capacity of one such disk is 1,000,000 GB (1 PB), as storage occurs on 2 000 different levels layered inside the glass body of the disk.
In November 1999, the disk was presented at EUREKA "48th World exhibition of Innovation and New Technology" in Brussels.
The technology has gained recognition in 21 countries including the U.S., the EU, Canada, Japan and Israel.
There has not been any large-scale production of the Hyper CD-ROM, although several firms like IBM, Compaq, Philips and other Hollywood businesses have taken an interest in this form of data storage.

</doc>
<doc id="21452071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452071" title="When the Trickster Starts a-Poking">
When the Trickster Starts a-Poking

"When the Trickster Starts a-Poking (Bordello Kind of Guy)" is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, written by frontman Eugene Hütz. The song was the band's first single, and both tracks appear on their second album "Multi Kontra Culti vs. Irony", released on 17th of September 2002. The single has remained in print since its release, despite not containing any exclusive tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21452079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452079" title="Émilien de Nieuwerkerke">
Émilien de Nieuwerkerke

Count Alfred Émilien O'Hara van Nieuwerkerke (16 April 1811, Paris – 16 January 1892, Gattaiola, near Lucca) was a French sculptor of Dutch descent (his grandfather was the illegitimate son of a minor "stathouder") and a high-level civil servant in the Second French Empire. He is also notable as the lover of Princess Mathilde Bonaparte, after her estrangement from her husband Anatole Demidov.
Life.
Émilien de Nieuwerkerke was the son of the Dutch Legitimist officer Charles de Nieuwerkerke (1785, Lyon – 1864, Paris), who returned to Paris with Louis XVIII in 1815 after the Hundred Days, and Louise-Albertine de Vassan (died 1854), from a noble family from the Soissonnais. After having become a page of Charles X in 1825, he then entered the école royale de cavalerie at Saumur in 1829. However, as a legitimist, he abandoned his career on Charles X's fall in July 1830 during the July Revolution of 1830.
On 30 June 1832, aged 21, he married count Auguste de Monttessuy's daughter Thécla (1810–1884) at Auguste's château de Juvisy (the town's town hall since 1900 - Auguste had been the commune's mayor from 1823 to 1835). Thécla's brother Gustave was a diplomat and mayor of Juvisy and married Pauline de Württemberg, illegitimate daughter of Prince Paul - uncle of Mathilde Bonaparte - and of Lady Whittingham. However, the couple quickly separated on grounds of incompatibility of temperaments.
Vigorous, majestic and with a certain air to him, to which he joined physical presence, a great amenity, well-spokenness and the art of compliment - he thus became known as the "beautiful Batavian" (""beau Batave""). He was adored by women (one declared "He has the air of a resting lion"), as the Goncourts affirmed in their "Journal" of 10 November 1863 - "he at once resembles Charlemagne and a handsome "chasseur" behind the cars". In 1834, during a six month stay in Italy, he discovered and became passionate about ancient sculptures. He also became fascinated by the work of the famous sculptor Félicie de Chauveau, whom he met in Florence, and thus decided to become a sculptor himself on returning to France. He thus took classes in the studios of Pradier and baron Carlo Marochetti and attempted a statuette of his cousin Horace de Viel-Castel, who became curator of the "Musée des Souverains" at the Louvre in February 1853 and a chronicler of the imperial court. Sculpting also suited him due to the freedom that attached to it and meant that he did not have to find another. 
He took on official commissions and exhibited at the Paris Salon from 1842 with a marble bust of the comte Charles de Ganay. One of those commissions was a 4.65m high "Equestrian statue of Napoleon I", inaugurated on 20 September 1852 in the sculptor's presence by the Prince-President on 20 September 1852 on the largest square on the Perrache peninsula (now called place Carnot) in Lyon. This was destroyed between November 1870 and February 1871 and the only surviving copy of it is that inaugurated on 20 August 1854 at the centre of place Napoléon in La Roche-Sur-Yon (the former "Napoléon-Vendée"), main town and prefecture of this Napoleon-founded department. However, in 1860 the Susse foundry did cast copies in five different metals (one such copy is now at the château de Compiègne, and another was sold at Compiègne on 17 March 2001 for 30,000 francs). One of his best known other works is "The battle of the duke of Clarence", bronze copies of which were cast by the Susse foundry from 1839 to 1875 - one copy entered the English royal collection at Osborne House in 1901, and another was sold at public auction at Chartres on 23 March 2003. 
In 1845, during a trip into Italy with Henri de Bourbon, comte de Chambord, he visited the collection of the Russian millionaire Anatole Demidov and became the lover of Demidov's wife Mathilde-Létizia Bonaparte (niece of Napoleon I). The following year she left Demidov and moved to lodgings found for her by Nieuwerkerke at an "hôtel" at 10 rue de Courcelles in Paris - their liaison lasted until August 1869. Following the elimination of the Republican civil-servants, he was made director-general of museums on 25 December 1849 and installed in the Louvre the following day. 
A Colonel d'État-Major of the National Guard, he supported the coup d'état of 2 December 1851. Made a free member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts on 19 November 1853, on 5 July 1853 he became intendant des Beaux-Arts of the Emperor's Household and finally in 1870 surintendant of the Imperial Museums. Until the fall of the Second French Empire, he played a highly important rôle, acting as a kind of minister of cultural affairs. It was at his request that the painter William Wyld (of English birth but resident in Paris) was allowed to exhibit in the French section of the 1855 Exposition Universelle (the second after that in London in 1851). He was responsible for four museums (Louvre, Luxembourg, Versailles, then the Saint-Germain-en-Laye), for the objets d'art in the imperial palaces, for imperial commissions of paintings, sculptures and engravings and for the organisation of the Paris Salon. With difficulty, he also reformed the École des Beaux-Arts. He also became a senator and conseiller général for the Aisne. He was the subject of several attacks by artists and critics due to his taste veering more to old art and academicism than contemporary art - he refused to acquire works by some already-acclaimed artists such as Camille Corot who he did not appreciate.
In Paris he lived in a hôtel particulier in the Monceau quarter at 13 rue Murillo (8th arrondissement), where he lived and had his gallery and studio "that does not draw the eye". He had had it built by the imperial architect Lefuel on a parcel of land acquired from the Péreire brothers in May 1869 and completed a year later - three months before the fall of the imperial regime. That fall forced him to submit his resignation to Gambetta. Sick and fearing his arrest, he got on a train to Boulogne-sur-Mer alone in an attempt to flee to the United Kingdom. However, he was found unconscious in the train compartment and transported to Valéry-en-Caux (Somme), where he asked for safe conduct from princess Marie Cantacuzène (1821–1891), who he had met in 1862 at the house of princess Mathilde. Nieuwerkerke and his daughter Olga (1843–1929) then moved to London, where in October he tried to sell the some of the smallest of his objets d'art to the South Kensington Museum. These came from Nieuwerkerke's extraordinary collection (for which no list or inventory survives) of more than 800 historic art objects, in metal and gold, sculptures, ceramics, painted enamel, glass and furniture. It also included Medieval and Renaissance arms and armour, including 100 swords, 60 daggers, 50 helmets, 15 sets of armour or demi-armour, and the only known complete example of Gothic armour for man and horse (now in the Wallace Collection).
In April 1871 he sold his Paris hôtel to the American collector William Henry Riggs for 188,500 francs and at the end of July he gathered his collection in Paris for transport to London, where he sold it "at a costly price" (400,000 francs) to the rich English collector Sir Richard Wallace, a friend of the deposed French emperor and his wife - it is thus now in the Wallace Collection. In July 1879, on coming to assist at the funeral of the prince imperial (killed in June 1879 in Zululand) Nieuwerkerke visited Wallace. The money raised by selling his collections and hôtel allowed him to move into exile in Italy, where in May 1872 he acquired the 16th-century "villa Burlamacchi" at Gattaiola near Lucca. There he lived the last 20 years of his life with his friends the Cantacuzène princesses, even starting a smaller collection of Renaissance Italian works (though he quickly had to re-sell his acquisitions). He died aged 80 and was buried in the cemetery at Lucca where, at Olga's request, the funerary chapel was ornamented with a bust of him by the sculptor Barré. One of his obituaries was written by Philippe de Chennevières (1820–1899), his closest collaborator and director of the Beaux-Arts (resigning in 1878).
The current owner of the "villa Rossi" held many reminders of the count - anonymous photographs of his official marble busts of the imperial couple made to produce biscuit-porcelain medallions (1853), those of Olga Cantacuzène (1863) and of her husband prince Lorenzo Altieri (1876 ?), those of a Lucca peasant couple (1881) and official portraits, and one of the empress (possibly of a copy of that by Winterhalter).

</doc>
<doc id="21452095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452095" title="Lily Loveless">
Lily Loveless

Lily May Loveless (born 16 April 1990 in London) is an English actress, best known for her role as Naomi Campbell in the BAFTA award winning drama "Skins".
Career.
Loveless made her acting debut in the third series of Skins, playing the sexually confused, outspoken political activist teenager Naomi Campbell.
Loveless was a performer in Psychotic Dance Company, a dance group that specialises in street dance fused with other urban dance styles. Loveless received the 2007 Jack Petchey Achievement Award. In June 2007, she performed with the Psychotic Dance Company at the Tottenham Carnival.
In 2010, she played the character of Chloe in the adaptation of Mark Billingham's "Sleepyhead." Following this, Loveless secured many roles, including Anna in The Fades penned by former Skins writer, Jack Thorne (playing the role in both the pilot and the following series); Sadie in Sky Living's supernatural drama, Bedlam alongside Theo James, Charlotte Salt and former Skins co-stars Will Young and Hugo Speer; Bex in BBC children's drama Combat Kids; and an appearance as homeless teenage runaway, Ellie, in the final series of The Sarah Jane Adventures. She ended 2011 making her film debut in Nirpal Bhogal's Sket playing the part of Hannah. After its premiere at the London Film Festival, the film was released nationwide on 28 October 2011. She followed this with a guest appearance in the BBC drama, 'Good Cop', written by Stephen Butchard, and a role in Nihat Seven's independent film drama Candle to Water.
Outside film and television, Loveless appeared alongside actor Matthew Lewis in the promo video for A Band of Buriers 'Filth' directed by Blake Claridge.
On 16 October 2012, it was confirmed that Loveless would reprise the role of Naomi Campbell in the seventh and final series of Skins
In 2013, Loveless was awarded 'Best Newcomer' at the Monaco International Film Festival for her portrayal as Alexia in Kate Lane's Fear of Water
Personal life.
Loveless attended Millfields Community Primary School and Cardinal Pole Roman Catholic School, both situated in Hackney, East London. She revealed to NME that her favourite bands are English rock group Arctic Monkeys and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. She also said that she likes music from artists such as Florence and the Machine because it is theatrical and when she listens to music she pictures scenes in films that the music could relate to. She also plays the piano.

</doc>
<doc id="21452117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452117" title="The Cadillac Man">
The Cadillac Man

The Cadillac Man is the pen name of a homeless white American writer who lives under the railroad viaduct in Astoria, Queens, New York City. His book, " Land of the Lost Souls: My Life on the Streets" describes his experiences living on the streets. His notebooks have been excerpted in "Esquire Magazine", and his writings on street life have appeared in "The New York Times". A 2006 documentary about him has appeared in 14 film festivals. His work was part of the recommended readings for University of Pennsylvania urban studies students. 
Nickname.
Cadillac Man does not publicly state his name, but says his nickname comes from being run-over by Cadillac cars on six different occasions in 1994.
Personal life.
Cadillac Man has been married twice, and has three children. After he lost his job at a meat market in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, he began drinking.

</doc>
<doc id="21452126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452126" title="Packards Corner (MBTA station)">
Packards Corner (MBTA station)

Packards Corner (sometimes announced as Brighton Avenue/Packards Corner) is a station on the MBTA Green Line "B" Branch located in Allston, Massachusetts. The station is located at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Brighton Avenue, in the neighborhood of Packard's Corner. The Green Line "A" Branch used to diverge here just north of the platforms; its trolleys stopped at a separate Packards Corner stop at Malvern Road.
Gallery.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21452133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452133" title="Little Korab Gate">
Little Korab Gate

Little Korab Gate (; ) is a mountain pass on the border of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. Little Korab Gate is located southwest of the main Mount Korab summit, which is the highest mountain of both countries. Little Korab Gate is high. It is 403 m higher than Big Korab Gate, on the northern slope of Mount Korab.

</doc>
<doc id="21452144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452144" title="Mountain Harvest Festival">
Mountain Harvest Festival

The Mountain Harvest Festival is a 3 day event in downtown Paonia, Colorado held during the last weekend of September. There are musical acts, poetry, an art show, a chili cook off, a street dance, crafts, wine tasting, as well as classes on canning, raising livestock and sustainable living.
Included in the weekends events are farm tours, workshops in permaculture, beekeeping and raising chickens and goats.

</doc>
<doc id="21452153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452153" title="Kitwana Jones">
Kitwana Jones

Kitwana Shaloyd Jones (born July 7, 1981 in Wilmington, North Carolina) is a Canadian football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders as an undrafted free agent in 2005. Jones has also played professionally for the Edmonton Eskimos. He played college football at the University of North Carolina and Hampton University.
Playing career.
College football.
Jones started his college football career at the University of North Carolina (UNC), where he saw playing time as a true freshman in 2000. He played mainly on special teams at North Carolina. He also spent time practicing as a fullback. Jones left the UNC football program for disciplinary reasons and then joined Hampton University for his final two seasons of college football. While at Hampton, Jones started 19 games, including 11 in his senior season. After his 2003 season, Jones was named All-Conference (Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) and Division I-AA All-America.
Professional football.
Jones started his professional career in the Canadian Football League (CFL) when he was signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in March, 2005. He made his debut with the club in Week 10 of the 2005 CFL season. He finished his rookie CFL season with 15 tackles (11 on special teams) and one quarterback sack. Jones played on defense and special teams for the Roughriders in 2006, finishing the season with 31 tackles and eight quarterback sacks. During the 2006 season, Jones twice recorded two sacks in a game. The Roughriders captured the 2007 Grey Cup, with Jones playing defensive end and linebacker as well playing on special teams. During the Western Final, Jones had two fumble recoveries. Jones played defensive end full-time for the Roughriders in the 2008 season and led the team in sacks with five.
Prior to the 2009 season, Jones was traded to the Edmonton Eskimos in return for quarterback Juan Joseph. Jones played in nine games for the Eskimos before being released. After his release, he had offers to join the Roughriders or the Montreal Alouettes, and Jones elected to sign back with the Roughriders. Roughriders director of player personnel Joe Womack admitted that trading Jones had been a mistake: "Eric (Tillman, Saskatchewan's GM) and myself and Ken (Miller, the Roughriders' head coach) admittedly probably made a mistake -- and that's OK to admit that; teams do it all the time." Joseph, the player the Roughriders received in exchange for Jones was released by the club after training camp. Jones finished the 2009 season with 14 tackles.
Heading into the 2010 season, Jones was not mentioned among the top contenders on the Roughriders to replace departing defensive linemen John Chick and Stevie Baggs, which suited him fine, "I’m always the undersized guy at my position. There are things that I have to do to remain a Roughrider but I know that I’m in a fight. Then again, I’m always fighting." Jones also sees significant playing time on special teams, where he is considered by some to be among the CFL's best.
On Mar 13, 2011, Jones signed with the Montreal Alouettes.
On May 7, 2012, Jones was released by the Alouettes.
Personal.
Jones grew up in Wilmington, North Carolina, where he was one of ten children. He attended Emsley A. Laney High School, the alma mater of Michael Jordan. Jones also spent a year at Fork Union Military Academy. He has one son, Tyleke, whom he fathered when he was 14. Jones spends time in the off-season mentoring troubled youth in his home town of Wilmington, and spends time during the season with young fans who have special needs.
While Jones was with the Eskimos, he acquired the nickname 'Batman' after an incident in which he chased down and apprehended a mugger who had stolen a woman's purse. Jones said of the incident, "God just put me in a good place where I could help someone. He knows what kind of heart I have."

</doc>
<doc id="21452170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452170" title="Tamils Against Genocide">
Tamils Against Genocide

Tamils Against Genocide (TAG) is a non-governmental organization formed in 2008, based in Columbia, Maryland, United States, which has actively protested the Sri Lankan Civil War and the alleged genocide of Sri Lankan Tamils in Northern Province, Sri Lanka. Tamils Against Genocide hired US attorney Bruce Fein to file human rights violation charges against two Sri Lankan officials associated with the civil war in Sri Lanka which has reportedly claimed the lives of thousands of civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="21452193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452193" title="Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Building">
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Building

The Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Building is a historic office building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a 21-story skyscraper designed by the Boston and Baltimore-based architectural firm of Parker, Thomas and Rice, and was constructed in 1916. Standing at it was tied with the Emerson Bromo-Seltzer Tower from 1916 to 1923 as the tallest building in Baltimore. It was constructed with a structural steel skeleton and tile arch flooring structure. The exterior is clad with gray granite and gray and white marble from the first through third floors (including the mezzanine) and glazed terra cotta in a Beaux-Arts Classical Style. The building includes sculptures at the fourth floor representing "knowledge", "light", "heat" and "power."
Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
A smaller addition was built in 1966, designed by Fisher, Nes, Campbell and Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="21452199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452199" title="Shaker Village Historic District (Shaker Heights, Ohio)">
Shaker Village Historic District (Shaker Heights, Ohio)

Shaker Village Historic District is a historic district between Fairmount and Lomond Boulevards, and Green, Warrensville Center, Becket, and Coventry Roads in Shaker Heights, Ohio. The district comprises roughly seventy percent of the city of Shaker Heights.
The district was largely constructed between the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century. The area was once home to a large Shaker population. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21452213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452213" title="Mark Ripple">
Mark Ripple

Mark E. Ripple, born August 30, 1967 is an American money manager, expert horse racing handicapper. and author of "Handicapping the Wall Street Way". He is frequently sought after to pen articles, having written for "American Turf Monthly", "The Horse Jockey", CBS, and "Southern Gaming Magazine". He has been featured in "American Turf Monthly" and Motley Fool, and has been a featured financial commentator for CBS "Market Watch". Mark has given lectures at numerous colleges including the University of Pennsylvania, Hudson Valley Community College, and Rensselaer Polythechnic Institute. He is also Co-Founder of the Elizabeth K. Ripple Memorial Scholarship Fund, founded in honor of his sister, which provides scholarships for students attending Hudson Valley Community College's Respiratory Therapy Program.
Career.
Thomas James Associates.
After graduating from Hudson Valley Community College as a President's List Student, Ripple commenced to further his studies at Rensselaer Polythechnic Institute until he was recruited as New York State's youngest investment banker, at age 21, by Thomas James Associates of Rochester, New York. He spent one year at the fledgling firm and was drafted by Merrill Lynch.
Merrill Lynch.
While at Merrill Lynch, he held a variety of responsibilities in sales management, in both debt and equities, as well as product risk management, and investment banking.
Prudential Bache.
Mr. Ripple has also worked in the Mergers and Acquisitions Group of Prudential Securities Incorporated.
PVR Investment Holdings.
Ripple continues to invest for a very select group of clients with his British-Canadian partner, PVR Investment Holdings.
"Handicapping the Wall Street Way".
Picking Xtra Winners at the Track.
In 2005, Ripple authored a ground-breaking piece of work on horse racing handicapping. "Handicapping the Wall Street Way" shows how Ripple successfully applies theories learned from 20 years in the securities investment game to horse racing.
Ripple based his theories on market inefficiencies. The odds on a horse or a stock's price is normally very efficient, because the public sets the prices and gives correct values. We see this when odds-on favorites finish in the money more often than not, and blue chip stocks steadily rise in value over time. Clearly, this is a slow way to turn a profit. However, irrational behavior by the betting public, be they stock investors or horseplayers, will cause inefficient markets. He uses the parallel of the dot-com boom of the late 1990s and the Belmont Stakes with a Triple Crown on the line to demonstrate the most extreme examples of market inefficiency, and how taking a contrarian approach can lead to profitability. Investors who bought dot-com shares at the height of the boom and horseplayers who bet on War Emblem, Funny Cide, and Smarty Jones at the Belmont all took a loss on their wagers.
One angle of betting that other race handicapping books rarely touch on, but is always discussed by financial advisors, is risk management, prescribing a betting strategy corresponding to the level of risk the bettor is willing to take. With greater risk, there is a corresponding greater potential profit but with the trade-off of more money that can be lost. Ripple was the first to use a simple questionnaire to determine what level of risk the reader is comfortable with, and then the reader can implement the corresponding betting strategies.
Ripple recognizes that it is not "one size fits all" and has tailored strategies to reflect this.

</doc>
<doc id="21452226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452226" title="BLAST! (2008 film)">
BLAST! (2008 film)

BLAST! is a feature-length documentary by Paul Devlin. The film follows a team of astrophysicists who launch a telescope, upon a high altitude balloon from northern Sweden and again from Antarctica. The film follows the crew of scientists as they travel on a search to answer humankind's most basic question, how did we get here?
An approach rarely seen in science programming, "BLAST!" de-emphasizes talking-head interviews and dispenses with anonymous narration in favor of capturing the action as it happens. Through dynamic storytelling, "BLAST!" reveals the human side of scientific pursuit, the personal sacrifices of scientists and the philosophical perspectives of discovering the origins of the universe.
History.
"BLAST!" premiered at Hot Docs on Tuesday, April 22, 2008. It is now playing at film festivals around the world. Festival screenings include:
"BLAST!" has co-production partnerships with BBC 4’s documentary strand Storyville, Discovery Channel Canada, SVT Sweden, and YLE/FST Finland. The film will broadcast on Discovery Channel in February 2009. "BLAST!" has also been acquired by VPRO-Netherlands and DR2-Denmark.
The BLAST experiment.
BLAST, the Ballon-borne-Large-Aperture Submillimeter Telescope, was a 2-metre telescope flown from a high-altitude balloon to observe submillimeter radiation emitted mostly by dust heated by young stars. It was created to address important extragalactic and Galactic questions regarding the formation and evolution of stars, galaxies and clusters.
International Year of Astronomy 2009.
As an official special project of the International Year of Astronomy 2009. "BLAST!" will screen in communities around the world throughout 2009. The International Year of Astronomy 2009 is a global effort initiated by the International Astronomical Union and UNESCO, or United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization, to help the citizens of the world rediscover their place in the Universe through the day- and night-time sky, and thereby engage a personal sense of wonder and discovery. The International Year of Astronomy 2009 is endorsed by United Nations and International Council of Science.
Reception.
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson of the American Museum of Natural History and host of PBS NOVA scienceNOW commented on the film by saying, "In a rare combination of content and storytelling, "BLAST!" treats the viewer not only to the fruits of cosmic discovery but to the fits and starts of dedicated scientists who navigate paths of research that enable it."
Tim Teeman from Times Entertainment said of the film "For those of us with bad memories of physics and chemistry class, it was inspirational and aspirational."
Simon Horsford of The Telegraph UK wrote that the film is "A story that, in trying to answer age-old questions about how we got here, produces an intriguing dynamic between the two main scientists."

</doc>
<doc id="21452236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452236" title="Valentine de Sainte-Aldegonde">
Valentine de Sainte-Aldegonde

Marie "Valentine" Joséphine de Sainte-Aldegonde (29 May 182023 September 1891) was the wife of Alexandre Edmond de Talleyrand-Périgord, 3rd Duke of Dino, and mistress of Anatole Demidov.
Life.
She was the daughter of Count Charles Camille de Sainte-Aldegonde and Adelaïde Joséphine de Bourlon de Chavagne. On 8 October 1839 she married Alexandre Edmond de Talleyrand-Périgord, son of Edmond de Talleyrand-Périgord and Princess Dorothea of Courland, at the Château de Beauregard at Cellettes (Loir-et-Cher), her mother's property.
Valentine de Sainte-Aldegonde's passionate admirer, Anatole Demidov, attended her wedding and even helped assist the event. He offered her a diamond ornament whose magnificence caused the bridegroom worry. The next year, in 1840, Demidov briefly broke off their liaison due to financial problems, but later that same year married Mathilde Bonaparte and resumed his affair with Valentine on his first stay in Paris after his wedding. In 1845, he arranged for Valentine to settle with him in Florence and stayed by her side, even though her husband took umbrage. At a costume ball, Valentine was insulted by her rival, Mathilde, and in response Demidov slapped his wife twice in public, which signalled their final separation soon thereafter.
Issue.
With Talleyrand-Périgord, Valentine had six children, of whom four survived:

</doc>
<doc id="21452250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452250" title="Libe Washburn">
Libe Washburn

Libeus "Libe" Washburn (June 16, 1874 – March 22, 1940) was an American professional baseball outfielder and pitcher. Washburn made his debut for the New York Giants as an outfielder in . He had four hits in nine at-bats in six games. The following year, in , he played for the Philadelphia Phillies as a pitcher, going 0–4 in four games.
Washburn was born in Lyme, New Hampshire and died in Malone, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21452254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452254" title="Big Korab Gate">
Big Korab Gate

Big Korab Gate (; ) is a mountain pass found on the northern slopes of Mount Korab. It is located on the border of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. Big Korab Gate reaches a height of , 702 m lower than Mount Korab's highest point, , and 403 m lower than Small Korab Gate, on the southern slope of the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="21452288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452288" title="PNC Plaza (Raleigh)">
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)

PNC Plaza, formerly known as RBC Plaza, is the largest and tallest skyscraper in the city of Raleigh, North Carolina, USA. The tower rises to a height of and is situated on a lot housing approximately of office and retail space, parking and residential condominiums. The building at the corner of Fayetteville Street, Martin Street, and Wilmington Streets served as corporate headquarters for RBC Bank (formerly RBC Centura), the U.S. banking arm of Royal Bank of Canada, before being bought by PNC Financial Services. This is also the tallest tower between Philadelphia and Charlotte.
RBC Centura had been courted for years by cities across the East Coast to move its headquarters from Rocky Mount, and in August 2005, CEO Scott Custer announced the bank's intentions to relocate to downtown Raleigh. RBC wanted a tall building that would add to the Raleigh skyline, but the bank needed only of office space, enough to fill about five floors of an office building. So, Highwoods partnered with Dominion Partners of Raleigh to build 139 residential condos on top of the office building, enough to stretch the building to 33 floors and make it taller than any other office building in the Triangle. 
All of the PNC Plaza condominiums sold out in August 2008, less than three months after Dominion started taking non-refundable deposits on the units, which ranged in price from $230,000 to $800,000. There are separate lobbies for the office tenants and the residential tenants, a rooftop swimming pool for residents, and a second parking garage with 1,050 spaces across the street. The building has of office space on 11 floors, of which 65 percent is leased to RBC Centura and Raleigh law firm Poyner & Spruill. In September 2009, the Raleigh office of the Williams Mullen law firm moved into of office space, located on floors 15, 16 and 17 of the RBC Plaza. The facility also has of street-level retail and seven floors of parking.

</doc>
<doc id="21452301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452301" title="Benjamin Castleman">
Benjamin Castleman

Benjamin Castleman (born May 17, 1906, Everett, Massachusetts; died June 29, 1982, Boston, Massachusetts) was an American physician and pathologist best known for describing Castleman's disease (angiofollicular lymphoid hyperplasia), which is named after him. He was also one of the authors of the first case series on pulmonary alveolar proteinosis in a 1958 article in the New England Journal of Medicine (Rosen-Castleman-Liebow syndrome is a rarely used term for that condition). Castleman undertook clinicopathologic investigations of parathyroid disease and wrote several important papers on diseases of the thymus and mediastinum. He authored or co-authored over 100 scholarly papers on a variety of disorders.
Castleman was educated at Harvard University (B.A., 1927) and Yale University (M.D., 1931). He worked for many years at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, serving as chief of the division of anatomic pathology there, and he held the rank of Professor of Pathology in the Harvard Medical School. Dr. Castleman was an editor of the clinicopathological case presentation series in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The Benjamin Castleman Award has been given annually since 1982 to the first author of an English-language research article that is considered the most worthy in the field of human pathology. It is administered by the United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology. Dr. Castleman died of lymphoma in June 1982 and he is buried in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="21452315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452315" title="Pinacosuchus">
Pinacosuchus

Pinacosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph. Its fossils were found in the Late Cretaceous-age North Horn Formation of Utah (United States). "Pinacosuchus" was a diminutive crocodylomorph with spiky armor, and is known only from meagre remains.
History and description.
Charles W. Gilmore named "Pinacosuchus" in 1942 for USNM 16592, consisting of a fragment of upper jaw, seven partial vertebrae, a partial coracoid, a partial thigh bone, numerous pieces of bony armor, and other fragments. This specimen was discovered at the "Lizard Locality" in the Manti National Forest, Emery County, Utah. The type species is "P. mantiensis". Gilmore had difficulty classifying the specimen, due to its fragmentary nature. He ruled out all then-known orders of reptiles on anatomical ground except for Crocodilia (which had a more expansive definition at the time) and the nebulous thecodontia. He considered a pseudosuchian thecodont identity, but eliminated it because all members were of Triassic age or older. "Pinacosuchus" would have been an archaic crocodilian because it lacked the procoelous vertebrae (concave articulation surface on the anterior face of the bone, and convex articulation on the posterior face) of more derived crocodilians, instead having amphicoelous vertebrae (concave articulations on both faces).
"Pinacosuchus" would have been a very small crocodylomorph. The sacrum (the vertebra supporting the hips) of USNM 16592 was only long. Gilmore regarded the specimen as an adult because the vertebrae lacked sutures for their neural arches, a sign of maturity. This assessment was supported by O'Neill and colleagues, comparing "Pinacosuchus" to their new spiked crocodilian "Akanthosuchus". The armor of "Pinacosuchus" was found disarticulated. Gilmore divided the armor into five categories: simple rectangular scutes; ridged rooflike scutes; thickened rectangular scutes with asymmetrically-positioned sharp spines overhanging the borders; small pointed spines with thickened bases; and more elongate pointed spines with thickened bases.

</doc>
<doc id="21452320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452320" title="Villa Arnaldi">
Villa Arnaldi

Villa Arnaldi is an historical edifice in Meledo di Sarego, Province of Vicenza, Italy, designed by Andrea Palladio in 1547. It remains unfinished.
The modest, incomplete Villa Arnaldi may seem like an unusual candidate for the list of Palladio's architectures. It provides evidence, however, of the process usually only visible in final results, the transformation of a pre-existing building into a new architectural style. In 1547 Vincenzo Arnaldi, one of Vicenza’s richest and most influential citizens, commissioned the architect Andrea Palladio to restructure the 15th century (Quattrocento) agricultural complex upon its acquisition. Arnaldi wished to improve the property in order to increase its value in a legal action with one of its previous owners. However, when Arnaldi reached an agreement in 1565, he stopped the reconstruction and simply rented it out.
A series of signed drawings allow us to follow the architect’s ideas for remodeling the irregular Quattrocento complex. He proposed reconfiguring the buildings into regular shapes to define its farmyard and creating a symmetry within the spatial layout of the house. He organized the house itself around a loggia with three arches and minor, rectangular openings on its flanks (still extant though now blocked) – and framed its windows with his usual mouldings.

</doc>
<doc id="21452323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452323" title="Bright Sparks">
Bright Sparks

Bright Sparks was a children's television educational series aired on Australian and UK television in 1989. It taught viewers about science and technology. The animated characters explaining the subjects were super-imposed onto live-action footage of the subject matter.

</doc>
<doc id="21452357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452357" title="Paris Carnival">
Paris Carnival

The Paris Carnival is a carnival in the city of Paris in France. It occurs after the Feast of Fools and has been held since the sixteenth century or earlier, with a long 20th century interregnum.
History of Carnival in Paris.
The Carnival of Paris is a festival with a very long history in the French capital. Nicolas de Baye wrote in his journal in 1411:
""Monday, the 22nd of February, the royal household, in order to observe the Lenten feast, which is tomorrow, will be rising before dawn prepare"".
The staying-power of the Carnival of Paris, the elements that have made it an institution for centuries, is based on an unbroken tradition of ""festive and carnival societies"" (similar to the samba schools in Rio de Janeiro, the mystic societies in Mobile or the krewes of the New Orleans Mardi Gras) and the organized involvement of certain civic groups, corporations, and trade unions. The central role of the working class is illustrated, for example, by an anonymous poem of the eighteenth century:
Workers have always played a central role in the celebrations. What is less known is the fact that the "Carnaval de Paris" is also, traditionally, the feast of the Paris police. During the nineteenth century, the involvement of butchers, launderers, traders, and students became essential to the liveliness of the Carnival. The variety, the multi-class composition, of the participants is found in carnivals throughout the world. Whether in Dunkirk or Brazil, tradition, organization, and the involvement of diverse segments of the population are essential for the well-being of the party.
Until the early-twentieth century, the Paris Carnival lasted much longer than just the one day, Tuesday of Mardi Gras. In 1690, in his "Dictionary", Antoine Furetière wrote these words, which apply also to Paris:
Sixty-two years later, in 1752, the "Encyclopedia" of Denis Diderot and Jean le Rond d'Alembert confirmed this impression with almost the same words Furetière used. (In fact, so close is the correspondence that, it seems, Furetière might have been Diderot’s source.):
However, the Carnaval de Paris has also endured a hiatus; it was interrupted between 1952 and 1997. Even today, many Parisians do not know that the carnival exists. They are also ignorant of the fact that central to the carnival celebration is the appearance of certain traditional characters, stereotypes with distinctive costumes who appear every year, and that there are a number of traditional carnival jokes. These truly "old jokes" have survived from as long ago as the seventeenth century. During the hiatus the words "Carnaval de Paris" were seldom spoken. Parisians were always able to celebrate "Mardi Gras", of course; they simply had to travel to Nice or Rio de Janeiro.
The Carnaval de Paris has inspired great artists. The picture reproduced above was painted by Édouard Manet. It represents the famous masked ball at the Paris opera, which is held during the Carnival. The picture on the right is by Claude Monet, and it shows the "Boulevard des Capucines" where the processions take place.
Street activities.
At street level, two types of event are traditionally part of the Carnival de Paris: the walk of masks, and the processions.
The "walk of masks" involves people in disguise in huge numbers, and the curious come to see them, at a given location at a given time. Here's what Dulaure says of this phenomenon in 1787 :
Other traditional events of the carnival are the parades and processions:
Modern day carnival.
In 1997 the carnival was restarted by the Les Fumantes de Pantruches and Droit à la Culture groups. They are still quite active and hold several events each year - Carnaval de Paris and the Carnaval des Femmes de Paris, of which the poster on this page is an example.
Since 2002 a Carnaval has also been run by MACAQ - the Movement for the Cultural and Artistic Liveliness of the Quarter. There were around 1500 participants in 2007, with 10,000 spectators, which grew to 15,000 participants and 40,000 spectators in 2009, according to the organizers. In 2010 the carnival coincided with Valentine's Day and Chinese New Year, the theme was improbable couples. It set off from Place Gambetta and went via Belleville, where it met the Chinese New Year parade, to République, before arriving at Hôtel de Ville.

</doc>
<doc id="21452372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452372" title="2006 World Allround Speed Skating Championships">
2006 World Allround Speed Skating Championships

The 2006 World Allround Speed Skating Championships were held in the indoor arena in Calgary (Canada) on 18 and 19 March 2006:
The Canadian Cindy Klassen and the American Shani Davis became Worldchampion.
Women championships.
Allround results.
NQ = Not qualified for the 5000m (only the best 12 are qualified)DQ = disqualified
Men championships.
Allround results.
NQ = Not qualified for the 10000m (only the best 12 are qualified)DQ = disqualified
Rules.
All 24 participating skaters are allowed to skate the first three distances; 12 skaters may take part on the fourth distance. These 12 skaters are determined by taking the standings on the longest of the first three distances, as well as the samalog standings after three distances, and comparing these lists as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21452373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452373" title="Pawlowski">
Pawlowski

Pawlowski or more correctly Pawłowski is a Polish surname derived from the first name Paweł (Paul). In some cases it is a noble surname derived from the villages called Pawłowo. It is ranked about 20 in the list of the most common Polish surnames, with more than 50,000 carriers. It is popular especially in the mid-northern part of the country. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21452384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452384" title="Poonthura">
Poonthura

Poonthura is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, India. It is on the landing path of flights to Thiruvananthapuram International Airport.
Geography.
It is located at .
Location.
A bypass of National Highway 47 passes through Poonthura, on its way to Kovalam. Buses, both private and owned by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation ply to Poonthura from East Fort. It is also connected by bus to other parts of the city.
Thiruvananthapuram International Airport is around 6 km from Poonthura.
Places of interest.
St. Thomas church- A well known church in Trivandrum Archdiocese.
Only 6km distance to railwaystation
Famous Poonthura Shastha temple & Devi temple are also here.
Famous Poonthura Swamy Samadhi are situated here in this place
Economy.
It is basically inhabited by fisherfolk. A good number of people are employed in foreign countries, especially in the Persian Gulf. Our M.L.A. is Mr. V.S. SHIVAKUMAR. He is now Kerala transport and devasom minister.

</doc>
<doc id="21452392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452392" title="Mark Radcliffe (politician)">
Mark Radcliffe (politician)

Mark A. Radcliffe is an American Democratic politician and lawyer. Radcliffe serves in the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 92nd Assembly District since his election in 2008.
Biography.
Born in Madison, Wisconsin, Radcliffe graduated from Black River Falls High School. Radcliffe received his bachelors degree from University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point and his law degree from Hamline University Law School. 
In April 2012, Radcliffe announced he would not seek reelection to the Wisconsin State Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21452411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452411" title="Start Wearing Purple">
Start Wearing Purple

"Start Wearing Purple" is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, written by frontman Eugene Hütz. The song was packaged as a double single along with "Sally", and released as the band's second single in February 2006. It appears on their third album "". This version is a re-recording of the initial one which was featured in the band's first album, 1999's "Voi-La Intruder". It also appears in the soundtrack for the 2005 film "Everything Is Illuminated", in which Hütz stars as Alex.
Music video.
The video starts with Hütz wearing ladies shoes, and singing and dancing in the streets. Then we see images of the band and lots of people dancing around, while consuming copious amounts of alcohol.
Composition.
Hütz said in an interview, "It's one of the very few songs I wrote for a girl. I just moved in with my girlfriend in New York. We had a neighbour: an old woman who was always dressed in purple head to toe. She was clearly bonkers. So whenever my girlfriend and I had an argument and she would start screaming at me, I would say: you might as well start wearing purple now". In another interview, he stated that the song was written around 1995.
The song also bears a striking resemblance to Jenny Joseph's poem, "Warning."

</doc>
<doc id="21452422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452422" title="Sablatnig SF-2">
Sablatnig SF-2

__NOTOC__
The Sablatnig SF-2 was a reconnaissance seaplane produced in Germany during the First World War. 
Development.
A refined version of the Sablatnig SF-1, the SF-2 featured a new empennage and was fitted with a radio transmitter. The prototype (serial 580) had a smaller tail-fin and rudder than the SF-1, but production examples added a large ventral fin. Construction was of wood, skinned i fabric.
Operational history.
Sablatnig delivered six aircraft (navy serials 580–585) between June and September 1916. These were followed by ten machines built under licence by LVG (serials 791–800) between October and December, and ten more built by LFG (serials 705–714) between April and May the following year. Although produced as a reconnaissance machine, in practice, they were widely used as trainers.

</doc>
<doc id="21452433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452433" title="Uta of Schauenburg">
Uta of Schauenburg

Uta of Schauenburg (ca. 1115/1120—ca. 1197) was the founder of All Saints' Abbey in Baden-Württemberg. A sovereign countess, she was the daughter of Gotfried von Calw and was one of the richest heiresses in Germany. After her father's death a harsh succession war was solved in her favour by the nephew of her husband Welf VI, Friedrich Barbarossa in 1151.

</doc>
<doc id="21452437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452437" title="Rob Nelson">
Rob Nelson

Robert Augustus Nelson (born May 17, 1964) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played parts of five seasons in the majors, from until , for the Oakland Athletics and the San Diego Padres. He is the Founder and President of Hit One Deep Enterprises, a private Baseball instruction company based out of Temple City, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="21452444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452444" title="List of national radio programmes made in Manchester">
List of national radio programmes made in Manchester

The following radio programmes were made for national radio in Manchester, England, mainly for the BBC national networks:

</doc>
<doc id="21452469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452469" title="Typhoon Egay">
Typhoon Egay

The name Egay has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21452472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452472" title="Benson Building (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Benson Building (Baltimore, Maryland)

Benson Building, also known as the IPC Building, is a historic retail and office located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is on the corner of East Franklin and North Charles Streets. The main side is on Charles Street and has seven bays with store windows and entrances on the first floor, and office windows on the upper floors. The recessed storefronts feature bronzed aluminum infill panels above and below the glass panes. It was constructed in 1911 and the principal original occupant was C.J. Benson and Company, a local interior decorating and furniture establishment.
The Benson Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21452473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452473" title="Amityville (disambiguation)">
Amityville (disambiguation)

Amityville commonly refers to Amityville, New York.
Amityville may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21452477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452477" title="Demidov collection">
Demidov collection

The Demidov collection was a collection of artworks gathered by the Russian industrialist Nikolay Demidov and considerably expanded by his second son Anatole. It was mainly on show at their Villa San Donato near Florence, in which a private museum of 14 rooms was devoted to them. It was dispersed at sales in Paris in 1863 and 21 February and 3 March 1870 and at the Villa in March 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="21452478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452478" title="Isaiah Jones, Jr.">
Isaiah Jones, Jr.

Isaiah Jones, Jr. (1940–2008) was an award-winning musician and Presbyterian minister.
Music.
Jones authored more than 100 hymns. His works have appeared in Presbyterian, United Methodist, Lutheran, Episcopal, Baptist, and Catholic hymnals. "Fill My Cup" (1969) has been recorded by over 15 groups. "God Has Smiled on Me" was featured in the 1988 movie Clara's Heart. In 1973, the Gospel Music Academy named him "best songwriter of the year." He performed on Robert Shuller's television show Hour of Power and with the Billy Graham Crusade, and in 2001 on the nationally syndicated radio broadcast "The Protestant Hour". In 2001, he recorded the album "Everlasting God Be Blessed".
Academia.
Jones earned his BA from California State University, Los Angeles in 1972, his MDiv from Talbot Theological Seminary in 1977, and his DMin from San Francisco Theological Seminary in 1989. He served as an adjunct faculty member for four universities.
Ministries.
Jones served as associate minister for Christian education at First Presbyterian Church in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1987. During the last two years there, he served as associate pastor at St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, also in Los Angeles. Later, he served as pastor of Community Presbyterian Church in Los Angeles. From 1995 to 1999, he served as campus minister for Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon. From 1999 until his retirement in 2007, he served at Covenant Presbyterian Church in Palo Alto, California
Death.
In 2007, Jones was diagnosed with leukemia. After a period of remission, he died on September 21, 2008, from pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="21452479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452479" title="Pracademic">
Pracademic

A pracademic is someone who is both an academic and an active practitioner in their subject area. 
The term has a history of at least 30 years, but its first coining is unclear. The earliest reference may have been identified by a subscriber to Worldwide Words as being 1973. 
In his 2001 Article 'The Life and Times of Pracademics', Paul L Posner discusses the term pracademic. Since Posner's article many academics have used the term in journals and elsewhere. In 2001 Maria R Volpe and David Chandler in their paper in Negotiation Journal describe the bridging role as that of the 'Pracademic'. Again in 2001 Willard T. Price uses the term in the same context of academic and practicing professional in Public Works. George L Hanbury builds on the term in his paper on the ethics of honor by describing himself as a Pracademic and observing his subject from this stand point.
Although the core bridging concept appears to be the main theme several other usages have emerged. The idea of the Pracademic being a type of teaching style for Entrepreneurs has appeared in several places. A pracademic degree for instance describes the case of a new degree in the UK that is taught by practitioners to students who want to be entrepreneurs. However this use of the term remains close to the main definition of bridging the academic and practical professional world. Additionally many academics now describe themselves as Pracademics on their web sites and this use of the term aligns well with definition set out here. There may be other uses of the term.
The term was first used in relation to the UK resilience community at the inaugural conference of the Institute of Civil Protection and Emergency Management (April 2009). Peter Simpson from the London Fire Brigade, who undertook a Master’s programme at Leicester University as a mature student, described people like himself and others in the resilience community as ‘pracademics’ and showed delegates the ‘Pracademic Curve’, which clearly illustrated the inter-relationship between the practitioner and academic communities, particularly as it affects those who go into academia having already embarked on a career as a practitioner.
In 2008, the term was introduced in the Criminal Justice education arena, with a paper and presentation entitled The Pracademic and Academic in Criminal Justice Education at the Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences by Stephen A. Morreale of Worcester State University and James E. McCabe of Sacred Heart University. The paper focuses on the benefit of blending faculty that represent both the academic and pracademic perspectives, for the benefit of both the academic department and Criminal Justice students. 
Many designers also have started taking interest in this term lately in their theories, research as well as practice. In 2008, Ahmedabad based architectural firm has named their office as studio prAcademics. Studio is led by Tejas Kathiriya providing architecture, interior design and urban design services. They are involved in merging the design theories with professional practice and vice versa.
In 2013, the term was introduced to the field of teacher education as well. Writing about teacher education practices in general, and teacher education in the Teaching of English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) in particular, Jain theorized about the relevance of the term to the lives of those who work on the intersections of practice and research. Jain used the term 'pracademic' to (re)imagine her professional identity as that comprising a coherent, albeit hybridized, unity--that of a practitioner as well as an academic. 

</doc>
<doc id="21452490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452490" title="Navacerrada Dam">
Navacerrada Dam

Navacerrada Dam is a reservoir at Navacerrada in the Community of Madrid, Spain. At an elevation of 1200 m, its maximum surface area is .

</doc>
<doc id="21452494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452494" title="Mikheil Jishkariani">
Mikheil Jishkariani

Mikheil Dzhishkariani (born 1 November 1969 in Sukhumi) is a former Georgian footballer. He has played mostly in Georgia and Russia, except for a spell at FC Dynamo Kyiv in 1993–1995 and a recent spell in Germany with Wormatia Worms. In Russia he has played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, FC Torpedo-ZiL Moskva, FC Sokol-Saratov, FC Krasnoznamensk and FC Neftyanik Ufa.
He played for the Georgian national team in 1992 and 1994, and was capped 2 times.

</doc>
<doc id="21452507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452507" title="2009 Molson Scotia Cup">
2009 Molson Scotia Cup

The 2009 Molson Scotia Cup (Nova Scotia's men's provincial curling championship) was held February 10-15 at the Chester Curling Club in Chester, Nova Scotia. The winning team will represent Nova Scotia at the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier in Calgary. 
Teams.
"* Throws skip rocks"
Results.
Draw 1.
"February 11, 1000"
Draw 2.
"February 11, 1500"
Draw 3.
"February 12, 0830"
Draw 4.
"February 12, 1230"
Draw 5.
"February 12, 1630"
Draw 6.
"February 12, 2030"
Draw 7.
"February 13, 1000"
Draw 8.
"February 13, 1500"
Draw 9.
"February 13, 2000"
Draw 10.
"February 14, 1000"
Draw 11.
"February 14, 1500"
Playoffs.
A vs. B.
"February 14, 2000"
C1 vs. C2.
"February 14, 2000"
Semifinal.
"February 15, 1000"
Final.
"February 15, 1500"

</doc>
<doc id="21452553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452553" title="Seychelles Marketing Board">
Seychelles Marketing Board

Seychelles Marketing Board (SMB), is a government parastatal company based in Victoria, Seychelles. Since its formation in 1985, it has dominated the importation of goods to Seychelles, particularly essential goods. SMB also operates a prawn farm on Coëtivy Island.
Until 2008 the football team now called Super Magic Brothers was called "Seychelles Marketing Board".

</doc>
<doc id="21452558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452558" title="Benson House (disambiguation)">
Benson House (disambiguation)

Benson House, in Wading River, New York, was the site of a World War II counterintelligence operation.
Benson House may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21452564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452564" title="Khan As'ad Pasha">
Khan As'ad Pasha

Khan As'ad Pasha () is the largest khan in the Old City of Damascus, covering an area of . Situated along Al-Buzuriyah Souq, it was built and named after As'ad Pasha al-Azm, the governor of Damascus, in 1751-52. Khan As'ad Pasha has been described as one of the finest khans of Damascus, and the most "ambitious" work of architecture in the city. Throughout the Ottoman era, it hosted caravans coming from Baghdad, Mosul, Aleppo, Beirut and elsewhere in the Middle East.
Architecture.
The building follows a typical Ottoman "khan" layout with two floors giving onto a central courtyard. Khan As'ad Pasha is entered from Suq al-Buzuriyyah, through a monumental gateway decorated with stone carvings and roofed by a muqarnas semi-dome. The entrance leads to a square-shaped courtyard with old shops on the ground floor. The second floor, accessible by a staircase located to the right of the main entrance, was used mainly for lodging and has eighty rooms arranged along a gallery facing the courtyard. 
The space of the central courtyard is divided into nine equal square modules, where each module is covered with a dome raised on a drum pierced with twenty windows. The domes are supported by pendents that transfer the load onto four piers and to the courtyard walls. An octagonal marble fountain occupies the center of the courtyard below the central dome. Each of the four courtyard walls has three doorways on the ground floor, flanked by two rectangular windows. The symmetry is maintained on the second floor where each gallery façade has three archways flanked by two smaller ones. The khan is built of alternating courses of basalt and limestone. 
Three of the courtyard domes were destroyed in an earthquake in 1758. The openings were covered with wooden planks until 1990 when the khan was restored and the domes rebuilt. At the beginning of the 20th century, Khan As'ad Pasha was no longer used for commercial purposes. Until its restoration in 1990, it was used for manufacturing and storage. Today, it is designated as a tourist site and hosts the Natural History Museum of Damascus.
The restoration of the "Khan" won the Aga Khan Award for Architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="21452570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452570" title="Bruno Monguzzi">
Bruno Monguzzi

Bruno Monguzzi (born 1941) is a Swiss graphic designer. 
Monguzzi was born in Mendrisio, Switzerland in 1941. He later moved to Geneva with his family and attended the Graphic Design Course at the Ecole des Arts Decoratifs.
In 1960 he travelled to London and attended Gestalt psychology, typography and photography courses at Saint Martin's School of Art and the London College of Printing (now the London College of Communication).
After working with Dennis Bailey in London moved to Milan in 1961 to join the Studio Boggeri – at the time the leading design and advertising agency in Italy.
In 1965 he was called to join the Charles Gagnon and James Volkus office in Montreal, to design nine pavilions for Expo 67.
From the early-seventies he worked independently from his atelier in Meride, a secluded village in the South of Switzerland.
He received the Premio Bodoni in 1971, the Gold Medal from the New York Art Directors Club in 1990, the Yusaku Kamekura Award and the Gold Medal at the Toyama Biennial in 2000. 
In 2003 he was awarded the distinction Honorary Royal Designer for Industry (by the Royal Society of Arts, London).
Amongst his most significant projects: the visual identity of the Musée d'Orsay in Paris (no longer in use), the exhibition "Majakowskij Mejerchold Stanislavskij" at Castello Sforzesco in Milan, and the posters for Museo Cantonale d‘Arte in Lugano (1987-2004).

</doc>
<doc id="21452578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452578" title="Kostadin Kostadinov">
Kostadin Kostadinov

Kostadin Stefanov Kostadinov (, born 25 June 1959 in Plovdiv) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Kostadinov was a forward.
Career.
During his career, he played for Trakia Plovdiv in Bulgaria and made 350 appearances in the Bulgarian championship, scoring 106 goals. Kostadinov also played for Bulgaria national football team (48 caps/10 goals) from 1979 to 1986.
He later coached PFC Hebar Pazardzhik.

</doc>
<doc id="21452599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452599" title="Chandiroor">
Chandiroor

Chandiroor is a village in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India. It is situated on National Highway 47 between Eramalloor and Aroor. It is under Aroor Assembly constituency and Alappuzha Parliamentary constituency. It was part of the Travancore kingdom
Geography.
It is located at .
NH47 is the main connectivity.
Economy.
Sea food processing is the main industry. Shrimp farming, pisciculture and coir products manufacture are also means of livelihood.

</doc>
<doc id="21452611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452611" title="Ivan Skovorodkin">
Ivan Skovorodkin

Ivor Skovorodkin is a Belarusian sprint canoer who competed in the early 2000s. He won a silver medal at the 2001 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Poznań.

</doc>
<doc id="21452625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452625" title="Triffic Films">
Triffic Films

Triffic Films was a British animation company, based in Stony Stratford, a constituent town of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.
Productions of note include "I Am Not an Animal", "2D TV" and various title sequences including Two Fat Ladies, The Catherine Tate Show and Have I Got News for You.
In November 2009, the company was merged into Baby Cow Productions, an independent comedy production company based in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21452628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452628" title="Ian Sommerville (technician)">
Ian Sommerville (technician)

Ian Sommerville (1940–1976) was an electronics technician and computer programmer. He is primarily known through his association with William S. Burroughs's circle of Beat Generation figures, and lived at Paris's so-called "Beat Hotel" by 1960, when they were regulars there, becoming Burroughs's lover and "systems adviser". 
Sommerville was educated at the King's School, Canterbury, and at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. Around 1960, he programmed a random-sequence generator that Brion Gysin used in his cut-up technique. He and Gysin also collaborated in 1961 in developing the Dreamachine, a phonograph-driven stroboscope described as "the first art object to be seen with the eyes closed", and intended to affect the viewer's brain alpha wave activity. 
Sommerville and Burroughs made the 5-minute tape "Silver Smoke of Dreams" in the early 1960s, and later provided the basis for the quarter-hour audio "cut-up" and "K-9 Was in Combat with the Alien Mind-Screens" around 1965. The following year Sommerville also installed two Revox reel-to-reel machines for Paul McCartney in Ringo Starr's apartment at 34 Montagu Square, Marylebone, London, and recorded Burroughs on the machine.
Sommerville along with Gysin and Burroughs collaborated on "Let The Mice In", published in 1973. Burroughs' book "", indeed largely composed of accounts of his dreams, includes dreams of talking with Sommerville.
He died in a single-car accident due to inexperience near Bath, England in 1976 shortly after obtaining his first driving licence. 

</doc>
<doc id="21452631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452631" title="Route 53 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 53 (MTA Maryland)

Route 53 is a bus route in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs from the Old Court Metro Subway Station in Pikesville, Maryland to the Mondawmin Metro Subway Station in Northwest Baltimore along Old Court Road and Reisterstown Road, serving the communities of Park Heights and the Reisterstown Road Plaza. The line is the successor to Bus Route 7, which still operates south of Mondawmin. Route 7 operated along Reisterstown Road outside the Metro's hours of operation until 2001.
Route 53 was known as Route M-2 until it was renamed in 2009. No routing changes were made at the time.
History.
The No. 5 Streetcar operated through Pikesville starting in 1916, and until 1938. The line operating through the city not along Reisterstown Road, but on the nearby parallel Park Heights Avenue. Bus service on Reisterstown Road inside of Baltimore City started in 1929, provided on Route L. This became a part of Route 5/7 in 1948. In 1959, Route 5/7 was split, with the no. 5 designation being assigned to the Park Heights Avenue line, and the no. 7 designation being given to the route on Reisterstown Road. Route 7 was also combined with Route 18 (the former Pennsylvania Avenue Streetcar Line) at the time, providing service downtown from all points along Reisterstown Road.
Route M-2 started operating in 1984 after the Baltimore Metro's first segment opened, and Route 7 was split. Route M-2 then originated and terminated in the north near Reisterstown & Old Court Roads in Pikesville's central business district. At that time, the Old Court Metro Subway Station had not yet opened, and the segment of Old Court Road on which this line currently operates was served by Route 77.
In 1987, when the Metro was extended to Owings Mills, Route M-2 was extended to the Old Court Metro Subway Station. Since then, the line's route has never changed. Only minor schedule changes have been made, and in 2001, Sunday service was added.
In 1993, as a cost-saving measure, MTA started to close three of its Metro stations, including Old Court, at 8 PM, and for trains running later than this time to bypass these stops. This made travel more difficult for riders of Route M-2 accustomed to transferring in this area. During this time, Route 77 was extended to Pikesville after 8 PM. MTA reopened all these stations in the evening in 2001.
On August 30, 2009 the M-2 was renamed 53. This completed MTA's plan to rename all M-lines to two-digit routing designations.

</doc>
<doc id="21452641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452641" title="Kayabuki">
Kayabuki

In Japanese, Kayabuki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21452659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452659" title="The Other Woman (2009 film)">
The Other Woman (2009 film)

The Other Woman (original title: "Love and Other Impossible Pursuits") is a 2009 drama film written and directed by Don Roos. The film is based on the Ayelet Waldman novel "Love and Other Impossible Pursuits", and distributed by Incentive Film Distribution in the US. The film stars Natalie Portman, Lisa Kudrow, Scott Cohen, and Charlie Tahan.
Plot.
Emilia Greenleaf's (Portman) life is turned upside down when she begins an affair with married high-powered attorney Jack Woolf (Cohen) and learns she is pregnant. After his quick divorce and their quick wedding, it is revealed through a series of flashbacks that her baby girl Isabel died three days after her birth from SIDS. Grieving the loss of her infant daughter Isabel, she is still coming to terms with her status as Jack's second wife. Vilified as a homewrecker, she attracts the unyielding ire of his furious ex-wife, physician Carolyn (Kudrow), who is revealed to also be pregnant (after she heard about Emilia's pregnancy, she realized that she too wanted another child). Emilia thinks that this is purely out of spite. Now she must come to terms with her stepson, William (Tahan), who upsets her with constant references to her dead baby (including saying that under the terms of Jewish law, Isabel did not live long enough to be considered a full human being), but Emilia's efforts to bond with William do not go well and succeed only in making both Carolyn and Jack think less of her. After trying to carry the load on her own, her life finally collapses, and Jack tells her he cannot go on with the relationship. Emilia has a breakdown during a fight where she reveals to Jack that the baby did not die in her crib but in fact in her arms: she believes that she killed her own baby. She then tells him that she can also no longer do this, and leaves Jack alone, crying over their daughter. She moves out, tentatively mends fences with her father (who earlier had cheated on her mother), and joins her old friends at a Legal Aid office. She is surprised when Carolyn calls her and asks her to come by her office. After initially being upset about Emilia moving out, Carolyn admits to telling William there is a possibility Emilia did accidentally kill Isabel because of Emilia's thoughtless ways; Carolyn seems chastened when she adds that her son was angry at her attitude and told her she should be ashamed of herself. She then tells a stunned Emilia that she has personally looked into the autopsy report on Isabel and then had a clinical pathologist expert friend of hers do an additional review, and she can confirm that Emilia did not kill her baby. At first it appears that this information is not sinking in and Carolyn tells her that she is going to repeat, "You did not kill your baby" until Emilia understands this. Emilia starts crying in realization that she has been punishing herself for so long, and that it was not her fault, Carolyn leaves her alone in the office to process what has just happened. Emilia later goes to Jack and tells him the full story, and while he tells her at that point that he cannot reconcile with her, a crisis involving Carolyn's City Hall wedding and William leads to Emilia getting through to his son and Jack saying he wants to go on a date with her, leaving Emilia happy and strongly hinting the couple will get back together soon.
On the day that Carolyn's baby is born, Emilia takes William to the park and gives him a boat that was given to her when she was his age, she then says, "I love you William" and he replies "I know." He looks at her and away again and says, "Me too." The film ends with a montage of pictures and art, showing the various figures in the story.
Release.
Post-production wrapped in 2009, and the movie was released 2011.
Reception.
Critical.
The film received mainly negative reviews from critics. Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports that 39% of 44 of the critics it aggregated gave positive reviews, with an average rating of 5.5/10. The website's consensus reads, "Natalie Portman and Lisa Kudrow deliver fine performances in "The Other Woman", but they're muted by Don Roos' clumsy direction and cluttered, melodramatic script." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, gives the film a score of 37 based on 16 reviews, which is interpreted as "Generally unfavorable" by Metacritic.

</doc>
<doc id="21452665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452665" title="Guimini">
Guimini


</doc>
<doc id="21452667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452667" title="Baltimore Grand">
Baltimore Grand

Baltimore Grand is a historic bank building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It occupies two historic bank buildings, the former Western National Bank (1881, remodeled 1912) and the former Eutaw Savings Bank (1887, remodeled 1911), which were connected in 1989 and adaptively reused to create a commercial catering and banquet facility. It features a large arched window above the entrance portico that is framed by paired fluted pilasters with Corinthian capitals extending to the cornice line.
The former Eutaw Savings Bank is a Classical Revival brownstone, built when the bank vacated the Baltimore Equitable Society Building across the street. The original building was designed by Charles L. Carson. A 1911 addition was designed by Baldwin and Pennington.
Baltimore Grand was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21452689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452689" title="Giovanni Battista Fontana (painter)">
Giovanni Battista Fontana (painter)

Giovanni Battista Fontana (1524 - 25 September 1587) was an Italian painter and engraver.
Fontana's training made use of the paintings of masters such as Titian and Veronese. His artistic output in Austria which is recorded from 1562, included major work on altarpieces, with countless sketches and engravings. With the assistance of his brother, Giulio Fontana, he painted frescoes in the chapel of Schloß Kaiser-Ebersdorf in Vienna in 1562.
Fontana was born at Ala near Verona, but settled in Innsbruck in 1573. In 1575 he was appointed court painter to Ferdinand II, Archduke of Austria. He worked on frescoes for the oratory of the Hofkirche, the Spheristerion in 1573, the Silberne Kapelle which had been built by Giulio Fontana and where he painted 14 scenes of the Passion in 1576 and lastly decorated a castle chamber in 1578. He died in Innsbruck.
Between 1583 and 1584 he set to work on the ceiling of the dining-hall of Schloss Ambras, depicting Allegories of the Zodiac, the Elements and the Planets. 

</doc>
<doc id="21452693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452693" title="Sally (Gogol Bordello song)">
Sally (Gogol Bordello song)

"Sally" is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, written by frontman Eugene Hütz. The song was packaged as a double single along with "Start Wearing Purple", and released as the band's second single in February 2006. It belongs to their third album "".
Meaning.
The song talks about a Cultural Revolution, and implies that this also belongs to the younger generations. In 2009 the band held an open competition to design Sally drawings.
The Sally character is also mentioned in the band's song "Avenue B", which is featured in the same album.

</doc>
<doc id="21452694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452694" title="Jeff Fitzgerald">
Jeff Fitzgerald

Jeff Fitzgerald (born October 12, 1966) is an American politician. He was a Republican Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 39th Assembly District from 2000 until 2013. He was the Speaker of the Assembly in the 100th Wisconsin Legislature. He ran for the United States Senate election in 2012, but lost by a wide margin. After leaving the Assembly, he became a lobbyist.
Early life, education, and business career.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Fitzgerald moved with his family to Hustisford, Wisconsin. After graduating from Hustisford High School, Fitzgerald attended University of Wisconsin-Green Bay and received his bachelors degree from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh. He was a small business owner and served on the Beaver Dam, Wisconsin Common Council 2000-2003. He's a member of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Wisconsin State Assembly.
Elections.
He was elected in 2000. In 2002, he won re-election unopposed. In 2004, he won re-election a third term with 70% of the vote. In 2006, he won re-election to a fourth term with 63% of the vote. In 2008, he won re-election to a fifth term with 60% of the vote. In 2010, he won re-election to a sixth term unopposed. In 2012, he decided against running for re-election, instead announcing, in October 2011, that he would seek the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by retiring US Senator Herb Kohl.
2012 U.S. Senate election.
In October 2011, he announced he would run for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by retiring U.S. Senator Herb Kohl (D-WI). He lost the nomination on August 14, 2012 after a bitter four-way primary battle against former Governor Tommy Thompson (the winner), millionaire Eric Hovde, and former Congressman Mark Neumann.
Personal life.
He lives with his wife and two children in Horicon, Wisconsin. His older brother, Scott L. Fitzgerald, is a State Senator from the 13th Senate District, and the Senate Majority Leader.

</doc>
<doc id="21452700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452700" title="Zsuzsanna Jakabos">
Zsuzsanna Jakabos

Zsuzsanna Jakabos (born 3 April 1989, Pécs, Baranya) is a Hungarian swimmer, who three times competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2004, 2008, and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21452705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452705" title="Dedekind number">
Dedekind number

In mathematics, the Dedekind numbers are a rapidly growing sequence of integers named after Richard Dedekind, who defined them in 1897. The Dedekind number "M"("n") counts the number of monotonic Boolean functions of "n" variables. Equivalently, it counts the number of antichains of subsets of an "n"-element set, the number of elements in a free distributive lattice with "n" generators, or the number of abstract simplicial complexes with "n" elements.
Accurate asymptotic estimates of "M"("n") and an exact expression as a summation, are known. However Dedekind's problem of computing the values of "M"("n") remains difficult: no closed-form expression for "M"("n") is known, and exact values of "M"("n") have been found only for "n" ≤ 8.
Definitions.
A Boolean function is a function that takes as input "n" Boolean variables (that is, values that can be either false or true, or equivalently binary values that can be either 0 or 1), and produces as output another Boolean variable. It is monotonic if, for every combination of inputs, switching one of the inputs from false to true can only cause the output to switch from false to true and not from true to false. The Dedekind number "M"("n") is the number of different monotonic Boolean functions on "n" variables.
An antichain of sets (also known as a Sperner family) is a family of sets, none of which is contained in any other set. If "V" is a set of "n" Boolean variables, an antichain "A" of subsets of "V" defines a monotone Boolean function "f", where the value of "f" is true for a given set of inputs if some subset of the true inputs to "f" belongs to "A" and false otherwise. Conversely every monotone Boolean function defines in this way an antichain, of the minimal subsets of Boolean variables that can force the function value to be true. Therefore, the Dedekind number "M"("n") equals the number of different antichains of subsets of an "n"-element set.
A third, equivalent way of describing the same class of objects uses lattice theory. From any two monotone Boolean functions "f" and "g" we can find two other monotone Boolean functions "f" ∧ "g" and "f" ∨ "g", their logical conjunction and logical disjunction respectively. The family of all monotone Boolean functions on "n" inputs, together with these two operations, forms a distributive lattice, the lattice given by Birkhoff's representation theorem from the partially ordered set of subsets of the "n" variables with set inclusion as the partial order. This construction produces the free distributive lattice with "n" generators. Thus, the Dedekind numbers count the number of elements in free distributive lattices.
The Dedekind numbers also count the number of abstract simplicial complexes on "n" elements, families of sets with the property that any subset of a set in the family also belongs to the family. Any antichain determines a simplicial complex, the family of subsets of antichain members, and conversely the maximal simplices in a complex form an antichain.
Example.
For "n" = 2, there are six monotonic Boolean functions and six antichains of subsets of the two-element set {"x","y"}:
Values.
The exact values of the Dedekind numbers are known for 0 ≤ "n" ≤ 8:
The first six of these numbers are given by . "M"(6) was calculated by , "M"(7) was calculated by and , and "M"(8) by .
If "n" is even, then "M"("n") must also be even.
The calculation of the fifth Dedekind number "M"(5) = 7581 disproved a conjecture by Garrett Birkhoff that "M"("n") is always divisible by (2"n" − 1)(2"n" − 2).
Summation formula.
where formula_2 is the formula_3th bit of the number formula_4,
what can be written using the floor function as
However, this formula is not helpful for computing the values of "M"("n") for large "n" due to the large number of terms in the summation.
Asymptotics.
The logarithm of the Dedekind numbers can be estimated accurately via the bounds
Here the left inequality counts the number of antichains in which each set has exactly formula_7 elements, and the right inequality was proven by .
for even "n", and
for odd "n", where
and
The main idea behind these estimates is that, in most antichains, all the sets have sizes that are very close to "n"/2. For "n" = 2, 4, 6, 8 Korshunov's formula provides an estimate that is inaccurate by a factor of 9.8%, 10.2%, 4.1%, and -3.3%, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="21452707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452707" title="Jay Gan">
Jay Gan

Jay Jianying Gan (born 1963), is an American agricultural and environmental scientist. Gan is current Chair of the Department of Environmental Sciences at University of California, Riverside.
Biography.
Gan received B.Sc in Agronomy in 1982, M.Sc in Pesticides in 1985, and Ph.D. in Pesticides in 1988, all from Zhejiang University in Hangzhou. 
From 1990 to 1991, Gan was a Research Fellow of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) of United Nations at IAEA Laboratories. Gan was a Research Fellow of FAO/IAEA of the United Nations at USDA-ARS Veterinary and Entomology Toxicology Research Laboratory in Texas. 
Gan joined the faculty of environmental sciences at University of California, Riverside and serves as Professor of Soil Science, Professor of Environmental Chemistry, and Water Quality Specialist.
In 2006, Gan became a Fellow of the American Society of Agronomy.
Jay Gan previously served as the department Chair of Environmental Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21452724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452724" title="Brandenburg Gate (Kaliningrad)">
Brandenburg Gate (Kaliningrad)

The Brandenburg Gate (Russian: "Бранденбургские ворота", tr.: "Brandenburgskie vorota", German: "Brandenburger Tor") is one of seven surviving city gates in Kaliningrad, the former German city of Königsberg. The gate is located on Bagration Street and is the only gate of Kaliningrad still in use for the intended purpose.
History.
The Brandenburg Gate was built in the south-western part of Königsberg in 1657, with the strengthening of the city walls at the intersection with the road leading to the castle of Brandenburg (now the village of Ushakovo). Due to lack of funds a mere wooden gate was erected. Some hundred years later the gate was torn down and replaced by a brick structure by order of King Frederick II of Prussia. During restoration work in 1843 the gate was significantly altered and decorated with sharp decorative pediments, cruciform sandstone color, stylized leaves on the tops, coats of arms and medallions. Sculptures of Field Marshal Hermann von Boyen (1771-1848), a war minister and reformer of the Prussian army, and Lieutenant-General Ernst von Aster (1778-1855), chief of the engineering corps, and one of the initiators of the second strengthening of the city walls, were added as well.
The Brandenburg Gate is the only gate of the still existing gates of Kaliningrad that performs its original transport function. The structure has been restored and is protected by the state as an architectural monument.
Architecture.
Though built in the middle of the 19th century, the Königsberg gates were neogothic in style. The Brandenburg Gate expresses the Gothic motifs particularly vividly. The pediments in the form of arrows give this gate, which is in fact rather low, a sense of height. The gate is richly decorated with decorative elements, such as the high relief stone and stylized flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21452741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452741" title="Brandon Lynch">
Brandon Lynch

Brandon Lynch (born January 31, 1982 in Augusta, Georgia) is a Gridiron football linebacker formerly of the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He was originally signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Middle Tennessee State.
Lynch has also been a member of the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="21452743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452743" title="Rita Ratnayake">
Rita Ratnayake

Rita Philomina Ratnayake (1934–2006) was a Sri Lankan actress who was popular in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. She came to repute in "Kele Handa" (1953) in the role of Daisy Attanayake.
Ratnayake was first noticed when she ran into film actors B. A. W. Jayamanne, Rukmani Devi and Eddie Jayamanne while on a pilgrimage to Madhu Church in 1948. This encounter led to her casting in "Kele Handa". After the success of that film, she played Vineetha in "Warada Kageda" (1954), Prabhawathi in "Ramyalatha" (1956) and had leading roles in "Radala Piliruwa" (1954), "Sukumali" (1957) and "Sithaka Mahima" (1964).
Over the next 20 years, Ratnayake had roles in "Suneetha", "Sepali" (1958), "Sundara Birinda" (1960), "Daruwa Kageda" (1961), "Suhada Sohoyuro" (1963), "Suba Sarana Sepa Sithe" (1964), "Sweep Ticket", "Sakaya" (1965), "Ethulweema Thahanam" (1966), "Amathaka Wunada" (1967), "Dan Mathakada" (1970), "Suhada Pethuma" (1973), "Sheela", "Shanthi", "Onna Babo Billo Enawa" (1974), "Awa Soya Adare" (1975), "Haratha Hathara", "Dewiyange Theenduwa" (1976), "Hithuwoth Hithuwamai", "Saja" (1977), "Mage Ran Putha" (1978), "Eka Hitha" (1979), "Dayabara Nilu" (1981), "Samawenna" (1981), "Wathura Karaththaya" (1982), "Rail Para" (1982), "Bonikka" (1983), "Shirani", "Kokila", "Namal Renu" (1984) and "Wana Rejina" (1988).
Ratnayake married W. A. Wilfred Silva in 1961. She later appeared in the television serial "Kahala Nadaya" and worked for a time with Sri Lanka Hotel Corporation. Ratnayake died on November 6, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21452773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452773" title="San Carlos Apache Police Department">
San Carlos Apache Police Department

The San Carlos Apache Police Department is the tribal police agency responsible for law enforcement within the jurisdiction of the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation. The agency is responsible for about 10,000 persons.

</doc>
<doc id="21452788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452788" title="Pavel Pavlovich Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato">
Pavel Pavlovich Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato

Count Pavel Pavlovich Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato (; 9 October 1839, Frankfurt am Main – 26 January 1885, Pratolino, Florence) was a Russian industrialist, jurist, philanthropist and nobleman of the Demidov family. His parents were Aurora Karamzina and her husband Pavel Nikolaievich Demidov.
His first marriage was on 1 June 1867 to Princess Maria Elimovna Meshcherskaya (Saint Petersburg, 28 February 1844 - San Donato (or Vienna, per Ferrand), 8 August 1868). She died two days after giving birth to a son, Elim Pavlovich Demidov, 3rd Prince of San Donato, at Hietzing in the suburbs of Vienna on 6 August 1868. Her loss had a lasting effect on Pavel, who remained inconsolable for a long time, spending a long while in the room in the Villa San Donato where his wife's dresses were kept to try to recover her presence.
In Saint Petersburg on 2 June 1871 he remarried to Princess Elena Petrovna Trubetskaya (Saint Petersburg, 25 September 1853 - Odessa, 28 July 1917), with whom he had six children:
They decided San Donato was too full of memories of his first wife and so moved to Villa Pratolino (now known as Villa Demidoff). They ended up selling San Donato, and it was ceded on 5 November 1881 to Gaston Mestayer (a French business magnate), with the gardens sold separately to Nemesio Papucci and Rosselli Del Turco. A large part of the enormous Demidov collection of artworks housed in 14 rooms at San Donato were thus dispersed in several sales and memorable public auctions, even the works gathered in the "musée napoléonien" created on Elba by his uncle Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov, 1st Prince of San Donato and the souvenirs that had (mostly) been ceded to Anatole by his father-in-law Jérôme Bonaparte.
Owning hundreds of factories in Russia, millions of square kilometres of land and palaces in Russia, France and Italy, Pavel was considered as one of the richest men in Europe. He developed the family fortunes and inherited Anatole's title of Prince of San Donato after the latter's death without legitimate issue in 1870 (with the title recognised by king Victor Emmanuel II of Italy two years later). He served with the Red Cross rather than the Russian military forces during the Russo-Turkish War and in 1883 he published the pro-Jewish ""The Jewish Question in Russia".

</doc>
<doc id="21452789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452789" title="Ferdinand (The Tempest)">
Ferdinand (The Tempest)

Ferdinand is the prince of Naples and the son of Alonso, the King of Naples, in Shakespeare's play, "The Tempest".
Fictional biography.
Ferdinand is aboard the ship that is run aground due to the storm created by the sorcerer and old Duke, Prospero. Ferdinand is separated from his father and friends (purposely) by Ariel, the airy servant of Prospero. Ariel leads Ferdinand to Prospero, and his daughter Miranda, whom he instantly falls in love with. Ferdinand, who is astounded that Miranda is even human, tells her that she is the most amazing woman he has ever encountered:
<poem>
Full many a lady
I have eyed with best regard and many a time
The harmony of their tongues hath into bondage
Brought my too diligent ear: for several virtues
Have I liked several women; never any
With so full soul, but some defect in her
Did quarrel with the noblest grace she owed
And put it to the foil: but you, O you,
So perfect and so peerless, are created
Of every creature's best!
</poem>
Ferdinand casts aside his grief and mourning for his father and friends, who he believes have all perished in the storm. He instead envelops himself in his love (and lust) for Miranda, telling her that he will make her the "Queen of Naples". According to plan, Prospero uses Ferdinand's infatuation with Miranda to re-gain power, and eventually take his rightful position as Duke of Milan. Accusing him of being a spy and traitor, Prospero keeps Ferdinand in isolation, and forces him to arbitrarily move logs. However, further into the play, Prospero allows Ferdinand and Miranda to interact, and seeing their desire for one another he allows them to marry. Ferdinand displays noble intentions, assuring Prospero that he will not untie Miranda's "virgin knot" until they are formally married. 
Much to his delight, Ferdinand is eventually re-united with his father and friends. They all return to Naples and Prospero regains his Dukedom. As Samuel Johnson observed, the play thus ends in "the final happiness of the pair for whom our passions and reason are equally interested."
Comparison to other characters.
Steven H. Gale calls Ferdinand the Romeo of "The Tempest".
Cinematic portrayals.
Reeve Carney plays as Ferdinand in the 2010 film.

</doc>
<doc id="21452802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452802" title="Mendel Weinbach">
Mendel Weinbach

Chona Menachem Mendel (Mendel) Weinbach (24 September 1933 – 11 December 2012) was an Orthodox Jewish rabbi and one of the fathers of the modern-day baal teshuva movement in his capacity as co-founder and dean of Ohr Somayach Institutions, a Jerusalem-based educational network for young, non-Hasidic Jewish men. From the yeshiva's founding in 1970 until his death in 2012, Weinbach taught, mentored and advised generations of students, helping beginners master a high level of textual learning skills and embrace an Orthodox Jewish lifestyle. He was a father figure to thousands, investing much time in guiding his students both during their yeshiva years and after they married, and actively participated in the "brissim" and bar mitzvahs of their children.
Weinbach was an erudite Torah scholar and an eloquent speaker for both men's and women's groups in Israel and abroad. He wrote and edited over a dozen English-language books, and penned many newspaper, magazine and online articles on Jewish thought and practice.
Early life.
Chona Menachem Mendel Weinbach was born in Kantchuga, Galicia, to Yechezkel Shraga and Tshezye Genendel Weinbach. At the age of 4 he immigrated with his parents to America and settled in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where he grew up. At age 12 he left home to learn in Yeshiva Torah Vodaas, where he studied under Rabbi Yaakov Kamenetsky and Rabbi Gedalia Schorr and became friends with Rabbi Nosson Scherman and Rabbi Nisson Wolpin, who would go on to make their own impact on Orthodox Jewish education. He received rabbinic ordination at Torah Vodaas.
In 1953 Weinbach was one of 10 Torah Vodaas students recruited by Rabbi Simcha Wasserman to open a beis medrash in Los Angeles as part of a plan to interest parents in Wasserman's proposal to open a mesivta high school in that city. At the end of the summer, he went to study at Beis Medrash Elyon in Monsey, New York.
In 1960 he married Sylvie (Sheindel) Lamm (b. 1941), a Belgian war orphan who had come to New York at the age of 5. She and her parents, Abraham Israel and Rachel Lamm, had been interned in the Mechelen transit camp in 1942. She had been liberated on 13 January 1944 and sent to a Jewish orphanage; her parents were deported to Auschwitz two days later. She was raised by her uncle and aunt in New York City. In 1962 the couple decided to make aliyah to Israel, becoming one of the first American Orthodox Jewish families to do so. They were one of the first families to settle in the new neighborhood of Kiryat Mattersdorf in northern Jerusalem, where they raised their 12 children.
Teaching career.
In his early years in Israel, Weinbach studied in the Mir yeshiva and opened a kollel. He also established yeshivas in Givat Ada and Netanya, and became involved with American P'eylim, which was opening yeshivas and Talmud Torahs for new immigrants. He was a member of a group of "avreichim" (married Torah students) from the Mir, Brisk, Hebron and other yeshivas who volunteered to study with new immigrants who didn't fit into regular Israeli yeshivas. Around 1965 Weinbach decided to open a yeshiva for "baalei teshuva" together with Rabbi Meir Schuster. Rabbis in the yeshiva, located in the Talpiot neighborhood of Jerusalem, included Rabbi Shimshon Dovid Pincus and Rabbi Yoel Schwartz. The yeshiva was forced to close due to the Six-Day War in 1967.
Yeshivas Ohr Somayach.
In 1972 Weinbach and Rabbis Nota Schiller, Noah Weinberg, and Baruch Rosenberg established Shema Yisrael Yeshiva to attract young, English-speaking Jewish men with little or no background in Jewish studies. After a few years, Weinberg left the yeshiva over a difference in philosophy and founded Aish HaTorah in 1974. Shema Yisrael subsequently changed its name to Ohr Somayach (after the commentary on the Mishneh Torah written by Rabbi Meir Simcha of Dvinsk), in response to critics who contended that the name Shema Yisrael belonged to the entire Jewish people, not just one institution. Weinbach and Schiller continued on as rosh yeshivas, developing the program into a high-level Talmud study program with the goal of helping formerly secular Jewish students integrate into mainstream Orthodox Jewish communities. Other Torah scholars invited to serve as rosh yeshivas over the years included Rabbi Dov Schwartzman and Rabbi Aharon Feldman.
Weinbach was personally involved with each student, encouraging his spiritual growth. He always had time to speak one on one, and often allowed students to interrupt his meetings with faculty members to discuss their issues and concerns. He became a "fatherly and grandfatherly figure" in the lives of many students, who continued to seek his advice long after they married and established families.
He oversaw the growth of Ohr Somayach into different branches beginning with the 1984 establishment of its Israeli division. Later branches were established in the United States, Canada, England, South Africa and Ukraine. Weinbach also oversaw the development of several successful "kiruv" initiatives, including the Jewish Learning Exchange (JLE), a summer learning course for young men from overseas; the Ohr Lagolah teacher-training program; and the Mentors Mission, which brings American Jews to Israeli for "kiruv" activities.
Personal qualities.
Weinbach had an encyclopedic grasp of the Talmud, and could identify any gemara cited on the spot. Consequently, he was able to deliver a "shiur" (Torah lecture) on a moment's notice. Notwithstanding his mastery of Talmud and Halakha, he interacted with both beginners and advanced students with the same friendliness and ready smile.
Other activities.
Weinbach was a clear and eloquent speaker both in and outside the yeshiva. Every Tisha B'Av, he delivered a "shiur" that lasted two or three hours. He also spoke at women's events such as the annual Shmiras Halashon Rally, and at the Mercaz Bais Yaakov high school and seminary in Geula, which he co-founded with Rabbi Yeshaya Lieberman.
In the 1970s he wrote articles for "The Jewish Press" under a pseudonym and also ghostwrote columns for Prime Minister of Israel Menachem Begin and Member of Knesset Rabbi Menachem Porush. Later, under his own name, he wrote articles for "The Jewish Observer" and wrote and edited English-language books on a variety of topics, including the Land of Israel, Jewish prayer, and the writings of the Chofetz Chaim. Shortly before his death he completed a two-year project, "The Essential Malbim on Chumash and Nach".
In his last years, Weinbach taught a daily Daf Yomi shiur in Kiryat Mattersdorf.
Weinbach was diagnosed with cancer in 2007 but continued to teach, lecture and write even as he underwent treatments. His health deteriorated several months before his death. On December 11, 2012, the same day that a prayer gathering was to be held at Yeshivas Ohr Somayach on his behalf, he died. He was eulogized in the main synagogue in Kiryat Mattersdorf and at Yeshivas Ohr Somayach. He was buried on Har HaMenuchot.

</doc>
<doc id="21452804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452804" title="Ivan Sergeyevich Obolensky">
Ivan Sergeyevich Obolensky

Prince Ivan Sergeyevich Obolensky (born 15 May 1925) is an American New York City-based financial analyst and corporate officer. He served in the United States Navy and worked as a publisher.
Early life.
Obolensky was born in London, Middlesex, on 15 May 1925, to Sergei Platonovich "Serge" Obolensky and Ava Alice Muriel Astor. Through his mother, he is a great-great-great-grandson of John Jacob Astor and the elder grandson of John Jacob Astor IV, who died on the RMS Titanic.
Ivan was educated at St. George's School in Newport, Rhode Island, and graduated from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, in 1947. While at Yale, he was a member of St. Elmo, a senior secret society.
Career.
After Yale, Obolensky became a writer working for Telavid Inc. Imports, and went on to serve with the United States Navy as a pilot. In 1957, he formed a publishing firm McDowell, Obolensky Inc. with a partner, David McDowell. The firm published James Agee's Pulitzer Prize novel, "A Death in the Family" (1957), and was the U.S. publisher for Chinua Achebe's "Things Fall Apart" (1959). It was dissolved in 1960. Obolensky then formed a second publishing house, Ivan Obolensky, Inc. This firm continued through 1965, when he joined the investment banking firm of A. T. Brod & Company as a partner.
Throughout his main career on Wall Street as a financial analyst, Obolensky has covered many prestigious accounts. He was Vice President of Moseley, Hallgarten, Estabrook & Weeden Inc., Stock brokers and is currently Vice President of Shields & Company. Obolensky is an active member of the philanthropic community in New York. He has, for many years, been an active supporter of the The Soldiers', Sailors', Marines', Coast Guard and Airmen's Club, and New York's International Debutante Ball which benefits the club. He is also Treasurer of the Russian Nobility Association in America, Inc., and the New York Prior of the Orthodox Order of St. John.
Marriages and children.
Obolensky first married in New York City on 10 October 1949 to Claire Elizabeth McGinnis (born in San Francisco, California, on 7 March 1929). The marriage ended in divorce in 1956. She was educated at the Convent of the Sacred Heart in San Francisco, California, United States, the Finch Junior College in Manhattan, New York City, and at Miss Burke's School in San Francisco. Claire was the daughter of Felix Signoret McGinnis (25 January 1883 – 17 March 1945), Vice-President of the Southern Pacific Company and Director of the Los Angeles Turf Club, Inc., and wife (m. June 1917) Clara Leonhardt (14 April 1887 – 25 January 1984). Claire later married secondly Garrick C. Stephenson (1927 – 3 February 2007), without issue.
On 22 October 1959, he married Mary Elizabeth Morris (16 January 1934 – 21 August 2006).
Ivan has one daughter and two sons by his first marriage, and one son by his second marriage:

</doc>
<doc id="21452818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452818" title="Köpenick Palace">
Köpenick Palace

Schloss Köpenick is a Baroque palace of the Hohenzollern electors of Brandenburg which stands on an island in the Dahme River and gives its name to Köpenick, a district of Berlin.
The castle was originally built in 1558 as a hunting lodge by order of Elector Joachim II Hector of Brandenburg. The building in a Renaissance style was located on the river island at the site of the former medieval fort. Joachim II died here in 1571. In 1631 it served as the headquarters of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, where he - without results - asked his brother-in-law Elector George William for assistance in the Thirty Years' War.
Frederick I of Prussia had the lodge rebuilt and enlarged from 1677 and lived here together with his first wife Elizabeth Henrietta of Hesse-Kassel. In 1730 Frederick II of Prussia, then Crown Prince, and his friend Hans Hermann von Katte faced the court-martial for desertion at Schloss Köpenick. Today the castle surrounded by a small park serves as the Museum of Decorative Arts, run by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation as part of the Berlin State Museums.

</doc>
<doc id="21452834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452834" title="Robert Townsend (spy)">
Robert Townsend (spy)

Robert Townsend (November 25, 1753 - March 7, 1838) was a member of the Culper Ring during the American Revolution. With the aliases “Samuel Culper, Jr.” and “723,” Townsend operated in New York City and gathered information as a service to General George Washington. He is one of the least known operatives in the spy ring, once demanding that Abraham Woodhull, aka “Samuel Culper,” never tell his name to anyone, not even Washington.
Background.
Townsend was the third son of eight children of Samuel and Sarah Townsend, from Oyster Bay, New York. Samuel was a Whig-slanted politician who owned a store in Oyster Bay. Little is known about Robert’s early identity. His mother was an Episcopalian and his father was a liberal Quaker. He held patriotic feelings towards his country but was a Loyalist. Samuel Townsend fought many political battles between traditional Quakers in Oyster Bay, and Robert matured in an atmosphere in which his father routinely acted in ways that were considered dangerous by traditional Quakers.
Despite his father’s political battles, a young Robert showed little interest in public service. During his mid-teens, Samuel arranged for Robert to apprentice with the House of Templeton & Stewart, a merchant firm. During this time, the young Townsend lived and worked among soldiers and residents of Holy Ground, the New York City’s biggest red light district. Templeton & Stewart catered to the working-class residents of this district. Ultimately, Townsend’s early years were dedicated to making a fortune and not demonstrating his underlying patriotism, which would have undermined his financial goals. Townsend fared well during the war in financial terms (he operated a store even as he was spying for Washington). Between May 1781 and July 1783, he brought in £16,786, while his expenditures amounted to £15,161, for a profit of £1,625 over that span of time.
Into the Spy Ring.
A number of factors led Townsend to the Culper Spy Ring, including the influence of Thomas Paine’s "Common Sense," British harassment of his family, and his relationship with Woodhull.
Townsend's Quaker upbringing placed him at odds with the thought of fighting the British forces occupying America. Strict Quaker philosophy called for an adherence to pacifism. In this case, violence was prohibited. However, during the 1750s, Pennsylvania experienced a break between "political" Quakers and "religious" Quakers. Essentially, the latter accused the former of breaking with traditional values, resulting in the resigning of "political" Quakers from office and leading to a wave of purification within the Quaker movement. The renewed and obedient Quakers pledged to embrace nonviolence and to never revolt against a legal government. Thus, Quakers emerged as the strongest supporters of British rule.
Torn between his moderate-Quaker upbringing and a fervent, Quaker revival, Townsend ultimately turned his back on pacifism as a result of Thomas Paine's pamphlet, "Common Sense". Brought up in the Quaker tradition, Paine advocated in "Common Sense" the early Quaker views of struggling against corruption and narcissism. However, Paine also advocated resistance as the means to achieve those goals, putting him directly at odds with the newly reformed Quaker movement. Paine argued that the pacifists-at-any-price were not authentic Quakers. Paine's pamphlet inspired a small number of Quakers to join the struggle against Britain, including Townsend. Thus, a few months after Paine's pamphlet was published, Townsend volunteered for a logistics post in the Continental Army, which would not require him to kill.
Another factor that led to Townsend's joining the fight against British rule was the treatment of his family by British soldiers in Oyster Bay. A number of British officers considered anti-British sentiment so ingrained into the colonists' spirit that they believed "it should be thrash'd out of them New England has poyson'd the whole." This led to numerous incidences of violence and pillage directed at colonists. On November 19, 1778, one such instance drove Townsend to the Patriot cause. Colonel John Graves Simcoe of the Queen's Rangers and roughly three-hundred of his men were stationed in Oyster Bay during the winter months. Simcoe took the Townsend home as his headquarters, and he and his men used the home when and however they wanted. Townsend's father, Samuel, was distraught after his prized apple orchard was torn down by Simcoe's men. Adding to the insult, the Townsends were forced to swear allegiance to the King or go to prison.
A final factor was Townsend's relationship with Abraham Woodhull. Woodhull knew Townsend as a result of their both lodging at a boardinghouse run by Woodhull's brother-in-law. Woodhull was also a descendant of Oyster Bay's founder, Captain John Underhill, and Townsend may have been directed to the boardinghouse by Underhill. Woodhull may have also known about Townsend's father's Whiggish political beliefs, as he was well known throughout Long Island. Woodhull, as a recruiter, and Townsend, as the recruited, knew and trusted each other well enough by June 1779, that when Woodhull made his pitch to Townsend to join a new spy ring for Washington, Townsend eagerly accepted.
Washington's intentions for Townsend.
These are George Washington's instructions for Woodhull (Culper, Sr.) and Townsend (Culper, Jr.)
C-----r Junr, to remain in the City, to collect all the useful information he can-to do this he should mix as much as possible among the officers and refugees, visit the coffee houses, and all public places. He is to pay particular attention to the movements by land and water in and about the city especially. How their transports are secured against attempt to destroy them-whether by armed vessels upon the flanks, or by chains, booms, or any contrivances to keep off fire rafts.
The number of men destined for the defence of the City and environs, endeavoring to designate the particular corps, and where each is posted.
To be particular in describing the place where the works cross the island in the rear of the City-and how many redoubts are upon the line from the river to river, how many Cannon in each, and of what weight and whether the redoubts are closed or open next the city.
Whether there are any works upon the Island of New York between those near the City and the works at Fort Knyphausen or Washington, and if any, whereabouts and of what kind.
To be very particular to find out whether any works are thrown up on Harlem River, near Harlem Town, and whether Horn's Hook is fortifyed. If so, how many men are kept at each place, and what number and what sized cannon are in those works.
To enquire whether they have dug pits within and in front of the lines and works in general, three or four feet deep, in which sharp pointed stakes are pointed. These are intended to receive and wound men who attempt a surprise at night.
The state of the provisions, forage and fuel to be attended to, as also the health and spirits of the Army, Navy and City.
These are the principal matters to be observed within the Island and about the City of New York. Many more may occur to a person of C. Junr's penetration which he will note and communicate.
C-----Senior's station to be upon Long Island to receive and transmit the intelligence of C------ Junior...
There can be scarcely any need of recommending the greatest caution and secrecy in a business so critical and dangerous. The following seem to be the best general rules: To intrust none but the persons fixed upon to transmit the business. To deliver the dispatches to none upon our side but those who shall be pitched upon for the purpose of receiving them and to transmit them and any intelligence that may be obtained to no one but the Commander-in-Chief.
As "Culper, Jr.".
Wasting little time to begin spy activities, Townsend sent his first dispatch on June 19, 1779 — nine days after Woodhull informed Washington that he had a contact in New York. This first piece of intelligence was designed to look like a letter between two Loyalists. In it, Townsend stated that he received information from a Rhode Islander who gathered from British troops that two British divisions "are to make excursion into Connecticut...and very soon."
Counterfeiting plot discovery.
One of Townsend's most valuable and memorable discoveries concerned a plot by the British to ruin the American economy by flooding the country with counterfeit dollars. American political and military leaders were well-aware of these intentions and understood the potential ramifications of a worthless dollar. In early 1780, Townsend received some intelligence about the British belief that the war would not last much longer as a result of a disastrous depreciation of the dollar. The most crucial part of Townsend's report was that the British had procured "several reams of paper made for the last emission struck by Congress." This was terrible news for American leaders because whereas before the British were forced to counterfeit money on paper that was similar to the official paper, now they had the authentic paper, and thus distinguishing between real and fake money would be virtually impossible. As a result, Congress was forced to recall all its bills in circulation; a major ordeal but one that saved the war-effort by not allowing counterfeit money to flood the market.
Counterintelligence.
Townsend warned his superiors of spies in their midst. At one point, he warned Benjamin Tallmadge that Christoper Duychenik was an agent of New York City Mayor David Mathews. Townsend warned that Mathews was under the direction of Governor William Tryon. Townsend also believed that if these men found out about the intelligence report, they would immediately suspect Townsend, indicating Townsend's potential association with high-level officials.
Disinformation.
After the French had joined the war on the side of the colonists a French fleet was set to land and disembark troops at Newport, Rhode Island. The problem with this plan was that the British controlled Long Island and New York City and had large amounts of influence in Long Island Sound. The British got wind of the French plans and began preparing to intercept the smaller French fleet before the French soldiers could make landfall. When George Washington learned of the British plans through the Culper Spy Ring he was able to successfully bluff the British forces into believing an attack was planned on New York City. Through feeding the enemy false information on his plans Washington was able to keep the British occupied while the French were able to safely land their forces.
Suspicion.
A number of events caused Townsend to become extremely suspicious and led to his using great caution regarding spy activities.
One involved his nephew, James Townsend. After Washington and Woodhull had a brief falling-out, James became the new courier between Robert and Tallmadge. James' cover story was that he was a Tory visiting family in rebel-controlled territory and was seeking to recruit men for the British army. When James visited the Deausenberry family, he acted the part well enough to convince the secret Patriots that he was really a Tory. John Deausenberry dragged James to the local Patriot headquarters, but after Washington's personal intervention, James was set free. This event not only caused anger towards his nephew for Robert, but illustrated how easy it was to get caught. As a result of this event, Townsend often refused to report intelligence in writing for the remainder of his spying career.
Another event revolved around the arrest of Hercules Mulligan by Benedict Arnold (by then serving the British). Mulligan eventually became an agent of the Culper Ring and was responsible for a number of intelligence reports. Mulligan had previously been arrested for agitating anti-British sentiment, and Arnold had him arrested for having questionable American contacts. Although he was released after no evidence showed him to be a spy, his short captivity further convinced Townsend of the dangers he faced. This event led Tallmadge to direct Culper Ring activities more towards tactical intelligence for Tallmadge's dragoons rather than undercover operations in New York.
Final Culper report.
As the end of the war drew near, and American forces focused on Yorktown and Lord Charles Cornwallis, the Culper Ring became less significant for Washington. However, even after the British Parliament overruled King George III and ordered a cessation of arms, Washington remained skeptical of British intentions. Reports suggested that British forces in New York still continued to fortify their lines. Nevertheless, Culper activity was limited and ended for a short time. However, when a British delegate reached Paris in 1782 to discuss peace negotiations, Washington reactivated the Ring. Upon this request to reactivate, Townsend wrote what is likely his last report on September 19, 1782:
The last packet...has indeed brought the clearest and unequivocal Proofs that the independence of America is unconditionally to be acknowledged, nor will there be any conditions insisted on for those who have joined the King's Standard...Sir Guy himself says that he thinks it not improbable that the next Packet may bring orders for an evacuation of N. York.
A fleet is getting ready to sail for the Bay of Fundy about the first of October to transport a large number of Refugees to that Quarter...Indeed, I never saw such general distress and dissatisfaction in my life as is painted in the countenance of every Tory at N.Y.
Life after the Culper Ring.
After the war, Townsend ended his business connections in New York and moved back to Oyster Bay. Townsend never married, sharing his family's home and growing old with his sister Sally.
Townsend likely had a son, Robert Townsend, Jr., and it is unclear who the child's mother was. One possibility is Townsend's housekeeper, Mary Banvard, whom Robert Sr. left $500 in his will. Another possibility is that the mother was a Culper Ring member known today only as Agent 355, however this possibility is unlikely. Questions remain about whether Robert, Jr. was indeed Townsend's son. Solomon Townsend once claimed that Townsend's brother, William, was actually the father.
Robert Townsend died on March 7, 1838, at the age of eighty-four. He managed to take his alternate identity to the grave. The identity of Samuel Culper, Jr. was discovered in 1930 by New York historian Morton Pennypacker. The Townsend home in Oyster Bay is now a museum known as the Raynham Hall Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21452846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452846" title="Brewers Exchange">
Brewers Exchange

Brewers Exchange, also known as Murdock Place, is a historic office building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a three-story Renaissance Revival style building designed by Joseph Evans Sperry (1854-1930) and built in 1896. The façade is faced with terra cotta and includes such decorative elements as two-story half-round Ionic pilasters, cartouches, pediments, window surrounds, a garland frieze, and a balustrade at the edges of a flat roof. It was used by the exchange for only a short time.
Brewers Exchange was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21452847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452847" title="White and Thompson No. 3">
White and Thompson No. 3

The White and Thompson No. 3 was a British flying boat of the First World War. While the prototype was originally designed to compete in an air-race around the UK, eight more similar aircraft were built for the Royal Naval Air Service.
Development and design.
In 1914, the White and Thompson Company Limited, of Bognor Regis, England, who had become exclusive licence holders for Curtiss flying boats for Great Britain the previous year, decided to build two different flying boats, one single-engined and a larger twin-engined machine, to compete in the "Daily Mail" £5,000 Circuit of Britain race for seaplanes, scheduled to start on 10 August that year.
The first to be completed was the single engined machine, designated the White and Thompson No. 2 Flying Boat. This was a two-bay, uneven-span pusher biplane powered by a 120 hp (90 kW) Beardmore built Austro Daimler engine mounted between the upper and lower wings. Its hull, construction of which was subcontracted to S.E.Saunders was of copper sewn mahogony (or Consuta) over a wooden frame and carried a crew of two in a side by side cockpit.
It first flew on 1 August 1914, but was impressed by the Royal Naval Air Service owing to the situation in Europe, with Britain declaring war with Germany on 4 August. An order for eight similar flying boats followed, designated White and Thompson No.3. These had rounded wingtips and a larger tail fin, and had the central fin surface that was mounted above the upper wing centre-section on the prototype replaced by two smaller surfaces above the wings. The production aircraft were powered by a 120 hp Beardmore engine, although one aircraft was fitted with a 150 hp (112 kW) Hispano-Suiza.
Operational history.
The prototype, fitted with bomb-racks, proved reliable and popular, and was operated by the RNAS until being wrecked in June 1915. The first production aircraft was delivered to No. 1 Squadron RNAS on 7 February 1915. The No. 3 flying boats, which could be fitted with a Lewis gun on the port side of the cockpit were used for anti-submarine patrols from various bases both in the United Kingdom and France (with one force landing in the Netherlands and being interned) and latterly for training.

</doc>
<doc id="21452858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452858" title="Richard Hanson (Missouri politician)">
Richard Hanson (Missouri politician)

Richard Hanson served as secretary of state of Missouri in 1994 following the removal from office of his predecessor, Judith Moriarty.
A Democrat from Cole County, Hanson served on an interim basis in 1994 from the time of Moriarty's removal from office by the Missouri Supreme Court following her impeachment by the Missouri House of Representatives until Governor Mel Carnahan appointed Bekki Cook to serve until the following scheduled election for the office.

</doc>
<doc id="21452870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452870" title="Evelyn Verrasztó">
Evelyn Verrasztó

Evelyn Verrasztó (born 17 July 1989 in Budapest) is a Hungarian swimmer, who competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics in 2004, 2008 and 2012.
Her father and coach, Zoltán Verrasztó, and her brother, Dávid Verrasztó are also Olympic swimmers.
Early Life.
Evelyn was born in 1989, 1 year after her brother, Dávid Verrasztó in Budapest. Their father, an Olympic Swimmer coached them to World-Class swimmers.

</doc>
<doc id="21452911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452911" title="USS Shrewsbury (SP-70)">
USS Shrewsbury (SP-70)

USS "Shrewsbury" (SP-70) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.
"Shrewsbury" was built in 1910 by George Lawley & Son at Neponset, Massachusetts, as the private motorboat "Mona". In private use, she subsequently was renamed "Gipsy" (according to one source), then "Topsy". She had been renamed "Shrewsbury" by the time the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner, N. H. McCarter of Newark, New Jersey, on 13 April 1917 for World War I service. She was commissioned as USS "Shrewsbury" (SP-70) on 23 April 1917.
"Shrewsbury" patrolled in the 4th Naval District along the central United States East Coast during World War I.
Stricken from the Navy List on 16 September 1919, "Shrewsbury" was sold on 20 October 1919 or 29 October 1919 to Charles S. McCulloh of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21452918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452918" title="Ivan Obolensky">
Ivan Obolensky

Ivan Obolensky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21452927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452927" title="Villa Repeta">
Villa Repeta

Villa Repeta in Campiglia dei Berici, Province of Vicenza, Italy, is a villa veneta built in 1672, substituting a pre-existing villa designed by Andrea Palladio about 1557 and destroyed by a fire.
It is fruitless to seek Palladio amongst the seventeenth-century forms of the present Villa Repeta. The villa which Palladio built for Mario Repeta — or at least the initial results of his building campaign — was destroyed by fire at an unspecified date, sometime between 1640 and 1672, when it was therefore replaced by the existing new edifice. Therefore Palladio’s Villa Repeta, designed around 1557, can only be reconstructed on the basis of the plate in the "Quattro Libri", although recent studies have raised serious doubts that the engraving can effectively correspond to the project. Rather they suggest that this plate represents Palladio’s usual, a posteriori, theoretical, re-elaboration of an idea, which was in reality compromised by major pre-existing features.
In any case, the project remains extraordinary among Palladio’s output: the structure has a continuous, Doric order, portico of only one storey, which develops entirely horizontally around a rectangular courtyard. The only vertical elements are the two dovecotes at the corners of the complex.
Without the usual hierarchical dialogue between a dominant manorial house and agricultural annexes, the design of the villa might represent the product of a precise initiative on the part of the patrons and reflect the heterodox and egalitarian ideas of the Repeta family (Mario Repeta was denounced to the Holy Office in 1569), restless protagonists in the public life of Vicenza during the 16th century (Cinquecento).
The actual villa was built 1672 by Enea and Scipione Repeta.

</doc>
<doc id="21452931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452931" title="Dennis Johnson (linebacker)">
Dennis Johnson (linebacker)

Dennis Craig Johnson (born June 19, 1958 in Flint, Michigan) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Minnesota Vikings (1980–1985) and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1985).

</doc>
<doc id="21452935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452935" title="List of visual anthropology films">
List of visual anthropology films

digest

</doc>
<doc id="21452936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452936" title="Julian Curry">
Julian Curry

Julian Curry (born 8 December 1937 in Devon) is an English actor best known for playing Claude Erskine-Browne in ITV's comedy-drama "Rumpole of the Bailey".
Television appearances.
The son of William Burnlee Curry and Marjorie Graham Curry, he made his first television appearance in 1965 in an episode of the series "For Whom the Bell Tolls". Other TV appearances include roles in "Pride and Prejudice" (1967), "Softly, Softly" (1968), "Nicholas Nickleby" (1968), "Z-Cars" (1965 & 1975), "The Floater" (1975), "The Way of the World" (1975), "Brassneck" (1975), "The Glittering Prizes" (1976), "Trilby" (1976), "The Onedin Line" (1976), "Campion's Interview" (1977), "Rumpole of the Bailey" (1977–1992), "The Life of Shakespeare" (1978), "Prince Regent" (1979), "The Vanishing Army" (1980), "Psy Warriors" (1981), "A Fine Romance" (1982), "King Lear" (1982), "Three Up, Two Down" (1985), "Lytton's Diary" (1985–86), "Death of a Son" (1989), "Sherlock Holmes" (1991), ' (1991), "Inspector Morse" (1993), "Bugs - Assassins Inc" (1995), "It Might Be You" (1995), "Kavanagh QC" (1997), "The Wyvern Mystery" (2000), ' (2001), "The Hunt" (2001), "Prince William" (2002), "Stig of the Dump" (2002), "Midsomer Murders" (2004), "The Brief" (2005), and "The Queen's Sister" (2005).
Film roles.
Curry's film appearances include "Smashing Time" (1967), "Legacy of Blood" (1978), "Les Brontës" (1978), "The Manions of America" (1981), "Escape to Victory" (1981), "The Missionary" (1982), "Baby" (1985), "Fall From Grace" (1994), "" (1996), "Seven Days to Live" (2000), "Mysteries of Egypt" (1998), and "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow" (2004).
Theatre work.
His appearances with the Royal Shakespeare Company, include roles in "Doctor Faustus" (1969), "Much Ado About Nothing" (1969), "The Hollow Crown" (1976), "Pleasure and Repentance" (1976), "The Winter's Tale", (1984), "The Crucible" (1984), "Krapp's Last Tape" (1984), "The Danton Affair" (1986), "King John" (1989), "Henry VI" (1989), "The Merchant of Venice" (1997), "Talk of the City" (1998), "Back to Methuselah" (2001) and "Women Beware Women" (2006). At the National Theatre he has appeared in "Measure for Measure" (1973), "The Bacchae" (1973), and "The Alchemist" (2006). Other major stage appearances include roles in "Hamlet" (1971), "The Black and White Minstrels" (1973), "Donkey's Years" (1976), "The Importance of Being Earnest" (1977), "The Achurch Letters" (1978), "Outside Edge" (1979), "The Duchess of Malfi" (1981), "Nightshade" (1984), "Samuel Beckett's Company" (1987), "Timon of Athens" (1991), "Cyrano de Bergerac" (1992), "Lust - the musical" (1993), "Richard 2nd" (2006) and "Love - the musical" (2008). He has toured with the Old Vic Company, the RSC and Prospect Theatre Company.
Other work.
Curry also holds a Diploma from the Wine and Spirit Education Trust, and was for some years a freelance member of the Circle of Wine Writers. He has performed his one-man entertainment "Hic! or The Entire History of Wine (abridged)" over 150 times in many parts of the world. He wrote and recorded the Naxos audiobook "A Guide to Wine". He is also the author of "Shakespeare on Stage", a collection of interviews with thirteen leading actors focussing on specific Shakespearean roles. In "Shakespeare on Stage" Curry interviews Brian Cox (about the titular role of Titus Andronicus), Judi Dench (Juliet), Ralph Fiennes (about the titular role of Coriolanus), Rebecca Hall (Rosalind from "As You Like It"), Derek Jacobi (Malvolio from "Twelfth Night"), Jude Law ("Hamlet"), Adrian Lester ("Henry V"), Ian McKellen ("Macbeth"), Helen Mirren (Cleopatra), Tim Pigott-Smith (Leontes from "A Winter's Tale"), Kevin Spacey ("Richard II"), Patrick Stewart (Prospero from "The Tempest"), and Penelope Wilton (Isabella from "Measure for Measure").
He was married to actress Sheila Reid but the marriage was dissolved. He was later married to Josephine Edmunds but the marriage was also dissolved. They have two sons, Finn and Patrick. He is currently married to actress and writer Mary Chater.

</doc>
<doc id="21452944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452944" title="Sablatnig SF-5">
Sablatnig SF-5

__NOTOC__
The Sablatnig SF-5 was a reconnaissance seaplane produced in Germany during the First World War.
Design and development.
Designed to meet a specification by the Imperial German Navy for a higher-powered replacement for the Sablatnig SF-2s then in service, the SF-5 was a very similar aircraft other than in its choice of engine. The first batch (serials 968–987) were delivered between January and May 1917, built in the Navy's HFT classification (unarmed reconnaissance aircraft equipped with wireless transmitter and receiver). They were followed by two further batches (1224–1233 and 1352–1371) between July and September. LVG built the type under licence as a trainer aircraft without any radio equipment, delivering 20 aircraft (1017–1036 and 1214–1223) during the second half of 1917. LFG produced the type in the BFT category (unarmed reconnaissance aircraft equipped with wireless transmitter but not receiver), building ten examples (1459–1468) between September 1917 and February 1918. Sablatnig also produced a single BFT-configured aircraft in February 1918. 
Operational history.
These machines served widely with seaplane stations throughout the North Sea and Baltic Sea. The SF-5 was generally disliked by its aircrews, who dubbed it the "Lame Crow" on account of its poor banking and climbing performance and general sluggishness. Crews found that the supposed cruising speed of production examples was in fact their top speed. Some SF-5s perhaps saw action as bombers against Russian forces, but even those flying reconnaissance missions were easy prey for Russian fighters. At least two SF-5s were captured by the Russians and put to use by them. 
A single SF-5 was fitted with wheeled undercarriage salvaged from another aircraft. Designated SF-6 by the factory, and assigned the designation B.I by the "Idflieg", it was intended to be a landplane trainer, but was not selected for production.

</doc>
<doc id="21452951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452951" title="Brandenburg Gate (disambiguation)">
Brandenburg Gate (disambiguation)

Brandenburg Gate is a world-famous gate on the Pariser Platz in Berlin, Germany.
Brandenburg Gate may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21452961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452961" title="Robert Pennywell">
Robert Pennywell

Robert Pennywell (born November 6, 1954 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Atlanta Falcons.

</doc>
<doc id="21452970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452970" title="Tropical Storm Dodong">
Tropical Storm Dodong

The name Dodong has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21452972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452972" title="Menzel Jemil Delegation">
Menzel Jemil Delegation

Menzel Jemil Delegation is a delegation (county) of the Bizerte Governorate in northwestern Tunisia. It borders on the Bizerte Lagoon. census it had a population of 39,691. 
There are two towns (municipalities) in the Menzel Jemil Delegation, Menzel Jemil and Menzel Abderrahmane; however they are both considered part of the city of Bizerte metropolitan area. 

</doc>
<doc id="21452974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452974" title="HP Pavilion dv2000">
HP Pavilion dv2000

The HP Pavilion dv2000 is a model series of laptop/mobile computers manufactured by Hewlett-Packard Company that features a 14.1" diagonal display.
Models.
Note: The dv2000z series (AMD) was never sold as a CTO option on the HP website. Pre-configured AMD versions were sold worldwide.
Weight And Dimensions.
Note: Weight varies by configuration
Customizable Features.
The following are customizable features only available in the United States (HP CTO Notebooks).
Limited Warranty Service Enhancement.
HP has identified hardware issues with certain HP Pavilion dv2000/dv6000/dv9000 and Compaq Presario V3000/V6000 series notebook PCs, equipped with nvidia chipsets and mostly of them with AMD microprocessors. For the dv2000 series, it includes many models from the dv20xx, dv21xx, dv22xx, dv23xx, and the dv24xx series (where xx is any other 2 digits). The Intel-based dv2000 Core Solo, Core Duo, Core 2 Duo or Pentium Dual Core with the Intel 945 chipset, do not suffer from this problem, except those with dedicated video chip nVidia.
Some symptoms include: 

</doc>
<doc id="21452979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452979" title="Koïma">
Koïma


</doc>
<doc id="21452993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452993" title="Pennsylvania elections, 2010">
Pennsylvania elections, 2010

Pennsylvania held various elections on November 2, 2010. These include elections for a Senate seat, a Gubernatorial race, and many state legislature races.
Federal.
United States Senate.
Former Republican, now Democratic, Senator Arlen Specter was defeated in a primary election to Joe Sestak who is facing Republican Pat Toomey. In a narrow race, Pat Toomey was victorious over Sestak.
United States House.
Twelfth District special election.
A special election was held on May 18, 2010 to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Democratic U.S. Representative John Murtha. On March 8, 2010, the Pennsylvania Democratic Party's Executive Committee nominated Mark Critz, Murtha's former district director. On March 11, a convention of Republicans from the 12th district nominated businessman Tim Burns. The Democrats held the seat in the special election, with Critz defeating Burns. Both, however, will again face-off in November's general election.
General election.
All 19 seats will face an election. Pennsylvania is expected to lose one congressional seat after the 2010 census.
State.
Governor.
A new governor was elected(incumbent Governor Ed Rendell (D) is term limited), Tom Corbett, the Republican, won the general election with 55% of the vote against the Democrat, Dan Onorato, who carried 45% of the final vote.
Judicial positions.
Pennsylvania holds judicial elections in odd-numbered years.
Ballot measures.
At least one statewide ballot question has been proposed for the November 2 ballot:
<br>1. Call for a Constitutional Convention

</doc>
<doc id="21452997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452997" title="Joseph Abadie">
Joseph Abadie

Joseph Louis Irenée Jean Abadie (15 December 1873, Tarbes – 1934) was a French neurologist who is remembered for naming Abadie's symptom.
Brief biography.
Joseph Louis Irenée Jean Abadie was born in 1873 in Tarbes, département Hautes-Pyrénées, France. He studied medicine at the University of Bordeaux, qualifying in 1900. In 1918 he became professor of neurology and psychiatry at Bordeaux. His work included the study of tabes dorsalis and alcoholism. He died in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="21452998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452998" title="Ernie Clark (American football)">
Ernie Clark (American football)

Ernest Robert Clark (born August 11, 1937 in Arcadia, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Detroit Lions and the St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="21452999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21452999" title="Dime Si Te Vas Con Él">
Dime Si Te Vas Con Él

"Dime Si Te Vas Con Él" (English: Tell Me If You Go With Him) is the first single from Flex featuring another fellow Panamanian Mr. Saik, second studio album "La Evolución Romantic Style", "Dime Si Te Vas Con Él" is quickly placed in the top positions globally, following the success of their debut single "Te Quiero". On March 26, 2009 Flex and Pee Wee sang this song along with "Escápate" in Premios Lo Nuestro 2009.
Music video.
The music video was filmed in Panama. It tells the story of a humble employee, played by Flex, that after having an affair with a beautiful girl in town, go away to be conquered by the love of a rich man.
Track listing.
Promo CD (Released on November 29, 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="21453018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453018" title="Marion Black">
Marion Black

Marion Black is an American soul singer and songwriter from Columbus, Ohio, best known for his 1970 song "Who Knows". 
Career.
Black’s career began in 1969, when he approached local music operator Bill Moss, with his self-penned song "Who Knows". The resultant single launched Moss's Capsoul record label. The A-side, "Go On Fool," became a minor hit in 1971, peaking at #39 on the US "Billboard" R&B chart. Black continued his job as a head waiter, and only toured lightly in support of the single. After a dispute over royalties with Capsoul founder Bill Moss, Black left Capsoul for another local label, Prix Records. where he later recorded at Harmonic Sounds. His releases there included "Listen Black Brother", "I'm Gonna Get Loaded", and "(More Love) Is All We Need", but all did not achieve commercial success. 
Later in the 1970s, Black recorded at Jack Casey's Rome Studio on East Broad Street, which yielded another nationally distributed single, "Off The Critical List" on Shakat Records.
Three decades later, a tape with a previously unreleased song entitled "Come On and Gettit" was found at an estate sale in Columbus. 
Black's recordings have featured on two compilation albums issued by The Numero Group. He is represented on "" (2004) by two tracks, "Who Knows" and "Go On Fool". The compilation "Eccentric Soul: The Prix Label" (2007) features "Listen Black Brother", along with the unreleased track "Come On and Gettit". 
The track "Who Knows" was sampled by the American musician RJD2 in the song "Smoke and Mirrors," from his 2002 album "Deadringer". It was also featured on the 2005 soundtrack album "Weeds: Music from the Original Series" from the first season of "Weeds". 
In February 2013, "Who Knows" was featured on a TV BlackBerry advertisement shown during the U.S. Super Bowl game.

</doc>
<doc id="21453026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453026" title="Typhoon Chedeng">
Typhoon Chedeng

The name Chedeng has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21453069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453069" title="Danny Ben-Israel">
Danny Ben-Israel

Danny Ben-Israel was a notable Israeli musician of the late 1960s and early 1970s, producing psychedelic progressive rock with socially concerned lyrics in Hebrew.
Ben-Israel was born in Tel Aviv and started his musical career while still in the Israeli Defence Forces' Northern Command. He had a series of pop hits while still in the army. After leaving the army, he wrote and recorded for films and appeared in several musicals.
He toured Europe in 1968 and settled briefly in Austria to record the LP "Happy Birthday, Rock'n'Roll". He returned to Tel Aviv in early 1969. He hooked up with guitarist Shlomo Mizrahi, leader of power trio Ha'Bama Ha'Hashmalit and recorded 1970's "Bullshit 3¼", one of the first Israeli psychedelic recordings. The album was harshly criticized by the local media and had little commercial success, but has gained a great reputation amongst collectors, being regarded as a "psychedelic masterpiece".
Other notable albums include "The Kathmandu Sessions", recorded soon after "Bullshit 3¼" for a label that went bankrupt and finally issued decades later.
He is still active in music in Israel.
Discography.
"(incomplete)"

</doc>
<doc id="21453080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453080" title="Tom McManus (American football)">
Tom McManus (American football)

Thomas Edward McManus (born July 30, 1970 in Buffalo Grove, Illinois) is a former American football middle linebacker for the Jacksonville Jaguars in the National Football League.
He played high school football at Wheeling High School in Wheeling, Illinois.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Jacksonville Jaguars in 1995, out of Boston College. He only played 5 years in the NFL, all for the Jacksonville Jaguars. He currently resides in Jacksonville, Florida.
He is the host of a TV & Radio sports/entertainment show called "Tom McManus Uncensored". It can be heard weekday mornings from 6a-9a M-F, on Jacksonville's WFXJ (AM). Tom's television show, of the same name, airs on WCWJ weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="21453120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453120" title="Rainbows for Life">
Rainbows for Life

Rainbows For Life (1988 - September 1, 2012) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred and raced by Sam-Son Farm, he was trained by Olympic Gold Medalist and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Jim Day.
A multiple Graded stakes race winner who competed successfully on both grass and dirt, Rainbows For Life won three Sovereign Awards for racing. Sold to Czech Republic breeders, he was the Leading sire in the Czech Republic in 1999, 2004, 2005, 2006, and the Leading sire in Slovakia in 1999. He also stood at stud in Australia, but with limited success. Rainbows for Life was euthanized in the Czech Republic on September 1, 2012 due to the infirmities of old age . He was 24.

</doc>
<doc id="21453136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453136" title="Tracy Rogers">
Tracy Rogers

Tracy Darin Rogers (born August 13, 1967 in Taft, California) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="21453150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453150" title="Giftless">
Giftless

Giftless is an illustrated book by Oren Ginzburg published in December 2008 by Hungry Man Books.
Overview.
The book is built around 20 watercolour pictures, each accompanied by one or two sentences.
'Giftless' is a satire on management and corporate thinking featuring an attempt to replace Santa Claus with a "Strategic Manager" - one who is determined to take the company to the next level.

</doc>
<doc id="21453156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453156" title="Leslie Chamberlain">
Leslie Chamberlain

Leslie "Les" Chamberlain (birth registered January→March ) birth registered in Leeds North district, is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, Bramley, Hull Kingston Rovers, and Leeds, as a , , i.e. number 8 or 10, 11 or 12, or, 13, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
Rugby Football League Championship appearances.
Les Chamberlain played Right-, i.e. number 12 in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat by Wigan in the 1959–60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Les Chamberlain played left-, i.e. number 12 in the 38-5 victory over Hull in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 14 May 1960.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Les Chamberlain played in Wakefield Trinity's 23-5 victory over Hunslet in the 1956–57 Yorkshire Cup final, 20-14 defeat by Leeds in the 1958–59 Yorkshire Cup final, and played Right-, i.e. number 10, in the 16-10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 October 1960.
Tour Match Appearances.
Les Chamberlain played , i.e. number 13, in Wakefield Trinity's 17-12 victory over Australia in the tour match at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Monday 10 December 1956.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""Les Chamberlain, a product of Leeds and District Amateur R.L., made his senior début in December 1955. He played regularly at loose-forward and in the second row, appearing in Trinity's Yorkshire Cup final teams of 1956 and 1958. A broken leg halted his career in October, 1958 and he took no part in senior football during the following season. He came back into our pack in October, 1959, and played in our Wembley side and also in the N.R.L. Championship Final. Last season, mainly at prop forward, he made 25 appearances. His full playing record with us is:- Appearances 110. Tries 14. Points 42."" 
Genealogical information.
Les Chamberlain's marriage to Lily Geary (birth registered April→June 1939 in Wakefield district) was registered during October→December 1959 in Wakefield district. They had children; Garry J. Chamberlain (birth registered during July→September 1961 in Lower Agbrigg district). Les Chamberlain's wife Lily was the youngest sister of Molly who married Stanley Smith, and Peggy who married Albert Firth.

</doc>
<doc id="21453166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453166" title="Brown's Arcade">
Brown's Arcade

Brown's Arcade is a historic retail and office building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It consists of four early 19th century brick rowhouses. Architect Henry F. Brauns redesigned a row of four, three story buildings in 1904 into the original Brown’s Arcade, with the application of Colonial Revival details over the original Federal-style façade. It was converted to a series of small shops; bordering a straight central walkway with offices above. The rear courtyard contains two-story brick structures with shed roofs and a two-story Renaissance Revival style structure.
Brown's Arcade was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21453172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453172" title="Suhre">
Suhre

The river Suhre (also Sure) is a 34 kilometer long tributary of the river Aare in the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Aargau. The river sources in Lake Sempach at an altitude of 504 meters above sea level, and joins the Aare east of the town Aarau at an altitude of 362 meters. The most important side valley is the Ruedertal, which joins the Suhre valley at Schöftland.
In medieval age, the river had several different names: "Suron" (1036), "Suranum flumen" (1210), "Sure" (1241). Today, the name is written without „h“ in the canton of Lucerne, and with „h“ in the canton of Aargau. The most important tributaries are the Ruederche joining at Schöftland, the Uerke joining at Unterentfelden and the Wyna joining at Suhr.

</doc>
<doc id="21453173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453173" title="Katinka Hosszú">
Katinka Hosszú

Katinka Hosszú (born May 3, 1989 in Pécs, Baranya) is a female Hungarian swimmer, who has competed three times at the Summer Olympics: 2004, 2008, and 2012. She currently swims for the Vasas SC, Hungary, under head coach Shane Tusup.
Swimming career.
She won her first medal at the 2004 European Short Course Championships, a bronze in 400m medley.
At the 2009 World Championships she won two bronze medals in 200 m medley and 200 m butterfly, before becoming World Champion in 400 m medley. She was elected Hungarian Sportswoman of the Year for her achievements.
At the 2010 European Championships held in her homecountry, she won a silver medal in 400 m medley and became European Champion in 200 m butterfly, 200 m medley and as a member of the 4×200 m freestyle relay team.
Competing in the 2012 Summer Olympics, she finished fourth in the final of the Women's 400 Meter individual medley, with a time of 4:33.49.
At the 2013 World Championships, she pulled out of the 100m backstroke after qualifying second in the heats, to concentrate on the final of the 200m individual medley which she subsequently won with a time of 2:07.92.
At the 2013 World Cup she set world records in 100m IM, 200m IM and 400m IM, breaking 200m record two times and 100m record three times during the World Cup series.

</doc>
<doc id="21453181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453181" title="Isaak Abelin">
Isaak Abelin

Isaak Abelin (6 February 1883, Bern – 1965) was a Swiss physiologist known for describing the Abelin reaction. He qualified in medicine at the University of Bern in 1910, and became professor of physiology in 1927. He worked in the fields of nutrition, metabolism and the thyroid gland.

</doc>
<doc id="21453182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453182" title="Ryan Phillips (American football)">
Ryan Phillips (American football)

Richard Ryan Phillips (born February 7, 1974 in Renton, Washington) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the New York Giants and the Indianapolis Colts. He was a third round draft selection in the 1997 NFL Draft, the 68th overall pick. At the time, one of his hobbies was skydiving.
Phillips played high school football in the Seattle area at Auburn Senior High School in Auburn, Washington, and college football for the Vandals of the University of Idaho in Moscow. He was the Big Sky Conference defensive player of the year and an All-American (Division I-AA) as a junior in 1995 at defensive end. Phillips moved to outside linebacker as a senior in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21453193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453193" title="Ruth Bradley">
Ruth Bradley

Ruth Bradley (born Sharon Ruth Bradley 24 January 1987) is an Irish actress.
Career.
Bradley's first screen appearance were in 2002 in "Ultimate Force" (as Georgia Gracey) and "Sinners" (as Angela).
Since then, she has had recurring roles in "The Clinic" (3 episodes, 2003), "Love Is the Drug" (4 episodes, 2004), "Legend" (6 episodes, 2006), "The Innocence Project" (8 episodes, 2006-7), "Plus One" (6 episodes, 2007-9) and "Love/Hate" (series 1 and 2).
She presented at the 4th Irish Film and Television Awards in 2007. She won the IFTA Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2007 for "Stardust". In 2009 Bradley starred in the film "In Her Skin", the true story of an Australian teen who goes missing and is later found to have been murdered by her childhood friend (played by Bradley). Bradley won a Best Actress award at the Milan International Film Festival 2010 for her performance.
In late 2010, she filmed the female lead in the Irish monster movie "Grabbers", which opened in August 2012 and later screened worldwide.
She had a recurring role as Emily Merchant in the fourth and fifth series of the ITV science fiction show "Primeval".
She played Molly O'Sullivan in the Big Finish Doctor who series; Dark Eyes (audio drama)
Personal life.
Bradley was born in Ireland to IFTA winning actress Charlotte Bradley. Bradley lived in Newfoundland, Canada from shortly after birth until she was five.
She enrolled in Trinity College Dublin to study drama and languages, but dropped out after three weeks and moved to London to pursue acting full-time.

</doc>
<doc id="21453194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453194" title="Chirac Marcov">
Chirac Marcov

Chirac Marcov is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the early 2000s. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 2001 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Poznań.

</doc>
<doc id="21453201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453201" title="Diafarabé">
Diafarabé

A market takes place in the village on Mondays and serves many settlements in the surrounding area.
Every year in late November thousands of cattle are shepherded across the Diaka as they return to the grazing areas in the Inner Niger Delta. The "Traversée des Animaux" is an important festival for village.

</doc>
<doc id="21453220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453220" title="David Grayson (American football)">
David Grayson (American football)

David Lee Grayson, Jr. (born February 27, 1964 in San Diego, California) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Cleveland Browns and San Diego Chargers. Grayson played college football at Fresno State and prepped at Lincoln High in Southeast San Diego.
Grayson's father, Dave Grayson,
played three years in the AFL with the Dallas Texans, the Kansas City Chiefs and the Oakland Raiders and then 6 years in the NFL after the two leagues merged.

</doc>
<doc id="21453223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453223" title="Venca">
Venca

Venca is a Spanish trademark within the textile industry, CIFDSA, which belongs to 3 Suisses International, specialising in mail order in 14 different countries.
The company is currently located in Camí de les Oliveres, n º 1, 08800 Vilanova i la Geltrú, Barcelona, Spain.
Shareholder structure.
Venca belongs to the group 3 Suisses International available in Austria, Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg and Portugal, USA, China, Japan and Argentina, whose ownership structure belongs to:
Products.
Textile products such as woman clothing, lingerie, homewares, home decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="21453227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453227" title="Anna Maria of Anhalt">
Anna Maria of Anhalt

Anna Maria of Anhalt (; Zerbst, 13 June 1561 – Brzeg, 14 November 1605), was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and a princess of Anhalt. After her marriage, she was Duchess of Legnica-Brzeg-Oława-Wołów.
Anna Maria was the eldest daughter of Joachim Ernest, Prince of Anhalt, by his first wife Agnes, daughter of Wolfgang I, Count of Barby-Mühlingen.
Life.
In 1570, the nine-year-old Anna Maria succeeded her paternal aunt Elisabeth as Abbess of Gernrode and Frose. This dignity was only titular, however; the territory had in reality been incorporated into the principality of Anhalt, with her father as "administrator" and holder of Gernrode's vote in the Reichstag.
In 1577, Anna Maria was relieved from her post as abbess in order to marry Joachim Frederick, eldest son and heir of George II the Pious, Duke of Brzeg. The wedding took place in Brzeg on 19 May of that year. Her successor as abbess was her younger sister Sibylla.
Duke George II died in 1586 and was succeeded by his sons, but only in Oława and Wołów, because Brzeg was given to his wife Barbara of Brandenburg as her "Oprawa wdowia" ("dower rights"). Anna Maria and her husband settled in Oława. Only three years later, in 1589, Anna Maria gave birth the first of the six children she produced during her marriage.
After the death of his brother John George in 1592, Joachim Frederick became sole ruler of Oława-Wołów. After John George's widow relinquished her "Oprawa wdowia" in 1594 and Barbara of Brandenburg died in 1595, Joachim Frederick was finally able to re-unite the entire duchy. In his will, completed on 16 December 1595, he gave the district of Oława to his wife as her "Oprawa wdowia".
Joachim Frederick died on 25 March 1602. Anna Maria assumed the regency on behalf of their two surviving sons, John Christian and George Rudolf, who were minors at that time. In addition to her position as regent, she was the reigning Duchess of Oława as "Oprawa wdowia". 
Anna Maria died only three years after her husband. Because her sons were still underage, she was succeeded in the regency by her sister-in-law Elisabeth Magdalena of Brieg and her husband Charles II of Poděbrady, Duke of Ziębice-Oleśnica, until 1609, when John Christian attained his majority and assumed the government by himself.

</doc>
<doc id="21453228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453228" title="Southland Mall (Houma, Louisiana)">
Southland Mall (Houma, Louisiana)

Southland Mall is a one-level enclosed shopping mall located in Houma, Louisiana, at the intersection of Bayou Gardens Boulevard and West Park Avenue. The mall services the Houma-Thibodaux area in southeast Louisiana.
Southland Mall has more than 70 unique stores, along with assorted restaurants and services. With the 2007 closure of the Southland Cinema, the mall has three anchor stores: Dillard's, JCPenney, and Sears. The Dillard's presence comes as a result of the 1989 acquisition of New Orleans-based department store D.H. Holmes. Major national retail outlets in the mall include American Eagle Outfitters, Victoria's Secret, Spencer Gifts, Bath and Body Works, and Aeropostale. Restaurant outlets in the mall include Auntie Anne's, Frozen Delights Yogurt, Tokyo, Cinnamonster, Great American Cookie Co. and Corn Dog 7. The mall also holds a small arcade suited for kids when parents are out shopping. Chase operates a banking location on the mall's outparcels. 
The shopping mall is located in close proximity to the Houma Power Center.
Mall hours are Monday through Saturday from 10am to 9pm and Sunday from 12pm to 6pm.

</doc>
<doc id="21453243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453243" title="Beatles (novel)">
Beatles (novel)

Beatles is a novel written by the Norwegian author Lars Saabye Christensen. The book was first published in 1984. It takes its title from the English rock band The Beatles, and all the chapters are named after Beatles songs or albums. The book tells the story of four Oslo boys in the years from 1965 to 1972, recapitulating their adolescent years and early adulthood. The boys have a common interest - worship of the Beatles, and take on the names of the group members, John, Paul, George and Ringo. Each of them shares some characteristics with the chosen member.
Plot.
The main character and storyteller, Kim Karlsen (Paul), is writing the entire story in flashbacks from a sheltered and closed summer residence in the Nesodden area. He has recently escaped from the asylum of Gaustad in Oslo. He rewrites his story from the spring of 1965 to the present day (winter 1972-1973).
Kim and his friends, Gunnar (John), Sebastian (George) and Ola (Ringo), played football together, collected Beatles records and stole attributes from cars. This last hobby was abandoned after an incident with an embassy car, and the entire collection was dumped in the fjord. Kim is known as a notorious liar, while Gunnar is the truth-seeker. Ola is the stuttering fat one, and Sebastian is a spiritualist. In time, Kim is the first to get a girlfriend, Nina, who is on and off over the years. The boys get involved in the Norwegian hippie movement in the late 1960s, experiment with drugs, and Sebastian gets so hooked the others have to look for him in Paris, where he lives the life of a junkie, but is saved by his friends (1968). Kim has a nervous breakdown and tells the end of his story from inside the asylum at the time of the Norwegian European Communities membership referendum, 1972. He escapes as the result is clear and retires to Nesodden for writing his story. The last we hear is from Nina, now pregnant with his child, before the book closes.
political perspective.
The four boys mature during the political struggle of the 1960s, and end up as left-wings, inspired by people around them. The "upper class" mentality of the western Oslo society is evident, and Kim describes how his sentiments gradually go to the left. Three characters in the book seem to be propagating this view:
Historical inaccuracies.
The most notable historical inaccuracy in the original Beatles novel, is Kim Karlsen`s reaction and reflections around the picture of the Napalm Girl, mentioned as early as in the 1965 chapters, whereas the picture itself was taken in June 1972. To be charitable, the older Kim may have seen the picture that summer and blended it in with his adolescent memories, as the book closes in the spring of 1973.
Sequels.
"Beatles" had two sequels, "Bly" ("Lead") in 1990, and "Bisettelsen" ("The Funeral"), in 2008.
Bly.
The sequel "Bly" (1990), tells the story of Kim after he returns from Florence in 1974, a year after the end of "Beatles". He meets Sebastian, now an underground poet, and Vivi, a girl from Holmenkollen. The story tells how Kim had his penis injured during a blowjob in Florence, where he played the piano (or so he says). Much of the story centers round Kim`s uncle Hubert, a con artist, who specializes in faking the great ones, like Picasso, while playing insane. When his scheme is revealed, he drowns himself at Bygdøy. Vivi is an art student, and much of the novel discuss relations between copies and originals.
At the end of the book, Kim has published a collection of poems with the help of Seb. It is evident that they worked on it together, but the identity of Kim and Seb blurs somewhat during the novel. Lars Saabye Christensen himself shows up early in the novel, reading one of his early poems to no avail at a poetry slam in Oslo.
Bisettelsen.
"Bisettelsen" ("The Funeral", 2008), tells the story of how Kim dies in January 2001, 49 years old. Here, the fates of the characters are revealed. Gunnar was connected to the left-wing movement Workers' Communist Party (AKP-(ml) in Norwegian) until the death of John Lennon in 1980. This incident changed the life of both Gunnar, Ola and Seb. Gunnar became an archaeologist, Seb a teacher, and Ola a hairdresser, like his father.
Kim is found naked and dead at a hotel room in Sortland, and his only relative is Nina, who took care of their daughter Eleanor (named after "Eleanor Rigby"), who is deaf from birth. The others are told by her of the death of Kim; they have received short letters from Kim, allegedly from Rongbuk. He claimed to have climbed Mount Everest. The story also reveals, among other things, that Kim had a sister, Kaja, who died early, and never mentioned afterwards. We also learn that Hubert, the supposed uncle, may be Kim's real father. And barely mentioned, that Kim really lived most of his life at a ward for mentally distorted, something even Gunnar denies at the end, trusting Kim´s Rongbuk postcard more than the asylum priest.
This book, like the first one, takes the chapter titles from Beatles' songs, but this book has chapters named solely from "Magical Mystery Tour", a record totally absent from the original novel (except for "I Am the Walrus"). The "mystery tour" is Kim's journey through the land of the dead, referencing both "Peer Gynt" and "Divina Commedia". Half of the novel is related by death himself (or herself), the other is related by "the other one", presumably the author. There is also the voice of Kim, through parts of his own manuscript, parts of which never reached the finished edition of "Beatles". One presumed his mother edited them out.
Further references to "Peer Gynt" is given, as Kim himself is a notorious liar and poet, like Peer. His "Solveig" is Nina, who dwells in his "hut", the flat he grew up in, and keeping a symbolical "silver button" (like the one Peer gave to Solveig): in fact the Mercedes logo Kim snatched from a car at the very start of "Beatles".

</doc>
<doc id="21453249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453249" title="Tom Tumulty">
Tom Tumulty

Thomas Patrick Tumulty (born February 11, 1973 in Penn Hills, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals.

</doc>
<doc id="21453260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453260" title="Roman Rykiewicz">
Roman Rykiewicz

Roman Rynkiewicz (born November 17, 1981) is a Polish sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s. He won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (C-4 1000 m: 2002) and two bronzes (C-1 4 x 200 m: 2010, C-4 1000 m: 2003).
Rynkiewicz also finished ninth in the C-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="21453263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453263" title="Priest Hutton">
Priest Hutton

Priest Hutton is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England. It is located north east of Carnforth, in the City of Lancaster, close to the boundary with Cumbria. In the 2001 census Priest Hutton had a population of 177.
The village, situated off the A6070 is in a rural area, and has few facilities of its own. The village school closed in 1978, and the nearest school and post office are at Burton-in-Kendal, north of the county boundary. Other facilities, such as Borwick and Priest Hutton Memorial Hall, and St Mary's Church, are shared with the neighbouring village of Borwick, south of Priest Hutton. Priest Hutton has no parish council, instead there is a parish meeting at the Memorial Hall.
In the south west corner of the parish, at Tewitfield, there is a marina on the Lancaster Canal, currently the northern terminus of the canal's navigable section.
The former Archbishop of York, Matthew Hutton, was born in the village in 1529.

</doc>
<doc id="21453277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453277" title="Bayn al-Qasrayn">
Bayn al-Qasrayn

Bayn al-Qasrayn is the district and plaza between two palaces constructed by the Fatimid dynasty in mediaeval Islamic Cairo, within present day Cairo, Egypt. It is an element in the Fatimid Caliphate founding of the new city of Cairo.
Fatimid founding.
The Fatimid dynasty established itself in Egypt in 969 C.E. Upon their arrival the Fatimid caliphs began to build a new state north of the old capital city of Fustat. Gawhar al-Siqilli, a Fatimid general, founded the new city Cairo. He was in charge of planning, building and constructing the new city of Cairo. He organized the town in such a way that the caliphal palace was at the center.
Fifty years after the construction of the first palace, another smaller palace was erected to the west of the first. The area and plaza between these two palaces received the name of “Bayn al-Qasrayn”.
Ayyubid development.
As the centuries progressed, Cairo developed into a full-scale urban center. Beginning with the Ayyubids and continuing thought the Bahri Mamluk rule, the higher powers of the city wanted to rid the area of its past Fatimid history, starting with the center palace structures. The palaces and the area surrounding them were reconstructed. Thus, the area became the central location in the immense city.
Ibn Batutah, who visited in 1326, reinforced this concept and commented that the space of Bayn al-Qasrayn was, “beyond one’s ability to describe.” The additional buildings include hospitals, tombs, educational centers and commercial shops, making the area of Bayn al-Qasrayn a busy street. The Egyptian historian Al-Maqrizi counted 12,000 shops on Qasabah Street alone.
Qasabah Street.
Qasabah Street became the main commercial street stemming from the Bayn al-Qasrayn in Fatimid Cairo, where book dealers, spice and nut suppliers, saddle makers, and cloth merchants sold their goods to the people of Cairo. The Bayn al-Qasrayn became totally integrated as Qasabah Street during the Bahri Mamluk era.
From the original Bayn al-Qasrayn layout the Qasabah expanded into a mile-long street which extended from the northern to the southern gates of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21453296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453296" title="Artie Ulmer">
Artie Ulmer

Charles Artie Ulmer (born July 30, 1973 in Rincon, Georgia) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played for the Minnesota Vikings (1997), the Denver Broncos (1999), the San Francisco 49ers (2000), and the Atlanta Falcons (2001–2005).

</doc>
<doc id="21453306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453306" title="Phil Sproson">
Phil Sproson

Phillip Jess "Phil" Sproson (born 13 October 1959) is an English former footballer who played as a central defender. He played in 500 matches (426 in the league) for Port Vale and scored 41 goals (33 in the league), this places him second in the list of appearances for Port Vale. He was the nephew of legendary Vale defender Roy Sproson and son of Jess Sproson, who played for Vale between 1940 and 1947.
He helped Port Vale to win promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1982–83 and 1985–86, and was twice named on the PFA Team of the Year. Forced to retire in February 1989 due to a knee injury, he attempted a comeback with Birmingham City, and later represented Stafford Rangers and Northwich Victoria.
Playing career.
Sproson was spotted by Port Vale coach Reg Berks after Berks visited Thistley Hough High School to see the team play. After asking for the youngster's address, he paid him a visit later in the day to get him on a contract, at which point he discovered the youngster was the nephew of Vale's manager, Roy Sproson. Berks asked the uncle why he had not told him he had a young family member who could play football, to which he responded "I didn't know I'd got one!". In the Vale youth team, Sproson was a midfielder, though as he grew into a tall young man he was converted into a centre-half role. Sproson was only initially a semi-pro at Vale as his father wished him to have a trade. He rejected an apprenticeship at Stoke City and instead became an apprentice electrician until new manager Bobby Smith offered him forms with Port Vale in December 1977.
He featured in two Third Division games towards the end of the 1977–78 season. With the "Valiants" relegated into the Fourth Division, Sproson found first team chances easier to come by at Vale Park as he played 25 games in the 1978–79 season under the stewardship of Dennis Butler. He scored his first senior goal on 15 September 1979, in a 5–0 home win over Northampton Town. He established himself in the first team under new boss John McGrath, and played 40 games in the 1979–80 season. He went on to feature 50 times in the 1980–81 campaign, and missed just three games all season. He scored five goals in 51 games in the 1981–82 season, after missing just four league matches. The 1982–83 season proved highly successful for Sproson; he was a regular in the first team, claiming four goals in 45 games, and was included in the PFA select Fourth Division side as Vale were promoted in third place.
The club suffered relegation in 1983–84, with Sproson scoring four goals in 44 appearances. Sproson maintained his first team place in the 1984–85 campaign under the management of John Rudge, as he played 54 of the Vale's 56 games. In the 1985–86 season, Sproson was appointed as club captain, and missed just two games as Port Vale were again promoted out of the Fourth Division; he was again selected in the PFA team of the year. He scored four goals in 52 appearances in the 1986–87 season, as the only real constant presence in the Vale defence. He missed just four of Vale's 56 games in the 1987–88 season, and claimed the winning goal in the FA Cup giant-killing of First Division Tottenham Hotspur. The 1988–89 season saw Vale promoted from the Third Division; Sproson scored five goals in 29 games. In January 1989, Sproson suffered a severe knee injury during training and retired the following month. His testimonial match was held against rivals Stoke City on 21 March 1988, Vale drew the game 1–1, and Sproson collected £12,000 of the takings.
Against medical advice, Sproson attempted a return to league football. In August 1989 he joined Dave Mackay's Birmingham City, who were obliged to pay Port Vale a "fee" of £50,000 in lieu of insurance money. He played 12 Third Division and four League Cup games for the "Blues" in the 1989–90 season, but a re-occurrence of his knee injury meant he was unable to perform at the required fitness levels, and he retired again in September 1990. He did though later play for Conference sides Stafford Rangers and Northwich Victoria.
Post-retirement.
Sproson worked as head of the PFA's Player Management Agency, but stood down in March 2009.
Sproson set up Genesis Sports Management in 2009 and has worked as an agent to players such as Curtis Davies, Marlon Harewood and Liam Dickinson. He has completed transfers and contracts within the Premier League, Championship and abroad – including territories as far from the UK as China.

</doc>
<doc id="21453311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453311" title="Dominic Carroll">
Dominic Carroll

Dominic Carroll (born 15 November 1983, Amsterdam) is a Gibraltarian track athlete.
Notable achievements include medals at the Youth Centennial Games (organised by the International Olympic Committee to celebrate its centenary), and four medals at three Island Games. He has also competed in a number of World and European championships. In 2010 prior to the European Athletics Championships he was hailed as the "True Spirit of Barcelona 2010" and picked out as one to watch during the competition, unfortunately he was disqualified due to a false start and could not compete after falling victim to the IAAFs new one chance ruling when it came to false starts. He is currently training towards competing in the 400m event but has competed over various distances in the past.
International Championships Attended
IOC Youth Centennial Games, Aalborg, Denmark, 1996
IOC Jr Olympics, Moscow, Russia, 1998
IAAF World Youth Athletics Championships, Bydgoszcz, Poland, 1999
IIGA Island Games, Isle of Man, Great Britain, 2001
IAAF World Cross Country Championships, Vilamoura, Portugal 2000
IAAF World Cross Country Championships, Oostende, Belgium 2001
EAA European Athletics Championships, Munich, Germany, 2002
IIGA Island Games, Guernsey, Great Britain, 2003
IAAF World Athletics Championships, Paris, France, 2003
IIGA Island Games, Shetland Islands, Great Britain, 2005
EAA European Indoor Athletics Championships, Birmingham, Great Britain, 2007
IIGA Island Games, Rhodes, Greece, 2007
EAA European Indoor Athletics Championships, Turin, Italy, 2009
IIGA Island Games, Aland, Finland, 2009
IAAF World Athletics Championships, Berlin, Germany, 2009
EAA European Athletics Championships, Barcelona, Spain, 2010
IIGA Island Games, Isle of Wight, Great Britain, 2011
IAAF World Indoor Athletics Championships, İstanbul, Turkey, 2012
EAA European Indoor Athletics Championships, Gothenburg, Sweden, 2013
IIGA Island Games, Bermuda, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="21453312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453312" title="Ágnes Mutina">
Ágnes Mutina

Ágnes Mutina (born April 19, 1988 in Miskolc, Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén) is a female Hungarian swimmer, who twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2004 and 2008.
In 2010 at the European Championships held in her homecountry she came fourth in the 4×100 m freestyle and became European champion as part of the 4×200 m freestyle relay team.

</doc>
<doc id="21453325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453325" title="Toine van Mierlo">
Toine van Mierlo

Antonius Wilhelmus Matthias Theodore "Toine" van Mierlo (born 24 August 1957), known in England as Tony van Mierlo, is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a forward or left winger.
Van Mierlo was born in Soerendonk. He played for PSV Eindhoven, Willem II, MVV Maastricht and VVV-Venlo in the Netherlands, for Birmingham City in England and for R.W.D. Molenbeek, K.A.A. Gent and K.R.C. Harelbeke in Belgium. He won three caps for the Netherlands national football team in 1980. After his playing career ended he joined the coaching staff at former club Willem II, and later became chief scout for Roda JC.

</doc>
<doc id="21453335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453335" title="Adversarial purchasing">
Adversarial purchasing

Adversarial purchasing is a form of strategic management designed to increase competition for a buyer's business in business-to-business relationships while simultaneously lowering the firm's dependence on a single supplier. Successful implementation of this strategy can lower the firm's prices and raise the service and attention from its suppliers.

</doc>
<doc id="21453343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453343" title="Rik Bonness">
Rik Bonness

Richard Kyes "Rik" Bonness (born March 20, 1954) is a former American football linebacker for four seasons in the NFL for the Oakland Raiders and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. 
Bonness played high school football in Nebraska at Bellevue High School in Bellevue, a suburb south of Omaha. He graduated from high school in 1972 and then played college football at Nebraska, where he was a center on the offensive line. In his senior season of 1975 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team, Bonness was a consensus All-American.

</doc>
<doc id="21453348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453348" title="Minuscule 210">
Minuscule 210

Minuscule 210 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A133 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th or 12th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains almost complete text of the four Gospels, on 372 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, in various number of lines per page.
It has only one lacunae in Matthew 1:1-2:18, it was supplied by a later hand.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages.
It contains pictures. The biblical text is surrounded by a (Catenae). In the Gospel of Mark, the commentary is by Victorinus of Pettau. There are rich blue and gold illuminations and pictures of Saint Mark and Luke.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
It was examined by Birch and Burgon. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886. 
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Marciana (Fondo ant. 27), at Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="21453351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453351" title="Total Music">
Total Music

Total Music was a digital music distribution service created by Universal Music Group and Sony BMG. It was started in 2007 and closed down in 2009. The venture never actually resulted in any products or services used by consumers.
Total Music was initially conceived as a subscription service which would offer downloads of DRM-laden audio files to consumers. The subscription was to be incorporated into the price of digital audio playback devices; consumers would buy the device and get a "free" subscription, enabling access, for a limited time, to the participating record labels' catalogs. This plan was scrapped when an anti-trust inquiry by the United States Department of Justice in early 2008 expressed concern that the major record companies were colluding to provide an unfair advantage to Total Music.
Total Music was then conceived as a streaming service to be incorporated into social networking sites—particularly Facebook—in a model similar to what was already in place through agreements between the record companies and MySpace: in exchange for user data and advertising revenue, Total Music would grant the social network a license to use the participating labels' music. To provide a back end, Total Music acquired Ruckus Network, and EMI was brought on to add to Universal and Sony BMG's catalog, but Warner Music Group, the remaining major label, did not want to participate. More importantly, Total Music was unable to get Facebook to agree to hand over user data and ad revenue.
Layoffs ensued, and Ruckus was closed down. Soon after, Total Music itself was shuttered.
In its final months, the company also experimented with providing a streaming service widget for websites and blogs. The widget never made it out of beta.

</doc>
<doc id="21453354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453354" title="Ardvreck School">
Ardvreck School

Ardvreck School is an independent boarding school, located in Crieff in Perth and Kinross, Scotland. It was established in 1883. 
History.
When W E Frost founded Ardvreck as a Preparatory School in 1883, he did so with the intention of teaching all of his pupils 'patience, justice, obedience and unselfishness'.
Most of the classrooms have been built since 1983.
Academic.
Senior school destinations have included Fettes College, Gordonstoun, Lomond School, Loretto School, Eton College, Harrow School, Uppingham School, Oundle School, Sherborne School, Ampleforth College, Rugby School, Stowe School, Marlborough College, Millfield, Bryanston School, Merchiston Castle School, Sedbergh School and Strathallan School. However more pupils go to nearby Glenalmond College than any other senior school.
Boarding.
The junior boarders aged 8–11 live in Junior House. In their last two years, the boys live in MacLellan House whilst the girls live in Erskine.

</doc>
<doc id="21453360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453360" title="Damien Covington">
Damien Covington

Damien Emere Covington (December 4, 1972November 29, 2002) was a professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was a 3rd round selection (96th overall pick) in the 1995 NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills out of North Carolina State University. He played for the Bills for three seasons (1995–1997). He was killed in an attempted robbery while at a friends apartment. 
He attended Overbrook High School in Pine Hill, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="21453361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453361" title="Providence (album)">
Providence (album)

Providence is the third full length album from Finnish post-metal band Callisto. It was released on February 18, 2009 in Finland and Sweden, and March 4 for the Vinyl version, March 27 internationally, and May 26 in the United States. It was released in CD form by Fullsteam Records and a 12" double vinyl by Svart Records. This album is also the debut for the band’s new vocalist Jani Ala-Hukkala.

</doc>
<doc id="21453368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453368" title="The Old Days Feeling">
The Old Days Feeling

The Old Days Feeling is a collection of out-of-print, reissued, and unreleased songs by Portland artist Mirah. Additionally, the album features collaborative work by Phil Elvrum and Calvin Johnson of K Records. Released to a positive reception in 2008, the album received a score of 7/10 by PopMatters.
Production.
In the genre of indie rock recorded in a lo-fi style, many tracks are similar in nature to Mirah's debut album, "You Think It's Like This But Really It's Like This". Additionally, the album features collaborative work by Phil Elvrum, who had produced "Advisory Committee" and "C'mon Miracle", and Calvin Johnson, who also wrote the liner notes.
It was released on the record label Modern Radio on July 15, 2008.
Reception.
The album met a largely positive reception. Pitchfork Media gave it 7.5/10, Tiny Mix Tapes gave it 3.5/5, and PopMatters gave it 7/10.

</doc>
<doc id="21453377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453377" title="Leroy Troy">
Leroy Troy

Leroy Troy (May 23, 1966) is an old-time banjo player from Goodlettsville, Tennessee. His banjo style is the clawhammer or frailing style, distinct from more commonly found Scruggs style banjo playing in modern bluegrass. He often performs humorous or comedy songs from the old-time music genre, with fine fiddling and excellent harmony singing by Lester and son Mike Armistead. Troy often uses a washboard with various sound making devices affixed to it. The "Bicycle Wreck" song is often played by Troy on the washboard, accompanied by the TMJB. Major musical influence attributed to Uncle Dave Macon and others taught by him. Troy debuted on the Grand Ole Opry in 1988 and was the National Old-Time Banjo Champion in 1996.
Troy is known as "the Tennessee Slicker" and "The Sultan of Goodlettsville" and plays with the Tennessee Mafia Jugband and Marty Stuart, appearing weekly on The Marty Stuart show on RFD-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="21453404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453404" title="Viktor Oskar Tilgner">
Viktor Oskar Tilgner

Viktor Oskar Tilgner (25 October 1844 - 16 April 1896) was an Austrian sculptor of Carpathian German origin.
Tilgner, who was born in Pressburg (nowadays Bratislava) was a representative of the neo-Baroque in Austria. His students included Emil Fuchs and John Werz. Tilgner "specialized in portrait busts and statues, fountains and tombs for Austrian worthies."
He died, aged 51, in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21453406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453406" title="Tim Terry">
Tim Terry

Timothy L. Terry (born July 26, 1974 in Hempstead, New York) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals and Seattle Seahawks. He is currently an Assistant Director of Pro Personnel for the Green Bay Packers. He won the 1999 Grey Cup with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.

</doc>
<doc id="21453417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453417" title="Curtis Harrison">
Curtis Harrison

Curtis Harrison (born December 31, 1978) is a Canadian actor born in Welland, Ontario. Harrison co-starred in the Sci-Fi series 2030 CE, has guest-starred on various television shows and has worked both in front of and behind the camera since 2000. He is also known for playing legendary "Crazy Canuck" Steve Podborski in the CTV film "Crazy Canucks". Harrison presently resides in Los Angeles, where he is currently producing a film he wrote called "The Day Santa Didn't Come".

</doc>
<doc id="21453439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453439" title="Royal Winter Music">
Royal Winter Music

Royal Winter Music is the name given to two solo works for classical guitar by the German composer Hans Werner Henze.
Both works are inspired by characters from Shakespeare. The first work (described as a sonata) was completed in 1976, and is in six movements. The first part, "Richard of Gloucester" gives the overall work its name (from Richard's opening monologue "Now is the winter of our discontent").
The first piece was premiered by Julian Bream (at whose request Henze had written it) in Berlin on 20 September 1976.
The second sonata, written in 1979, continues the Shakespearean theme in three parts. Henze has stated that the work as whole is now complete.
The second piece was premiered by Reinbert Evers in the Goethe-Institut, Brussels on 25 November 1980. Both works are dedicated by Julian Bream.

</doc>
<doc id="21453442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453442" title="Stanley Smith (rugby league born 1937)">
Stanley Smith (rugby league born 1937)

Stanley "Stan" Smith (birth registered July – September 1937 Wakefield district — 14 November 2012), was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and 1960s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, and Bramley, as a wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.
Genealogical information.
Stan Smith's marriage to Molly Geary (born 1937) was registered between January and March 1961 in Wakefield district. Smith's wife Molly was the middle sister of Peggy who married Albert Firth, and Lily who married Leslie Chamberlain.
Note.
During the late 1920 and 1930s there was a rugby league footballer who played for Wakefield Trinity, Leeds, England and Great Britain who was also called Stanley "Stan" Smith. These Stanley "Stan" Smith's are clearly not the same person, nor were they related.

</doc>
<doc id="21453443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453443" title="Mystery Giver">
Mystery Giver

Mystery Giver (foaled April 29, 1998 in Illinois) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning three consecutive editions of the Fair Grounds Handicap at the Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana. Trained by longtime trainer Richard Scherer, Mystery Giver set the track record at the Fair Grounds in the Mervin H. Muniz Jr. Memorial Handicap. Scherer continues to race horses at the Fair Grounds during the winter, while spending the rest of the year in Chicago at Arlington Park and Hawthorne Race Course.

</doc>
<doc id="21453446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453446" title="John Cornwall (Upper Canada politician)">
John Cornwall (Upper Canada politician)

John Cornwall was a farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Suffolk and Essex in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1797 to 1800.
He was born in Danbury, Connecticut (other sources say that he was a native of Wales and came to the Thirteen Colonies around 1772), the son of John Cornwall. He married Mary Benedict. Cornwall served with Butler's Rangers during the American Revolution. In 1797, he was named a justice of the peace for the Western District. He lived in Colchester Township.
His son Joshua also served in the legislative assembly. His daughter Mary married William McCormick, another member of the legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21453451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453451" title="Ross Brupbacher">
Ross Brupbacher

Ross Alan Brupbacher (born April 7, 1948 in Lafayette, Louisiana) is a former professional American football linebacker who played in the National Football League.
Career.
A 4th round selection (100th overall pick) of the 1970 NFL Draft out of Texas A&M University, Brupbacher played for four seasons for the Chicago Bears (1970–1972, 1976). He jumped to the World Football League in 1974 and played for the Birmingham Americans. Brupbacher was the defensive captain for the Americans, and helped lead them to the 1974 World Bowl championship game where they defeated the Florida Blazers 22-21.

</doc>
<doc id="21453467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453467" title="The Vitamin Shoppe">
The Vitamin Shoppe

The Vitamin Shoppe (formally Vitamin Shoppe Industries, Inc.) is a New Jersey-based retailer of nutritional supplements. They also operate stores in Canada under the name "VitaPath". The company provides approximately 8,000 different skus of supplements through its retail stores and over 20,000 different skus of supplements through its online retail websites.
In 2002, Vitamin Shoppe Industries was sold to an affiliate of Bear Stearns Merchant Banking, a private equity unit of Bear Stearns, for approximately $310 million. The company made $751.5 million in net sales in Fiscal 2010 and has a market capitalization of over $1 billion.
The Vitamin Shoppe held an initial public offering on October 26, 2009.
History.
Jeffrey Horowitz founded The Vitamin Shoppe in 1977.
Products.
The Vitamin Shoppe's retail stores and online sites carry a line of nutritional supplements with supplementary lines, such as Vitamin Shoppe's M.D. Select (a line put together by Dr. Ronald Hoffman) and the Bodytech brand of sports supplements. In addition to their own brands, the company carries third-party lines, including professional and specialized lines.
Reception.
On January 19, 2007, independent laboratory ConsumerLab.com found 15.3 micrograms of lead per daily serving in Vitamin Shoppe's "Especially for Women" multivitamin. 15.3 micrograms is more than ten times the amount of lead permitted without a warning label in California, the only state to regulate lead in supplements. In the wake of extensive adverse media coverage, Vitamin Shoppe withdrew the product, but in a statement made by CEO Tom Tolworthy, denied it had any proof the vitamins were contaminated, and asserted that, despite the high lead levels found in the Consumer Labs tests, its vitamins were manufactured in accordance with "good manufacturing practices."
On June 15, 2011, Vitamin Shoppe's "Ultimate Woman Gold" multivitamin was tested by ConsumerLab.com in their "Multivitamin and Multimineral Supplements Review" of 38 of the leading multivitamin/multimineral products sold in the U.S. and Canada. This multivitamin passed ConsumerLab's test, which included testing of selected index elements, their ability to disintegrate in solution per United States Pharmacopeia guidelines, lead contamination threshold set in California Proposition 65, and meeting U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) labeling requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="21453483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453483" title="Janko Vukotić">
Janko Vukotić

Serdar (Count) Janko Vukotić, 18 February 1866 in Čevo, Cetinje – 4 February 1927) was a general in the armies of the Principality and Kingdom of Montenegro in the Balkan Wars and World War I. He also served as Montenegro's minister of defence in periods 1905-1907, 1911–1912 and 1913–1915 and as the Prime Minister of Montenegro 1913-1915. He is famous for commanding the Sandžak Army of Montenegrin forces during the Battle of Mojkovac, in which his daughter Vasilija Vukotić was a courier - the only woman participant in that battle.

</doc>
<doc id="21453484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453484" title="List of Philadelphia Phillies Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Philadelphia Phillies Opening Day starting pitchers

The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They play in the National League East division. Also known in early franchise history as the "Philadelphia Quakers", the Phillies have used 72 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 128 seasons. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. Where decisions are known, the 72 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 33 wins, 39 losses and 20 no decisions (33–39–20); where decisions are unknown, the team's record was 17–19. No decisions are awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game. It can also result if a starting pitcher does not pitch five full innings, even if his team retains the lead and wins.
Hall of Fame left-handed pitcher Steve Carlton has the most Opening Day starts for the Phillies, with 14, compiling a record of 3–9–2. He is followed by Robin Roberts (twelve starts; 5–6–1), Chris Short (six starts; 3–1–2), and Curt Schilling (five starts; 2–0–3). Grover Cleveland Alexander also made five Opening Day starts for the Phillies, equal to Schilling; however, no information on his decisions in those games is available. The team's record in his five Opening Day starts is 4–1.
Roberts holds the Phillies' record for most wins in Opening Day starts with five. Art Mahaffey has the best record in Opening Day starts for the franchise; though many players have won their only Opening Day start, Mahaffey started and won two Opening Day games, for a winning percentage of 1.000; Roy Halladay also has a 1.000 winning percentage, with two wins and a no decision in three starts. Conversely, George McQuillan is the only player to have a .000 winning percentage in more than one Opening Day start (0–2–0 in two starts). Brett Myers has a .000 winning percentage in his three starts, but has accumulated two no decisions (0–1–2). Carlton has the most Opening Day losses for the team, with nine.
The Phillies have played in six home ballparks. Their best overall Opening Day record is at Shibe Park (also known as Connie Mack Stadium), where they won 11 Opening Day games out of 14 played there (11–3). The team also owned an 8–17 Opening Day record at Baker Bowl (initially known as the Philadelphia Baseball Grounds), with 1 tie. Recreation Park's Opening Day record is 1–2, while Veterans Stadium has the lowest winning percentage (.200), with 2 wins and 8 losses. The Phillies currently play at Citizens Bank Park, where they are 1–4 on Opening Day.
The Phillies have played in seven World Series championships in their history, winning in 1980 and 2008. Carlton won his Opening Day start against the Montreal Expos in 1980, while Myers received a no-decision against the same franchise (now the Washington Nationals) in 2008, a game that the Phillies eventually lost, and lost the opening game against the Atlanta Braves in 2009. Carlton also started Opening Day in 1983, the year that the Phillies lost to the Baltimore Orioles in the World Series. Alexander started Opening Day in 1915, the Phillies' first World Series appearance, while Roberts started the first game of 1950, and Terry Mulholland the first game of 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21453491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453491" title="Jonathan Bomarito">
Jonathan Bomarito

Jonathan Bomarito (born January 23, 1982) is an American racing driver from Monterey, California.
After much success in karting and two years driving in Grand-Am Cup, Jonathan Bomarito moved to Formula Ford 2000 USA in 2003 and won the championship. The next year he moved to the Atlantic Championship and finished 9th in points. The following year he captured his first series win and finished 5th in the championship. 2007 saw him finishing 5th again, winning at San Jose. In 2008, he was the Atlantic Series runner-up, capturing 3 victories. He also drove in the last three Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona, 2008-’10, in the SpeedSource team's Mazda RX-8, competing in the Rolex GT class. He won this year's event, sharing the car with Sylvain Tremblay, Nick Ham and Dave Haskell. Bomarito will continue competing in Mazda #70 with Tremblay, as they compete for the 2010 Rolex GT Series crown.

</doc>
<doc id="21453493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453493" title="Texas State Bobcats baseball">
Texas State Bobcats baseball

The Texas State Bobcats baseball program is the intercollegiate baseball team representing Texas State University. The Bobcats' first season was in 1985, and have played their home games at Bobcat Ballpark on the university's campus in San Marcos, Texas since 2009.
Since the 2014 season, the Bobcats have competed as a member of the Sun Belt Conference. Previously, the Bobcats were a member of the Western Athletic Conference (WAC), Southland Conference, and Gulf Star Conference.
History.
Ty Harrington (University of Texas at Austin '89) entered the 2010 season (his 11th at Texas State) with a 337-252 W/L record, the best of the four Bobcat coaches they have had since 1985, and a 178-102 in the Southland Conference. He reached his 350th career win on March 27, 2010 with a home victory over Lamar. His 400th career win came on April 23, 2011 with a 16-2 victory over Northwestern State University.
Entering his 12th season at Texas State (2011), Harrington sports a 375-274 all-time record, including a 201-112 record during Southland Conference play. He has helped produce 55 all-conference selections, and 23 of Harrington’s players have been chosen in the Major League Baseball Draft.
The 2009 season was, to date, Harrington's most successful as a coach, taking the team to the regular season Southland title with an overall record of 41-17 (24-7 SLC) and its fourth Regional appearance. The 2011 season yielded Harrington his 400th career win (416-297) as this team tied the season high win mark once again, with 41 (41-23). Winning the Southland Conference Title by 4 games and taking the Southland Conference Tournament, from the losers bracket, by winning 5 straight games. Five more Bobcats were drafted in the 2011 MLB Draft.
Ballpark.
The first game at Bobcat Ballpark occurred between the Bobcats and Texas Longhorns on March 3, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21453497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453497" title="Trism">
Trism

Trism is a puzzle game for the Apple iPhone developed by Demiforce LLC. The game and developer made the news for being a rags to riches story. The game makes use of the iPhone's built in accelerometer, and involves the sliding of colored triangular tiles called "trisms" in order to make matches of three or more. As soon as a match is made, the tiles disappear and, depending on the direction in which the iPhone is tilted, the gaps left behind will be filled.
Gameplay.
The game has been compared to "Bejeweled 2", although the developer has stated the gameplay is unique, and there is a patent pending.
Trism has four gameplay modes:
Infinism.
This is the main gameplay mode in which the user slides the trisms on the screen diagonally or horizontally in order to create matches of three or more trisms, the remaining gaps left behind are then filled by the surrounding trisms depending upon the direction in which the iPhone is tilted. This is shown by the compass in the lower right hand corner. The more trisms matched together the greater the amount of points generated. Once a certain amount of points is generated, the player then advances a level. During gameplay the player can encounter certain special trisms, such as the locked trism, which prevents trisms that are on the same axis from being moved until it is removed by matching it. There is also the bomb trism that has a countdown which decreases with every successful movement made, this trism can be moved but must be removed by matching before the countdown finishes or the game will finish.
Terminism.
Terminism has the same basic gameplay as Infinism mode but with the addition of a timer. When the timer goes from green to red, called a timeout, a bomb or lock trism will spawn. In order to keep the timer green, matches must be made constantly. Unlike in Infinism, the bomb in Terminism is not counted on turn. It has a time limit. The bomb must be disarmed before it turns red, or you will lose.
Syllogism.
This is a puzzle mode whereby the player must eliminate all of the trisms in the least amount of moves possible. This is done by tilting the iPhone in order to make them slide. There are 30 levels each increasing in difficulty. Some of them are solvable under par. Up to -17 total score.
Starshine.
Starshine mode is an unlock-able game mode available for Infinism or Terminism. To unlock this in Infinism, you must achieve one million points in one game. To unlock it in Terminism you must score 500,000 points in a single game before getting a timeout. The objective of Starshine mode is to create large starshine chains to achieve an extreme amount of points.
Achievements.
The game has achievements for completing certain tasks, such as earning over 500,000 points in terminism mode before getting a timeout. There are twenty-two achievements in all which are posted on the users profile on the online community.
Awards.
Trism has won awards such as Best Casual Game from AppStoreApps.com, 1st on iLounge's Best Apps and Games, a Gold award from Pocket Gamer, Slide to Play's "Must have" award, one of Wired's "10 most awesome iPhone Apps of 2008," and was an AIAS finalist for "Cellular game of the year".

</doc>
<doc id="21453508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453508" title="Zsuzsanna Csobánki">
Zsuzsanna Csobánki

Zsuzsanna Csobánki (born 28 March 1983 in Budapest) is a female Hungarian swimmer, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="21453511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453511" title="This Is a Standoff">
This Is a Standoff

This Is a Standoff was a Canadian melodic hardcore/punk rock band.
After the demise of their former band Belvedere, songwriter/guitarist Steve Rawles and drummer Graham Churchill were set on starting a new project and getting back on the road. After joining forces with Forty Cent Fix’s John Meloche, they gathered in Calgary, Alberta to write songs for their first album. The line-up was soon rounded out by Corey Tapp, bassist of One Shot Left.
Following the release of two demo songs on MySpace, the band embarked on a month-long tour in Europe, sharing the stage with Mad Caddies, Action Men, Big D and the Kids Table, and Boysetsfire.
Their debut album, Be Excited, was released in October 2007, followed by a Canadian tour.
Their follow-up album, Be Disappointed was released in March 2009, followed by a European tour.
In an interview with AMP Magazine, Steve confirmed that the band are currently taking time off touring to write a follow-up album to Be Disappointed.
On September 1, 2011, the band released their EP Be Delighted.
On February 7, 2012, it was announced via their facebook page that the band had decided to quit. Originally intended to be a "side project", the group found themselves performing 322 shows in over 25 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="21453513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453513" title="Alexander Trevino">
Alexander Trevino

Alexander Trevino (born 1981) is a American mixed martial artist, who is best known for his 4-fight stint with now-defunct promotion, Strikeforce. He was cast a member of former UFC champion, Frank Shamrock's reality series, "School of Hard Knocks” and was part of the Shamrock Submission fighting team until December 2009, and is now part of the Gracie Fighter MMA fighting team.
Early Life.
Trevino graduated from Montague high school in Montague, Michigan, in 1999. While in high school he won a state medal in wrestling and trained in boxing at Lane’s Gym in Muskegon. He also trained in Jiu-jitsu at White Lake Combat Club in Michigan under head instructor Frank Bumstead. 
Trevino held an amateur record of 5-1 before attending the reality show “School of Hard Knocks”. Trevino moved to San Jose, California to train with the Shamrock Submission fight team, until he left in December 2009. 
Mixed martial arts career.
Strikeforce.
Trevino made his Strikeforce debut on June 27, 2008, at against Eric Jacob. He won via first round armbar. He then faced Gennaro Strangis at on September 13, 2008. Trevino won via unanimous decision.
His next fight was at on August 15, 2009, facing Isaiah Hill. Trevino won by keylock submission. Trevino suffered his first loss under the Strikeforce banner, when he lost a unanimous decision to Rico Altamirano at Strikeforce Challengers 4 on November 6, 2009.
Post-Strikeforce.
Trevino's latest fight is a KO loss to Dave Courchaine at XFC 27 on December 13, 2013.
Personal life.
Trevino has a younger sister named Sarah. Having finished High School, Trevino decided to start fighting, as he wasn't able to focus on a profession unless it was something he really loved, due to his ADHD. As money in his family was very tight when he was younger, Trevino also started selling various drugs in the streets of Montague, Michigan to try and raise money, and this led to his subsequent arrest for selling illegal marijuana.
Trevino also attended the School of Hard Knocks reality TV show, a show intended for people who have had problems with personal abuse and use MMA as a way to recover.

</doc>
<doc id="21453516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453516" title="Mārtiņš Zīverts">
Mārtiņš Zīverts

Mārtiņš Zīverts (b. 1903 in Mežmuiža – d. 1990) was a Latvian playwright. 
Biography.
Zīverts was born in Mežmuiža, Courland Governorate (now Vilce parish, Jelgava municipality, Latvia). He studied philosophy at the University of Latvia in Riga, later working as an editor and dramaturgist at the National Theater in Riga.
He came to Sweden as a refugee in 1944. While he often worked as a laborer, he continued to write and direct plays, and served as chairman of the Latvian PEN center. He wrote almost 40 plays in several genres.
Adaptations.
In 1992 a Lithuanian director Juozas Sabolius has made a two-part costume drama based on Zīverts' play "Vara" ("Power") about the life of Lithuania's king Mindaugas which was aired by Lithuania's national broadcaster.

</doc>
<doc id="21453532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453532" title="Commercial Titan III">
Commercial Titan III

The Commercial Titan III, also known as CT-3 or CT-III was an American expendable launch system, developed by Martin Marietta during the late 1980s and flown four times during the early 1990s. It was derived from the Titan 34D, and was originally proposed as a medium-lift expendable launch system for the US Air Force, who selected the Delta II instead. Development was continued as a commercial launch system, and the first rocket flew in 1990. Due to higher costs than contemporary rockets such as the Ariane 4, orders were not forthcoming, and the CT-3 was retired in 1992.
The Commercial Titan III differed from the Titan 34D in that it had a stretched second stage, and a larger payload fairing to accommodate dual satellite payloads.
All four launches occurred from LC-40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The first carried two communications satellites, Skynet 4A and JCSAT-2, and was launched at 00:07 GMT on 1 January 1990, which was 19:07 local time on 31 December 1989, making it the only orbital launch to have occurred in different years between the launch site and GMT. The launch received the International Designator 1990-001, using the GMT date. 
The second launch occurred on 14 March, and carried the Intelsat 603 satellite. The rocket's second stage failed to separate, and the payload could only be released from the rocket by means of jettisoning its kick motor. It was later visited by , on mission STS-49. Astronauts attached a new kick motor, which raised the satellite into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, as had originally been planned.
The third launch, on 23 June, carried Intelsat 604, and was successful. There were no CT-3 launches in 1991, due to maintenance work at Launch Complex 40.
The final flight of the Commercial Titan III occurred on 25 September 1992, and placed NASA's Mars Observer spacecraft into heliocentric orbit, by means of a Transfer Orbit Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21453534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453534" title="Holywell, Oxford">
Holywell, Oxford

Holywell is a parish in Oxford, England. The toponym is derived from the well of Saint Winifred and Saint Margaret.

</doc>
<doc id="21453544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453544" title="Joshua Cornwall">
Joshua Cornwall

Joshua Cornwall (died March 16, 1826) was a farmer, miller and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Kent in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1816 to 1820.
He was the son of John Cornwall and Mary Benedict. Cornwall lived in Detroit and then Camden Township.
His son Nathan also served in the legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21453546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453546" title="Simonyi Professorship for the Public Understanding of Science">
Simonyi Professorship for the Public Understanding of Science

The Simonyi Professorship for the Public Understanding of Science is a chair in the University of Oxford. The chair was established in 1995 for the ethologist Richard Dawkins by an endowment from Charles Simonyi. The aim of the Professorship is "to communicate science to the public without, in doing so, losing those elements of scholarship which constitute the essence of true understanding".
In 2008, Dawkins retired and the Oxford mathematician Marcus du Sautoy was elected to the chair.

</doc>
<doc id="21453550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453550" title="Cutthroat Island (video game)">
Cutthroat Island (video game)

Cutthroat Island is a 1995 action/adventure platform video game that was released for various consoles. When the game was first released, it featured a promotion by which players could find hidden treasure chests in the game and enter a contest to win real world prizes.
Gameplay.
Based on the feature film of the same name "Cutthroat Island" the game casts players in the role of renegade treasure hunters. The player is able to choose between two characters: Morgan Adams, a female character who wields a rapier; or William Shaw, a buccaneer who is armed with a sword. The game features single player and two player action mode. During single player mode, the player's character must battle through 10 levels, encountering various foes such as pirates, redcoats and harbour masters. The game features two different gameplay styles to choose from: Swordplay and Brawling. In addition to all the swordplay, level two requires players to flee from prison guards in a quarry cart, and level five puts player atop a runaway horse-drawn carriage. As the player progresses through the game several items such as knives, bombs, bottles, torches, hammers, pistols, and other weapons are collectable.
Plot.
In 1619 a pirate cutter, the Sea Devil, captured a Spanish cargo ship called Santa Susanna. Before reaching its destination the Sea Devil was caught in a storm and wrecked on the uncharted Cutthroat Island. Only one member of the crew managed to get off of the island alive, Fingers Adams. Before dying he made a map and tore it into three pieces which he gave to his legitimate heirs.
In year 1688, as the pirate Morgan Adams who currently has one piece of the map, you have begun a quest for the other pieces of the map in hopes of eventually finding the treasure. Already a wanted woman, Morgan will need to fight the law as well as those who hold the pieces of the map.

</doc>
<doc id="21453552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453552" title="Alexander George Robertson Mackenzie">
Alexander George Robertson Mackenzie

Alexander George Robertson Mackenzie (12 March 1879 – 20 March 1963) was a Scottish architect.
Early life.
Born in Aberdeen on 12 March 1879, AGR was the second son of Marshall Mackenzie, architect and his wife, Phoebe Ann Robertson Cooper. He was educated at Gray's School of Art and Aberdeen University and articled to his father in August 1894.
Professional life.
At the end of his apprenticeship in 1898, he become his father's chief assistant. From 1900, to gain London experience, he worked in the office of Colonel Edis (1839–1927), and studied at the Architectural Association and the Central School of Arts and Crafts. He gained further experience working with René Sergent in Paris and in the London office of Niven & Wigglesworth, before returning to his father's office as a partner in 1902.
AGR was put in charge of a new London office, but continued to spend some time in Aberdeen. The London practice was an immediate success, with commissions for the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in Aldwych and a more prestigious one for Canada House (which was cancelled during World War I). Australia House, also in Aldwych, followed a few years later and was built.
In the 1920s, AGR spent much of his time in the Aberdeen office, where his father was assisted by John Gibb Marr (1890–1983), who was taken into partnership in 1927. The Aberdeen practice remained prosperous, with much conservation work – the main client was the National Trust for Scotland. However, the London practice did not recover its pre-war success. After being restructured several times, 'A Marshall Mackenzie & Son' closed the London office. Mackenzie and his wife moved to Bourtie House, a fine Georgian house, near Inverurie. In Aberdeen he designed the Art Deco style Northern Hotel which was built in 1937-8, retrieved Provost Ross' House from ruin (now part of the Maritime Museum). and the Capitol Cinema. Mackenzie remained in partnership with John Gibb Marr until AGR retired completely in 1960.
Personal life.
During the First World War, AGR enlisted in the London Scottish Regiment and was severely wounded, losing most of a leg. Invalided out, he returned to work with his father. He died on 20 March 1963, after major surgery and is buried at Bourtie churchyard,
Honours.
AGR was admitted ARIBA in 1901 and elevated to FRIBA in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="21453573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453573" title="Wonderlust King">
Wonderlust King

"Wonderlust King" is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, written by frontman Eugene Hütz. It was released as the first and only single from 2007's "Super Taranta!", and it was their fourth single overall.
Music video.
The video consists of footage of Romani people from the Carpaty region of Ukraine, taken from the documentary The Pied Piper of Hützovina. It also includes images of Hütz singing and playing guitar on the boardwalk of Coney Island and against a map, jumping, among other things.

</doc>
<doc id="21453583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453583" title="Filip Remunda">
Filip Remunda

Filip Remunda (b. 1973 in Czechoslovakia, today Czech Republic) is a Czech film director, cinematographer and producer.
Biography.
Filip Remunda graduated at FAMU–documentary directing department in the masterclass of Karel Vachek. His film, Village B., was named best documentary film at the 2002 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival and at the 2003 FAMU Festival, and it received the Don Quixote Award at the 2003 Art Film Trenčianské Teplice festival, as well as several other prizes at festivals in Europe and the United States. During his studies, Filip Remunda also attended the workshop at the Sam Spiegel Film and Television School in Jerusalem. Filip Remunda, is co-founder of the Institute of Documentary Film (IDF) which supports the promotion of Eastern European Films and is actively involved in lecturing at the Ex Oriente Film, an international documentary development workshop organized by IDF. Together with Vit Klusak he directed feature documentary comedy CZECH DREAM and runs HYPERMARKET FILM Ltd., an independent production company based in Prague, Czech Republic.
Selected filmography.
Czech Dream Awards - selection:

</doc>
<doc id="21453609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453609" title="Progressive Party (1920)">
Progressive Party (1920)

The Progressive Party was a New South Wales political party that operated between 1920 and 1927, achieving representation in the Legislative Assembly due to proportional representation. The party attracted support from conservative voters in both rural and urban NSW. As a result, its policies were socially conservative but had elements of Agrarian socialism.
At the 1920 election it won 15 seats.
In December 1921 the party split over the question of support for the first government of George Fuller. An urban wing, led by Thomas Ley and Walter Wearne agreed to enter Fuller's coalition, while a rural wing ("The True Blues"), led by Michael Bruxner and Ernest Buttenshaw offered Fuller only conditional support. The urban members of the party were absorbed into the Nationalist Party at this time. The party was reduced to nine rural members at the 1922 election and was a coalition partner in Fuller's second government.
The rural wing contested the 1925 election and maintained its 9 seats but in 1927, its members officially joined the Country Party, of which the Progressive Party was largely a fore-runner. It was not related to the earlier Progressive Party that had operated in the state between 1901 and 1907.
1921 split.
This table provides the details of the 1921 split, covering members of the Legislative Assembly.
References.
Melbourne University Press Melbourne ISBN 0-522-84700-5 

</doc>
<doc id="21453610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453610" title="Border Crossing Card">
Border Crossing Card

A Border Crossing Card (BCC) is a document that allows limited entry into the United States by visitors. The cards authorize visits to the border areas of the United States for a set amount of time. Section 104 of the United States Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA) serves as the legal basis for the issuance of Border Crossing Cards.
Description.
The first generation of machine readable BCC's, known as "laser visas", was produced from April 1, 1998, until September 30, 2008. The laminated, credit card-size document is both a BCC and a B1/B2 visitor’s visa. The cards are valid for travel until the expiration date on the front of the card, usually ten years after issuance. They are nearly identical to the previous generation Permanent Resident Card.
October 1, 2008, marked the beginning of production of a second generation B1/B2 visa/BCC. The new card is similar in size to the old BCC, but contains enhanced graphics and technology. The original BCC was produced by the now defunct Immigration and Naturalization Service but the current card is produced by the Department of State. It is virtually identical to the Passport Card, which is issued to citizens and nationals of the United States for the purposes of land and sea border crossings, in its general design layout. The card includes an RFID chip and Integrated Contactless Circuit and is part of the same PASS System that the Passport Card belongs to.
Border Crossing Cards are issued exclusively to Mexican citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="21453612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453612" title="Cabane strut">
Cabane strut

__NOTOC__
The cabane struts of a biplane aircraft support the upper wing over the fuselage and work in conjunction with other wing components such as spars and flying wires to transmit flight loads.
In wire-braced monoplanes, e.g. the Blériot XI, the cabane struts (generally referred to as the cabane) form the structure above the wings to which the wing's bracing wires and (if applicable) wing-warping control wires are attached. In parasol wing aircraft (monoplanes with their wing elevated above the fuselage) the struts carrying the wing are cabane struts; the aircraft may also have a cabane structure for bracing wires. 
Cabane struts also serve to maintain correct wing stagger, angle of incidence and decalage . The initial setting or in-service adjustment of these angles, usually with the help of a clinometer and plumb-bob, is known as 'rigging'. Cabane struts found on early aircraft were often made of wood with later biplanes using aerofoil-sectioned tubular steel.
Occasionally the lower wing of a biplane is placed entirely below the lower surface of the fuselage, using cabane support struts, and such an arrangement could conceivably be called a "ventral cabane strut" assembly. Examples of this arrangement from late World War I are the British Bristol F.2 Fighter two-seat fighter biplane, and the German Pfalz D.XIV experimental fighter, with the 1920s-era Naval Aircraft Factory TS US naval fighter biplane essentially having the same feature.

</doc>
<doc id="21453625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453625" title="Aïté">
Aïté

The village has had problems with drought affecting harvests.

</doc>
<doc id="21453640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453640" title="Building at 409 West Baltimore Street">
Building at 409 West Baltimore Street

Building at 409 West Baltimore Street, also known as the N. Hess & Bro. Building, is a historic retail and wholesale building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a four-story brick commercial building with a cast-iron façade above an altered storefront, erected about 1875. Built originally for a wholesale grocery company, it was subsequently occupied by a boot and shoe factory, and a series of wholesale and retail dry goods or clothing stores.
The building at 409 West Baltimore Street was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The building next door at 407 West Baltimore, the L. Frank & Son Building, was listed at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="21453642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453642" title="Rebecca Malope">
Rebecca Malope

Rebecca Malope is a South African gospel singer born in 1968. She hosts the TV show "It's Gospel Time."
Rebecca’s story starts in 1986. Driven by a burning desire to become South Africa’s most celebrated and admired songstress, Rebecca, barely 18 years old, and her sister Cynthia, left their home township of Lekazi near Nelspruit and hiked 400 km to Evaton from where they finally reached Johannesburg. This brave step launched a personal journey of achievement that was destined to touch the hearts and minds of millions.
Rebecca has released 32 albums in a music career spanning over 27 years to date. In 2009 she released her 30th album titled "My Hero" containing double CDs. In April 2010 she released her 31st album. In her almost three decades career, she has proved that relevance and resounding with your fans is a great recipe for success.On Monday 14th March,Rebecca Malope released her 32nd album titled "Ukuthula",which translates to English as Peace.Rebecca was quoted in a local newspaper saying “In Ukuthula people must expect rejuvenating sounds and I love the whole album. I decided on that name after thinking about the state the world is in today
“People have no peace. There is war everywhere, even in churches.I want people to come together and more importantly have peace in their lives, so that we can have peace in the world,” said Rebecca.
In 2003 she won a KORA All African Music Award for Best Gospel Singer.

</doc>
<doc id="21453645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453645" title="The Crisis (newspaper)">
The Crisis (newspaper)

The Crisis was a newspaper published during the first half of the American Civil War by Samuel Medary that was critical of the American government's decision to limit slavery, and following the beginning of the war against the Confederate States of America, to wage war against the South. It was presented as the newspaper for favor with "Peace Democrats" (often referred to as Copperheads) -- those northerners who sided with the Confederate cause during the war.
The name The Crisis alluded to previous newspapers and broadsides during the American Revolutionary War that spoke out against British rule over the colonies. Medary's use of the name for his paper was an attempt to tie the States Rights movement to those who fought for American independence. For Copperheads, Abraham Lincoln was every bit the evil that was King George III. 
During the 1863 Ohio Gubernatorial race, the newspaper endorsed Clement Vallandigham, the exiled leader of the Ohio Copperhead movement. While Vallandigham won the Democratic nomination, he lost the race to War Democrat candidate John Brough.
In 1864, charges were brought against Medary on conspiracy against the government. Medary was arrested, released on bond and died shortly thereafter at his home. With Medary's death went "The Crisis", and with the end of the Civil War, the newspaper went out of business.

</doc>
<doc id="21453680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453680" title="DoItYourself.com">
DoItYourself.com

DoItYourself.com is a leading website for do it yourself information and an active online community for do it yourself enthusiasts, or "DIYers," to exchange information, tips and advice.
History.
DoItYourself.com was founded in 1995 by David Goldsholle, a former home improvement store owner, as an online community for DIYers. The original focus of the site was major home improvement topics, and these topics continue to be the primary focus. The site has expanded to include car repair, event planning, personal finance] and a range of other DIY activities. The site now claims more than 3 million visitors per month. The site also features an active discussion forum with a membership of more than 155,000., The site was acquired Internet Brands in January 2007.
Some articles are written by retired contractors who teach DIY topics such as drywall repairs, painting and remodeling, and the site's discussion forum moderators include DIY experts and retired contractors.
In 2007, the site launched a "green" section on environmentally friendly home improvement and repair.

</doc>
<doc id="21453688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453688" title="Drake Circus">
Drake Circus

Drake Circus is a traffic junction in Plymouth, England. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21453689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453689" title="2009 Nordic Figure Skating Championships">
2009 Nordic Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 Nordic Figure Skating Championships were the Nordic Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season. They were a multi-national competition between skaters from Nordic countries. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles and ladies singles on the Senior, Junior, and Novice levels.
The 2009 Nordic Championships were held at the Malmö Isstadion in Malmö, Sweden between February 6 and 8, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21453710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453710" title="Jabar Kili">
Jabar Kili

Jabar Kili, is a village in Bannu District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 32°59'1N 70°35'19E with an altitude of 361 metres (1187 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="21453723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453723" title="Building at 419 West Baltimore Street">
Building at 419 West Baltimore Street

Building at 419 West Baltimore Street, also known as Harry Guss Inc., is a historic retail and wholesale building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a three-story gable-roofed Flemish bond brick Federal-style building built about 1840. Around 1875, a four-bay cast-iron storefront was added at street level. It was used in the garment manufacturing and sales industries.
Building at 419 West Baltimore Street was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21453753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453753" title="Luméville-en-Ornois">
Luméville-en-Ornois

Luméville-en-Ornois is a village and a former French commune of the Meuse department in the administrative region of Lorraine, in north-eastern France.
On January 1, 1973 (prefectoral order dated December 1, 1972), it merged with and became part of Gondrecourt-le-Château, at the same time as Touraille-sous-Bois. After this merger and consolidation, its status is an associated commune ("Commune associée").
The J.F. Mouginot company, a maker of chairs, seats and beds for hotels and restaurants, is located in the area. Its clientele includes the Ritz Hotel in Paris, the Embassy of the United States in Paris, Deauville Casino, the Presidential Palace in Moscow, various three and four star hotels, and chains like Holiday Inn and Best Western.
Fernand Braudel, the 20th century French historian, was born in this village in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="21453754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453754" title="William McCormick (Upper Canada politician)">
William McCormick (Upper Canada politician)

William McCormick (May 30, 1784 – February 18, 1840) was a businessman, author and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Essex in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1812 to 1824.
He was the son of Alexander McCormick, a fur trader in the Ohio country, and Elizabeth Turner. He moved to Malden Township and then in Colchester Township with his family. In 1809, McCormick married Mary Cornwall, the daughter of John Cornwall. He served in the militia during the War of 1812, first as lieutenant and then as captain. He was taken prisoner near the end of 1813 and later released. After the war, he was awarded a contract to supply pork to Fort Malden; McCormick raised his pigs on Pelee Island. He also owned a general store in Colchester. McCormick also served as deputy collector of customs, a magistrate and deputy postmaster. He lobbied for the construction of a lighthouse on Pelee Island and later served as lighthouse keeper. He died on Pelee Island at the age of 55.

</doc>
<doc id="21453759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453759" title="Hugh Blandford">
Hugh Blandford

Hugh Francis Blandford (24 January 1917 – 20 September 1981) was a chess endgame composer born in Southampton, England.
Biography.
He spent several years of his childhood in Jamaica with his father, the Reverend Albert Francis (Frank) Blandford, a Minister in the Congregational church, his mother and two younger brothers, Evan Arthur and Philip Thomas Blandford. All three brothers then returned to England and attended Eltham College (the School for the Sons of Missionaries) in South-east London, while their parents remained in Jamaica. He married Marjorie Cox, whom he had worked with during the Second World War. 
He played chess from his schooldays and as well as playing, also started to compose original chess endings. He became known in the field of chess endgame studies for a small but elegant body of compositions, expertly edited and published after Hugh's death by his long-standing chess endings colleague, John Roycroft.
Hugh Blandford was co-inventor with Richard Guy – and, later, with John Roycroft – of the Guy–Blandford–Roycroft code for classifying studies. In July 1951 he began as the endgame study editor for the "British Chess Magazine". He was made an International Judge for Chess Composition in 1961.
A metallurgist, he continued to compose chess endgame studies until the end of his life, dying of a heart attack in early retirement in Hatfield, England, on 20 September 1981.
Sample composition.
This example of the excelsior theme might be his best-known composition.
Solution:
1. Bd4+ Ka8 2. c4 Nd2 3. c5 Nb3 4. c6 Na5 5. c7 Nc6 6. c8=R+
6... Nb8+ 7. Kd6

</doc>
<doc id="21453771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453771" title="Ignacio Coll-Riudavets">
Ignacio Coll-Riudavets

Ignacio Coll Riudavets (born 5 September 1987) is a Spanish tennis player. He has appeared in the main draw of one ATP World Tour event.
In 2009, Coll-Riudavets played doubles with Rafael Nadal at the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, losing in the first round. 
Coll-Riudavets's best singles rank is World No. 412 and best doubles rank is No. 282.

</doc>
<doc id="21453789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453789" title="Villa Porto (Molina di Malo)">
Villa Porto (Molina di Malo)

Villa Porto in Molina di Malo, Province of Vicenza, Italy, is an unfinished villa veneta designed by Andrea Palladio in 1570.
The extraordinary ten brick-column shafts which dominate the great 15th century (Quattrocento) farmyard of the Porto family at Molina mark the first stage of a grandiose project which Palladio conceived on behalf of Iseppo (Giuseppe) Porto: in fact, the patron’s name is inscribed on the plinths of the splendid stone column bases, next to the date 1572.
The rich protagonist of one of Vicenza’s most important families, and brother-in-law of both Adriano and Marcantonio Thiene (patrons of the homonymous palace by Palladio), Iseppo Porto already owned a grandiose city palace which Palladio had designed him over twenty years earlier, Palazzo Porto.
From archival documents one realises that the enormous columns are not the fragments of a monumental barchessa, like that for the Villa Pisani at Bagnolo, but rather of the façade of a true and proper country residence. The enormous Corinthian colonnade, a direct quotation from the pronaos of the Pantheon, would have reached an overall height of over thirteen metres. Lower porticoes, on a quarter-circle plan and still visible in the 19th century, would have tied the manorial house to agricultural annexes to left and right.
This surprising edifice recalls two other projects by Palladio, the Villa Mocenigo on the Brenta and the Villa Thiene at Cicogna, neither of which was ever executed though both are documented by various autograph sketches and were included in the "Quattro Libri". It is interesting to note that, in publishing Giuseppe Porto’s city palace in the "Quattro Libri", Palladio enriched the original project with a courtyard of a giant Composite order extremely close to that of the villa at Molina. Giuseppe’s death in 1580 put paid to the building works, which were never completed.

</doc>
<doc id="21453798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453798" title="John Cornwall">
John Cornwall

John Cornwall is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21453816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453816" title="Ashoroa">
Ashoroa

Ashoroa (named after its type locality Ashoro, Hokkaido) is an extinct genus of desmostylian, aquatic, herbivorous mammal. Fossils of "Ashoroa" have been found on Hokkaido, Japan (, paleocoordinates ) and were dated to the late Oligocene.
"Ashoroa" is the smallest and one of the oldest desmostylians with an estimated body length of . It is known from a rib, a humerus, a femur, and three vretebrae of the single species and holotype, "Ashoroa laticosta".
"Ashoroa" had pachyosteosclerotic (large and dense) bones. The ribs are broader than in other desmostylians, similar to sirenian ribs, and very dense, like those of "Behemotops" and "Paleoparadoxia"; and extant, semi-aquatic mammals such as Eurasian beaver and hippopotamus, but not as dense as in sirenians. The recovered long bones lack inner cavities, like in "Paleoparadoxia" and "Desmostylus", and the trabecular pattern is different from that in "Behemotops".

</doc>
<doc id="21453825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453825" title="Cornwallius">
Cornwallius

Cornwallius is an extinct herbivorous marine mammal of the family Desmostylidae. "Cornwallius" lived along the North American Pacific Coast from the Early Oligocene (Chattian) through the Oligocene (28.4 mya—20.6 Mya) and existing for approximately .
The type locality is the Chattian Sooke Formation, Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada (, paleocoordinates ).
Cornwallius was named by . Its type is "Desmostylus sookensis", named by and recombined to "Cornwallius sookensis" by .
Fossils have been discovered from Baja, Mexico, Oregon and Washington coasts, and Unalaska Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21453842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453842" title="Whiteaker, Eugene, Oregon">
Whiteaker, Eugene, Oregon

Whiteaker is a neighborhood in Eugene, Oregon, United States. It is located to the northwest of downtown Eugene, and is home to primarily working class residents. Though it has served as an agricultural and commercial district in the past, it has become a primarily residential area. It is known as a vibrant cultural hub, center of community and environmental activism and home to alternative artists.
History.
Whiteaker (locally known as "The Whit") is named after Oregon's first governor, John Whiteaker, who purchased ten blocks there in 1890. A school in the neighborhood named after the governor prompted the usage of the term. It is located northwest of downtown Eugene along the Willamette River.
U.S. Route 99 passed through Whiteaker until the 1930s, leading to the creation of a thriving commercial district in the neighborhood. Agriculture was a key part of Whiteaker's economy from the 1930s to the 1950s. Cows and other livestock were raised there by a number of residents. In the 1960s, the area became a popular destination for young counterculture individuals from outside the region. This migration led to the creation of several small businesses in Whiteaker, as well as increased drug use.
The 1970s saw an increase in community activism. Local activists stopped a proposed freeway and lobbied for the construction of the Washington/Jefferson Park beneath the Washington-Jefferson Street Bridge. The Whiteaker Community Council soon formed as a result of these efforts.
In the early 1980s, Whiteaker saw an increase in construction of apartment buildings and the destruction of single-family homes. There was also a swell in the area's homeless population. At the same time, the amount of arrests for drug offenses and violent crimes increased. This caused the neighborhood to be perceived as a high-crime area by other residents of Eugene.
The Washington-Jefferson Street Bridge and the Chambers Connector pass through the neighborhood; as of 1990 they carried almost 100,000 cars a day.
Demographics.
In 1990, "The Register-Guard" reported that Whiteaker neighborhood had 5,050 residents. The paper also reported that the neighborhood was 90% white, 7% Hispanic, and 3% black. As of 2000, the population of Whiteaker was 6,000. The neighborhood was roughly 80% white.
In the 1990s the neighborhood saw an influx of young people from around the United States, drawn by its political climate. In the early to mid-1990s, there was also an influx of Hispanic families to the neighborhood. Whiteaker is served by the Eugene School District, which reported that 30% of its students spoke Spanish in 1995. Although the demographics have changed, the neighborhood has remained primarily working class.
Politics.
Whiteaker is known for a large concentration of young, politically radical residents. In the late 1990s, local activists gained notoriety after organizing successful tree sitting demonstrations. In 1997, a tree sitting demonstration in Eugene was responded to by local police with what was seen as overwhelming force, an event which further radicalized local activists but also helped shift public opinion in their favor. Local income inequality and lack of affordable housing have also been credited with the radicalization of activists.
In June 1999, a riot broke out in Whiteaker during an anti-globalization protest during which protesters vandalized and looted a Taco Bell and a 7 Eleven. After police responded with tear gas and pepper spray, protesters battled with police for several hours. Later that year, Whiteaker activists also played a key role in conjunction with other anarchists in organizing black bloc tactics during the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference of 1999 protest activity. Eugene police subsequently claimed that local anarchists were responsible for other attacks on local police officers. Local activists in turn argued that police needlessly harassed individuals wearing black clothing in response.
Animal rights groups also have a heavy presence in Whiteaker, and several vegan restaurants are located there. According to David Samuels, the Animal Liberation Front and the Earth Liberation Front have had an underground presence in the neighborhood. The neighborhood is home to a number of communal apartment buildings, which are often organized by anarchist or environmentalist groups. Local activists have also produced independent films and started art galleries, community gardens, and independent media outlets. Copwatch, Food Not Bombs, and Critical Mass are also active in the neighborhood.
In 2011, the Occupy Eugene protests relocated to Washington/Jefferson Park in Whiteaker after initially forming at the downtown Eugene Park Blocks at 8th and Oak.
Notable people.
Well known residents of Whiteaker include the Green Anarchist writer John Zerzan and the memoirist Margaret Seltzer.
Economy.
Several structures along Blair Boulevard—one of the main streets through the neighborhood—and the surrounding area make up the Eugene Blair Boulevard Commercial Historic District.
Prominent local businesses include Sam Bond's Garage, a local tavern, and the Ninkasi Brewing Company.
The Orthodox Church of St John the Wonderworker has been in the neighborhood since 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21453844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453844" title="Baddo">
Baddo

Baddo, also spelt Bado, is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21453848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453848" title="Lipid bilayer characterization">
Lipid bilayer characterization

Lipid bilayer characterization is the use of various optical, chemical and physical probing methods to study the properties of lipid bilayers. Many of these techniques are elaborate and require expensive equipment because the fundamental nature of the lipid bilayer makes it a very difficult structure to study. An individual bilayer, since it is only a few nanometers thick, is invisible in traditional light microscopy. The bilayer is also a relatively fragile structure since it is held together entirely by non-covalent bonds and is irreversibly destroyed if removed from water. In spite of these limitations dozens of techniques have been developed over the last seventy years to allow investigations of the structure and function of bilayers. The first general approach was to utilize non-destructive "in situ" measurements such as x-ray diffraction and electrical resistance which measured bilayer properties but did not actually image the bilayer. Later, protocols were developed to modify the bilayer and allow its direct visualization at first in the electron microscope and, more recently, with fluorescence microscopy. Over the past two decades, a new generation of characterization tools including AFM has allowed the direct probing and imaging of membranes "in situ" with little to no chemical or physical modification. More recently, dual polarisation interferometry has been used to measure the optical birefringence of lipid bilayers to characterise order and disruption associated with interactions or environmental effects.
Fluorescence Microscopy.
Fluorescence microscopy is a technique whereby certain molecules can be excited with one wavelength of light and will emit another longer wavelength of light. Because each fluorescent molecule has a unique spectrum of absorption and emission, the location of particular types of molecules can be determined. Natural lipids do not fluoresce, so it is always necessary to include a dye molecule in order to study lipid bilayers with fluorescence microscopy. To some extent, the addition of the dye molecule always changes the system, and in some cases it can be difficult to say whether the observed effect is due to the lipids, the dye or, most commonly, some combination of the two. The dye is usually attached either to a lipid or a molecule that closely resembles a lipid, but since the dye domain is relatively large it can alter the behavior of this other molecule. This is a particularly contentious issue when studying the diffusion or phase separation of lipids, as both processes are very sensitive to the size and shape of the molecules involved.
This potential complication has been given an argument against the use of one of fluorescence recovery after photobleaching (FRAP) to determine bilayer diffusion coefficients. In a typical FRAP experiment a small (~30 µm diameter) area is photobleached by exposure to an intense light source. This area is then monitored over time as the “dead” dye molecules diffuse out and are replaced by intact dye molecules from the surrounding bilayer. By fitting this recovery curve it is possible to calculate the diffusion coefficient of the bilayer. An argument against the use of this technique is that what is actually being studied is the diffusion of the dye, not the lipid. While correct, this distinction is not always important, since the mobility of the dye is often dominated by the mobility of the bilayer. 
In traditional fluorescence microscopy the resolution has been limited to approximately half the wavelength of the light used. Through the use of confocal microscopy and image processing this limit can be extended, but typically not much below 100 nanometers, which is much smaller than a typical cell but much larger than the thickness of a lipid bilayer. More recently, advanced microscopy methods have allowed much greater resolution under certain circumstances, even down to sub-nm. One of the first of these methods to be developed was Förster resonance energy transfer (FRET). In FRET, two dye molecules are chosen such that the emission spectrum of one overlaps the absorption spectrum of the other. This energy transfer is extremely distance dependent, so it is possible to tell with angstrom resolution how far apart the two dyes are. This can be used for instance to determine when two bilayers fuse and their components mix. Another high resolution microscopy technique is fluorescence interference contrast microscopy (FLIC). This method requires that the sample be mounted on a precisely micromachined reflective surface. By studying the destructive interference patterns formed it is possible to individually resolve the two leaflets of a supported bilayer and determine the distribution of a fluorescent dye in each.
Electrical.
Electrical measurements are the most straightforward way to characterize one of the more important functions of a bilayer, namely its ability to segregate and prevent the flow of ions in solution. Accordingly, electrical characterization was one of the first tools used to study the properties of model systems such as black membranes. It was already known that the cell membrane was capable of supporting an ionic gradient and that this gradient is responsible for the ability of neurons to send signals via an action potential. Demonstrating that similar phenomena could be replicated "in vitro" was an important verification of the utility of model systems.
Fundamentally, all electrical measurements of bilayers involve the placement of an electrode on either side of the membrane. By applying a bias across these electrodes and measuring the resulting current, it is possible to determine the resistance of the bilayer. This resistance is typically quite high for intact bilayers, often exceeding 100 GΩ since the hydrophobic core is impermeable to charged hydrated species. Because this resistance is so large, the presence of even a few nanometer-scale holes results in a dramatic increase in current and can be easily determined. The sensitivity of this system is such that even the activity of single ion channels can be resolved. In such DC measurements, it is necessary to use electrochemically active electrodes to provide the necessary positive charges on one side and negative charges on the other. The most common system is the silver/silver chloride electrode since this reaction is stable, reversible, involves a single electron transfer and can produce large currents. In addition to simple DC current measurements it is also possible to perform AC electrical characterization to extract information about the capacitance and complex impedance of a bilayer. Because capacitance is inversely proportional to thickness and bilayers are very thin they typically have a very large capacitance, on the order of 2µF/cm2. Capacitance measurements are particularly useful when dealing with black lipid membranes, as they can be used to determine when the solvent/lipid plug thins down to a single bilayer.
Optical.
Lipids are highly polar molecules which when self assembled into bilayers creates a highly birefringent layer where the optical properties parallel are very different from those perpendicular. This effect, studied by dual polarisation interferometry has been used to measure dynamic reorganisation of the layer due to temperature, ionic strength, and molecular interactions with e.g. antimicrobial peptides.
AFM.
Atomic force microscopy (AFM) has been used in recent years to image and probe the physical properties of lipid bilayers. AFM is a promising technique because it has the potential to image with nanometer resolution at room temperature and even underwater, conditions necessary for natural bilayer behavior. These capabilities have allowed direct imaging of the subtle ripple phase transition in a supported bilayer. Another AFM experiment performed in a tapping mode under aqueous buffer medium allowed (1) to determine the formation of transmembrane pores (holes) around nanoparticles of approximately 1.2 to 22 nm diameter via subtraction of AFM images from series recorded during the lipid bilayer formation and (2) to observe adsorption of single insulin molecules onto exposed nanoparticles. Another advantage is that AFM does not require fluorescent or isotopic labeling of the lipids, as the probe tip interacts mechanically with the bilayer surface. Because of this, the same scan can reveal information about both the bilayer and any associated structures, even to the extent of resolving individual membrane proteins. In addition to imaging, AFM can also probe the mechanical nature of small delicate structures such as lipid bilayers. One study demonstrated the possibility of measuring the elastic modulus of individual nano-scale membranes suspended over porous anodic alumina. 
Although AFM is a powerful and versatile tool for studying lipid bilayers, there are some practical limitations and difficulties. Because of the fragile nature of the bilayer, extremely low scanning forces (typically 50pN or less) must be used to avoid damage. This consideration is particularly important when studying metastable systems such as vesicles adsorbed on a substrate, since the AFM tip can induce rupture and other structural changes. Care must also be taken to choose an appropriate material and surface preparation for the AFM tip, as hydrophobic surfaces can interact strongly with lipids and disrupt the bilayer structure.
Electron microscopy.
In electron microscopy a beam of focused electrons interacts with the sample rather than a beam of light as in traditional microscopy. Electrons have a much shorter wavelength than light so electron microscopy has much higher resolution than light microscopy, potentially down to the atomic scale. Because lipid bilayers are arranged on the molecular level, this higher resolution has been invaluable. In 1960, when the structure of the bilayer was still debated, it was electron microscopy that offered the first direct visualization of the two apposing leaflets. In conjunction with rapid freezing techniques, electron microscopy has also been used to study the mechanisms of inter- and intracellular transport, for instance in demonstrating that exocytotic vesicles are the means of chemical release at synapses. Often, electron microscopy is the only probe technique with sufficient resolution to determine complex nanometer-scale morphologies.
The limitations of electron microscopy in the study of lipid structures deal primarily with sample preparation. Most electron microscopes require the sample to be under vacuum, which is incompatible with hydration at room temperature. To surmount this problem, samples can be imaged under cryogenic conditions with the associated water frozen, or a metallic negative can be made from a frozen sample. It is also typically necessary to stain the bilayer with a heavy metal compound such as osmium tetroxide or uranyl acetate because the low atomic weight constituents of lipids (carbon, nitrogen, phosphorus, etc.) offer little contrast compared to water. If a Transmission electron microscope (TEM) is being used, it is also necessary to cut or polish the sample into a very thin (<1 micrometre) sheet, which can be difficult and time-consuming. Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM) does not require this step, but cannot offer the same resolution as TEM. Both methods are surface-sensitive techniques and cannot reveal information about deeply buried structures.
Neutron and X-ray scattering.
Both X-rays and high-energy neutrons are used to probe the structure and periodicity of biological structures including bilayers because they can be tuned to interact with matter at the relevant (angstrom-nm) length scales. Often, these two classes of experiment provide complementary information because each has different advantages and disadvantages. X-rays interact only weakly with water, so bulk samples can be probed with relatively easy sample preparation. This is one of the reasons that x-ray scattering was the technique first used to systematically study inter-bilayer spacing. X-ray scattering can also yield information on the average spacing between individual lipid molecules, which has led to its use in characterizing phase transitions. One limitation of x-ray techniques is that x-rays are relatively insensitive to light elements such as hydrogen. This effect is a consequence of the fact that x-rays interact with matter by scattering off of electron density which decreases with decreasing atomic number. In contrast, neutrons scatter off of nuclear density and nuclear magnetic fields so sensitivity does not decrease monotonically with z. This mechanism also provides strong isotopic contrast in some cases, notably between hydrogen and deuterium, allowing researchers to tune the experimental baseline by mixing water and deuterated water. Using reflectometry rather than scattering with neutrons or x-rays allow experimenters to probe supported bilayers or multilayer stacks. These measurements are more complicated to perform an analyze, but allow determination of cross sectional composition, including the location and concentration of water within the bilayer. In the case of both neutron and x-ray scattering measurements, the information provided is an ensemble average of the system and is therefore subject to uncertainty based on thermal fluctuations in these highly mobile structures.

</doc>
<doc id="21453856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453856" title="Palaeoamasia">
Palaeoamasia

Palaeoamasia is an extinct genus of embrithopod mammal. The type species, "Palaeoamasia kansui" () is represented in Eocene deposits of Central Anatolia. There are two other genera in the family: "Hypsamasia" and "Crivadiatherium".
"Palaeoamasia" was previously described as the oldest and most primitive of the arsinoitheriid, and, compared to the dentition of other genera in that family, its teeth are lower crowned than those of "Arsinoitherium" but still bilophodont and it skull lacked horns. Arsinoithere fossils have all been found in lignites that formed in swamps and lakes, corroborating the interpretation that all related genera were semi-aquatic. "Crivadiatherium", a closely related genus, has been found in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="21453859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453859" title="Kye Stewart">
Kye Stewart

Kye Stewart (born February 17, 1985 in Nashville, Tennessee) is a Canadian football linebacker who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos. He most recently played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He was originally signed by the Roughriders as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Illinois State.

</doc>
<doc id="21453860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453860" title="Crivadiatherium">
Crivadiatherium

Crivadiatherium is an extinct genus of Arsinoitheriidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21453863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453863" title="Lough Cullin">
Lough Cullin

Lough Cullin () is a lake in County Mayo in Ireland. With its immediate neighbour to the north, Lough Conn, it is connected to the Atlantic by the River Moy. Lough Cullin is noted for its trout and salmon fishing.
In Celtic mythology, Lough Cullin was created when Fionn mac Cumhaill was hunting with his hounds; Cullin and Conn. They came across a wild boar. Finn and the hounds attempted to chase it. However, as the boar ran, water poured from its feet. The hounds ran ahead of Finn and eventually Conn was ahead of Cullin. Conn chased the boar for days until a lake appeared. The boar swam back to land but Conn was drowned. This happened again in the south to Cullin.

</doc>
<doc id="21453870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453870" title="Raphael Hillyer">
Raphael Hillyer

Raphael Hillyer (April 10, 1914 – December 27, 2010) was an American viola soloist, teacher. Born Raphael Silverman in Ithaca, New York, his career included playing in the Boston Symphony Orchestra and co-founding the Juilliard String Quartet. Hillyer was still lecturing and teaching viola at Boston University during the final month of his life.
Career.
Hillyer was a founding member of the Juilliard String Quartet. He was born in 1914 to a family with a musical background: his mother was a pianist and his father, a mathematician, also was an amateur violist. Hillyer’s formal violin studies began in 1921, and his youthful passion for music was further ignited on a trip with his parents in 1924 to Leningrad, Russia where he studied with Sergei Korgueff and an 18 year-old Dmitri Shostakovich. At the age of 16 Hillyer attended the Curtis Institute of Music, followed by studies at Dartmouth College, from which he graduated Phi Beta Kappa with a mathematics degree in 1936. He then completed graduate work in music under Walter Piston and Hugo Leichtentritt at Harvard University,where he played frequent recitals with his friend and classmate, Leonard Bernstein.
In 1942, Hillyer joined the Boston Symphony Orchestra as a violinist under Serge Koussevitsky and played with the Stradivari Quartet alongside Boston Symphony violist, Eugene Lehner, who became his mentor. In 1946, at the urging of Lehner, Hillyer, until then a violinist, prepared for an audition with a new quartet that was in need of a violist. With a borrowed viola and an intensity for which he was becoming well known, Hillyer played the audition and was chosen to be the violist and founding member of what became the Juilliard String Quartet. Hillyer remained with the Juilliard String Quartet for 23 years, recording, teaching and concertizing—championing new music and reinvigorating chamber music. After retiring from the Juilliard String Quartet in 1969, Hillyer performed frequently as soloist and collaborator with other chamber music groups. He also intensified the work he had grown passionate about: teaching and mentoring young musicians throughout the world. He was a guiding force behind the Tokyo String Quartet for decades. Hillyer continued to teach at Boston University until his death. On December 6, 2010, he taught his very last class, which was described by those in attendance as "as passionate and illuminating as any he had ever taught."

</doc>
<doc id="21453871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453871" title="Ribodon limbatus">
Ribodon limbatus

Ribodon limbatus is an extinct species of Sirenians that lived around South America during the Tortonian.

</doc>
<doc id="21453876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453876" title="Jim Cohn">
Jim Cohn

Jim Cohn is a poet, poetry activist, and spoken word artist in the United States. He was born in Highland Park, Illinois, in 1953. Early poetics and musical influences include Bob Dylan, the subject of a now lost audiotaped for a class project completed in his senior year at Shaker Heights High School, where he also co-captained the varsity football team. He received a BA from the University of Colorado at Boulder in English (1976) and a Certificate of Poetics (1980) from the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics at Naropa University where he was a teaching assistant to Allen Ginsberg. He received his M.S. Ed. in English and Deaf Education from the University of Rochester and the National Technical Institute for the Deaf (NTID) in 1986. For over two decades, he worked in the field of disability services, taking a siddha approach as a model of Disability Services and Studies practice and scholarship. He believed that the social sciences should be redefined thematically within the United States into a form of American Karmic Studies.
Career.
In 1980, Jim Cohn published his first collection of poems, "Green Sky." In 1989 "Prairie Falcon" was published by North Atlantic Books. He would follow up this work with five more books of poetry and two works of poetics nonfiction.
He introduced Allen Ginsberg to Deaf poets at NTID in 1984. In 1986, he published a groundbreaking essay entitled "The New Deaf Poetics: Visible Poetry" in "Sign Language Studies" (52). In 1987, he coordinated the first National Deaf Poetry Conference, in Rochester, NY. The importance of his role in the history of American Sign Language (ASL) poetics was documented in a 2009 film by Miriam Nathan Lerner entitled "The Heart of the Hydrogen Jukebox".
In 1990, he began serving as editor to annual poetry magazine, "Napalm Health Spa". In 2009, "Napalm Health Spa" enjoyed its twentieth year of continuous publication. In 2013, released an anthologic special edition of Napalm Health Spa entitled Long Poem Masterpieces of the Postbeats. His entry was “Treasures For Heaven” Upon release of NHS13, poet David Cope suggested that Long Poem Masterpieces of the Postbeats is akin to Donald Allen's New American Poetry (Grove Press, 1960) in its scope and variety." 
In 1995, Jim began his recording career with The Abolitionists, a North Bay Area band that featured Mooka Rennick and guitarist Steve Kimock. He began a solo recording artist career beginning with "Unspoken Words" in 1998. From 2006-2008, he worked on "homage", a spoken word and music recording made upon the death of his mother. In 2009, he released "Impermanence", a double CD compilation.
In 1996, Jim began planning for an online poetry project that would explore Beat Generation influences on the Postbeat Poets. In 1997, Jim founded the on-line Museum of American Poetics. In 1999, MAP became the first online poetry site to be mentioned in the New York Times.
Jim published his first collection of prose that same year, exploring the theoretical parallels between ASL and modernist poetries in a book entitled "Sign Mind: Studies in American Sign Language Poetics".
Jim's first video production, the "American Poet Greats" series, won the Best Multimedia Award from Community Television in Boulder, Colorado for three year in a row (2001-2003). In 2003, Jim produced his first film, a 55 minute profile on the life and poetic contributions of the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics co-founder Anne Waldman, entitled "Anne Waldman: Makeup on Empty Space".
In a 2011 review of Cohn's "Sutras & Bardos: Essays & Interviews on Allen Ginsberg, the Kerouac School, Anne Waldman, The Postbeat Poets & the New Demotics", Beat Studies scholar Jonah Raskin wrote "Perhaps no one in the United States today understands and appreciates the poetic durability and the cultural elasticity of the Beats better than Jim Cohn."

</doc>
<doc id="21453888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453888" title="The New Dictionary of Modern Finnish">
The New Dictionary of Modern Finnish

The New Dictionary of Modern Finnish (Finnish: Kielitoimiston sanakirja) is the most recent dictionary of the modern Finnish language. It is edited by the Research Institute for the Languages of Finland. The current printed edition was first published in 2006, and is based on the 2004 digital version of the same name. Compared to the electronic version, the printed version lacks some features, like "asuinpaikkahakemisto" – the basic glossary of Finnish toponymy.
The dictionary is unilingually Finnish and attempts to "accurately reflect standard Finnish as it is used today". It explains the meaning of each headword, information about its orthography, inflected forms, stylistic register, typical usage and context.
Scope.
The dictionary consists of almost 100,000 entries. It was expanded and modernized from Suomen kielen perussanakirja ("The Basic Dictionary of the Finnish Language"), printed between 1990 and 1994 (and digitalized to CD-Perussanakirja in 1997). Compared to "Suomen kielen perussanakirja", the 2006 edition has about 6,500 new entries and about 20,000 modified entries. With "Nykysuomen sanakirja", the new dictionaries form a very comprehensive reference work on the modern Finnish language.

</doc>
<doc id="21453900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453900" title="Qiqihar University">
Qiqihar University

Qiqihar University () is an institution for higher education, founded in 1953 and located in Qiqihar city of Heilongjiang province in northeast China. Its campus has an area of 1.15 km². It is the only provincial, comprehensive, regular institution of higher learning in the western part of Heilongjiang Province. 
It is located beside Labor Lake in the city of Qiqihar. Covering an area of 1.25 square kilometers with a building area of 720,000 square meters, it is nicknamed 'The Round Lake University' and has been awarded titles such as 'Garden University' and 'Provincial Model Unit' by the Heilongjiang Provincial Committee of the CPC and the People's Government of Heilongjiang Province.
Colleges.
The university has several teaching and auxiliary teaching departments: a Computer Center, a Network and Audio-visual Education Center, a Department of Social Sciences, Libraries, and the Hermann Gmeiner Vocational Technical School. This is a cooperative program with SOS Children's Villages International.
Faculty.
Qiqihar University consists of 1347 full-time teachers, 72 of which hold doctoral degrees and 679 holding master's degrees. Nineteen experts enjoy special national government allowances. Three are tutors of postgraduate candidates, 168 are tutors of graduate candidates, 167 are professors, and 442 are associate professors.
Facilities.
The school and students are further provided with 14 distance network classrooms, a gymnasium, a stadium, a swimming pool and a music hall which are first-class in the province.
Three academic periodicals are published at home and abroad:
Exchange and international cooperation.
The university has established inter-collegiate contacts domestically and abroad and has had academic exchanges with 24 colleges from eight foreign countries including the U.S.A., Great Britain, Japan, South Korea, Russia, Canada, Austria, and Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21453905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453905" title="Jabar Koruna">
Jabar Koruna

Jabar Koruna, is a village in Malakand District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 32°58'30N 70°57'54E with an altitude of 398 metres (1309 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="21453912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21453912" title="Boško Palkovljević Pinki">
Boško Palkovljević Pinki

Boško Palkovljević "Pinki" (; 1920-1942) was a prominent Partisan fighter during World War II in Yugoslavia and a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.
Biography.
Palkovljević was born on 14 December 1920 in the village of Manđelos (part of Sremska Mitrovica), in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (today Serbia). After finishing the elementary school, he enrolled at the High School for Mechanics in Novi Sad. Pinki joined the SKOJ while in school, and, in 1940, became the leader of the school's SKOJ section. Soon he organized student strike, during which the students demanded better conditions for studying and better treatment from professors. He was later arrested because his organization took part in the textile workers' strike. He spent two months in detention, but was released due to the lack of evidence against him.
During the Axis Invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, although he was not in the army, Pinki responded to the call from his party and joined the fighting, where he was captured. During the transport to the concentration camps, he managed to escape in the city of Ruma, and to steal a hand grenade and a machine gun from the provisional airport in Veliki Radinci. After that, he joined Partisans at the Fruška Gora mountain.
Pinki was among the organizers of the escape of communist inmates from the Ustasha prison in Sremska Mitrovica. After they planned the escape, on 22 August 1941, Pinki and his comrades helped the 32 inmates to escape through an underground tunnel they dug. Afterwards, they took them to Fruška Gora. A decision was made that four of the escaped communists should remain on Fruška Gora, while the others should be transferred to Serbia. Pinki took them to Bogatić, where they were picked up by Mačva Partisans.
Pinki took part in the anti-fascist fights and diversions. He blew up a train in Srem with a home-made mine. Soon after that, he tried to blow a bridge on Bosut river disguised as a Croatian Home Guard soldier. He approached Ustasha guardian on the bridge and asked for a lighter. The Ustasha called him to a barrack where Pinki killed him, and another Ustasha who came to help. Then he placed a mine and blew up the bridge.
Boško Palkovljević was the first Partisan courier from Srem to reach the High Command of the People's Liberation Army and inform them on the activities of Vojvodina Partisans after the Axis offensive in Western Serbia and the withdrawal of Partisans toward Bosnia and Sandžak. Between early December 1941 and January 1942, during an entire month, Pinki pressed through enemy territory. He was even captured by Chetniks, but he managed to escape and to come back to Srem with the High Command's orders.
After he returned from the bridge destruction activities on 10 June 1942, Pinki was in the village of Mala Remeta when German forces attacked. Pinki opened fire on the Germans in an attempt to slow them and allow people to escape into the woods. While he was trying to escape too, he was shot by a machine gun.
He was among the first to be awarded Order of the National Hero on 25 October 1943.
Pinki was buried at the memorial cemetery in Sremska Mitrovica. Many streets and schools in SFRY Yugoslavia were named after him including the High School for Transport in Novi Sad. Hala Pinki sports hall in Zemun is also named after him.

</doc>
