<doc id="21525893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525893" title="Austrått">
Austrått

Austrått or Austrått Manor (in Norwegian: "Austråttborgen") is a manor in Ørland municipality, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway. Since the 10th century Austrått has been the residence for many noblemen, noblewomen and officials who played a significant role in Norwegian history. In historical records Austrått can also be found written as "Østråt", "Østeraat", "Østeraad", "Austaat" and "Austråt."
The layout of the manor as it stands today is attributed to chancellor Ove Bjelke, for whom construction was completed around 1656. The manor house burned in 1916. Restoration was begun in the 1920s and completed in 1961. The manor house was previously part of a larger property, but the land is now independent from the manor house. The Norwegian state owns the manor house, which is administered by Nordenfjeldske Kunstindustrimuseum in Trondheim. The manor is open for public tours from June until August.
The name Austrått is thought to derive from the old Norse terms for "eastern" ("austr") and "direction" or ("átt"), which could be interpreted as eastbound, or possibly the eastern property.
History.
Skjegge Asbjørnson (also known as "Jernskjegge" meaning Iron Beard) is the first person whose name is coupled with Austrått, though only after his death. According to the Heimskringla "Saga of Olav Tryggvason", Skjegge Asbjørnson from "Uphaug in Yrjar" (i.e. "Opphaug in Ørland") was one of the opponents during King Olav Tryggvason's efforts to convert Mid-Norway. Skjegge spoke against him at the Frostating in 997, and King Olav's men killed Skjegge. Snorri Sturluson relates that Skjegge was buried in "Skjegghaugen at Austrått" (haugen from the Old Norse "haugr" meaning hill or mound), though this burial mound has never been identified.
Austrått is one of the oldest residences for Norwegian chieftain & officials. In the 11th century the feudal lord ("lendmann") Finn Arnesson resided there. He was married to Harald Hardrada's niece Bergljot Halvdansdottir and so was related by marriage to two Norwegian Kings: Saint Olaf and Harald Hardrada. His brother Kalf was killed in battle on behalf of Harald at Funen and Finn became enemies with Harald. He then left Austrått to serve Sweyn Estridson, who appointed him as jarl ruling Halland.
After Finn, Austrått is not mentioned in the historical sources for 80 years. It is likely that, consistent with the practice of the time, the land was property of the crown. In 1130 Kåre Saksesson (also called "Kåre kongsbror" – literally the king's brother Kåre), is recorded as lord of Austrått. He was succeeded at Austrått by his son Sigurd Kåresson and his grandson Jon Sigurdsson. During this period the "Austrått borgkapell" (chapel) which still exists was constructed, most probably by Jon. Jon's daughter Baugeid then came into possession of Austrått. She married Åsulv Eiriksson, who was responsible for the death of Duke Skule Bårdsson.
Rømer family.
There is little known about the Austrått estate ownership for the next two centuries. In the 14th century the Rømer (family) family became lords of the estate. Otte Rømer (ca 1330–ca 1411) was probably the first owner from this lineage. A member of the State Council, Jep Fastulvsson was the owner from about 1400 until 1428. His widow Elsebet Ottesdatter Rømer inherited the estate upon Jep's death in 1428 and remained in control of the estate until 1444. Through Elsebet's family Jep Fastulvsson came into possession of the estate. Jep and Elsebet's son Narve Jepsson owned the estate for four years before he died. His brother Mads claimed Austrått after Narve's death, but the property eventually was transferred to Narve's widow Philippa Borkvardsdatter Krummedike and subsequently to his daughter Gjertrud Narvesdatter. Gjertud never lived at Austrått. In about 1462 she married the Swedish knight Magnus Green and sold Austrått to his stepfather, Philippa's new husband, Henrik Jensson.
After Henrik Jensson died sometime between 1472 and 1478, Gjertrud's cousin, Otte Madsson exercised his odelsrett and took possession of the estate in the period 1478–1481. About Otte little is known, but his daughter, son-in-law and granddaughters are well known to posterity: Chancellor and Lord High Steward of Norway Nils Henriksson ("Gyldenløve") (~1458–1523) and his wife, the famous Ingerd Ottesdatter (featured in the Ibsen play - "Fru Inger til Austrått") (~1470–1555) owned the estate ~1500–1552. Lord Niels was responsible for Sunnmøre, Romsdal and two of the districts in Trøndelag. After his death, Fru Inger became one of the most important persons in Norway during the reformation period. 
Lord Nils Henriksonn was the son of the former owner Henrik Jensson. Through his marriage with Inger Ottesdatter, Lord Nils, whose family also had a hereditary claim to Austraat, resolved the conflicting claims between the families' rights of inheritance
Fru Inger Ottesdatter (Lady Ingred of Austrått) played a key role in assuring Austrått was historically noteworthy. Gjerset has written, "Lady Ingre of Østraat was a talented, but ambitious and covetous Lady. Through the marriage of her daughters to immigrated Danish nobles who had high positions in the kingdom, she exercised a unique influence, and became the leading figure in one of the most tragic chapters in Norwegian history".
Although the political and economic change to a Lutheran state church during the reformation happened quickly, it was some time before it was widely accepted by the people. Prior to the transition, the new doctrine had been preached only in Bergen and in a few noble households along the western seaboard. Influenced by Fru Inger, Austraat was one of the households noted for early assumption of the Protestant doctrine.
It is likely that parts of the manor, as it stands today, were built during Nils and Inger's lifetime, when the main hall and the left wing of the main building were erected. Fru Inger lived quietly until her husband died in 1523, but as a widow she became politically active. Both historians and playwrights have examined the power struggle between the Protestant Fru Inger and Archbishop Olav Engelbrektsson, the last Catholic Archbishop of Nidaros. The Archbishop plundered Austrått three times, and contributed to the deaths of two of Ingerd's sons-in-law. On the other hand Fru Ingerd was not above reproach; she harboured a pretender to the Swedish throne and behaved aggressively in several dubious inheritance-related legal actions.
During the struggle Fru Inger and her son-in-law, Lord Vincence Lunge harbored a pretender to the Swedish throne, nominally the son of Sten Sture, at Austrått. The pretender was ultimately revealed to be a criminal named Jons Hansson. Having won Fur Inger's confidence in 1526, Jons became engaged to one of her daughters. Even after the fraud had been exposed, one of Inger's sons-in-law, Vincense Lunge, continued to support the pretender - presumably to limit competition for the estate of Austrått - until Hansson was killed in Rostock. Lunge was subsequently murdered by allies of archbishop Olav Engelbrektsson January 3, 1536.
Bjelke family.
In 1552 the Widow Inger transferred the Austrått estate to her daughter Lucie Nilsdatter and son-in-law Jens Tillufssøn Bjelke. Inger and Lucie drowned together in 1555, at Sunnmøre during a boat journey. With Fru Inger's death, the old Norwegian nobility of the first rank had virtually died out, as had the old Danish noble families who had intermarried with them. But new noble families were founded by Danes who, upon coming to Norway, acquired estates and became thoroughly Norwegian. Among these Danes were two sons-in-law of Fru Inger. Jens Tillufssøn Bjelke, upon acquiring Austraat became the founder for the noble line of Bjelke which held Austrått until 1699. 
Jens Tillufssøn Bjelke died in 1559, and his son, Åge Bjelke (1552–1603) assumed possession of Austrått at the age of 7 years. His guardian was Henrik Nielsson, his maternal Grandfather Niels' son from a previous marriage. Åge drowned in the Bjugnfjorden, and his widow held Austrått for 6 years before she transferred it to her son, Jens Bjelke (1580–1659). During the Åge Bjelke and Jens Bjelke periods of ownership the estate saw increased revenue as a result of the rich herring fishery on the Trøndelag coast during the 17th century. 
In April, 1611 King Christian IV declared war on Sweden. Jens Bjelke and Sten Bille, then Governor of Trondelag, were directed to assemble 2,000 men and muster them in Jämtland. Their movement of Norwegian troops into Sweden from Jämtland was rebuffed and then-Catholic Sweden took control of then-Catholic Jämtland, with a notable welcome from the natives. Jämtland was returned to Norway in the peace treaty and Jens did not suffer seriously for the failed invasion of Sweden as he went on the become Chancellor of Norway. Jens Bjelke held the office of Chancellor from 1614, was feudal overlord to Bergen from 1633, in Stavanger from 1641 and later on Elingård as well. 
Ove Bjelke (1611–1674), who leased Austrått from 1641, took over both Austrått and the position of Chancellor for Norway when his father, Jens, died in 1659. As feudal overlord to Bakke kloster Ove had been able to stay at Austrått on a regular basis and oversee operations there. Much of the manor, as it stands today, is the result of his efforts. The current design of the central building, the wings, the gateway and the design of the main staircase have been attributed to him. Ove Bjelke was educated in Padua, Italy, and sources indicate that both the central tower and pillar are based on comparable structures there. At the same time the central axis of the loggia (a gallery of Italian design) provides a clear expression of an Absolute monarchy-esque world view, with the Chancellor as the worldly authority, and thus as God's representative.
Upon Ove Bjelke's death, his three daughters did not assume control of Austrått. The estate passed to Ove's nephew Christoffer Bjelke, the son of Admiral Henrik Bjelke. Christoffer owned Austrått from 1674, but rarely visited it. In 1686 he sold the estate to his cousin Christian Frederik von Marschalck (ca 1650–1719). Marschalck, who served as Chancellor, as had his uncle Ove Bjelke, lost Austrått to bankruptcy. He left Austrått for Denmark in 1698, in 1699 and handed control of the property to his creditors, who included "Den norske krigshospitalkasse" and other public financial institutions. After this Austrått passed out of hereditary status as a seat of nobility, and lost its Åsetesrett status.
The Holtermann period.
Abraham Dreyer (1671–1736) was a Court of Appeals Judge in Trondheim, a mayor and a significant investor. In 1721 he purchased Austrått through the bailiff who was acting on behalf of the creditors. Dryer never took up residence there, but paid for renovations. In 1736 he sold the estate to the judge and counselor Søren Dass, who took up residence at the manor; he is buried in the chapel burial chamber. In 1760 his widow sold the property to commerce counselor Hans Holtermann (1709–1781), which began 103 years of Holtermann family ownership. This first Holtermann sold a portion of the estate properties in Stjørna, and is probably responsible for modifications of the manor such as the addition of a mansard roof to the main hall. He transferred ownership of the estate to his son Eiler Hagerup Holtermann(1748–1800). Both in Eiler's and in his son Ove Bjelke Holtermann's (1782–1857) ownership period many tenant farms were sold, reducing the size of the estate. 
Around 1770 Eiler Horn Mann imported cattle from Ireland and the Netherlands. This became the basis for a separate local cattle breed known as "Austråttfe", which through the loan of breeding stock became dominant in Orland and the neighboring villages from 1806 until 1902. The characteristics of Ove Bjelke Holtermann's Austråttfe bred cattle was a deep red body colour with a white head.
The priest Eiler Hagerup Holtermann (1811–1872) assumed the estate from his father in 1857, but spent little time there as his ecclesiastical duties kept him elsewhere. Eiler Holtermann sold part of the estate at Gjølga, a large forestry property in Bjugn before he sold Austrått to Anders Gravrok in 1863. Gravrok was resident at Austrått for 6 years before he declared bankruptcy. Eiler H. Holtermann was the only one who bid on the estate at the bankruptcy sale and in 1871 resumed ownership of Austrått. He died in 1872. His widow Anna Andrine Holtermann arranged to sell land in Tarva, before she sold Austrått in 1873 to Oppdaler Ole Rise (1835–1899).
Farmers and financiers.
Ole Rise owned the manor for 9 years, before his interest was purchased by John Heftye (1849–1907). Rise then settled in Stjørdal, where he bought Ree farm. During the period he owned Austrått, he also owned Sundnes distillery on the island of Inderøy. There had previously been a dairy operation on Austrått, probably from 1858, and continuing until the dairy burned down sometime in 1879 and Rise continued it. Rise's stewardship of the Austrått property has been the source of some disagreement. Andersen/Bratberg writes that "Rise ... has received a bad reputation as a man who depleted the property and was only interested in making the most money possible out of it"; while local historian Terje Sørensen wrote that "Ole Rise ran the property well, putting into use the existing buildings and building an extension to the cow barn. It was called "Rise Cow Barn." He received the prize for good cattle care in 1875, and was awarded prizes at exhibitions of livestock and dairy products".
Johannes Thomassen Heftye (1849–1907) owned Austrått from 1882 until his death in 1907. He came from a wealthy Kristiania family, was the son of Thomas Johannessen Heftye, lived in the Austrått manor, and worked actively to re-create the master farmers or estate feel both inside and outside of the manor. Heftye was considered somewhat "eccentric" by locals and came into conflict over property rights. A dispute over the use of a right-of-way resulted in Heftye shooting and accidentally killing a man on 26 December 1899.
Politicians and speculator Peder Rinde (1844–1937) owned Austrått from 1908 to 1912. He reduced the size of the estate's property by selling a number of plots. A formal distinction between the manor and the estate as separate property was filed in 1912, but was not legalized until later under another owner. In 1912 Rinde sold Austrått to Kristiania-capitalist (consultant and industrialist) Georg Walentin Hammer, who owned Austrått for 2 years. Both under Rinde and Hammer, the agronomist Olaf Arnstad served as the farm manager. Hammer sold Austrått by auction in 1914 – it was purchased by a consortium, consisting of timberman Simen A. Landet, brewery owner Gunnerius Flakstad and attorney Hans Christian Bull Heyerdahl'. All three were resident in Hedmark, and the first two directors were directors of the "Oplandske Kreditbank".
After the manor house burned on 28 November 1916, the investors had little interest in restoring the manor. In 1919 the title for the manor was transferred to the Norwegian state, while the Austrått estate land was retained by Simen Landet. Following his death in 1935, his property passed to Orland municipality. The Orland municipality sold the land to the county in 1947, with the thought that the farm would be an agricultural school. This was not realized, and in 1985 the land was sold back to the Orland municipality. The Orland council now owns what is left of the soil property, approximately 1,500 hectares.
Real property overview.
It is difficult to determine how large the estate of Austrått was. The simplest reckoning is that it included all properties in the neighborhood of Fosen that were not owned by the church. In addition, a number of the Lords of Austrått owned the property elsewhere in Norway, which is considered integral to Austrått. The property related to Austrått, or more precisely owned by the "Lord of Austrått", was probably at its greatest during the ownership of Ingerd Ottesdatter (Lady Inger) and her descendants, such as Jens Bjelke. After Jens Bjelke the estate was divided among his 8 children, and was substantially reduced.
Although the extent of the estate varied with time, it is possible to get a sense of it from accounts of Jens Bjelke's estates, which were prepared as part of a national timberland inventory at King Frederik III's order in 1648. The extent of the properties was probably at its largest since at the time Jens Bjelke managed the legacy of his mother, Fru Margrethe Thott, which included Tønnøl as the head estate. This legacy was divided among several heirs in 1649. 
In total the Bjelke estate in 1648 amounted to more than, in the units of the period, 1,438 "tønne" of land. This is equivalent to approximately of arable land. 
The "jordebøker" (a cadastral survey) of the time provides a comprehensive register of the metes-and-bounds for real property in Norway. A comparison of the "jordebøker" from 1639 covering the properties of 56 Norwegian lords records a total property holding of 9,605 "tønne". Of this Jens Bjelke owned 1,124 "tønne", which amounted to 12% of the arable land held by nobility. Bjelke was by far the largest property holder; the next closest man on the list was Governor Christoffer Knudsen Urne with a real estate holding of 558 "tønne".
Of the 83 farms which Jens Bjelke held as part of the Austrått estate, the record shows that the largest number were in Orland parish (Orland, Bjugn and Stjørna). 5 were in Jøssund, 5 in Åfjord, 5 in Roan and 1 in Stoksund.
The manor buildings.
Imposing manor houses, common to the other Scandinavian countries and to much of western Europe during the Renaissance, were scarce in Norway since the native nobility lacked the necessary means. Among those that were built in the 17th century, "the most famous was that of the Bjelke family at Austraatt." 
The manor yard has been through several transformations in the course of its approximately 800 years of recorded existence. The Manor House and yard has been constructed, since the 1650s, around and incorporating a stone church. Prior to construction of the stone church in 1150–1210, it is believed that there was a wooden church located there for approximately 150 years. The church has been updated with new interior in the Baroque style, but several sculptures dating from the 13th century remain preserved there. The central axis tower of the manor was at one time the west tower of the church.
The manor is believed to have been completed in its present form by 1656. Legend has it that Ove Bjelke's second wife Regitze Gedde was not satisfied with the existing buildings on Austrått, and that she urged him to improves the buildings with remarks such as "The barns of Sem farm are finer than the houses here." The buildings that still stand, together with the remaining courtyard walls, constitute only a part of the former manor facilities.
Today a portion of the manor structures are preserved, but the buildings dedicated to economic production have been removed, probably at the end of the 19th century. Residences for the staff and shops (operating buildings) were located to both the north and west of the main manor (see the drawing from 1857).
The manor house is built in the Renaissance style, but the decorations are Baroque. This can be seen at the main gate entering into the courtyard. The coat of arms for Ove Bjelke and his first two wives are carved in soapstone over the portal, while along the sides of the portal can be found the coats of arms from earlier generations on his mother's side.
The manor house is laid out symmetrically. It is 33 meters from the foot of the stairs to the top of the tower, and 33 meters from the foot of the stairs to the main gate portal.
The chapel and its furnishings.
The chapel, with its noticeably thicker walls, comprises one side of the current main building, standing approximately 13 meters up to the ridge. In the west end there was a narrow tower which today lies on the central axis of the main building. Today's low ceiling in the chapel dates back to the reconstruction that was carried out in the 17th century. In the tower there may previously have been a private chapel for the manor's gentleman on the floor above the ground floor. Behind the chapel lies a partition, probably listed in records as the chancel rail ~1620, but moved to the back during reconstruction of the chapel. The chapel pews have carved end-ornamentation, and one of the pew doors is preserved.
The altarpiece is in the 1650-century Baroque style and was painted and carved by anonymous artists. The painting shows the crucifixion, while the carved angels on the frame exhibit the passion-cycle implements: nails and a thorny crown. At the bottom of the altarpiece, under the image, are carved the coat of arms for Bjelkes, Juuls and Lindenows. A chalice and a silver altar dish from 1655 are preserved at Austrått. A chasuble from 1662 is preserved in the church's collection. The carved pulpit is from the early 17th century.
In addition to the altarpiece, 4 of the 7 paintings with biblical theme that Ove Bjelke acquired for the chapel are preserved. In addition 7 of the 10 sculptures from the Middle Ages were rescued from the fire in 1916. The most important of these is the Austrått Madonna, one of four sculptures in the chapel which date from the period of 1220–1260, and which were either imported from northern England, or were carved in Trondheim by an English craftsman. There are also two sculptures of Saint Olaf, from 14th and 15th centuries. 
The coffins of Ove Bjelke, of his first two wives Maren Juul and Regitze Giedde, as well as of a later owner, Judge Søren Dass (who died in 1757) lie in the burial chamber beneath the church. The entrance to the burial chamber lies behind the altar. The burial chamber was built in 1667 by Ove Bjelke. The coffins were buried in the Ørland church yard from 1859 to 1928. They were returned to the manor during the feast of Saint Olaf in 1928; a large ceremony with 3000 spectators accompanied the return.
The main building.
The main building was built around the chapel. The exact dates of construction are unknown, but it was likely to have been completed by Ove Bjelke in 1665/66. The manor's great hall, now called the "Knight's Hall", lies above the chapel and in the right portion of the main building. This hall has been used for governmental meetings and formal occasions. In Ove Bjelke's time it was adorned with 11 paintings, of which the most important was a portrait of King Christian IV. Since the post-fire restoration it now displays the portrait of Ove Bjelke and his three brothers Jørgen, Henrik and Christian Bjelke. This hall has been restored with patterns similar to the floor of the 18th century; previously, the floor had been patterned brick. The fireplace from 1625-50 in the Dutch Renaissance style, "is among the foremost at Austrått". On the west wall, along the hall-tower axis, are two oak doors, reconstructed in the style of the originals from the 17th century. 
Upstairs west of the tower there are two rooms, the first of which is greater than the other. The first has been used as a living room, and has both a fireplace and a "kakkelovn" (glazed-tile stove). During Ove Bjelke's time an armory (weapons collection) was stored here. A tin tray, made in Hamburg in 1666, with Ove Bjelke's and Hedvig Lindenow's coat of arms, are on display there now. Until 1800 the innermost, smaller space was divided into two separate rooms: the Lord's and the Lady's bedrooms.
From the end of the 19th century the left portion of the first floor of the main building served as the kitchen and pantry. Today it serves as the cafe and giftshop for visitors.
The tower spire has the initials "EH"and the year 1781 carved in it, commemorating the year that Eiler Holtermann took over Austrått from his father.
Courtyard and building wings.
In the 17th century the main building was supplemented by connecting walls which tie the two side wings to the main building. The side wings each contain dwelling rooms. The wings are connected by walls to the gate tower with the entry portal centrally positioned in the tower. From the outside the walls are arranged such that the manor appears essentially square in layout. There is a significant increase in elevation (from south to north) in the courtyard, so that the terrain in the upper part of the manor courtyard is level with the main building vestibule and level with the second floor of the side wings. The bedrock is visible both on the surface in the lower courtyard, and in the transition area. Both the upper and lower courtyards are paved with flagstone. The steps connecting the levels were built in the 17th century.
In the vestibule of the courtyard one can see the side wings second floors. The columns that hold the roofs of the side wings are carved wood with a religious theme. They represent the ten bridesmaids, five wise and five foolish, known from Jesus' parable of the bridge groom in the Gospel of Matthew, Chapter 25. Statues of two young angels, and of four male figures from the Old Testament (Moses, Joshua, Elia and probably Gideon) are on the west end of the courtyard. The original figures from the 17th century were Baroque in character, while the reconstructions from the 1950s are made in a cleaner, tighter style.
A double staircase of authentic wrought-iron construction, and a roofed gallery (loggia) with three arches are centrally located on the main building, serving as a dominant feature for both the main building and the courtyard. Coats of arms and bible verses which attest to Lord Ove Bjelke origin and status are carved above the gallery arches. As viewed from the lord of the manor's position at the head of the stairs, the ten bridesmaids are arranged symbolically: they are distributed with the bad bridesmaids to the left and the good bridesmaids to the right.
The manor layout is designed to emphasize the lord of the manor's role as a Chancellor, as the King's representative and thus as God's deputy in the country and on the estate. The parable of the bridesmaids in Matthew's Gospel, ends with a speech: "Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand: 'Come, you who are blessed by my Father'." and "Then shall he say to those on the left hand, 'Depart from me, ye cursed…'" Similarly the location of the caryatid-like figures from the Old Testament also emphasizes who the lord of the manor sees as his peers: the lawmaker, the military leader and the prophet are at his level at to his right. 
There is an inscription in Latin over the main door, inside the gallery: "With God's help Ove Bjelke has committed to preserve this edifice for his heirs."
The pyramid.
A square, stone pyramid southwest of the fortress bears a plaque with the inscription: "«Her bær den Sted nu Korn som fordum haffuer baaren den dyre Rigens Mand af Herren sielff udkaaren Jens Bielcke, som i Fem og Fyrretiuffe aar Rett Landsens Fader och To Kongers Kandtzler waar»". The plaque also bears the coats of arms of Ove Bjelke and of his three wives, as well as a Latin text that says that Bjelke, "a much-loved eldest son and father' successor in office". The plaque suggests the monument was erected in 1665. Stylistically it is not likely that the pyramid was built in 1665, and it is postulated that the memorial plaque was relocated from elsewhere to the pyramid when it was raised ain the 18th century, sometime before 1774.
From the 1916 fire until the present.
Austrått manor burned down the night of 28 November 1916. The fire is attributed to a lightning strike. All wood in the building burned, including the 14 carved statues around the manor. The estate manager, Julian Frengen, and neighbor Peder Hagemo were two of the men who played an important role in the efforts to rescue the church furnishings. They succeeded in saving most of the church inventory including 7 of 10 medieval sculptures, along with the pulpit, church silver, altarpiece, 4 of 7 paintings, 4 grave epitaphs and other smaller items. They received a silver medal, HM The King's Medal of Merit, in January 1917 in recognition of their efforts.
From 1914 to 1919 the manor was co-owned by private owners. The owners had no prospects for restoring the facility after the fire, and offered to given the manor to the Society for the Preservation of Ancient Norwegian Monuments. In 1919 the state became the owner and restoration was begun. Restoration was carried out in collaboration with "Nidaros Domkirkes Restaureringsarbeider", under the leadership of Wilhelm Swensen. Restoration was completed in 1961. Fortunately Austrått Manor had been extensive measured and the buildings carefully described by the architect Lorentz Harboe Ree, and art historian Fredrik B. Wallem years before the fire. This record was essential to the successful restoration of the manor. 
The Austrått Madonna from 1220 was split in two during the salvage, but was successfully restored. The new figures in the courtyard were carved from 1953 to 1956 by Oscar Lynum, Knut Skinnarland, Kristofer Leirdalen and Tone Thiis Schjitne. 
The manor is currently owned by the Norwegian state and is managed by the "Nordenfjeldske Kunstindustrimuseum". The manor house is open for guided tours from June to August. 
The church is still used for worship and other religious activities in the summer. It is particularly popular as a location for weddings. The knight's hall is used for concerts in summer, and for secular coming-of-age ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="21525919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525919" title="Cerova (disambiguation)">
Cerova (disambiguation)

Cerova is a toponym used for several different villages:

</doc>
<doc id="21525923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525923" title="Víctor Gárate">
Víctor Gárate

Víctor J. Gárate (born September 25, 1984, in Maracay, Venezuela) is a professional baseball pitcher who is currently with the Saraperos de Saltillo of the Mexican League.
Baseball career.
Gárate was signed by the Houston Astros as a non-drafted free agent in 2005, and made his professional debut with the Greeneville Astros in the Appalachian League. He was 4–1 with a 5.57 ERA during the 19 games he pitched in relief that season. The next two seasons he spent with the Tri-City ValleyCats and the Lexington Legends. 
He was selected by the Dodgers in the minor league phase of the Rule 5 draft in 2007,[http://www.minorleaguebaseball.com/milb/events/winter_meetings/y2007/index.jsp?mc=rule5] and played with the Great Lakes Loons and the Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino. He was added to the Dodgers' 40 man roster prior to the 2009 season and spent the season with the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts.
On September 2, 2009 the Dodgers sent Gárate to the Washington Nationals to complete the trade for infielder Ronnie Belliard. Two days later, the Nationals placed him on their active roster and he made his debut on September 5. In four games he allowed five runs in two innings.
On July 12,2012, Gárate was released by the Milwaukee Brewers organization. Gárate was signed by the York Revolution of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball on July 19, but was released a week later on July 26, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21525959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525959" title="Flagstaff Station">
Flagstaff Station

Flagstaff station can also be Television and Radio stations in and around Flagstaff, Arizona USA:

</doc>
<doc id="21525963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525963" title="Morpheus Media Ventures">
Morpheus Media Ventures

Morpheus Media Ventures is a multi-level entertainment company from Calcutta, India. Its corporate offices are located in Mumbai. Morpheus started its film production channel in 2006 with a Bengali movie and followed by Arin Paul's . They attempt to do 3-4 movies per year in this language. They also started to produce Bollywood, Marathi movies as well as international movies. Its first international production is Nair San, which is being produced in three different languages.

</doc>
<doc id="21525982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525982" title="Carl Wemmers">
Carl Wemmers

Carl Wemmers (1845 – 18 September 1882) was a German chess master.
He shared 2nd at Cologne 1877 (Johannes Zukertort won), took 8th at Frankfurt 1878 (Louis Paulsen won), took 12th at Leipzig 1879 (the 1st DSB Congress, Berthold Englisch won), tied for 3rd-5th at Braunschweig 1880 (L. Paulsen won), took 12th at Wiesbaden 1880, and tied for 13-14th in the Berlin 1881 chess tournament (the 2nd DSB Congress, Joseph Henry Blackburne won).

</doc>
<doc id="21525986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525986" title="Maksims Bogdanovs">
Maksims Bogdanovs

Maksims Bogdanovs (born January 2, 1989) is a Latvian motorcycle speedway rider, since 2007 participating in Speedway Grand Prix of Latvia competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="21525993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21525993" title="Howard French (UK journalist)">
Howard French (UK journalist)

Howard French (23 November 1912 – 24 October 2008) was a British newspaper editor.
Biography.
Born in Southgate, French grew up as a Roman Catholic and studied at Ealing Priory School. He joined the "Sunday Dispatch" as a reporter in 1936, and soon discovered that the environmentalist Grey Owl, supposedly a Native American, had been born in England as Archie Belaney. He served in the Royal Naval Reserve during World War II, then returned to the "Dispatch".
French later moved to the "Daily Sketch" and in 1962 became its editor. He served until 1969, when he joined the board of Associated Newspapers. He was given control of editorial development, and in 1971 he co-ordinated the merger of the "Sketch" with the "Daily Mail". He retired in 1977, but was involved in the 1982 launch of the "Mail on Sunday".

</doc>
<doc id="21526004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526004" title="Oberhohenberg">
Oberhohenberg

The Oberhohenberg (1,011 metres) is the second highest mountain of the Swabian Alb, only four metres lower than the Lemberg. 
The ruins on its top derive from the year 1449, when the Castle Oberhohenberg together with the town of Hohenberg, located on the mountain's feet, were destroyed in a local feud.

</doc>
<doc id="21526015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526015" title="List of Kent County Cricket Club List A captains">
List of Kent County Cricket Club List A captains

This is a list of the men who have captained Kent County Cricket Club in at least one List A fixture since the creation of the List A format in 1963.
Captains.
"Statistics include all matches in the Friends Provident Trophy, National (Sunday) League and Benson & Hedges Cup, as well as matches against touring sides."
"Players shaded in blue were at some point named official club captain. Those not shaded acted as captain when the official captain was unavailable."
"Statistics correct to the end of the 2009 English cricket season."

</doc>
<doc id="21526022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526022" title="89 Squadron">
89 Squadron

89 Squadron or 89th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21526039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526039" title="1953 Allan Cup">
1953 Allan Cup

The 1953 Allan Cup was the Canadian national senior ice hockey championship for the 1952-53 Senior "A" season. The event was hosted by the Kitchener-Waterloo Flying Dutchmen and Kitchener, Ontario. The 1953 playoff marked the 45th time that the Allan Cup has been awarded.
Playdowns.
Eastern Playdowns.
Semi-final
Final
Western Playdowns.
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final

</doc>
<doc id="21526045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526045" title="Sultana (gastropod)">
Sultana (gastropod)

Sultana is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Orthalicidae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Sultana" include:

</doc>
<doc id="21526055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526055" title="Jack Cover">
Jack Cover

John "Jack" Higson Cover, Jr. (April 6, 1920 – February 7, 2009) was the inventor of the Taser stun gun.
Biography.
He was born in New York City on April 6, 1920, and grew up in Chicago. He earned a bachelor's degree and a doctorate in nuclear physics at the University of Chicago, studying under Enrico Fermi. During World War II, he was an Army Air Force test pilot. He later worked the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake. He was a scientist at North American Aviation from 1952 until 1964 and also worked for NASA (Apollo program), IBM and Hughes Aircraft.
In 1970, he formed Taser Systems, Inc., named for a Tom Swift novel about the Thomas A. Swift's Electric Rifle. Because the Taser used gunpowder to launch the darts, the federal government considered it a firearm, a classification that ruled out a civilian market and also discouraged police and military sales.
He had Alzheimer's disease, and died of pneumonia at his home in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21526088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526088" title="Zavlaka">
Zavlaka

Zavlaka () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 962 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="21526133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526133" title="Paul Gervais (writer)">
Paul Gervais (writer)

Paul Gervais is an American novelist and garden-designer, who has also written a personal memoir. His novel, "Extraordinary People", was nominated for the PEN/ Faulkner Award for Fiction in 1992.
Early life and studies.
George Paul Gervais Jr. was born in America in 1946 at Waterville, Maine, to George Paul and Doris Boyd Gervais. His father was born George Paul Beede, in Lowell, Massachusetts, 1908, but adopted the name of his step-father, Gervais, when he was 26 years old. (He was directly descended in the paternal line from Elie de Bédée des Aulnais, born in Britain on the island of Jersey, of a French Protestant family of Anger and Brittany, who had fled France after the repeal of the Edict of Nantes. Elie de Bédée emigrated to New England in America in 1707.)
Gervais attended Saint Michael's College in Vermont, where he earned his B.A. in English Literature in 1969. He also attended San Francisco State University, where he studied poetry with Robert Creeley and Philip Lamantia. In 1980 he earned his M.F.A. from the San Francisco Art Institute.
Career.
Gervais worked in advertising and real estate before becoming a full-time writer in 1984. He completed his first novel, "Extraordinary People", in 1991; which depicted the lives of two boys growing up in neglectful households. It was a finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. "Gar-an-guli" (1999) is a short story in book form about growing up in New England and its American Indigenous heritage.
Gervais met Gil Cohen, his husband, in 1974, and together they have lived in the United States of America at Boston, San Francisco, Point Reyes, California, New York City, and in Italy at Lucca. Their home in Lucca, Villa Massei, which they bought in 1981, has been published in numerous books and magazines for its extraordinary garden, created by its owners, which is visited annually by thousands of garden-lovers from all over the world. Gervais's book, "A Garden in Lucca" (2000), is a personal memoir recalling the author's journey of self-discovery after buying and caring for the extensive garden in Tuscany, Italy. "Un Giardino a Lucca, la storia illustrata" (2007) is a large-format, illustrated version of "A Garden in Lucca" with an abridged text. Other short fiction and articles by Gervais have been published in anthologies and periodicals, including "The Los Angeles Times".
Gervais is a member of P.E.N. and the Authors Guild. He is also a visual artist and a garden designer.

</doc>
<doc id="21526134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526134" title="Tomanj">
Tomanj

Tomanj () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a population of 433 in 2002, all of whom were ethnic Serbs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21526143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526143" title="Dream Factory">
Dream Factory

Dream Factory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21526152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526152" title="Lee Groberg">
Lee Groberg

Lee B. Groberg (born 1951) is a documentary filmmaker and Latter-day Saint. Many of his films focus on Latter-day Saint history, while others focus on Utah history or the Olympics.
Groberg was born and raised in Farr West, Utah.
His first film were industrial films made for such organizations as Nu Skin. His first documentary was "Winter: the St. Paul/Sapporo connection". In 1991 he made "American Gunmaker: The John M. Browning Story". Many of Groberg's films have had T. C. Christensen as the cinematographer. Later Mark Goodman became the main cinematographer working with Groberg.
Groberg and his wife Jeanene live in Bountiful, Utah. They are the parents of seven children.

</doc>
<doc id="21526175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526175" title="Ravnaja">
Ravnaja

Ravnaja () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a population of 323 in 2002, all of whom were ethnic Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="21526178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526178" title="Mounira El Mahdeya">
Mounira El Mahdeya

Mounira El Mahdeya (born Zakiyya Hassan) () was an Egyptian singer born in 1885 in Alexandria; she died in 1965. The singer, better known under the nickname of "Sultana of the song" or "The Sultana", was considered to be the leading Egyptian singer between the two wars.
Career.
She studied in a French nuns’ school, after which she began her career in singing and dancing in local clubs.
Later, she joined the theatre of Aziz Eid, known for encouraging and developing the talents of his actors, actors who have among them many future stars such as Fatma Rushdi. This is where Mounira El Mahdeya acquired her playing technique and her lyrical talent as an actress and singer where she will deploy in the future.
Having formed in contact with the theatrical traditions of the time, she had the typical appearance of actresses of her time, with large eyes blackened by Kohl makeup and short wavy hair. A characteristic opulence and an attractive face have made her a star typical of the tradition of the great Egyptian singers and divas.
Alexandria was the birthplace of the developed cinema in Egypt. Mounira El Mahdeya was proclaimed first Egyptian Muslim actress to appear on stage. Because of the strong cultural pressure of time constraints on the actresses, she began her career in 1917, interpreting male roles as Romeo and Mark Antony.
Before that, female roles were performed by actors or Christian or Jewish actresses. She also began to sing in opera with many popular Italian operas, her performances became very popular and increasingly demanded by the public.
It is from her stage experiences that other Muslim women artists have dared to live their art, as the actresses Bahige Hafez, Fatma Rushdi and Aziza Amir. Music and interpretations of Mounira El Mahdeya marked the beginning of the spread of Egyptian music called "light", which appeared after the Great War and contrary to traditional scholarly music. It is in this sense in the movement of women who were the spokesmen of the modernization, she fought for their recognition.
The great popularity of Mounira El Mahdeya, sharpened by the success of the film La Coquette in 1935, enabled her to build a network of fans from different backgrounds, both social and geographical, and a theatre now bears her name. It does not found a successor to the extent of her talent until later when Umm Kulthum appeared.
Sang to the kings and leaders in the celebration of national days, such as "National Day of Turkey" in front of Kemal Ataturk.
In the seventies, she was given a screen debut in a film by Hassan al-Imam, The sultana of the song (Soltanat al Tarab), produced and played by the artist Shtrifa Fadel.
Munira Mahdia died on March 12, 1965 at the age of eighty years after a long professional life.
Filmography.
1935: The Coquette ( El Ghandourah)
stars Mounira El Mahdeya and Ahmed Allam
Directed by Mario Volpi
Honours.
Mounira El Mahdeya was honoured by the King of Morocco and President of Tunisia and from the President of Turkey Kemal Ataturk, she was the only artist that he admired.

</doc>
<doc id="21526200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526200" title="Art Ball">
Art Ball

Arthur Clark Ball (April 1876 – December 26, 1915) was an American Major League Baseball player from Kentucky. Ball played parts of two seasons in the Majors; one game for the 1894 St. Louis Browns, and 32 games for the 1898 Baltimore Orioles.
After his professional baseball career ended after 1913, he moved to Chicago, where he was a nightwatchman. Ball died at the age of 39 in Chicago of liver cirrhosis and peritonitis with pulmonary tuberculosis, and is interred at Mount Olivet Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21526202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526202" title="Tolisavac">
Tolisavac

Tolisavac () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a population of 667 in 2002, all of whom were ethnic Serbs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21526208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526208" title="GEDCO">
GEDCO

Govans Ecumenical Development Corporation (GEDCO), a Baltimore-based nonprofit social service provider and a developer of subsidized housing . The corporation primarily serves low-income seniors and previously homeless men and women through affordable housing and support programs.
History.
In the early 1980s, a local minister, Reverend Jack Sharp and the pastors of seven churches along the York Road corridor in the Govans neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland, started meeting together to discuss the common needs of their congregations and communities. They were especially concerned about the low-income frail elderly members of their congregations.
Programs.
Three renovated single-family houses operating as group homes for individuals with chronic mental illnesses.
Food pantry and emergency outreach center serving local residents and referrals from Member Organizations.
Individualized assistance program that supports people in securing and retaining employment.
Renovated antebellum Govanstowne hotel, now 33-unit housing facility for low-income seniors and those with disabilities who are 55 years or older.
Renovated mansion built in 1855, now a 40-unit housing for low-income seniors.
Acquiring, rehabilitating, and selling 5 single family homes to qualified homebuyers in the neighborhoods surrounding Stadium Place.
Community offering a home environment with long-term care services.
Long-term housing and supportive services for men who were homeless.
Comfortable atmosphere in which older adults can remain independent and active through specially designed programs.
Permanent housing and supportive services for formerly homeless men and women.
Through entertainment, enrichment, enjoyment and education, older adults remain independent and active through specially designed programs.
Serves 25 people who were homeless and living with disabling conditions through placement in scattered-site apartments. A Case Manager ensures that needed health and social services are accessible to program residents, who are encouraged to continue striving to achieve meaningful goals in their lives.
GEDCO, along with its key partners, is developing a mixed-income retirement community at Stadium Place, site of the former Memorial Stadium in northern Baltimore City. The campus currently includes four apartment buildings for over 350 older adults, a full service YMCA with community center and recreation facilities, ThanksGiving Place (a meditative garden with a labyrinth), and a community built playground. GEDCO also is developing the Green House® Residences, a new model of residential long-term care, and a Village Center, with retail, commercial, office, and community gathering space.
Staffing.
The Executive Directors have been:
The Presidents of GEDCO have been

</doc>
<doc id="21526215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526215" title="Rock N Resort Music Festival">
Rock N Resort Music Festival

The Rock N Resort Music Festival is an annual, three-day music festival in mid-July hosted and produced by Clay's Park Resort in North Lawrence, Ohio, south of Cleveland. The festival showcases national recording artists, tribute bands, indie artists and solo performers on multiple stages, covering a variety of musical styles, though primarily reflecting a classic rock theme. Other events held during the festival include drum circles, campsite contests, new musical product demonstrations, educational seminars for young musicians, and charity events. Attendees say that aside from the music, the main draws of the festival are the party atmosphere and the friendships made by festival goers that meet every year.
History.
The Rock N Resort Music Festival launched in 2004 and is one of many special events hosted at Clay's Park Resort. The first annual festival was held in 2004 with headliners Grand Funk Railroad, Edgar Winter, Mickey Thomas' Starship, Bachman–Turner Overdrive and Brian Howe, former vocalist for Bad Company.
Headliners in the following years included Cheap Trick, George Thorogood & The Destroyers, REO Speedwagon, Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes, The New Rascals, Kansas, War, Outlaws, Foghat, Joan Jett, John Kay & Steppenwolf, Eddie Money, Little River Band, The Guess Who, Commander Cody, Gin Blossoms, Molly Hatchet, Nazareth with Manny Charlton, Gregg Rolie, Sweet, Blue Öyster Cult and Creedence Clearwater Revisited.
Venue.
Clay's Park Resort is a RV resort, water park and entertainment facility that hosts various festival and events. Clay's Park was developed by Otis D. Clay and opened in 1948. The main highlight of the park is a man-made sand bottom swimming and boating lake. Other annual festivals the park hosts include The ALIVE Christian Music Festival, Yankee Peddler Festival and Fox Creek Outdoor Experience.

</doc>
<doc id="21526236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526236" title="A Matter of Dignity">
A Matter of Dignity

A Matter of Dignity (, translit. To teleftaio psema) is a 1957 Greek drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
The Pellas are magnates who face financial ruin. Desperate to conceal the dire straits they are in and maintain their social status, they plan to marry their beautiful daughter Chloe off to a wealthy, dull middle-aged man. Caught between caring for her family and her doomed love for her young but poor boyfriend, Chloe flees to her retired nanny.

</doc>
<doc id="21526241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526241" title="The Fit of Passion">
The Fit of Passion

The Fit Of Passion () is a short fiction film created in 2007 by Maria Betkina and Arthur Tsymbalyuk. Arthur Tsymbalyuk and Maria Betkina starred in the film playing Mark and Keira respectively. There is a story line during the film showing the incapability of nowadays young people to hold the conversation.
World Premiere.
The premiere was in May 2007 in France, Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21526243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526243" title="Andrejs Koroļevs">
Andrejs Koroļevs

Andrejs Koroļevs (born July 30, 1969) is a Latvian motorcycle speedway rider. Since 1996, he has a Polish citizenship and he is known as Andrzej Korolew.

</doc>
<doc id="21526253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526253" title="Eddie Pearce">
Eddie Pearce

Eddie Pearce (born March 16, 1952) is an American professional golfer.
Pearce was born in Fort Myers, Florida and grew up in Temple Terrace, Florida, where, as an infant, his first golf club was placed in his hands by the legendary Babe Didrikson Zaharias. By the time he was 12, he was shooting in the 60s and was featured as a child prodigy in Professional Golfer Magazine. He attended C. Leon King High School in nearby Tampa, Florida and was on the same high school golf team as PGA Tour veteran Gary Koch.
As an amateur, Pearce won the Florida Boys Junior Championship for his age division in three straight years (1964–1966). He also won his age division at the "Future Masters" Tournament in seven straight years (1963–1969). 
Pearce then went on to win the 1968 U.S. Junior Amateur, the Florida Open in 1970 and was awarded a golf scholarship to Wake Forest University. In 1971, Pearce was one hole away from winning the U.S. Amateur when Gary Cowan holed a long iron shot from the rough for an eagle and the win. Pearce won the 1971 North and South Amateur. He was a two-time All-American at Wake Forest (third team in 1971 and second team in 1972). He left after his sophomore year and turned pro, with many experts calling him the "next Jack Nicklaus."
Pearce played on the PGA Tour from 1974 to 1981 and again in 1993. He also played on the Ben Hogan Tour (now Nationwide Tour) in 1992. 
In 1974, the inaugural year of The Players Championship, Pearce finished in 9th place. In the 1976 Masters Tournament, Pearce was two-under par after the first two rounds before ending up the tournament tied for 28th.
Although he never won on the PGA Tour, Pearce had four runner-up finishes. In 1974, he finished second at the Hawaiian Open (behind Jack Nicklaus) and second at the Tallahassee Open (behind Allen Miller). The following year, he finished second at the Jackie Gleason-Inverrary Classic (behind Bob Murphy). Then in 1979, he finished second at the San Antonio Texas Open (behind Lou Graham).
In 2002, Pearce tried to qualify for the U.S. Senior Open but missed by one stroke and was named an alternate.

</doc>
<doc id="21526288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526288" title="Paul Iacono">
Paul Iacono

Paul Stanley Iacono (born September 7, 1988) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying RJ Berger in the MTV scripted series "The Hard Times of RJ Berger".
Early years.
Iacono was born in Secaucus, New Jersey to Italian American parents Michele and Anthony Iacono, a Town administrator. Iacono went to Professional Performing Arts School in New York with friend and "Fame" co-star Paul McGill.
At eight years old, Iacono was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia. He soon began receiving chemotherapy treatments and has been in remission since he was eleven years old.
Career.
A graduate of NYC's Professional Performing Arts School, Iacono is best known for his portrayal of the title character on MTV's, "The Hard Times of RJ Berger."
Paul first gained wide notice for his numerous appearances on TV's "The Rosie O'Donnell Show" after Rosie O'Donnell discovered his unique talents for impersonating Frank Sinatra and Ethel Merman, at age 8.
Starting out as child actor in the NYC theater scene, Paul has appeared in over 100 theatrical productions. He has shared the stage with such greats as Mickey Rooney in "The Wizard of Oz" and Stephanie Mills in the original "Paper Mill Playhouse" production of Stephen Schwartz's "Children of Eden". Iacono can be heard on the original cast recording. Other theatrical credits include "Mame" with Christine Ebersole, Noël Coward's "Sail Away" with Elaine Stritch and Marian Seldes, and John Guare's "Landscape of the Body", with Lili Taylor and Sherie Rene Scott.
Paul's film career includes the MGM's remake of "Fame", "No God, No Master" with David Strathairn, and Darren Stein's teen comedy, "G.B.F." Upcoming films include Drew Barrymore's, "Animal", "Rhymes with Banana" with Zosia Mamet and Judith Light, and "Unreachable By Conventional Means," with Alexandra Daddario and Tovah Feldshuh. According to Entertainment Weekly, co-star Megan Mullally gave Iacono high praise for his improvisational acting and singing skills. 
Iacono appears in an Adidas commercial featuring rapper Bobby Ray "B.o.B" Simmons, Jr.
And also appears in Bobby Ray's Music Video "Magic", featuring Rivers Cuomo.
As a creator, Paul wrote and produced the NY play, "Prince/Elizabeth," and is in development on his second pilot, "GIF'ted."
Iacono is openly gay and a major LGBTQ activist, having publicly come out in Michael Musto's Village Voice Column in April 2012. He was named one of OUT Magazine's 100 most influential gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender people for 2013.
Personal life.
In April 2012, Iacono revealed that he is gay during an interview with Michael Musto from "The Village Voice".

</doc>
<doc id="21526316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526316" title="ClaytonArts Academy">
ClaytonArts Academy

The ClaytonArts Academy is an integrated core, project-based curriculum designed to challenge students academically and artistically. It is a smaller learning community housed at Clayton Valley High School in Concord, California. The program focuses on English and social studies through the mediums of the arts and technology to develop team building and communication skills. 
The coordinator of academy is Jeff Hagerstrand.

</doc>
<doc id="21526320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526320" title="Forensic Mental Health Association of California">
Forensic Mental Health Association of California

The Forensic Mental Health Association of California (FMHAC) is a member based non-profit providing resources and education to professionals working in the forensic mental health field. The FMHAC also sponsors an annual conference in the Monterrey Bay area. The conference aims to provide a forum for discussion between professionals from the varied disciplines involved in providing mental healthcare to incarcerated patients, educate professionals in forensic mental health on the most current best practices, share innovations and successful program models such as behavioral health Courts and CIT, and improve the mental healthcare provided to incarcerated patients.

</doc>
<doc id="21526340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526340" title="Grand Slam Tennis">
Grand Slam Tennis

Grand Slam Tennis (EA SPORTS グランドスラム テニス) is a tennis video game, developed by EA Canada, and was initially released for the Wii on June 8, 2009. Versions for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 were planned to be released Autumn 2009, but they have been "delayed indefinitely". Instead, a sequel, "Grand Slam Tennis 2", was released exclusively for those consoles on February 2012.
Some features for the Wii version include online play, Wii MotionPlus functionality, pick up and play, a Grand Slam career mode, and all four Grand Slam locations, including Wimbledon. The Wii version was also the first title in Europe to be bundled with the Wii MotionPlus.
The in-game music was created by Paul van Dyk, who wrote and produced all the tracks in the game.
Players.
Grand Slam Tennis features 23 total players, including 11 retired legends and 12 of today's top players at the time of the game's release.
Grand Slam Tennis also includes a "Create-A-Player" mode. In the "Create-A-Player" mode, players can create their own unique player for use in all modes of the game. The player can customize their created player with branded clothing, racquet styles, accessories and physical appearance.
Up to nine players can be created at any one time. Pat Cash serves as the commentator even when he is playing in a match.
Venues.
Grand Slam Tennis offers 12 different authentic stadiums from all four Grand Slam venues to play in, and is the first video game since Top Spin 2 to feature a licensed Wimbledon.
Modes.
The game has numerous modes of play:
Play Now: This mode allows players to enter either a singles or doubles match. This mode is available for both single and multiplayer forms of play.The player is able to select their venue, and to choose settings such as set length, amount of sets, difficulty and the option of a tie-break.
Grand Slam: This mode allows players to embark on a career with their created player.The career involves travelling to each of the four Grand Slam tournaments and attempt to achieve the Grand Slam by winning every tournament. Each tournament begins with a warm-up match against a fellow fictional rookie of average ability. The player can then challenge a legend or current player to a match in an attempt to learn the players special ability, e.g. Rafael Nadal's forehand topspin, or Björn Borg's fitness. If the player is successful with their challenge, they may equip that special ability for use in future matches. The player can equip only one ability to start with, however as the player increases in skill, they will be able to equip multiple abilities at one time. Then the player will take part in a party style mini-game form of tennis along with fictional players, before starting the tournament. Every tournament starts at the round of 32 stage (round 3).
Party Mode: This is a collection of mini-games that are each a slightly altered form of tennis, with slight rule changes:
Online:
Multiplayer.
The game has been praised by critics for its addictive online gameplay. No friend codes are needed to play online, however an EA account is required if you want to play the full online experience. Online consists of ranked or unranked matches where you can play anyone around the world. Ranked earns the player points when they beat someone and these points decide what overall ranking you are in the world. Unranked matches are friendly and don't earn any points for the player's online profile. It is good for people who are preparing to hit the leaderboards. When players win ranked matches they do not only win points for themselves but also for their country. There is a national leaderboard which shows which country has the best players.
Reception.
Grand Slam Tennis has generally received average to positive reviews, with a Metacritic average of 78%. Official Nintendo Magazine UK gave it 90%, IGN and GameTrailers both listed an 8.5/10, while GameSpot was lower with a 6/10. Eurogamer dubbed it "beautifully intuitive", and IT Reviews called it a "surprisingly strong tennis game and an interesting evolution of the Wii controller too".

</doc>
<doc id="21526343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526343" title="A Man of Straw">
A Man of Straw

A Man of Straw () is a 1958 Italian drama film directed by Pietro Germi. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21526379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526379" title="1984 Balkan Bulgarian Tupolev Tu-134 crash">
1984 Balkan Bulgarian Tupolev Tu-134 crash

The 1984 Balkan Bulgarian Tupolev Tu-134 crash occurred on 10 January 1984 when a Balkan Bulgarian Airlines Tupolev Tu-134 airliner crashed on an international flight from Berlin Schönefeld Airport in Schönefeld, East Germany, to Sofia Airport in Sofia, Bulgaria.
While on approach to Sofia Airport in heavy snow, the crew failed to make visual contact with the ground as they descended below decision altitude. The crew attempted to overshoot for an altitude of , but the aircraft hit a power line and crashed from the runway into a forest. The aircraft was destroyed with no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="21526380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526380" title="Akamatsu Norimura">
Akamatsu Norimura

Warrior.
Norimura supported Emperor Go-Daigo and Ashikaga Takauji in the struggle to overcome the Kamakura shogunate.
He became a part of the Ashikaga shogunate.
Norimura constructed a fort on a hill which later became the site for Himeji Castle.
Patron.
Norimura was a patron of Sesson Yūbai who established Hōun-ji and Hōrin-ji in Harima.
In records about the establishment of land rights for Daitoku-ji in Kyoto, Norimura's help is recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="21526392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526392" title="International Crop Information System">
International Crop Information System

The International Crop Information System (ICIS) is a database system that provides integrated management of global information on crop improvement and management both for individual crops and for farming systems. Ambiguous germplasm identification, difficulty in tracing pedigree information and lack of integration between genetic resources, breeding, evaluation, utilization and management data have constrained development of more knowledge-intensive crop research efforts. ICIS is being developed by agricultural scientists and information technicians in several centres of the Consultative Group for International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), in Advanced Research Institutions (ARIs), and in National Agricultural Research Systems (NARSs) to address these constraints.

</doc>
<doc id="21526406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526406" title="Guillem Agel i Barrière">
Guillem Agel i Barrière

Guillem Agel i Barrière was a leading Catalan printer and publisher born in Thuir, Roussillon, France (formerly North Catalonia) in 1753. He died in 1832.
During the years prior to the French Revolution, Agel i Barrière promoted the development of theater for the benefit of the Church of Thuir.
The continuity of these productions attracted the most important playwrights of Roussillon to the city (the so-called[Group of Thuir). In addition, the interest of Agel i Barrière for theater led him to collect scripts that were circulating, some of which he printed, for example in the case of the Catalan translation of Racine's tragedy Esther (1792).
He also collected Catalan translations of French plays that had been translated by the members of the Group: Zaira by Voltaire, Atalia by Racine and Corneille’s Polyeucte, as well as original plays from these same authors.
Additionally, Agel i Barrière was the author of a rhetorical treatise entitled Poésies ad usum Guillelmi Barrière, which is now kept at the manuscript archives of the Department of Pyrenees-Orientales in Perpignan, France. <Diccionari de la Literatura Catalana, 2008>

</doc>
<doc id="21526430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526430" title="Joseph A. Amato">
Joseph A. Amato

Joseph A. Amato (August 31, 1938, Detroit, Michigan) is a noted teacher, thinker, and author.
Background and Education.
Amato was born to Joseph and Ethel (Linsdau). Amato comes from a working class background of Sicilian and mixed ethnic inheritance. He went to the university with a four-year Standish Evans Caddy Scholarship. He received his B.A. in history from the University of Michigan in 1960; his M.A. in history from the Université Laval, Québec, in 1963; and a Ph.D. in history from the University of Rochester in 1970. His undergraduate education was shaped, as we read in his memoir "Bypass"(2000) and an article on Stephen Tonsor, by historicism, while his graduate study was inspired by 19th-century European and Italian historian, A. W. Salomone (1916-1989). His dissertation, published as "Mounier and Maritain: A French Catholic Understanding of the Modern World" (1975), was on the sources and plight of contemporary French Catholic thought in the first half of the 20th century. He also did post-doctoral study in the history of European cultures with Professor Eugen Weber at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1975-1976.
Teaching career.
After teaching high school at Royal Oak, Michigan, Amato taught as instructor at the State University of New York at Binghamton and the University of California, Riverside. In 1969 Amato began teaching at Southwest Minnesota State University (SMSU) in Marshall, Minnesota. At this new and small college, characterized by every sort of cultural and institutional turbulence associated with the late sixties and even seventies—as described by "A New College on the Prairie"(1992)—he was a founder and chair of the History Department. He taught a range of courses in European intellectual and cultural history, in addition to social science and ethics. Amato was one of the architects of the university’s Rural Studies curriculum in the 1970s, a principal founder of the Society for Local and Regional History, and he eventually became the founder the Rural and Regional Studies and the Dean of Rural and Regional Studies. In his first decades at SMSU, Amato founded the local Minnesota Federation of Teachers union, supported and wrote on the Catholic Worker, non-violent Sicilian Social Reformer Danilo Dolci, and the Striking Bank Women of Willmar, Minnestoa. He also established Crossings Press and, working in conjunction with the Southwest Minnesota Regional Research Center, supported over seventy publications on diverse places, farms, towns, and peoples, and ethnic, demographic,and geographic facets of life in Southwest Minnesota, including environmental history, rivers, floods, clandestine lives, murders,and crop scams. Amato retired from SMSU in 2003 as Professor emeritus of Rural and Regional Studies and of History.
Writing career.
Amato's writing are divided into three fields as shown by collections of his writings, notebooks, interviews, and reviews of his writing held the college's regional research and history center and the Literary Manuscript Collections of the Elmer Anderson Library, at the University of Minnesota.
First, Amato made local, regional, and rural history an integral part of his ongoing inquiry into human experience and meaning. "Rethinking Home: The Case for Local History" (2003) was widely reviewed and featured at several national conferences. On multiple fronts he has continued to study and represent local and regional history and the power of place in determining experience and identity. Most recently in 2013 he wrote three lead articles for the journal of "Historically Speaking"(January, April, & June issues) and an essay "Local History: A Way to Place and Home," for "Why Place Matters" (2014).
The second and formative focus of Amato’s writing continues to be European cultural and intellectual history. Starting with early books "Mounier and Maritain"and "Ethics, Living or Dead?" Amato further entered into the history of ideas with "Guilt and Gratitude" and "Victims and Values," and "Dust: A History of the Small and Invisible," which won the Los Angeles Times Best Nonfiction of 2000 and "On Foot: A Cultural History of Walking" (New York University Press, 2004). Most recently, he has published "Surfaces, A History" (University of California Press, 2013 and "The Book of Twos: Finding and Making Meanings" (forthcoming, Crossings Press, Fall, 2014). His books have been translated into Italian, German, Korean, and other languages.
Third, Amato’s writing focus on family, self, and community. His 2008 '"Jacob’s Well: A Case for Rethinking Family History" traces seven generations of his family migrations from Europe, in Acadia, pre-revolutionary Massachusetts and the West. They are joined to the settlement of the United States and the rural and industrial Midwest. Amato also describes his youth two memoirs, "Bypass: A Memoir" and "Golf Beats Us All (And So We Love It)." He offers a short history of his wife’s families, ethnicity, and region in his "Coal Cousins: Rusyn and Sicilian Stories & Pennsylvania Anthracite Histories"(Crossings Press, 2008).
Amato's first and very recent volume of poetry, "Buoyancies, A Ballast Master's Log" (Spoon River Poetry Press and Crossings Press, March, 2013) joins the local, the familial, and the intellectual and religious.
His books won have won him nominations, selections, and honors, of particular note the Minnesota Humanities Prize for Literature and Prairie Star Award for Southwest Minnesota Arts Council.

</doc>
<doc id="21526432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526432" title="Mark Deutch">
Mark Deutch

Mark Deutch (, also transliterated as Mark Deutsch, Mark Deich and Mark Deitch; 26 January 1945 – 2 May 2012) was a Russian journalist and columnist for "Moskovskij Komsomolets". He became widely known while working with Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. He authored several books on politics.

</doc>
<doc id="21526443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526443" title="Lightspeed Financial">
Lightspeed Financial

Lightspeed Financial is a New York City stock and options brokerage and day trading services company.
Regulation.
Lightspeed Trading LLC is a registered broker-dealer, member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
Current officers.
Lightspeed Financial's current officers are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21526449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526449" title="Margaret Bell">
Margaret Bell

Margaret Mary Bell (later "Ryan-Gibson", born January 26, 1917) is a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Vancouver.
In 1936 she finished ninth in the Olympic high jump event.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the bronze medal in the high jump competition and later that year the silver medal at the 1934 Women's World Games. Four years later she finished fourth in the high jump contest at the 1938 Empire Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21526495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526495" title="Monnot">
Monnot

Monnot can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21526505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526505" title="Rancho Lomas de Santiago">
Rancho Lomas de Santiago

Rancho Lomas de Santiago was a Mexican land grant given by Mexican Governor Pío Pico to Teodosio Yorba in 1846. The name means "Hills of St. James". The rancho included parts of present day Irvine and Tustin in what is now eastern Orange County, California.
History.
Teodosio Juan Yorba (1805–1863),the son of Jose Antonio Yorba grantee of Rancho Santiago de Santa Ana, was granted the eleven square league Rancho Arroyo Seco in 1840, and the four square league Rancho Lomas de Santiago in 1846.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho Lomas de Santiago was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented to Teodosio Yorba in 1868. 
Teodosio sold the rancho to William Wolfskill in 1860. Joseph E. Pleasants took charge of Wolfskill's new cattle operations. Already overgrazed, and largely unfarmable due to its steep, hilly terrain, the Santa Ana range could not sustain the large cattle herds. In 1866, Benjamin and Thomas Flint, Llewellyn Bixby and James Irvine acquired the rancho, and it eventually became part of the Irvine Ranch.

</doc>
<doc id="21526515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526515" title="Iron Flower">
Iron Flower

Iron Flower () is a 1958 Hungarian drama film directed by János Herskó. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21526534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526534" title="Lake Stamford">
Lake Stamford

Lake Stamford, a reservoir formed by Stamford Dam, is located northeast of Stamford, Texas in southeastern Haskell County. The lake had a storage capacity in 1999 of and drains an area of . Due to sedimentation, the estimated capacity as of 2013 is . The City of Stamford owns the lake and half the water rights to Lake Stamford, while AEP owns the other half. The city also owns, operates and maintains associated Stamford Dam.
Lake Stamford serves as the municipal water source for Stamford, Texas and the small neighboring communities of Leuders, Ericksdahl, Paint Creek, Sagerton, Avoca, and Corinth. For the lake's 60 year history, water levels have retained significant importance to these communities, providing them their sole source of water. Several notable rain events occurred in 1978 and 2005, resulting in record water levels. The lake is currently experiencing similar drought conditions to 2000, when it was at record lows. Recreational activities include boating, fishing, waterskiing, jet-skiing, and camping. There are two marinas on the lake: Stamford Marina on the south shore, and Anchor Marina on the north.
History.
Except for a period from 1919 to 1941, droughts were fairly common in the area and occurred in 1885-87, 1896, 1910, 1918, 1943, and in 1952-56. People and animals relied primarily on natural springs. These springs and spring-fed lakes supported a wide variety of animals. Buffalo, turkey, and ducks were abundant, particularly before 1875 when the buffalo slaughter began in Haskell County. The mouth of Mule Creek is located about west of the FM 600 bridge as it crosses the lake on the north side. At the mouth of Mule Creek was located the Blue Hole Springs. Area residents would obtain water from these springs, and in the 1880s M O Ranch had cattle pens there. As the water table fell due to irrigation pumping, an alternative was necessary. When the lake is nearing capacity, this area of former springs is under Lake Stamford.
When the City of Stamford was formed in 1900, two small reservoirs were built close to the city. Another was built in 1905, and a fourth was built in 1910 five miles west of the city. These small reservoirs grew insufficient for the growing town, and in 1919 the Clear Fork Brazos River was dammed just southeast of Lueders to form Lake Penick. This lake was originally long and held , and initially proved an adequate supply for the city. But by 1927, the capacity of Lake Penick had dropped by a third to caused by sedimentaion from severe erosion upstream. By 1949, the city's water supply had become a significant concern for mayor A.C. Humphrey. Prospective area locations were surveyed, and all were rejected except for a site on Paint Creek.
Construction.
Construction for Lake Stamford and Stamford Dam started July 14, 1951, and was completed in March 1953. Deliberate impoundment began in June 1953. Stamford Dam impounds Paint Creek, but numerous other creeks flow into the lake. Horse, Buffalo, and Mule Creeks all flow directly into the lake and are part of the watershed. The design engineer for the project was Freese and Nichols and the general contractor was L. & S. Contractor. The dam is an earthfill embankment long with a maximum height of . The estimated cost of the dam was $289,365.00. The top of Stamford Dam is at an elevation of and is above the spillway. The service spillway is north of the dam, where the uncontrolled spillway crest is in length at an elevation of . Lake Stamford is considered "full" (maximum desired capacity) when the lake's water level is above mean sea level.
California Creek diversion project.
At the height of the drought in 2000, a water diversion project on California Creek was built to divert future rainfall from the creek to Lake Stamford, in an effort to supplement the lake's primary inflow of Paint Creek. The project consisted of a channel dam, pump station and pipeline, and cost an estimated $6.3 million. California Creek runs from west of Hamlin to north of Corinth and Avoca, and then turns northeast and runs parallel to Lake Stamford at a distance of approximately . California Creek does not flow directly into Lake Stamford, but meets with Paint Creek one mile downstream (east) of Stamford Dam. The drainage area for California Creek is , which supplements Lake Stamford's watershed of . Water is only diverted at sporadic intervals when there is sufficient flow in California Creek.
Water levels.
Water levels in Lake Stamford fluctuate significantly, primarily due to extended periods of drought. These droughts steadily reduce the lake level throughout the year, and have ultimately resulted in two occasions when the lake was less than 20% full. The first drought event occurred in the late 1990s up until November 2000. The second prolonged drought is currently ongoing. These droughts are usually only resolved after a substantially prolonged period of heavy rains. It is also common that the lake reaches full capacity with the help of a tropical system moving up from the gulf, as occurred in August 1978 with Tropical Storm Amelia and in August 2007 with Tropical Storm Erin. The amount of water is a key concern for area residents, for whom the lake is their sole source of water.
Record low levels.
Since impoundment in June 1953 and initial filling, the lowest water level ever in Lake Stamford occurred on four days in October 2000. On October 20, 2000, the lake was below conservation pool elevation, held of water, and was 13.1% full. The lake is currently in a period of drought and is experiencing the second lowest water levels on record. As of January 2014 it is less than 16% full. The third lowest lake level occurred on August 3, 1978, when the lake was 27.7% full.
Record high levels and cresting events.
August 1978.
Two days after recording its third lowest level, the lake surged to its second highest level ever. On August 5, 1978, the water in Lake Stamford was above the spillway. This represents an increase of over in less than 48 hours, the lake's fastest ever change in elevation. In fact, the rise was so fast it took some three hours for the lake to simply fill to capacity by increasing almost . This was due to remnants of Tropical Storm Amelia. Though Amelia was weak and poorly organized, as it dissipated over Texas it cause severe flooding.
On August 4, 1978, Stamford received its daily all time record rainfall of . That same day, fell on nearby Albany, the record daily rainfall for the entire State of Texas. Also, the nearby California Creek had a peak discharge of per second and a flood stage height of , the highest since at least 1897. President Carter declared Haskell county, among counties in Texas, a disaster area. The lake receded down to the spillway by August 19, 1978.
August 2005.
Since the drought in 2000, the lake has reached (and exceeded) capacity on three occasions. The first event happened very rapidly when, between August 13 and 16, 2005, the lake rose . During the month of August 2005, the City of Stamford received of rain. Most of the rain was concentrated during the aforementioned four days, with the city receiving on August 14, 2005, alone. On August 17, 2005, these rains put the lake overcapacity by with the surface elevation of and resulted in the record high water level for Lake Stamford. This caused extensive flooding to more than 340 homes, resulting in a disaster area declaration by Governor Perry. Water levels dropped back below the spillway on November 28, 2005.
June and August 2007.
The second event was not so much an event as a period. The preponderance of this period's rains were north and west of Stamford, near Haskell and Hamlin. Starting in late April 2007 the area received enough rain to raise the lake by about by the first week of June, filling the lake just shy of capacity. Then in June 2007, Stamford received of rain and by July 3 the lake was overcapacity by about . As the lake was dropping back down to capacity (less than above the spillway), Stamford received an additional of rain on August 18, 2007, from Tropical Storm Erin. The lake crested on August 21 to above capacity, and then dropped back below the spillway on November 14, 2007.
April 2010.
Beginning the last week of January 2010, the area received two to three times its average monthly precipitation, and February saw notable snowfall. This increased the lake by just under by mid-March.
Then on April 17, 2010, Stamford received of rain and a total of for the month. By April 21, lake levels crested at above capacity, having increased by . Additional rain events in June and September each moved the lake overcapacity again by less than . Water levels eventually dropped below the spillway on December 5, 2010, the last time Lake Stamford was full.
Sale of water to Tenaska.
On July 12, 2011, the Stamford city council approved the sale of all "excess water" from Lake Stamford for use in Tenaska Energy's Trailblazer Energy Center in Nolan County, Texas. There was no public debate before the decision was made. This sale of water was fairly contentious among many area residents, who were not as confident as the city council that the lake could support such a significant new drain like a large power plant. According to the contract, the exact amount of water to be taken can be adjusted according to a redefinition of the "safe yield", but is currently estimated to be per year. The length of the contract (effective July 18, 2011) is either 30 years (starting when the plant begins operation) or 45 years from the date of the contract, whichever is earliest. Tenaska also has at its option two 10 year contract extensions, plus three additional 10 year extensions subject to approval of Stamford (which "shall not be unreasonably withheld").
Tenaska and its use of water is not subject to any water conservation or drought contingency plans enacted by Stamford. In addition to the , Stamford will sell Tenaska all of its effluent water of approximately 250,000 gallons/day (280 acre•ft/year). The proposed coal-fired power plant would be located 37 miles southwest of Stamford and 47 miles southwest of Lake Stamford.
On June 21, 2013, Tenaska cancelled their proposed Trailblazer coal-fired power plant. While Stamford would have provided the majority of the project's water, Tenaska was unable to find a secondary source of water.
Power plant.
American Electric Power (formerly West Texas Utilities) owns a gas-fired electric generating power plant located at Lake Stamford. The plant has a generating capacity of 218 MW. When operating, water is pumped directly from the lake for industrial (cooling) purposes. The plant was put into inactive status and mothballed in September 2002.
AEP holds half the water rights in Lake Stamford. AEP's water supply contract with Stamford expires September 16, 2041, but can be extended by AEP for one additional 10 year term.
Fish species.
Lake Stamford provides angling opportunities with these species:
Bass
Catfish
Crappie and others

</doc>
<doc id="21526546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526546" title="Faustin Betbeder">
Faustin Betbeder

Faustin Betbeder was born in Soissons, France in 1847 and lived until sometime around 1914. He became an artist, noted for his unflattering caricatures of personalities from both sides of the Franco-Prussian war and its aftermath. He had difficulty in finding a publisher for the first set of these in 1870 and finally published them himself, selling over 50,000 copies. After the war he moved to Britain where he produced a less political series of caricatures of well-known British personalities to be published in "The London Sketch-book", "An illustrated newspaper and magazine" published from 1873 until 1874 by James Mortimer, editor of "The London Figaro". The most famous of these is that of Charles Darwin as an ape holding up a hand mirror for another ape.

</doc>
<doc id="21526556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526556" title="Network Control Center Data System">
Network Control Center Data System

The Network Control Center Data System (NCCDS) is an element of NASA's Space Network (SN) ground segment. Collocated with the White Sands Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System, the NCCDS is the operations control facility for the network. It schedules most Space Network elements and supporting elements and provides interfaces for planning, acquisition, control, and status of the Space Network. The NCCDS is the point-of-contact between customers (who have satellites in orbit) and the Space Network for most scheduling and real-time performance. A customer may obtain Space Network support by submitting specific schedule requests to or establishing generic requirements with the NCCDS. The NCCDS translates customers’ requirements into specific TDRS communications and tracking events. Additionally, the NCCDS notifies affected customers of scheduled system outages so that Mission Operation Centers (MOCs) can properly plan mission activities. Upon MOC request, the NCCDS provides operational performance information (such as data presence monitoring indicators and data quality monitoring data) on scheduled services during actual support to determine if conditions exist that will affect data quality.
The NCCDS issues Network Advisory Messages (NAMs) to provide up-to-date information on network conditions and constraints. These messages are accessible via the NCCDS active NAM web site. The Goddard Space Flight Center uses the NAMs as a means of letting customers know of any performance constraints associated with the TDRS spacecraft.

</doc>
<doc id="21526557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526557" title="Valeri Syutkin">
Valeri Syutkin

Singing professionally since 1982, he gained popularity as a member of the rock band Bravo.
In 2008, he was awarded the honorary title "Merited Artist of the Russian Federation".
In 2012, he signed an open letter against a St. Petersburg bill banning "homosexual propaganda", along with pop stars like Philipp Kirkorov and Dima Bilan.

</doc>
<doc id="21526562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526562" title="Tam Sventon">
Tam Sventon

Tam Sventon (Swedish: "Ture Sventon") is a private detective and main character in nine Swedish children's books written by Åke Holmberg 1948–1973. He is characterized by eating semlas, not being able to pronounce "s" in many situations (for instance, he says temla instead of semla), and riding on a flying carpet. The books are well known in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="21526576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526576" title="Science Gallery">
Science Gallery

The Science Gallery is a public science centre at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland. Opened in 2008 and housed in Trinity's Naughton Institute, it holds various exhibitions and lectures with a view to science outreach and art-science collaborations. Unlike most science centres, it has no permanent collection, but rather a series of 4-6 temporary exhibitions each year.

</doc>
<doc id="21526588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526588" title="János Herskó">
János Herskó

János Herskó (9 April 1926 – 12 October 2011) was a Hungarian film director and actor. He appeared in 15 films between 1963 and 2006. He also directed nine films between 1948 and 1990. In 1963, he was a member of the jury at the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21526605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526605" title="Eyo festival">
Eyo festival

The Eyo Festival, otherwise known as the Adamu Orisha Play, is a Yoruba festival unique to Lagos, Nigeria. In modern times, it is presented by the people of Lagos as a tourist event and, due to its history, is traditionally performed on Lagos Island.
The Eyo.
The word "Eyo" also refers to the costumed dancers, known as the "masquerades "that come out during the festival. The origins of this observance are found in the inner workings of the secret societies of Lagos. Back in the days, The Eyo festival is held to escort the soul of a departed Lagos King or Chief and to usher in a new king. It is widely believed that the play is one of the manifestations of the customary African revelry that serves as the forerunner of the modern carnival in Brazil. On Eyo Day, the main highway in the heart of the city (from the end of Carter Bridge to Tinubu Square) is closed to traffic, allowing for procession from Idumota to the Iga Idunganran palace. The white-clad Eyo masquerades represent the spirits of the dead, and are referred to in Yoruba as "agogoro Eyo" (literally: "tall Eyo").
The first procession in Lagos was on the 20th of February, 1854, to commemorate the life of the Oba Akintoye.
Here, the participants all pay homage to the reigning Oba of Lagos. The festival takes place whenever occasion and tradition demand, though it is usually held as part of the final burial rites of a highly regarded chief in the king's court.
Among the Yorubas, the indigenous religions have largely lost the greater majority of their traditional followers to Christianity and Islam. Be that as it may, the old festivals are still almost universally observed as tourist attractions which generate a lot of revenue for government and small businesses around the Lagos Island venue of the Eyo festival. It is during these occasions that their traditional monarchs and nobles exercise the most of their residual power.
Order of events.
A full week before the festival (always a Sunday), the ‘senior’ eyo group, the Adimu (identified by a black, broad-rimmed hat), goes public with a staff. When this happens, it means the event will take place on the following Saturday. Each of the four other ‘important’ groups — Laba (Red), Oniko (yellow), Ologede (Green) and Agere (Purple) — take their turns in that order from Monday to Thursday.
Prohibited Item List.
Here is a list of Prohibited Items at the festival:
The masquerades are known to beat people who use any of the prohibited items at sight with their staffs.
See also.
Festivals in Nigeria

</doc>
<doc id="21526614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526614" title="Diego Ferraresso">
Diego Ferraresso

Diego Gustavo Ferraresso (born May 21, 1992 in Arujá, São Paulo), or simply Diego, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a left-back. He also plays into several midfield positions, particularly as a winger or attacking midfielder.
Career.
Diego start to play football in private junior school of São Paulo.
Litex Lovech.
Ferares made his team debut for Litex in a friendly match against Macedonian FK Pelister on July 1, 2008. The result of the match was a 5–1 win for the Bulgarian team. In his first months in Litex, Diego played for reserve squad of the team of Lovech. Diego's first official match was against PFC Belasitsa Petrich on May 15, 2009. He entered as a substitution in the 78 minute and scored his first goal for Litex. On June 14, 2009, Diego scored a hat-trick against Spartak Varna. He ended the 2008–09 season with 5 goals in 4 league matches.
Chavdar Etropole.
After two seasons in Litex Lovech in 2011 he join to "B" group team Chavdar Etropole. He played two seasons, made 36 caps and scored six goals.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
For 2012–13 season, he signed with Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
Personal life.
In June 2012, Diego received Bulgarian citizenship after he lived in country for five years and become Bulgarian national player.

</doc>
<doc id="21526638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526638" title="Arnt Førland">
Arnt Førland

Arnt Førland (born 1964) is a Norwegian motorcycle speedway rider who rode in 2004 Speedway Grand Prix of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="21526644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526644" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1864">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1864

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1864, adopted unanimously January 23, 2009, after recalling resolution 1740 (2007), 1796 (2008) and 1825 (2008) on the situation in Nepal, the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Mission in Nepal (UNMIN), whose mandate expired that day, by another six months until July 23, 2009. 
Details.
While agreeing to extend the current UNMIN at the request of the Nepalese government, the Security Council also endorsed Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal of a phased, gradual draw-down and withdrawal of UNMIN staff, and agreed with the Secretary-General that the current monitoring arrangements in Nepal could not be maintained indefinitely. 
The Council called on the Nepalese Government to create the necessary conditions for UNMIN to complete their mission conditions at the end of their mandate in order for United Nations staff to begin withdrawal. The Council also requested that the Secretary-General submit a report no later than April 30, 2009, on the progress of implementation of the resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="21526661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526661" title="Test validity">
Test validity

Test validity is the extent to which a test (such as a chemical, physical, or scholastic test) accurately measures what it purports to measure. In the fields of psychological testing and educational testing, “Validity refers to the degree to which evidence and theory support the interpretations of test scores entailed by proposed uses of tests.” Although classical models divided the concept into various "validities" (such as content validity, criterion validity, and construct validity), the currently dominant view is that validity is a single unitary construct.
Validity is generally considered the most important issue in psychological and educational testing because it concerns the meaning placed on test results. Though many textbooks present validity as a static construct, various models of validity have evolved since the first published recommendations for constructing psychological and education tests. These models can be categorized into two primary groups: classical models, which include several types of validity, and modern models, which present validity as a single construct. The modern models reorganize classical "validities" into either "aspects" of validity or types of validity-supporting evidence
Historical background.
Although psychologists and educators were aware of several facets of validity before World War II, their methods for establishing validity were commonly restricted to correlations of test scores with some known criterion. Under the direction of Lee Cronbach, the 1954 "Technical Recommendations for Psychological Tests and Diagnostic Techniques" attempted to clarify and broaden the scope of validity by dividing it into four parts: (a) concurrent validity, (b) predictive validity, (c) content validity, and (d) construct validity. Cronbach and Meehl’s subsequent publication grouped predictive and concurrent validity into a "criterion-orientation", which eventually became criterion validity. 
Over the next four decades, many theorists, including Cronbach himself, voiced their dissatisfaction with this three-in-one model of validity. Their arguments culminated in Samuel Messick’s 1995 article that described validity as a single construct composed of six "aspects". In his view, various inferences made from test scores may require different types of evidence, but not different validities.
The 1999 "Standards for Educational and Psychological Testing" largely codified Messick’s model. They describe five types of validity-supporting evidence that incorporate each of Messick’s aspects, and make no mention of the classical models’ content, criterion, and construct validities.
Validation process.
According to the "1999 Standards", validation is the process of gathering evidence to provide “a sound scientific basis” for interpreting the scores as proposed by the test developer and/or the test user. Validation therefore begins with a framework that defines the scope and aspects (in the case of multi-dimensional scales) of the proposed interpretation. The framework also includes a rational justification linking the interpretation to the test in question. 
Validity researchers then list a series of propositions that must be met if the interpretation is to be valid. Or, conversely, they may compile a list of issues that may threaten the validity of the interpretations. In either case the researchers proceed by gathering evidence – be it original empirical research, meta-analysis or review of existing literature, or logical analysis of the issues – to support or to question the interpretation’s propositions (or the threats to the interpretation’s validity). Emphasis is placed on quality, rather than quantity, of the evidence.
A single interpretation of any test may require several propositions to be true (or may be questioned by any one of a set of threats to its validity). Strong evidence in support of a single proposition does not lessen the requirement to support the other propositions. 
Evidence to support (or question) the validity of an interpretation can be categorized into one of five categories:
Techniques to gather each type of evidence should only be employed when they yield information that would support or question the propositions required for the interpretation in question. 
Each piece of evidence is finally integrated into a validity argument. The argument may call for a revision to the test, its administration protocol, or the theoretical constructs underlying the interpretations. If the test and/or the interpretations meant to be made of the test’s results are revised in any way, a new validation process must gather evidence to support the new version.

</doc>
<doc id="21526662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526662" title="John Brown Junior">
John Brown Junior

John Brown Jr., the eldest son of the abolitionist John Brown, was born in Ohio in July 1821. Along with four brothers, John Jr. moved out west to Kansas in 1854. After his father’s actions in “Bloody Kansas”, John Jr. was arrested, mistreated while in prison, and later released. Shortly after this, John Jr. left Kansas with his father. John Jr. might have been aware of the plans for the raid at Harpers Ferry in Virginia. He was not a part of the raid itself, yet he knew all the details and even was part of the process.
Intelligence Agent and Liaison.
Because of tensions between John Brown and other members of the plans and cause, John Brown appointed John Jr. as the intelligence agent and liaison. This meant that John Jr. would be the go between for John Brown and other members. This provided safety for John Brown and secrecy.
Knowledge of the Virginia Raid.
It is possible that John Jr. was aware of his father’s plans to raid the arsenal in Virginia. This plan was addressed to several men, although the definite position and location of attack might not have been as widely known except to those closest to Brown. It is said that John Jr. was well aware of the plans for the Virginia arsenal 
John Jr. received word from his father to move the “tools” for the raid. The letter told John Jr. to do this “with perfect quiet” and to move only the tools, “not the other stuff” to a safe place where only Jr. and “the keeper” would know where they were. This cryptic message was received and Jr. travelled to Conneaut Ohio where the weapons had been secretly shipped, and moved then to Cherry Valle Village.
Scouting and Recruiting.
Recruiting John Brown sent John Jr. on a journey throughout the state of Pennsylvania, wanting him to acquaint himself with men “of the right stripe” 
John Jr. was to travel through the state of Pennsylvania and covertly find men willing to join John Brown’s cause. The areas that John Jr. was ordered to visit, specifically, were Gettysburg, Bedford, Chambersburg and Uniontown. John Jr. spent time visiting Massachusetts, New York and Canada to enlist black supporters. These missions did not produce the desired results, as the army attacking the arsenal was merely twenty-one men. 
Scouting around Harper’s Ferry
John Jr. acted as his father’s liaison for the raid in Virginia. In 1858, John Brown sent John Jr. to Virginia. This mission was to survey the area surrounding Harper’s Ferry
Civil War and Jennison’s Jayhawkers.
In July 1861, Brown decided to recruit a company of soldiers that would travel to Kansas and enlist with Kansas volunteer forces then operating in Missouri under the auspices of Kansas Senator James H. Lane. His intention was to enlist "abolitionists of the intense sort" and muster them under Colonel James Montgomery, one of Lane’s three Lieutenants. John Brown’s “Sharpshooters” garnered significant press attention as they traveled from Ohio to Kansas. However, on its arrival, the company had only signed 66 men. On November 9, 1861, while Brown was still recruiting in Michigan, the company elected to join Colonel Charles R. Jennison’s First Kansas Cavalry, later designated the Kansas Seventh Volunteer Cavalry, and known in Missouri as "Jennison’s Jayhawkers". Upon his own arrival in December, Brown was mustered in as the captain of Company K of the Kansas Seventh. Brown served as captain of the company until May 1862, when he resigned because of his rheumatoid arthritis. He was succeeded as captain of the company by his second lieutenant, George H. Hoyt, who had been one of his father’s lawyers following the Harpers Ferry attack.
Post War.
Following his resignation, Brown purchased 10 acres on the south shore of South Bass Island at Put-in-Bay, Ohio. He remained there until his death on May 3, 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="21526674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526674" title="Craig K. Manscill">
Craig K. Manscill

Craig K. Manscill is a religion professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and a historian who specializes in the history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), especially during the 1830s. Among other things he has edited the journal of the part of Zion's Camp that started in Pontiac, Michigan under the direction of Hyrum Smith. He is also a sociologist who has done studies on the family in Utah.
Manscill was raised in the town of Farr West, Utah.
Manscill served a mission for the LDS Church in the Ohio West Virginia Mission as a young man. He received his bachelors degree from Weber State University in 1978 and his masters and Ph.D. degrees from BYU, the latter in 1987. Between receiving his two degrees from BYU, Manscill was director of the English department in the LDS high school in Fiji. From 1987 to 1991 Manscill served in New York as the director of the Institutes of Religion adjacent to Columbia University and Westpoint. From 1991 to 1999 he was Manager of College Curriculum for the Church Educational System. He has been a member of the BYU faculty since 1999.
Manscill and his wife Jana are the parents of eight children and currently live in Lindon, Utah.
Manscill is a co-author of "Our Heritage" and was on the compiling committee for many of the books in the "Teachings of the Presidents of the Church" series. 
Manscill also served as a historical consultant to Lee Groberg and Heidi Swinton in producing such works as "Trail of Hope" and "American Prophet".
Manscill is a co-author of "Mormon Thoroughfare: a History of the Church in Illinois, 1830-1838", "Presidents of the Church: The Lives and Teachings of the Modern Prophets" (with Robert C. Freeman), "The A to Z of the Doctrine and Covenants and Church History" and "Regional Studies in Latter-day Saint History: Ohio and Upper Canada".

</doc>
<doc id="21526698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526698" title="1925 Akron Pros season">
1925 Akron Pros season

The 1925 Akron Pros season was their sixth in the league and last season before becoming the Indians. The team improved on their previous output of 2–6, winning four games. They finished sixth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21526701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526701" title="Marion O. McKinney, Jr.">
Marion O. McKinney, Jr.

Marion O'Dell McKinney, Jr. (July 24, 1921 - August 3, 1999) was a scientist at Langley Memorial Aeronautical Laboratory, who researched a wide variety of aerospace topics, including personal aircraft, dynamics, and aircraft configurations. Like many of his contemporaries, he conducted secret war-related research during World War II, the results of which were later declassified.
Biography.
He was born on July 24, 1921 in Chattanooga, Tennessee to Marion O'Dell McKinney, Sr. and Louise Blackwell. He graduated from Georgia Institute of Technology in 1942 with a degree in aeronautical engineering. In 1944 he married Betty Garner.
He was awarded the Wright Brothers Medal in 1964 for work on the aerodynamics of V/STOL aircraft.
He was the assistant chief of the Subsonic-Transonic Division of NASA. He retired from NASA in 1980.
He died on August 3, 1999 at Hampton General Hospital in Hampton Roads, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="21526708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526708" title="Adolph Ferdinand Gehlen">
Adolph Ferdinand Gehlen

Adolph Ferdinand Gehlen (1775–1815) was a German chemist.
Gehlen was born in Bütow, Farther Pomerania (modern Bytów, Poland), he is known as the publisher of "Neues allgemeines Journal der Chemie" (1803–06), "Journal für Chemie und Physik" (1806-10) and the "Repetitorium für die Pharmacie" (first series; later continued by Johann Andreas Buchner).

</doc>
<doc id="21526715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526715" title="Syntelic">
Syntelic

Syntelic attachment occurs when both sister chromosomes are attached to a single spindle pole.

</doc>
<doc id="21526738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526738" title="The Best American Essays">
The Best American Essays

The Best American Essays is a yearly anthology of magazine articles published in the United States. It was started in 1986 and is now part of The Best American Series published by Houghton Mifflin. Articles are chosen using the same procedure with other titles in the Best American series; the series editor chooses about 100 article candidates, from which the guest editor picks 25 or so for publication; the remaining runner-up articles listed in the appendix. The series is edited by Robert Atwan, and Joyce Carol Oates assisted in the editing process up until 2000 with the publication of "The Best American Essays of the Century".

</doc>
<doc id="21526741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526741" title="1988 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
1988 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 1988 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began with 32 teams and ended on December 17, 1988 when Texas defeated Hawaii 3 games to 0 in the NCAA championship match.
Texas won the school's first NCAA championship and became the first non-California or Hawaii university to win the NCAA national championship (Texas also won the last AIAW national championship). After upsetting previously unbeaten and top ranked UCLA in the national semifinals, Texas swept Hawaii in the final by the scores of 15-4, 16-14, 15-13, and became the first school to win every NCAA tournament match in sweeps (3-0), as they 15-0 in individual games.

</doc>
<doc id="21526768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526768" title="Lake Katam">
Lake Katam

The Lake Katam is one of the larger lakes in Ounianga Kebir, a lake system in the Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Region in the north-east basin of Chad. These lakes are notable for their running in the north-south headlands, by the Trade wind are formed. They are the remnant of a much larger lake, that filled the basin during the so-called green Sahara-time, which lasted from about BC 10000-1500.

</doc>
<doc id="21526799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526799" title="Sascha ...ein aufrechter Deutscher">
Sascha ...ein aufrechter Deutscher

"Sascha ...ein aufrechter Deutscher" ("An upstanding German") is an anti-Nazi song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the first single and the ninth track from the album "Kauf MICH!".
The song tells a story about a jobless neonazi, whose hateful activities are sarcastically depicted very "German" and in a neutral light. Also the tune is fun and careless, which contrasts the theme and depiction even more.

</doc>
<doc id="21526809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526809" title="Syutkin">
Syutkin

Syutkin or Siutkin () is a Russian surname. It may refer to one of the following persons:

</doc>
<doc id="21526811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526811" title="Rune Sola">
Rune Sola

Rune Sola (born 1985) is a Norwegian motorcycle speedway rider who rode in 2004 Speedway Grand Prix of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="21526843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526843" title="Diamanté">
Diamanté

Diamanté refers to a diamond simulant. Diamanté is mostly known to be Cubic Zirconia but at times could refer to crystals, glass or rhinestones. This term is tradmarked by Farsh Love. FarshLove.com

</doc>
<doc id="21526875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526875" title="City Detective">
City Detective

City Detective is a half-hour syndicated crime drama starring Rod Cameron as 43-year-old Bart Grant, a tough 1950s New York City police lieutenant. The first of three consecutive Rod Cameron series, "City Detective" aired between January 1, 1953 and May 10, 1955. Late in 1953, the publication "Variety" noted that the series had been sold to 1,971 television stations, a then syndication record. 
Numerous actors who appeared on "City Detective" later landed roles on established network series, including Barbara Billingsley and Hugh Beaumont, who appeared in separate episodes some three years before they were cast as the concerned parents in the sitcom "Leave It to Beaver". Madge Blake, a peripheral figure in "Leave It to Beaver" as well as the Walter Brennan series "The Real McCoys", also guest starred on "City Detective". Andy Clyde, who played Madge Blake's brother on "The Real McCoys", appeared as Pop in the 1955 episode "Desert Ice". Doris Packer of "Leave It to Beaver" and "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" appeared as Florence in the episode "Sixteen Vertical". Frances Bavier, later "Aunt Bee" on CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show", appeared three times on "City Detective". Lloyd Corrigan, a co-star of the future NBC sitcom "Happy", appeared as Shoreham in the 1954 episode "A Safe Combination". Jean Byron, the mother on ABC's "The Patty Duke Show" appeared twice on "City Detective".
Guest stars.
Other episodes and guest stars include:
After "City Detective", a Revue Studios Production, Cameron launched "State Trooper" (1956-1959), set in and about Las Vegas, Nevada, and "COronado 9", a detective series set in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21526901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526901" title="Richard of Staines">
Richard of Staines

Richard of Staines (or Richard de Stanes) was an English clerical judge. He acted as an Itinerant Justice, visiting 11 counties in 1208 before his appointment as a justice of the Court of King's Bench in 1209. He became Lord Chief Justice in 1269, and after the coronation of Edward I in 1273 was moved to the Court of Common Pleas. He died in 1277.

</doc>
<doc id="21526904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526904" title="LaFleur (Lost)">
LaFleur (Lost)

"LaFleur" is the eighth television episode of the fifth season of ABC's "Lost". The 94th episode of the show overall, "LaFleur" aired on March 4, 2009 on ABC in the United States, being simulcast on A in Canada. The episode was written by co-executive producers Elizabeth Sarnoff and Kyle Pennington and directed by editor Mark Goldman.
Having lost Charlotte Lewis in the time flashes, James "Sawyer" Ford, Juliet Burke, Miles Straume, Jin-Soo Kwon and Daniel Faraday realize the time flashes have stopped, and they find themselves in 1974. Sawyer then perpetuates a lie to the DHARMA Initiative to protect themselves from mistakes of the past.
Plot.
Following the events of "This Place is Death", a time jump briefly takes the remaining group of survivors — James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway), Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell), Miles Straume (Ken Leung), Daniel Faraday (Jeremy Davies) and Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) — to a time when there is an ancient statue standing on the island (the remnants of which are seen in "Live Together, Die Alone"). They are only able to see the back of it before John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) turns the wheel, bringing the survivors forward to 1974, at the peak of the Dharma Initiative's presence on the island. Now that John has pushed the wheel, the time jumps have stopped and they are stuck in the past. The group comes across a pair of Dharma Initiative members who have been captured by two of the island's native inhabitants, known as the Others. Juliet and Sawyer kill the Others and free Amy (Reiko Aylesworth), but her husband Paul (Casey Byrnes) has been killed. The group returns to the barracks, where Amy resides; however, she tricks them into walking through the sonic fence which surrounds the barracks, knocking them unconscious.
Sawyer wakes up and is confronted by Horace Goodspeed (Doug Hutchison), the leader of the Dharma Initiative on the island. Sawyer tells him that his name is James LaFleur and that he and the other survivors were part of a shipwreck on the island, and that they are still looking for other members of their crew. Horace tells him that they will have to leave the next day on the submarine because they are not "Dharma material". Meanwhile, Daniel sees Charlotte Lewis (Rebecca Mader) as a young girl, but decides not to say anything to her. That night, the spokesman of the Others, Richard Alpert (Nestor Carbonell), enters the barracks to determine why his treaty with Dharma was broken. Sawyer convinces Alpert not to attack Dharma, because he is the one who killed the Others. Alpert is further convinced when Sawyer shares knowledge of the events that transpired in 1954 in the episode "Jughead". Because Sawyer has successfully defused the situation, Horace allows the group to stay and look for the other crew members of their ship, when in reality they are waiting for Locke to return with the survivors who left the island.
Three years later, the survivors have joined Dharma and are living in the barracks. Sawyer is the well respected head of security, while Jin (who is now fluent in English) continues to search for those who left the island. Amy is pregnant with Horace's baby and due to give birth in two weeks. Following an argument between them, Horace gets drunk and hurls sticks of dynamite at trees and Amy goes into early labor; Juliet successfully delivers the baby, the first that survived in all her time on the island. Horace believes that Amy is not yet over her deceased husband, however Sawyer reassures him by stating that three years is enough time to get over someone, referring to his relationship with Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly). Sawyer returns to his home, where he lives with Juliet, with whom he is now in a relationship. The next morning, he receives a call from Jin, who has found Kate, Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox), and Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia) in the jungle (as seen in "316"). Sawyer secretly meets them far from the barracks, where they are reunited.
Production.
In the episode "Confirmed Dead", Charlotte's birthday is said to be July 2, 1979, Mader's actual birthday. This led to a minor continuity error in "LaFleur", when Charlotte is depicted as being a young girl in 1974. Executive producers Cuse and Lindelof claimed in a podcast that the original script for "Confirmed Dead" listed Charlotte's birthday as being in 1970 and that Mader had it changed because she did not want people to think she was significantly older than she actually is. This caused a controversy when Mader later stated on her blog that Gregg Nations, the script coordinator, was the one who suggested the change. Cuse and Lindelof later conceded that she was right.
Reception.
The episode gained 12.396 million American viewers and 339,000 Australian viewers.
"LaFleur" garnered generally positive reviews from critics. Chris Carabott of IGN gave the episode a positive review, stating "The narrative successfully establishes a new direction for the story from here on out and gives us an exciting, yet familiar, setting for the next few episodes." He also liked the episode's focus on Sawyer, saying "This is a great James Ford episode. It's been a while since we've had an opportunity to see Sawyer's con artist skills put to the test and he definitely delivers this week."

</doc>
<doc id="21526912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526912" title="Lone Peak High School">
Lone Peak High School

Lone Peak High School (abbreviated LPHS) is a public high school in Highland, Utah, in northern Utah County. Part of Alpine School District, it was built in 1997 to serve students in the cities of Alpine, Highland, and Cedar Hills. Lone Peak High School was given athletic 5A Status beginning at the 2005-2006 school year. Its mascot is a knight.
Academics.
Lone Peak offers several honors classes and AP courses, as well as off-campus classes at nearby colleges such as BYU, University of Utah, UVU, and business and technical colleges.
Athletics.
Lone Peak sponsors several interscholastic teams for both boys and girls: basketball, cross country, soccer, swimming, tennis, golf, and track and field. For boys there are teams competing in baseball, football, and wrestling. Girls may also compete in cheerleading, drill team, softball, and volleyball.
State championships.
Teams that have won state championships sponsored by the Utah High School Activities Association:
Clubs.
The school sponsors clubs ranging from the arts and sciences to popular culture and athletics. Clubs change from year to year based on student interests.
Fine arts.
The Productions class is a theatrical team that produces many shows each year. The Lone Peak Productions Company (King Arthur's Company) produces two musicals, several plays, a musical revue, and participates in regional and state competitions each year. Lone Peak's Shakespeare team competes at the Utah Shakespearean Festival competition each fall. Several times they ranked first place in Buckingham Sweepstakes, and in Ensemble Scenes.
The Drama Department has a separate council that plans activities, dances, and major events relevant to the Drama Department.
The Fine Arts Department has programs in dance, ballroom dance, speech, debate, and visual art and sculpture. The Performing Dance Company (PDC) is a class and team where students learn curriculum and creativity while learning to choreograph. PDC has won many choreography awards at the Shakespeare Festival, the State High School Dance Festival, and has been one of the few Utah schools to attend the National High School Dance Festival.
Lone Peak has a choral program; The Chamber Singers regularly tour to New York City, competing in the Festival of Gold, a National Invitational Choral Festival. Each year they perform several concerts, benefit concerts, and local presentations.
The band program consists of a Symphonic Band, Concert Band, Advanced Jazz Band, Intermediate Jazz Band, Percussion Ensemble, Marching Band, Beginning Guitar Ensemble, and an Advanced Guitar Ensemble. The 2009 Marching Knights band placed first at the Nebo Tournament of Bands, the Rocky Mountain Band Invitational (BYU), the Davis Cup, and the UMEA Red Rocks Marching Invitational. The band has been a participant at the Bands of America regional competitions in Towson, Maryland, Los Angeles, California, and St. George, Utah, finishing 12th overall in 2009. The Lone Peak Advanced Jazz Ensemble is one of two bands in Utah to be named a finalist at the 2007 Monterey Jazz Festival. In 2010 the Jazz Band placed first among 29 high school bands at the Peaks Jazz Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21526947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526947" title="Franz Leitner (speedway rider)">
Franz Leitner (speedway rider)

Franz Leitner (born 1968) is a former Austrian motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the 1995 Speedway Grand Prix of Austria. He is the only Austrian who has ridden in Speedway Grand Prix series.

</doc>
<doc id="21526950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526950" title="Blood type diet">
Blood type diet

The blood type diet is a nutritional diet advocated by Peter J. D'Adamo, outlined in his book "Eat Right 4 Your Type".
D'Adamo claims that ABO blood type is the most important factor in determining a healthy diet and recommends distinct diets for each blood type.
Throughout his books, D'Adamo cites the works of biochemists and glycobiologists who have researched blood groups, claiming or implying that their research supports this theory. The consensus among dietitians, physicians, and scientists is that the theory is unsupported by scientific evidence.
Description.
D'Adamo's premise is that blood type is key to the human body's ability to differentiate self from non-self. Lectins in foods, he asserts, react differently with each ABO blood type and, to a lesser extent, with an individual's secretor status. In "Lectins: The Diet Connection" and subsequent chapters of "Eat Right 4 Your Type", lectins which interact with the different ABO type antigens are described as incompatible and harmful, and that the selection of different foods for A, AB, B, and O types is therefore important in minimizing reactions with these lectins.
D'Adamo bases his ideas on the ABO classification system of Karl Landsteiner and Jan Janský, as well as some of the many other tissue surface antigens and classification systems, particularly the Lewis antigen system for ABH secretor status.
On page 20 of "Eat Right 4 Your Type", D'Adamo states, "At this point, you might be wondering about other blood type identifiers, such as positive/negative, or secretor/non-secretor. ... These variations or subgroups within blood types play relatively insignificant roles. More than 90% of the factors associated with your blood type are related to your primary blood type, O, A, B, or AB."
The evolutionary theory of blood groups used by D'Adamo stems from work by William C. Boyd, an immunochemist and blood type anthropologist who made a worldwide survey of the distribution of blood groups. In his 1950 book "Genetics and the races of man: An introduction to modern physical anthropology", Boyd describes how through genetic analysis of blood groups, modern humans can be categorized into populations that differ according to their alleles. Boyd divided the world population into 13 geographically distinct species with slightly different frequency distributions of blood group genes.
D'Adamo groups those thirteen races together by ABO blood group, each type within this group having unique dietary recommendations:
Scientific criticism.
The blood type diet has met with criticisms for many different reasons, some of which have been addressed publicly by D'Adamo.
A scientific review published in 2013 concludes that no scientific evidence exists to support the blood type diet theory and calls for properly designed scientific studies to address it: "No evidence currently exists to validate the purported health benefits of blood type diets. To validate these claims, studies are required that compare the health outcomes between participants adhering to a particular blood type diet (experimental group) and participants continuing a standard diet (control group) within a particular blood type population."
Research evidence.
One criticism is that he provided inadequate evidence; his first book, "Eat Right 4 Your Type" contains only a bibliography. Although his subsequent books have provided thorough references for the classifications of various foods within his categories of "beneficials", "neutrals", and "avoids", his specific process and reasons for reaching these conclusions of classification remain undocumented.
By restricting the complex processes of the human body to just four limiting stereotypes, the blood type diet has been described as "blood type astrology".
There is a lack of scientific evidence supporting the associations between disease states and ABO blood types as mentioned on Peter D'Adamo's website. A search of "PubMed" under the author's name does not yield any peer-reviewed articles with data to support his claims. For example, his claim that elderberry can be used as a remedy for the common flu lacks scientific evidence and may be misleading. A review article by Dr. Guo and colleagues, published in the American Journal of Medicine, reports that "the effectiveness of any complementary and alternative therapy for treating or preventing seasonal influenza is not established beyond reasonable doubt. Current evidence from randomized controlled trials is sparse and limited by small sample sizes, low methodological quality, or clinically irrelevant effect sizes."
Questions of lectin actions.
D'Adamo claims many ABO specific lectins exist in foods. This claim is unsubstantiated by established biochemical research, which has found no differences in the reactions of lectins with human ABO types. Research shows that lectins specific to a particular ABO type are generally not found in foods (with several rare exceptions, e.g., the Lima bean) and that lectins with ABO specificity are more frequently found in non-food plants or animals.
A study by The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition that has been cited to support D'Adamo's theories reported that the edible parts of 29 of 88 foods tested, including common salad ingredients, fresh fruits, roasted nuts, and processed cereals, were found to possess significant lectin-like activity (as assessed by hemagglutination and bacterial agglutination assays). However, nearly all of the 29 foods agglutinated red blood cells of all ABO blood types and were not type-specific; D'Adamo's theory refers to lectins in food that react to specific ABO blood types.
D'Adamo has remarked in the past that it is an oversimplification of his work with blood groups to simply apply the lectin-blood group specifics ad hoc to his work, since that "would not be following the Blood Type Diet, but rather a lectin-avoidance diet". He states that the blood type diet is characterized more by "what you eat rather than what you avoid", and that "the lectin connection was only a part of a much larger picture."
Lack of clinical trials.
The blood type diet has been criticized for its lack of support by clinical trials. In "Eat Right 4 Your Type", D'Adamo mentions the diets being in the eighth year of a 10 year cancer trial:
Blood type evolution issues.
Luiz C. de Mattos and Haroldo W. Moreira point out that D'Adamo's assertion that the O blood type was the first human blood type requires that the O gene have evolved before the A and B genes in the ABO locus; phylogenetic networks of human and non-human ABO alleles show that the A gene was the first to evolve. They argue that it would be extraordinary, evolutionarily, for normal genes (those for types A and B) to have evolved from abnormal genes (for type O).
Yamamoto "et al." further note:
Although the O blood type is common in all populations around the world, there is no evidence that the O gene represents the ancestral gene at the ABO locus. Nor is it reasonable to suppose that a defective gene would arise spontaneously and then evolve into normal genes.
Another study from 2004 concluded that "ssuming constancy of evolutionary rate, diversification of the representative alleles of the three human ABO lineages (A101, B101, and O02) was estimated at 4.5 to 6 million years ago"; D'Adamo asserts that the ABO blood types emerged between 30,000 and 1,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="21526963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526963" title="Ilja Venäläinen">
Ilja Venäläinen

Ilja Venäläinen (born 27 September 1980) is a Finnish football player currently playing for KuPS who has formerly played also in FF Jaro and FC KooTeePee.

</doc>
<doc id="21526965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21526965" title="SS Empire Bairn">
SS Empire Bairn

Empire Bairn was an 813 ton coastal tanker which was built by Blythswood Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Glasgow in 1941 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT).
She spent the Second World War plying the Mediterranean Sea. Her uneventful wartime career is unusually well documented for a small cargo ship. After the war, she was sold to the Indian Navy in 1948 and commissioned as a harbour tanker HMIS "Chilka", becoming INS "Chilka" when India became a republic in 1950. She was decommissioned in 1976 and was scrapped in 1977.
Construction.
"Empire Bairn"—"Bairn" means "child"—was built by Blythswood Shipbuilding Company Ltd, of Glasgow, as yard number 67. She was launched on 23 October 1941 and completed in December 1941. She was operated under the management of the Bulk Oil Steamship Co Ltd.
War service.
1941–42.
After completion in December 1941, SS "Empire Bairn" would have undertaken sea trials. She is first recorded at Oban, Argyllshire in late December 1941. She took part in a number of convoys during the Second World War.
"Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy WN 225 which sailed from Oban on 30 December 1941 and arrived at Methil, Fife on 2 January 1942. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy EN 65 which sailed from Methil on 30 March 1942 and arrived at Oban on 1 April.
"Empire Bairn" is next recorded as being a member of Convoy BB 172 which sailed from Belfast Lough on 9 May and arrived at Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire the next day. She joined at Holyhead, Anglesey on 9 May and arrived at Avonmouth, Gloucestershire on 11 May.
Her movements for the next five weeks are unrecorded. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy WN 299 which sailed from Loch Ewe on 21 June 1942 and arrived at Methil on 23 June. Her destination was Scapa Flow, Orkney Islands where she arrived on 22 June. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy HM13 which sailed from Holyhead on 9 July 1942 and arrived at Milford Haven on 10 July. She then sailed to Swansea, West Glamorgan where she arrived later that day. "Empire Bairn" sailed from Swansea on 11 July to join Convoy WP 185 which sailed from Milford Haven that day and arrived at Portsmouth on 13 July. Her destination was Plymouth, Devon, she arrived on 12 July.
Her movements until October 1942 are not recorded. In mid October she was sent to work in the Mediterranean Sea. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy KX 2 which sailed from the Clyde on 18 October 1942 and arrived at Gibraltar on 29 October. Her movements until February 1943 are unrecorded.
1943.
On 12 February, "Empire Bairn" was in Bône, Algeria. She was a member of Convoy ET 11X which sailed from Bône on that day and arrived at Oran, Algeria on 15 February. On 25 February she was again in Gibraltar. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy TE 16 which sailed from Gibraltar on 26 February and arrived at Bône on 1 March.
"Empire Bairn" then sailed to Philippeville, Algeria and back to Bône 2 March, arrived back at Philippeville on 4 March and then to Algiers, arriving on 6 March. "Empire Bairn" then joined Convoy KMS 10G which had sailed from the Clyde on 26 February and arrived at Bône on 11 March.
"Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy ET 14 which sailed from Bône on 13 March and arrived at Gibraltar on 17 March. Her destination was Algiers, where she arrived on 15 March. On 19 March "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy TE 19 which had sailed from Gibraltar on 16 March and arrived at Bône on 20 March. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy MKS 10 which sailed from Bône on 23 March and arrived at Liverpool on 5 April. She left the convoy at Algiers on 25 March. The following day "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy TE 19Y which had sailed from Gibraltar on 23 March and arrived at Bône on 27 March. "Empire Bairn" arrived at Philippeville and then back at Bône on 30 March, then was at Philippeville again on 31 March. She then sailed to Bougie, Algeria, arriving on 1 April.
She sailed from Bougie on 2 April and arrived at Algiers on 3 April. On 7 April "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy TE 20A which had sailed from Gibraltar on 5 April and arrived at Bône on 8 April. She left the convoy at Bougie on 9 April and then sailed to Philippeville. On 10 April she left Philippeville and arrived at Bône on 11 April. She departed Bône on 15 April and arrived at Algiers on 17 April. On 21 April "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy UGS 7 which had sailed from Hampton Roads on 1 April 1943 and arrived at Bône on 22 April. On 27 April "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy ET 19 which arrived at Gibraltar on 2 May. She left the convoy at Algiers on 29 April.
On 6 May "Empire Bairn" sailed for Philippeville, arriving the next day. On 10 May "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy ET20 which had sailed from Bône on 9 May and arrived at Gibraltar on 14 May. She left the convoy at Algiers on 11 May. On 17 May she was at Bougie, arriving at Algiers later that day.
Her next recorded movement was arriving at Algiers on 19 June and sailing from Bougie later that day. On 24 June "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy GTX 3 at Algiers The convoy had sailed from Gibraltar on 21 June 1943 and arrived at Port Said on [4 July. She left the convoy at Malta on 28 June. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy MKS 16A which sailed from Tripoli, Libya on 29 June and arrived at Gibraltar on 6 July. She left the convoy at Bizerta, Algeria on 1 July. From July to October, her movements are unrecorded except that she was in port at Bizerta from 20–23 July, 3 August to 3 September and 24 September to 7 October.
On 7 October, "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy KMS 28 which had sailed from Gibraltar on 7 October and arrived at Port Said on 19 October. Her destination is unrecorded but she arrived back at Bizerta on 12 October.
"Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy NV 7 which sailed from Naples, Italy on 3 November 1943 and arrived at Augusta, Italy on 5 November. "Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy AH 8 which sailed Augusta from on 8 November and arrived at Bari, on 10 November. She left the convoy at Taranto, Italy on 9 November.
On 14 December "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy HA 12 which had sailed from Bari on that day and arrived at Augusta on 16 December. Later that day, she joined convoy MKS 34 which had sailed from Port Said on 11 December and arrived at Gibraltar on 24 December. She left the convoy at Algiers on 20 December. On 24 December "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy KMS 35 which had sailed from Gibraltar on 22 December and arrived at Port Said on 1 January 1944. "Empire Bairn" joined the convoy at Algiers and left at Augusta. She left the convoy on 28 December at Augusta. On 31 December "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy GUS 26 which had sailed from Port Said, Egypt on 26 December and arrived at Hampton Roads, Virginia on 24 January 1944. She put into Malta after becoming a straggler, arriving on 1 January 1944.
1944.
On 5 January "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy MKS 36 which had sailed from Port Said on 31 December 1943 and arrived at Gibraltar on 12 January 1944. She left at Bizerta on 8 January. Her next recorded movements are sailing from Bizerta on 17 January and arriving back on 21 January. She then sailed from Bizerta on 22 January and arrived at Naples on 24 January.
"Empire Bairn" was a member of Convoy NV 22 which sailed from Naples on 22 February and arrived at Augusta on 23 February. On 23 February "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy MKS 41 which had sailed from Port Said on 19 February and arrived at Gibraltar on 2 March. She left at Bizerta on 27 February.
Her next recorded movement was sailing from Augusta on 20 March and arriving back there on 23 March. On 25 March, "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy MKS 44 which had sailed from Port Said on 20 March 1944 and arrived at Gibraltar on 1 April. She left at Bizerta on 28 March. She sailed from Bizerta on 31 March and arrived at Bône on 1 April.
On 7 April, "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy MKS 45 which had sailed from Port Said on 30 March 1944 and rendezvoused with Convoy SL 154 on 11 April. She left at Algiers on 8 April. On 11 April, "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy UGS 37 which had sailed from Hampton Roads on 24 March and arrived at Port Said on 19 April. She left at Bône on 13 April. On 17 April "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy MKS 46 which had sailed from Port Said on 9 April and arrived at Gibraltar on 21 April. She left at Algiers on 19 April. "Empire Bairn" sailed from Algiers on 22 April and arrived at Bône on 23 April. On 28 April "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy KMS 48 which had sailed from Gibraltar on 25 April and arrived at Port Said on 1 May. She left the convoy at Augusta on 1 May. On 4 May "Empire Bairn" joined Convoy MKS 48 which had sailed from Port Said on 29 April and arrived at Gibraltar on 10 May. She left at Bizerta on 6 May.
Her movements are unrecorded until she left Bizerta on 24 September and was escorted to La Maddalena, Sardinia, where she arrived on 26 September. No further movements are recorded until May 1945.
1945.
In 1945, "Empire Bairn" was sent to India. She is recorded as sailing from Naples on 7 May, arriving at Piraeus, Greece on 11 May. Sailing on 18 May and arriving at Port Said on 21 May. She sailed from Suez, Egypt on 27 June and arrived at Aden, Aden Settlement on 3 July. She sailed from Aden on 5 July and arrived at Bombay, India on 13 July. After almost a month in port, she sailed from Bombay on 11 August, and arrived at Colombo, Ceylon on 15 August. She sailed later that day for Trincomalee, Ceylon arriving on 17 August. She sailed from Trincomalee on 18 August, arriving at Madras, India on 20 August.
Postwar.
In 1948, "Empire Bairn" was sold to the Indian Navy and renamed HMIS "Chilka", becoming INS "Chilka" when India gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1950. She was used as a harbour tanker."Chilka" was removed from the list of Indian Navy ships in 1976 and scrapped in 1977.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Bairn" had the UK Official Number 168968 and used the Code Letters BCXD.

</doc>
<doc id="21527009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527009" title="Walnut Creek (Lake Erie)">
Walnut Creek (Lake Erie)

Walnut Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It has a drainage basin of and is part of the Lake Erie Watershed.

</doc>
<doc id="21527013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527013" title="The Best American Sports Writing">
The Best American Sports Writing

The Best Sports Writing is a yearly anthology of magazine articles on the subject of sports published in the United States. It was started in 1991 as part of The Best American Series published by Houghton Mifflin. Articles are chosen using the same procedure with other titles in the Best American series; the series editor chooses about 70-100 article candidates, from which the guest editor picks 25 or so for publication; many, but not all of the remaining runner-up articles listed in the appendix. The series has been edited since its inception by Glenn Stout.
Traditionally loaded with long-form feature writing and occasionally columns, the annual book is considered a must-read by many sports writers, though the reach of its influence is debatable. Authors who have appeared in the series five or more times in its 20-year history are: Gary Smith (12 times), Charles P. Pierce (eight times), Steve Friedman (eight times), William Nack (seven times), Rick Reilly (seven times), Roger Angel (six times), Pat Jordan (six times), Linda Robertson (six times), Rick Telander (six times), Mark Kram Jr. (five times), Bill Plaschke (five times), Peter Richmond (five times), Paul Solotaroff (five times). It also includes award-winning writers whose genre is not exclusively sports-writing, such as Jeanne Marie Laskas whose 2008 piece "G-L-O-R-Y!" offered a rare look at professional cheerleaders.
The series culminated in 2000's "Best American Sports Writing of the Century", which featured few works from the 1990s. The guest editor for that book was David Halberstam, who also was the guest editor for the first edition of the series, in 1991.
Guest editors.
Selected from the cream of the sports journalism crop, nearly every guest editor has had at least one story published in a previous or later edition of the book. The only exceptions are John Feinstein, and Dick Schaap (whose work appeared twice in the "Best American Sports Writing of the Century" anthology).

</doc>
<doc id="21527018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527018" title="1978 Balkan Bulgarian Tupolev Tu-134 crash">
1978 Balkan Bulgarian Tupolev Tu-134 crash

The 1978 Balkan Bulgarian Tupolev Tu-134 crash occurred on 16 March 1978 when a Balkan Bulgarian Airlines Tupolev Tu-134 airliner on an international flight from Sofia, Bulgaria, to Warsaw Airport, Poland. 
On departure from Sofia, the aircraft was climbing to , but at it turned on a heading of 050. It turned again to 270 then began an abnormal descent. The aircraft crashed near the village of Gabare, 130 km northeast of Sofia. All 73 on board died. It was never established what the nature of the emergency was or if the aircraft was under control at the moment of impact.

</doc>
<doc id="21527030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527030" title="15 cm sIG 33 auf Fahrgestell Panzerkampfwagen II (Sf)">
15 cm sIG 33 auf Fahrgestell Panzerkampfwagen II (Sf)

The 15 cm sIG 33 auf Fahrgestell Panzerkampfwagen II (Sf), sometimes referred to as the Sturmpanzer II Bison, was a German self-propelled heavy infantry gun used during World War II. 
Development.
The 15 cm sIG 33 (Sf) auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B built in time for the Invasion of France in 1940 had proven to be too heavy for their chassis as well as enormously tall. 
The same gun was mated to the Panzerkampfwagen II chassis in an attempt to drastically lower its height while using a stronger chassis. The prototype used a standard Panzer II Ausf. B chassis when it was built in February 1941, but this was too cramped for use. The chassis was lengthened by , which required adding a sixth roadwheel, and widened by to better accommodate the gun while preserving its low silhouette. plates formed the front and sides of the open-topped fighting compartment, which was also open at the rear. Its sides were notably lower than the front which made the crew vulnerable to small arms fire and shell fragments. Large hatches were added to the rear deck to better cool the engine.
The sIG 33 gun, for which 30 rounds were carried, could traverse a total of 5° left and right and used a Rblf36 sight.
Combat use.
Twelve were built at the end of 1941 and shipped to North Africa in early 1942 where they formed "schwere Infanteriegeschütz-Kompanie" (mot.S.) ("Heavy Self-propelled Infantry Gun Company") 707 and 708. The former was assigned to "Schützen-Regiment 155" and the latter to "Schützen-Regiment 200", both part of the 90. "leichte Afrika-Division". Both companies fought until the Axis surrender in Tunisia in May 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="21527047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527047" title="Carla Abellana">
Carla Abellana

Carla Angeline Reyes Abellana (born June 12, 1986 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress and commercial model who played the lead role in the Philippine adaptation of the Mexican telenovela, "Rosalinda", aired in GMA Network. She recently finished starring as Eulalia "Lally" Agatep-Soriano in "My Husband's Lover" on GMA Network.
Biography.
Born in Manila, Philippines, Abellana is the daughter of the former 80's heartthrob Rey "PJ" Abellana, and Rea Reyes. Her grandmother is Delia Razon, who was born to a German father and a Filipino-Spanish mother. She graduated from De la Salle University-Manila as Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology degree.
Early career.
Abellana started as a commercial model. Her endorsed products included Pantene shampoo, Jollibee Ice Craze, Beverly Hills 6750, Nestle Magic Sarap, Bench clothing line, Ponds and many more. 
In 2009, she auditioned to be one of the three leading ladies of Richard Gutierrez for the television series, "Zorro". Instead of giving her a leading lady role in Zorro, the management of GMA Network saw a potential in her and decided to launch her as a new star by giving her a leading role in a television soap. She was chosen to star in the Philippine remake of the Mexican telenovela, "Rosalinda" which was originally starred by Mexican actress Thalía.
Modelling.
Abellana is part of the ever growing family of Bench Philippines. She started in 2009, and is one of the most famous talents/model of the said clothing brand. Abellana did a photo shoot for "Americas Next Top Model" judge and photographer, Nigel Barker. The photo shoot was for Philippine's socialite magazine, Philippine Tatler. During the Philippine Fashion Week 2011, Abellena did modelling for Bench Philippines and featured a gown designed by Top fashion designer Michelle Sison alongside Iya Villania, Nikki Gil, Cesca Litton and Geneva Cruz.
Hostings.
Aside from Rosalinda, she has co-hosted for "SOP Rules". Then, it is announced that Abellana will be hosting along with Dennis Trillo and Raymond Gutierrez in the fifth season of StarStruck, replacing Jolina Magdangal which aired on November 2009. She is now co-hosted "Party Pilipinas" on Channel 7. She also hosted Binibining Pilipinas 2010 and the recent Miss World Philippines 2013 which was both aired and hosted by GMA 7.
Movie career.
Carla is a contract star of Regal Films. She signed a 12-picture contract with the company. Her first movie under Regal Films is Mamarazzi which stars Eugene Domingo, JC Tiuseco and Andi Eigenmann. Abellana appeared in her very first horror movie which was an entry to 2010 Metro Manila Film Festival, "Shake, Rattle & Roll XII". In September 2011, Abellana starred in the Regal Films movie "My Neighbor's Wife" alongside Lovi Poe, Dennis Trillo and Jake Cuenca. It is said that this is Abellana's most daring movie to date. By the end of 2011, Abellana also appeared in two movies which are both entries for the 2011 Metro Manila Film Festival:" Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow" with Maricel Soriano and Gabby Concepcion and; "" alongside Gov. E. R. Ejercito.
References.
http://www.pep.ph/news/29067/Carla-Abellana-encouraged-by-boyfriend-Geoff-Eigenmann-to-accept-mature-role-in--My-Neighbor's-Wife-

</doc>
<doc id="21527051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527051" title="Jai Krishna">
Jai Krishna

Jai Krishna was an eminent civil engineer from India with specialisation in earthquake engineering. He served University of Roorkee for many years and rose to become its Vice Chancellor.
Early life.
Jai Krishna was born on jan 27, 1912 at Muzaffarnagar, in UP state. He got Bachelor in Science degree from Agra college and then studied engineering at Thomason College of Civil Engineering (now University of Roorkee) passing with honours in 1935. As a student Jai Krishna won awards like Thomason Prize, Cautley Gold Medal and Calcott Reilly Memorial Gold Medal. He received his Doctoral Degree in Civil Engineering from University of London.
Jai Krishna joined Thomason College of Civil Engineering in 1939 as Lecturer and became Professor and the Vice Chancellor in 1969.
Awards.
Jai Krishna was awarded Honorary Degrees of Doctorate by Agra University and the University of Roorkee.
Professional fellowships.
He was a Fellow of many professional bodies and academies including:
He died on August 27, 1999 in Roorkee.

</doc>
<doc id="21527089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527089" title="The National Coalition of Blacks for Reparations in America">
The National Coalition of Blacks for Reparations in America

The National Coalition of Blacks for Reparations in America (N'COBRA) is an organization based out of Washington, DC that seeks financial compensation for the descendants of former slaves in the United States.
Origins.
Goals.
The group advocates that the US Government, US corporations and individuals who benefited from the labors of former slaves should pay reparations of an undisclosed amount and say that further study needs to be done to find the exact amount, but estimate that the amount may be approximately $8,000,000,000,000 (eight trillion.) Based on the estimated US population for 2008, this amounts to approximately $205,000 per black citizen in the United States. The group also seeks an apology from the entire white race; even from those considered "white" in the United States today who came over after the slave movement.
Supporters.
The following list of persons spoke at a 2002 rally in Washington DC:
Legislation.
In 2001, N'COBRA supported H.R.40, entitled Commission to Study Reparation Proposals for African-Americans Act. This bill was sponsored by Rep John Conyers Jr. and included the following co-sponsors:

</doc>
<doc id="21527114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527114" title="Disney television series on Russian television">
Disney television series on Russian television

In Russia, the original series and films from Disney Channel, as well as Disney's other animated TV productions, are currently broadcast on Channel One and STS.
Disney launched a version of Disney Channel in Russia on August 10, 2010, by replacing Jetix.

</doc>
<doc id="21527120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527120" title="Quail Valley (Missouri City, Texas)">
Quail Valley (Missouri City, Texas)

"For the community in Menifee, California, see: Quail Valley, Menifee, California."
Quail Valley is a neighborhood dating from 1969 of Missouri City (a southwest suburb of Houston), in Fort Bend County, Texas, USA.
Geography.
Quail Valley is located at (29.571964, -95.545521), in the central part of Missouri City, Texas.
The boundaries are generally accepted to be as shown in this locator:
Surrounding neighborhoods:
Note: This Neighborhood Locator is for general reference purposes only and is not inclusive of every adjoining subdivision.
Demographics.
At the 2000 census, there were 11,938 people and 4,282 households in Census Tract 6710 (which is essentially all of the described area except for homes south of and on the south side of Glenn Lakes Ln). The population density was 3,574.3 per square mile (9257.4/km²). The racial makeup of the community was 64.23% White, 20.91% African American, 0.24% Native American, 4.03% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.12% from other races, and 1.56% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.87% of the population. For every 100 females there were 96.8 males.
Civic organizations.
There are several civic organizations in the subdivision, including Quail Valley Proud
and the Quail Valley Garden Club.
Parks.
City-owned Quail Valley Golf Course offers two 18-hole courses: El Dorado, which reopened on November 27, 2009, after extensive upgrading, and La Quinta.

</doc>
<doc id="21527133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527133" title="Stephan von Breuning (entomologist)">
Stephan von Breuning (entomologist)

Stephan von Breuning (1894 - 1983) was an Austrian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera particularly Cerambycidae.
An amateur working on the rich collections of the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle he described 7894 taxa of Cerambycidae.
He gave this photo together with a text to be published after his death.
He lived with his wife in a small studio rue Durantin, Paris 18ème at the top of an old building.
Works.
The complete list of his entomological works has been published in the "Bulletin de la Société Sciences Nat", number 41.[http://www.insects.demon.co.uk/bullsn/bull-1.html]
One of his most famous remains "Études sur les Lamiaires" published in Novitates entomologicae, 1934-1946.

</doc>
<doc id="21527135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527135" title="Killer Junior">
Killer Junior

Killer Junior and Killer Senior are techniques of employing artillery direct fire air bursts, first developed during the Vietnam War. The technique involves a howitzer or gun firing a high explosive (HE) shell fuzed with a mechanical time-super quick (MTSQ) artillery fuse set to function causing an airburst over a target in very close proximity to the gun's position. Set properly, the shell would detonate approximately above the ground at ranges of 200 to 1000 meters.
The term Killer Junior was applied to this technique when used with 105mm or 155mm howitzers, and the term Killer Senior applied to its use with the M115 203mm (8-inch) howitzer. The term "Killer" came from the call-sign of the battery which developed the technique. The technique was later perfected by Lieutenant Colonel Robert Dean, commander of the 1st Battalion, 8th Field Artillery Regiment, of the 25th Infantry Division Artillery.
Killers Junior and Senior were developed as alternatives to the Beehive flechette rounds previously used against nearby enemy troops. The advantage of Killer Junior over beehive is that the airburst projects fragments in all directions, and is able to wound enemy crawling or lying in defilade, whereas the flechettes of a Beehive round would simply fly harmlessly over a low target.

</doc>
<doc id="21527137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527137" title="The Subliminal Verses World Tour">
The Subliminal Verses World Tour

The Subliminal Verses World Tour was a worldwide concert tour in 2004 and 2005 headlined by Slipknot in support of their third studio album "".
Preparation.
Before organizing the tour, Slipknot vocalist Corey Taylor commented that he was "probably the most vocal of the guys who really didn’t feel good coming back to Slipknot", and during the tour, he said that he was "basically eating my words, eating a lot of crow this time around. [... But] it's really good. [...] It's good to be humbled and know you’re in a band that's fantastic."
During the tour, the band's third studio album "Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses)" was approaching the platinum mark, and two of its tracks were nominated for the year's Grammy Awards ("Duality" for Best Hard Rock Performance and "Vermilion" for Best Heavy Metal Performance).
Performers.
As is typical of the band, Slipknot members are masked and costumed when performing on stage. They received support at various stages of the tour from Fear Factory, Chimaira, Hatebreed and Shadows Fall. Slipknot also played as support to Metallica and Slayer.
The band Lamb of God also performed on the tour. When the tour arrived in Los Angeles on April 9, 2005 to perform at The Forum, Lamb of God was banned from opening for Slipknot because the church that owned the venue did not appreciate the band's old name of Burn the Priest.

</doc>
<doc id="21527147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527147" title="Real (TV channel)">
Real (TV channel)

Real was a Hindi entertainment channel launched by Turner International India Pvt Ltd. in a 50:50 joint venture with Alva Brothers Entertainment on March 2, 2009 based in Mumbai, Maharashtra. The channel can be down linked from Intelsat 10, 68.5°E and is a digitally encrypted pay channel. It is a part of the Zee-Turner bouquet and is available across India on cable systems and digital platforms.
Access.
This is the first Hindi entertainment channel launched by Turner Broadcasting System. The channel has been followed by an English general entertainment channel WB from the Turner stable. It is not available outside India. Real is removed from cable TV and Tata Sky. It is present in some DTH platforms.
Real has shut down the channel and made a new cooking channel: Food First.

</doc>
<doc id="21527156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527156" title="Celles, Houyet">
Celles, Houyet

Celles is a village in the municipality of Houyet in the province of Namur, Belgium.
It is a member of the heritage group "Les Plus Beaux Villages de Wallonie" ("The Most Beautiful Villages of Wallonia").
It is served by Gendron-Celles railway station, located several kilometres south-west of the village centre, next to the river Lesse.
The Château de Vêves is near the village.
It is also the farthest point that the German Army advanced during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II, which is commemorated by a preserved Panther tank.

</doc>
<doc id="21527158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527158" title="Teana (disambiguation)">
Teana (disambiguation)

Teana can refer to following:

</doc>
<doc id="21527170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527170" title="Shaqari Island">
Shaqari Island

Shaqari Island () is a small islet found in northern Albania in Lake Scutari.
It is very small and is situated just opposite the village of Shiroka which strandels the largest lake in the Balkans. The island is connected to Shiroka by a bridge and there is a building built on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="21527187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527187" title="Telecom network protocol analyzer">
Telecom network protocol analyzer

Telecom Network Protocol Analyzer is a Protocol analyzer to analyze a switching and signaling telecommunication protocol between different nodes in PSTN or Mobile telephone networks, such as 2G or 3G GSM networks, CDMA networks, WiMAX and so on. 
In a mobile telecommunication network it can analyze the traffic between MSC and BSC, BSC and BTS, MSC and HLR, MSC and VLR, VLR and HLR, and so on.
Protocol analyzers are mainly used for performance measurement and troubleshooting. These devices connect to the network to calculate key performance indicators to monitor the network and speed-up troubleshooting activities.

</doc>
<doc id="21527188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527188" title="Shahzada Rehmatullah Khan Saddozai">
Shahzada Rehmatullah Khan Saddozai

Shahzada Rehmatullah Khan Durrani () was born on 10 October 1919 in the Sadozai dynasty of Durrani, the ethnic Pashtun Sadozai tribe, section of the Popalzai sub clan of Durrani Abdali Pashtun tribe in British India, Quetta.
Early life.
After his father's death, his uncle, Abdul Majeed Khan Durrani, became his guardian. The first male of his family to be formally educated, he soon assumed control of his father's business. He built a strong career, serving as a social welfare volunteer, a politician and one of the great Pashtun tribal chiefs. Moreover, he was a sponsor of an Adventurers Association and football club in Quetta. His best friends were Khan Abdul Ghafoor Khan Durrani the Popalzai Durranies chief in Balochistan, leader of All-India Muslim League in Balochistan, Khan Mohammad Sadeeq Khan Ghalzai; his father-in-law from Loralai, Ch. Mohammad Anwar {Retd Police officer}, Peer Zainudin Algillani, Meer Ghulam Nabi Marri (Shaheed), Haji Mohammad Hashim Khan Ghalzai, Haji Mirza Khan Peichi of Loralai.
Family.
In the days of bloodshed held between the Barakzai and the Sadozai tribes in Afghanistan, some members of royal Sadozai families changed their names and perceived cast, and prudently migrated from Afghanistan to British Baluchistan. Among them were son of Shahzada Kamran Durrani, Shahzada Sardar Bismillah Khan Durrani, migrated with his son Sardar Rasheed Khan Durrani and grandson Sardar Nidda Durrani and family with personal guards to a small fort of an elder of the Kakar tribe in Kuchlak near British Quetta. They soon moved to Killi Gogi Ahmandoon near Ziarat, where Sardar Nidda Durrani married into a notable family of the Kakar tribe and assumed a peaceful life. His grandfather was buried in Killi Ahmandoon. In December 1879, at the express invitation of Amir Mohammad Ayub Khan, Mohammadzai Sardar Rasheed Khan Durrani (1832–1880) and his son Sardar Nidda Durrani (Aalijah)(1855–1926) went to Afghanistan as part of Amir policy to unify the tribes through chiefs for Sovereignty as well as to bring peace, stability and rebuild Afghanistan. In July 1880 during the Second Anglo-Afghan War against the British Empire in the Battle of Maiwand Shahzad Rasheed Khan Durrani was martyred and buried in Afghanistan and his son Shahzada Aalijah Nidda Durrani, after staying in Afghanistan, came back to British India to live with his family. In 1907 Shahzada Aalijah Nidda Durrani and family, including his son, Mohammad Abdul Rahim Durrani, and young Grandson Sardar Abdul Habib Durrani, returned from Killi Ahmandoon Ziarat to the small village of Killi Katheer near Kuchlak and soon after moved with his family to British Quetta for permanent settlement. Shahzada Aalijah Nidda Durrani died in Quetta, meanwhile the second and younger son of Mohammad Abdul Rahim Durrani, Abdul Majeed Khan Durrani went to Kolkata, India for business. After the death of Sardar Mohammad Abdul Rahim Khan Durrani, his first son Sardar Abdul Habib Khan Durrani took control of his business. Sardar Abdul Habib Khan Durrani was the father of Shahzada Rehmatullah Khan Saddozai Durrani (1919–1992), who was the father of Sardar Ahmad Khan Sadozai Durrani (Chairman) Saddozai Qomi Welfare Organization Balochistan, and of Noorullah Khan Durrani; Mr. Runner-up Pakistan in all Pakistan Body Building contest 1967, and is now settled in Harran Norway, The famous mountaineer and caving legend of Pakistan Hayatullah Khan Durrani is his seventh son and Habibullah Khan Sadozai settled in United Kingdom is his eighth and last son. Further, Pakistan's Junior / senior Canoe and Kayak Champion; Mohammad Abubakar Durrani is his grandson. Mohammad Abubakar Durrani is the youngest athlete to have won best Kayak paddler award and is the only player to have won this award in Pakistan six consecutive times since 2007. Abubakar Durrani is also a director and owner of Abdali Productions and his English language documentary film "The Great Adventurers", is very popular and is based on the true story of relief operations at Wam village, Ziarat District following the earthquake of 29 October 2008. He is a student of Computer Engineering in BUITEMS Balochistan.
As volunteer.
Shahzada Rehmatullah Khan Sadozai, nicknamed Gull Agha, raised his name in serving his tribe; the ethnic Pashtun Sadozai tribe section of the Popalzai sub clan of Durrani Abdali Pashtuns in Quetta Balochistan, Pakistan. He was the chief of the Sadozai tribe in Balochistan and also founded the Sadozai Qaumi Welfare Organization. He died from cancer on 29 November 1992 at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="21527197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527197" title="Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin">
Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin

Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin (Marie Émilie Thérèse; 2 August 1670 – 1732) was a French lady-in-waiting, the lover and later the morganatic spouse of Louis, Dauphin of France. As a morganatic spouse, she was not styled the Dauphine of France.
Biography.
Background.
Marie Émilie was born in Bourg-en-Bresse to Pierre de Joly de Choin, grand bailli of Bourg-en-Bresse, and Mademoiselle d'Urre d'Aiguebonne. She was a lady-in-waiting to the king's favourite illegitimate daughter, Marie Anne de Bourbon, the princess de Conti. Marie Émilie was considered to be unattractive but spiritual.
Prince Louis fell in love with her after the death of his consort in 1690. She entered into a relationship with Louis, "le Grand dauphin", in parallel to having a relationship with the Count Francois-Alphonse de Clermont-Chaste, a member of the entourage of the marchal de Luxembourg. Luxembourg advised Clermont-Chaste to marry Choin in order to take power over the crown prince through her. It was rumoured that Marie Émilie and Clerment-Chaste planned to conquer the throne by producing a child with her, which they would present as the child of Louis. When these plans were discovered, after the correspondence between Marie Émilie and Clerment was presented to the king, they were both exiled from court.
The relationship to Louis did not end, however.
Marriage.
Marie Émilie married Louis secretly in 1694. No details are known of the ceremony, but in 19 July 1694, Louis referred to her as his legal spouse in a letter to his father's wife. Marie Émilie did not, however, acquire the title of "Dauphine" but continued to be officially referred to as Mademoiselle de Choin; the marriage was not officially mentioned or recognized, and she did not participate in court life.
Marie Émilie resided in the palace of Meudon, where she imitated the morganatic spouse of the king, Madame de Maintenon, with whom she got along very well, by acting as the queen of a court and receiving dukes and foreign diplomats. She was allowed to sit in a chair in the presence of members of the royal house and call them by their simple name rather than their full titles, but she dressed simple, took no further advantage of the marriage and did not participate in politics.
Pregnant at the time of her secret marriage, she gave birth a son who was sent to the countryside and died aged two in 1697 without receiving a name. Ultimately the marriage remained childless.
Later Life and Death.
After Louis's death in 1711, she withdrew into retirement. Louis left her a fortune in his will, but she tore the will with the words that when he was alive she only needed him and after his death only a small income. Marie Emilie was given a pension by the monarch and devoted herself to charity, not participating in society life. She died in Paris, "universally respected for her private virtues".

</doc>
<doc id="21527201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527201" title="Neuro-cardio-facial-cutaneous syndromes">
Neuro-cardio-facial-cutaneous syndromes

Neuro-cardio-facial-cutaneous-syndromes (NCFC), (also referred to as "neuro-craniofacial-cardiac syndromes") is a group of developmental disorders with a genetic ground, affecting the nervous system, circulatory system, (cranio)facial and cutaneous development. These four parts are the common denominator for the syndromes, but are mostly accompanied by disturbances in other parts of the body.
The two most common syndromes under this "umbrella" are: Leopard syndrome (LS) and Noonan syndrome (NS).
Other members are Costello syndrome (CS), cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome (CFC) and Neurofibromatosis type I (NF1). Recently, it has been observed that NCFC syndromes result from de novo germline mutations that alter the "Ras/Raf/Mek" signal transduction pathway. These are called RASopathies.
1 percent of autistic children have either a loss or duplication in a region of Chromosome 16 that encompasses the gene for ERK 1. Mutations within the ERK signal transduction pathway appears to be a "common" cause for NCFC syndromes. Some autistic children also have craniofacial and cardiac defects.

</doc>
<doc id="21527212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527212" title="John Holden (bishop)">
John Holden (bishop)

John Holden was a missionary Anglican bishop.
Biography.
He was born in 1882 and educated at Durham University He was ordained in 1907 and went to work for the Church Mission Society in China, becoming in time an archdeacon. In 1923 he became Bishop of Kwangsi-Hunan and was translated to Szechwan in 1933. Returning to England in 1938 he became Vicar of St Budock and Archdeacon of Cornwall. Six years later he became a residentiary canon at Truro Cathedral and in 1947 he resigned as archdeacon. He died on 14 August 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="21527216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527216" title="Burlington Outlet Village">
Burlington Outlet Village

Burlington Outlet Village is an outlet shopping center located just off I-85/40 in Burlington, North Carolina, USA. Burlington Outlet Village, formerly known as the Burlington Manufacturers Outlet Center (BMOC), was the first factory outlet center to open in North Carolina.
The center consists of multiple buildings - the main portion of the property was originally constructed in 1981. Additional buildings were constructed in 1983. The center was renovated in 2007 & 2008. Renovations included: rebranding, new name, new logo, new marketing campaigns, new store fronts, lighting, signage, parking lots and landscaping to revitalize the center. Burlington Outlet Village is owned and managed by Anthony & Co. ONCOR International of Raleigh, North Carolina.
Location.
Burlington Outlet Village is located just off Interstate 85/Interstate 40, with buildings visible from the highway. BOV is within an hour's drive of four of the state's five largest cities: Raleigh, Durham, Greensboro and Winston-Salem.
Access to the property is primarily from Highway 49 (one block from Exit 145 off Interstate 85) onto Plaza Drive, and secondarily from Chapel Hill Road (Highway 54) onto Corporation Pkwy.
Events.
The Burlington Outlet Village is host of several seasonal and local events and sales throughout the year. These events include:

</doc>
<doc id="21527235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527235" title="Turks in Serbia">
Turks in Serbia

Turks in Serbia, also known as Serbian Turks are people of Turkish ancestry who have been present in Serbia since the Ottoman period. The Turkish minority has traditionally lived in the urban areas of Serbia, however in 1830, when Serbia was granted an autonomous region, many Turks emigrated as "muhacirs" (refugees) to Turkey and by 1862 almost all the remaining Turks left Serbia, including 3,000 from Belgrade. According to the 2011 census only 647 people declared themselves as Turks, though this does not include the Turkish minority in Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="21527245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527245" title="Tristan Thomas">
Tristan Thomas

Tristan Thomas (born 23 May 1986 in Brisbane) is an Australian athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles.
Currently coached by Craig Hilliard at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra, Thomas has set personal bests over a diverse range of distances and has been nationally ranked over 200 metres, 400 metres, 800 metres and 400m Hurdles in various athletics season in Australia. Thomas is a 4 time National Champion of the 400 metres hurdles. He is the second best Australian of all time in this event and he is the Tasmanian holder. Thomas had displayed similar ability whilst in school, winning an unprecedented four gold medals in the above events at the 2003 Australian All Schools Championships. He was selected to compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He was selected to compete in the 400 metres hurdles. He finished 4th in heat four with a time of 49.13. This qualified him for the semifinals. He finished 7th in semifinal two with a time of 50.55. This did not qualify him for the next stage and this was the end of Thomas's competition. He has also competed in three World Championships (2009, 2011, 2013). He won bronze in 2009 in the 4 x 400 metres relay. Thomas competed in the 2006 commonwealth games but missed the 2010 competition due to injury. He has recently been selected for the 2014 games.
Education.
For primary school Tristan Thomas attended Corpus Christi in Hobart, Tasmania. For high school Thomas attended St Virgils also in Hobart. Thomas achieved a Bachelor of Engineering and Commerce at the Australian National University.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21527254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527254" title="Yevgenyevka, Kazakhstan">
Yevgenyevka, Kazakhstan

Yevgenyevka (derived from Yevgen'yevka) is a city in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. It is located in the Enbekshikazakh District, approximately north-east of Almaty. 

</doc>
<doc id="21527258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527258" title="Sant'Antonio di Ranverso Abbey">
Sant'Antonio di Ranverso Abbey

The Abbey of Sant'Antonio di Ranverso is a religious complex in Buttigliera Alta, province of Turin, northern Italy.
History.
The monastery (also known as preceptory) complex was founded in 1188 by Humbert III of Savoy, who give it to the Regular Canons of St. Anthony of Vienne, as a restoration point for pilgrims and a treatment center for people infected by ergot. With the outbreak of the Black Death in the 15th century, the abbey also took care of the new contagium. St. Anthony was chosen due to its widespread depiction in company of a small pig, an animal whose fat was used for the treatment of the plague.
The complex was modified and rebuilt several times. It initially included a hospital, of which only the façade remain, the preceptory itself and the church. The latter appears today in Lombard-Gothic style, after its renovation in the 14th-15th centuries. Annexed to it is the bell tower, also in Gothic style (14th century).
The interior was decorated with numerous frescoes starting from the 13th century, some of which painted by Giacomo Jaquerio in the early 15th century. Also by him is the "Ascension to the Calvary", in the sacristy. In the presbytery is a polyptych by Defendente Ferrari (1531).

</doc>
<doc id="21527275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527275" title="HMS Spiraea">
HMS Spiraea

Two vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Spiraea" after the shrub:

</doc>
<doc id="21527277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527277" title="Neo-Gaeltacht">
Neo-Gaeltacht

A Neo-Gaeltacht () is an area where Irish has a strong presence as a spoken language but is not part of the officially defined or traditional Gaeltacht areas. It has been argued that non-Gaeltacht activist groups wishing to establish a language community need to show that it is large, permanent and formally organized and that it has a growing number of people using Irish as their first language. Another objective is a situation in which children use Irish among themselves and with other Irish speakers in a natural way while being able to deal with a largely English-speaking world.
The Department of the Gaeltacht has said that areas outside the traditional Gaeltacht areas may be recognised as Gaeltacht areas, subject to fulfilling particular criteria.
Belfast.
In February 2002, the report of the West Belfast Task Force recommended turning part of West Belfast into "An Cheathrú Ghaeltachta/The Gaeltacht Quarter". The Joint West Belfast/Greater Shankill Task Force Report stated that the aim of the Quarter is to "secure wealth creation by maximising the economic opportunities provided by a growing cluster of Irish Language and cultural based enterprises and activities which additionally have significant tourist potential". The proposal has been accepted and put into force by the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure in Northern Ireland.
Belfast's Gaeltacht Quarter is now an area in which the Irish language is spoken widely. The area is home to Gaelscoileanna (Irish-medium primary schools), Gaelcholáistí (Irish-medium secondary schools), naíonraí (crèches) and naíscoileanna (nursery schools). The area has Irish language restaurants and agencies and is home to both Cultúrlann McAdam Ó Fiaich (the city's Irish language cultural centre). The Gaeltacht Quarter also hosts the community radio station Raidió Fáilte, Northern Ireland's only full-time Irish language radio station.
South Londonderry.
An area in southern County Londonderry centred on Slaghtneill ("Sleacht Néill") and Carntogher ("Carn Tóchair"), near Maghera, which had gone from being 50% Irish-speaking in 1901 to having only a few speakers by the end of the century, has seen a language revival since the setting up of a naíscoil in 1993 and a Gaelscoil in 1994. In 2008 two local organisations launched a "strategy for the rebirth of the Gaeltacht", based on Irish-medium primary and secondary education. Announcing the launch, Éamon Ó Cuív, the Republic's Minister for the Gaeltacht, said that the area was "an example to other areas all over Ireland which are working to reestablish Irish as a community language".
Other areas of Ireland.
Gaelscoileanna and Gaelcholáistí are now well established in the Republic, especially in Dublin, and there have been several proposals over the years, as in Cork in the 1960s, to establish a Neo-Gaeltacht. In a special report on 13 January 2009 on Nuacht TG4 news, it was confirmed that a group in Ballymun, a predominantly working-class area in Dublin, had, in conjunction with the local branch of Glór na nGael, received planning permission to build 40 homes for people who want to live in an Irish-speaking community in the heart of the city. Ballymun now has two Gaelscoileanna, but there is as yet no evidence of a Neo-Gaeltacht there or in any other part of the Republic.
North America.
Erinsville, Ontario is a Neo-Gaeltacht area in Canada. It is unusual in having no resident Irish speakers, serving instead as a meeting place for Irish speakers from elsewhere. It is therefore a link for otherwise dispersed networks.
References.
Mac Póilin, Aodán (2006), ‘The Universe of the Gaeltacht’ in Andrew Higgins Wyndham (ed.), "Re-Imagining Ireland". University of Virginia Press. ISBN 978-0-8139-2544-8

</doc>
<doc id="21527302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527302" title="Architectural Institute of Korea">
Architectural Institute of Korea

The Architectural Institute of Korea (AIK) is the only academic organization on architecture in Korea. Established in 1945, today AIK has more than 10,000 members. They represent architects, building engineers, researchers, architecture students and teachers, and public officials. 
The organization’s activities are in three different categories: academic research; information research (including four regularly published journals); and, educational and public activities. 
AIK is led by a governing body and has eight local chapters across Korea. Its national offices are located in Seoul, South Korea.
AIK has special exchange agreements with allied organizations worldwide, including the Architectural Institute of Japan (AIJ), the Architectural Society of China (ASC), and the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture (ASCA) of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21527307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527307" title="1987 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Singles">
1987 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Singles

Ivan Lendl was the defending champion but lost in the final 7–5, 6–2, 7–5 to Miloslav Mečíř.

</doc>
<doc id="21527317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527317" title="The Plain (West Point)">
The Plain (West Point)

The Plain is the parade field at the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. The flat terrain of the Plain is in contrast to the varied and hilly terrain of the remainder of the campus. The Plain rises approximately above the Hudson River and has been the site of the longest continually occupied US Army garrison in America since 1778. In its early years, the entire academy was located on the Plain and it was used for varying activities ranging from drill and mounted cavalry maneuvers to an encampment site for summer training. Currently, the Plain refers to just the parade field where cadets perform ceremonial parades. 
Geography.
The Plain in the early days of the academy comprised approximately of relatively flat ground rising approximately above the Hudson River. It was not always the level and manicured parade ground that is seen today.
History.
Before the development of the modern academy, the term "The Plain" referred to the relatively flat geographic area that the current academy occupies. It included the area where Fort Clinton was constructed. The term now specifically applies to the parade field. The Connecticut militia that first occupied West Point on 27 January 1778 encamped there during that particularly harsh winter. That summer, construction began on Fort Arnold, later to be renamed Fort Clinton, which stood at the far western edge of the Plain and overlooked the sharp westerly turn in the Hudson River. The land was owned by a private citizen, a Mr. Stephen Moore of North Carolina. Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton authorized the army's purchase of the land for $11,085 in 1790.
In the early days of the academy, the Plain was used for many purposes beyond its current use for ceremonial parades. From its earliest days until just after World War I, the Corps of Cadets spent their summers encamped on the Plain as part of their tactical field training. Semi-permanent tents were erected, hard-floor planking, and furniture and books were moved out to the campsite as the Cadets moved out of the barracks for the summer. Cadets practiced military drill and cavalry maneuvers on the Plain's open areas. However, after the superintendency of Douglas MacArthur from 1919 to 1922, summer camp was no longer held on the Plain. Before the construction of Michie Stadium, the Army football team played their home games upon the Plain. For the first 100 years of the academy, there was a large depression on the northern edge of the plain near trophy point. This area was known locally as Execution Hollow as reportedly military executions occurred there during the Revolutionary War period. The hollow remained until 1912, when it was filled in with soil excavated from the construction of Bartlett Hall. The area now is a small grassy field between the Superintendent's review stands, Clinton Field, and Battle Monument on Trophy point. The field contains a small putting green used by the Department of Physical Education for golf instruction and a spruce tree planted in 2009 as a post Christmas tree.
Uses.
The Plain in present day is used primarily for ceremonial parades, known at the academy as "reviews". Because of the cold weather common at the academy, cadet reviews are usually held between April and November. Cadets also use the Plain for recreational activities or as a place to retreat from the barracks during the late spring or early fall. The general public is asked not to walk on the grass Plain. Visitors can access and view the Plain up-close from Diagonal Walk, a walkway which bisects the Plain running north-south from Eisenhower statue to MacArthur statue. The Plain is also the location of the Corps of Cadets' Tap Vigils when a member of the corps passes away. Shortly before 2330 hours, the entire corps assembles in silence on the large paved eastern edge of the plain, known as the Apron. The traditional military hymn "Taps" is played, followed by a singing of the "Alma Mater" by the corps, followed by the playing of "Amazing Grace" by the Pipes and Drums. The cadets then disperse in silence back to their rooms.
Monuments.
The periphery of the Plain is home to several monuments to past American military leaders. A horse-mounted George Washington is depicted atop Washington Monument on the western edge looking out over the Plain. World War II Generals of the Army are remembered with Eisenhower Monument and MacArthur Monument, which sit at opposite ends of Diagonal Walk. In the far north west corner, Thayer Monument commemorates the "Father of the Military Academy", and stands watch over the Plain. On the far eastern edge of the Plain, just beyond Clinton field, Polish General Tadeusz Kosciuszko looks out over the Hudson River at Kosciuszko's Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="21527338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527338" title="Cappella Giulia">
Cappella Giulia

The choir "Cappella Giulia," officially named the Reverend Musical Chapel "Julia" of the Sacrosanct Papal Basilica of Saint Peter in the Vatican, is the choir of St. Peter's Basilica that sings for all solemn functions of the Vatican Chapter, such as Holy Mass, Lauds, and Vespers, when these are not celebrated by the Pope (for functions celebrated by the Pope, the Sistine Chapel Choir sings instead). The choir has played an important role as an interpreter and a proponent of Gregorian chant and sacred polyphony.
History.
Pope Gregory I (590–604) is credited with establishing the first papal "schola cantorum" at the Basilica of St. Peter, after the model of the guild-like papal schola at St. John Lateran. This choir remained in Rome during the Avignon Papacy (1309–1378) and was merged with the Avignon papal choir upon the Pope's return to Rome. Sixtus IV (1471–1484) transferred all papal functions and the papal choir to his newly built chapel, now known as the Sistine Chapel, while providing for a small choir of eight singers for the chapter functions at St. Peter's. On 19 February 1512, Julius II (1503–1513) issued a Bull completely reorganizing the Vatican capella (hence the name ""Julia"" in Latin, ""Giulia"" in Italian). He enlarged its revenue and its size to twelve men and twelve boys, so that it could serve as a sort of preparatory school for the papal choir, on the plan of the ancient schola.
Among the Cappella Giulia's choir masters were esteemed names such as Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina (1551–1554 and 1571–1594), Giovanni Animuccia, Francesco Soriano, Stefano Fabri, Orazio Benevoli, Domenico Scarlatti, Niccolò Jommelli, Pietro Raimondi, Salvatore Meluzzi, and Niccolò Antonio Zingarelli.
The capella was disbanded in 1980 and replaced temporarily by a choir directed by the Spanish Monsignor Pablo Colino Paulis ("Magister ad nutum") to continue to perform the key functions of the previous choir. In this new choir, called the Musical Chapel of the Sacrosanct Patriarchal Vatican Basilica, unlike the previous capella, the boy choristers were replaced by female voices, when they sang on major holidays (Easter, Christmas, and Saints Peter and Paul). In 2006 the choir was again reorganized, retaining the addition of women's voices, under the current choir master, the Canadian Father Pierre Paul, O.M.V. In May 2008 the original title "Cappella Giulia" was newly restored by the Vatican Chapter, and Rev. Pierre Paul was officially appointed as Choir master ("Magister ad nutum Capituli") with a formal act. "
On April 7, 1994, the Cappella Giulia participated in the Papal Concert to Commemorate the Shoah with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Gilbert Levine in the Sala Nervi at the Vatican. The concert was broadcast throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="21527349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527349" title="Hilaire Hurteau">
Hilaire Hurteau

Hilaire Hurteau (May 4, 1837 – February 10, 1920) was a notary and political figure in Quebec. He represented L'Assomption in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1887 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Contrecoeur, Lower Canada and educated at L'Assomption College. He studied law with notary Isidore Hurteau in Longueuil, later qualifying to practice as a notary. In 1859, he married Delphine Beaudoin. Hurteau served three years as mayor of St-Lin and three years as warden for the county. He also served as secretary-treasurer of schools. Hurteau was vice-president of the Laurentian Railway Company. His election in 1874 was overturned after an appeal but he won the subsequent by-election in 1875 by acclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="21527352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527352" title="Mohamed et al. v. Jeppesen Dataplan, Inc.">
Mohamed et al. v. Jeppesen Dataplan, Inc.

Mohamed et al. v. Jeppesen Dataplan, Inc. is a case brought by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on behalf of five victims of extraordinary renditions against Jeppesen Dataplan, Inc., which had provided services that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) used to perform renditions. 
Background.
According to an article that appeared in October 2006 in "The New Yorker", the CIA is a Jeppesen customer. The article claims that the company has provided navigational and logistics support to the agency's extraordinary rendition program. The article says Jeppesen provided "flight plans, clearance to fly over other countries, hotel reservations, and ground-crew arrangements" to the CIA. According to the article, an unnamed former employee quoted Bob Overby, Jeppesen's managing director, as saying at a meeting, "We do all of the extraordinary renditions flights—you know, the torture flights. ... Let's face it, some of those flights end up that way... It certainly pays well."
On November 16, 2006, Amnesty International staged a demonstration in front of the company's International Trip and Flight Planning Office in San Jose, California to protest their involvement in the rendition program. In December 2006 representatives of the South Bay Mobilization for Peace and Justice group asked the San Jose City Council to remove a Jeppesen banner from a city skating rink. The group also holds a weekly vigil at the company's offices.
ACLU lawsuit.
On May 30, 2007, the ACLU sued Jeppesen on behalf of five plaintiffs who had been tortured in Morocco, Egypt and a United States base in Afghanistan. The suit alleged that, since 2001, Jeppesen provided support for at least seventy flights for the CIA's secret extraordinary rendition program, transporting prisoners overseas to be tortured. The suit was dismissed in February 2008 on a motion from the United States government, on the theory that proceeding with the case would reveal state secrets and endanger relations with other nations that had cooperated.
On September 8, 2010, in a 6–5 en banc ruling, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the suit, and the ACLU filed an appeal with the Supreme Court in December 2010.
On May 16, 2011, the Supreme Court declined to review the decision of the Ninth Circuit to dismiss the case.

</doc>
<doc id="21527371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527371" title="Woyneab Miraf Wondwossen">
Woyneab Miraf Wondwossen

Wayna (Woyneab Miraf Wondwossen) (born 1980s) is an Ethiopian-American singer, whose song "Lovin You (music)” was nominated for a Grammy for best urban/alternative performance. She attended University of Maryland, College Park and double majored in English and Speech Communications. She went on to serve as one of the first Ethiopian-American researchers at the White House under Former President Bill Clinton. Wayna soon received several opportunities to travel as a soloist with the gospel choir all the while unearthing her talent in singing. But it was after being invited to perform at her university’s annual tradition, "A Tribute to African Women", that Wayna ended up writing the ballad that became her first original piece performed for an audience.

</doc>
<doc id="21527375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527375" title="Wünsch DIR was">
Wünsch DIR was

"Wünsch DIR was" (roughly "Make a wish"; lit. "Wish YOURSELF something") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the second single and the thirteenth track from the album "Kauf MICH!".
The intro of the song is sung by the children's choir "Mosquito" from the music school in Meerbusch.
The song is generally about hope for a better world and anticipation of a time, when wishing helps again.
Music video.
The video was directed by Hans Neleman. It features scenes on a beach and at a funfair; also various circus freaks are shown.

</doc>
<doc id="21527377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527377" title="Liberty Tree (disambiguation)">
Liberty Tree (disambiguation)

Liberty Tree or Tree of Liberty can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21527382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527382" title="Kapchagay">
Kapchagay

Kapchagay (, ) is a city in Almaty Province of Kazakhstan. It is located on the Ili River, and has been built along with the construction of Kapchagay Dam on that river in the 1960s. The dam has formed Kapchagay Reservoir (a.k.a. Lake Kapchagay), a popular weekend destination for beach-goers from Almaty. Population: 

</doc>
<doc id="21527387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527387" title="2002 Barrow-in-Furness legionellosis outbreak">
2002 Barrow-in-Furness legionellosis outbreak

The 2002 Barrow-in-Furness Legionnaires' disease outbreak was a fatal outbreak of Legionellosis which occurred in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England. It was and still remains among the worst such outbreaks in history. 
The first fatality occurred on 2 August 2002. The source of the bacteria was later found to be from steam coming out of a badly maintained air conditioning unit. The system was located in the council-run arts centre Forum 28, with the vent emitting the disease over a busy alleyway in the town centre. Ultimately seven people died and 172 cases were reported (a case fatality rate of around 4%), ranking as the second worst in British history and seventh worst globally by death count. 
The coroner for Furness and South Cumbria criticised the council for its failings with regard to health and safety at the conclusion of an inquest into the seven deaths. In 2006, council employee Gillian Beckingham and employer Barrow Borough Council were cleared of seven charges of manslaughter, but both admitted breaching the Health and Safety at Work Act. Beckingham, the council senior architect ultimately responsible for health and safety at the centre, was fined £15,000 and the authority £125,000. The borough council was the first public body in the country to have faced corporate manslaughter charges.

</doc>
<doc id="21527401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527401" title="Françoise Pitel">
Françoise Pitel

Françoise "Fanchon" Pitel de Longchamp (17 January 1662 – 30 September 1721) was a French actress. She retired from the theater in 1701 and became a mistress of Louis, "le Grand Dauphin", by whom she had three daughters.
She was born on January 17, 1662, in Grenoble to Henri Pitel de Longchamp and Charlotte Legrand. Her father, mother, maternal grandfather, sister (Anne) and brother-in-law were all actors. Her uncle Jean Patin (1635-1709), also an actor, was married to Jeanne Beauval, an actress who was famous for her contagious laughter.
On November 27, 1679, she married the talented French actor Jean-Baptiste Raisin (born 1656 in Troyes, died 1693). Over the course of their fourteen-year marriage, she bore him eight children. After his death in September 1693, she became a mistress of Louis de Bourbon, Dauphin of France and had three daughters by him:
She died on September 30, 1721, in Vignats.

</doc>
<doc id="21527410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527410" title="Kilmonivaig">
Kilmonivaig

Kilmonivaig () is a small village, situated close to the southeast end of Loch Lochy in Spean Bridge, Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Fort William lies approximately 15 miles southwest of Kilmonivaig.

</doc>
<doc id="21527420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527420" title="Coleman Mellett">
Coleman Mellett

Coleman Mellett (May 27, 1974 – February 12, 2009) was an American jazz guitarist in Chuck Mangione's band. He had been scheduled to play with Mangione and the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra on February 13, 2009, but was killed the night before in the crash of Colgan Air Flight 3407 together with fellow band member Gerry Niewood. He was 34.
Mellett lived in East Brunswick Township, New Jersey, with his wife, jazz singer Jeanie Bryson, daughter of Dizzy Gillespie.
Mellett joined Mangione's band in 1999. In 2007 he released his first solo album "Natural High".

</doc>
<doc id="21527422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527422" title="Peter Brust">
Peter Brust

Peter J. Brust (November 4, 1869 – June 22, 1946) was an American architect, and fellow of the American Institute of Architects, who practiced his craft from approximately 1893 to 1946, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Brust designed hundreds of residential, ecclesiastical (churches, convents, chapels, monasteries, rectories, and seminaries), business, school, medical, public, memorial, recreation, and theater commissions. In 1906, Peter Brust partnered with Richard Philipp and formed the architecture firm of Brust & Philipp. By the 1920s, the firm was the largest architectural firm in Wisconsin. In 1938, Peter Brust established the firm of Brust & Brust with his sons John and Paul. The firm remained in that name until 1973 when it became Brust-Zimmerman.
The residential designs of Peter Brust were overwhelmingly influenced by Old English architecture. Brust didn't intend to bring medieval architecture to Milwaukee, but rather bring the best of English tradition and infuse into his designs. The English influence on house design was felt across America from the 1880s into the 1940s. The Tudor Revival craze (influenced by wealthy Americans) hit Milwaukee in the 1920s and 1930s, which Brust & Phillip capitalized on. Brust's commissions have been placed on the National Register of Historic Places (exemplified by Riverbend ), given landmark status by the Milwaukee Historic Preservation Commission (exemplified by St. Joseph's Chapel ). In addition, numerous Brust commissions were featured in "Western Architecture" throughout the 1910s, 1920s, and 1930s.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="21527432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527432" title="Magic Kingdom on Ice">
Magic Kingdom on Ice

Magic Kingdom on Ice (full title: "Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom on Ice") is a Disney on Ice show produced by Irvin and Kenneth Feld. It first opened in 1983.
Plot.
A Disneyliner airplane lands in the Magic Kingdom with a planeload of tourists, all happy to be there, save for one: Mr. Lito, who had inadvertently boarded the wrong plane; he originally planned to go to Hawaii, with a connecting flight in Alaska.
Pilot Mickey Mouse disembarks from the plane as Minnie Mouse informs him of Mr. Lito's predicament. So Mickey decides to remedy that. He gathers together the other Disney characters (including Donald and Daisy Duck, Goofy and Pluto) to plan things out. However, while that is happening, Captain Hook and Mr. Smee notice that Mr. Lito has a special Mickey Mouse watch and swipe it from him. Mr. Lito will not leave the Magic Kingdom without it and so heads off in hot pursuit of the thieves.
Mickey quickly discovers Mr. Lito gone and Snow White informs him of everything that has happened. Mickey and friends then decide to find Mr. Lito.
The chase leads to Alice's Wonderland, where the Unbirthday Party is taking place. When Mickey asks the Queen of Hearts to help out, she just dismisses the request as being to help someone who was a fool. They see Alice meeting with the Caterpillar. She remarks that everything is getting "curiouser and curiouser". The search party then asks the grinning Cheshire Cat on the whereabouts of either Mr. Lito or Captain Hook, the cat just keeps grinning and says nothing.
Having failed to find Mr. Lito or Captain Hook in Wonderland, the search party go on a high-seas adventure with the Pirates of the Caribbean. The Pirate King and his crew agree to help the search party find Mr. Lito and Hook in exchange for them joining his crew for a party to celebrate a successful treasure find. They consent. But as they celebrate, Mickey discovers Hook and Smee nearby, as well as Mr. Lito, they fight over the watch, but the search party and the pirate crew successfully return the watch to Mr. Lito, after which there is much celebration. As they head back to the airport, however, Hook tricks Mickey out of the watch and the chase resumes.
Now the chase leads to Frontierland, where Mickey and company encounter Chip 'n' Dale. They also encounter an Indian brave who, like the Pirate King, agrees to help with the search for Mr. Lito, Captain Hook and the watch. With the courage of their Indian friends, and Pluto's keen nose, too, they rediscover Hook, Mr. Lito and the watch. They celebrate in Frontierland, as Mickey and company, the braves, Indian maidens and cowboys all engage in a powwow.

</doc>
<doc id="21527444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527444" title="Fox Sports Houston">
Fox Sports Houston

Fox Sports Houston was a regional sports network that covered sports in Houston, Texas. The network operated out of Downtown Houston.
Fox Sports Houston was the home for the Houston Astros (MLB), Houston Rockets (NBA), Houston Dynamo (MLS) plus Houston Cougars (NCAA) and Rice Owls (NCAA) coverage of the Conference USA athletic conference. It also featured local Houston-area high school sports.
Beginning as a subfeed of sister network Fox Sports Southwest in 2005, the network became its own 24-hour channel on January 12, 2009. On October 5, 2012, the network was reabsorbed into Fox Sports Southwest, after it lost the broadcast rights of the Houston Astros and Houston Rockets to Comcast SportsNet Houston. 
History.
A separate FSN feed for Houston and the surrounding area began in 2005, just as the Astros and Rockets were working together to establish their own local sports network with the city's then-dominant cable television provider, Time Warner Cable. For the better part of two seasons (2003–2005), all Rockets games not nationally televised on cable were only available on over-the-air television, splitting games between KNWS-TV and the then-KHWB (now KIAH). Working out with the new deal with the Astros and Rockets, FSN decided to establish a completely separate feed for Houston and its surrounding outer television markets, however just operating evenings and weekends, while the Fox Sports Southwest brand continues to air in the rest of the dayparts. In addition to Astros and Rockets telecasts, FSN Houston also broadcast games featuring the University of Houston and Rice University football and basketball teams, and local high school sports. The channel also featured a Houston-branded edition of the "Southwest Sports Report", the network's nightly sports news and highlights program. Fox Sports Houston produced Rockets and Astros games for co-owned KTXH.
On January 12, 2009, Fox Sports Houston split from Fox Sports Southwest and re-launched as a 24 hour stand-alone channel. The new feed allowed the station to provide more local content and have its own identity, as well as show replays of Houston Rockets and Astros games, which the station had not been able to do before, according to Ramon Alvarez, spokesman for Fox Sports Houston. It also allowed for more extensive Houston Texans coverage. Previously, Fox Sports Southwest’s Dallas feed was carried in Houston for most non-event programming. 
Loss of broadcast rights and re-absorption into Fox Sports Southwest.
Fox Sports Houston's partnership with the Rockets ended after the 2011-12 NBA season, and their partnership with the Astros ended after the 2012 MLB season. Comcast SportsNet Houston, which launched on October 1, began its reign as the home to both teams soon after. It was announced on October 2, 2012 that Fox Sports Houston would be shut down on October 5, and reabsorbed into Irving-based Fox Sports Southwest, resulting in some layoffs. Longtime network personality Patti Smith remains with Fox to host Texans programming, while Kevin Eschenfelder left the network in late September to join CSN Houston. Greg Lucas did not continue with Fox and initially, it was unclear if he would join CSN Houston, which he did not.

</doc>
<doc id="21527460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527460" title="Bill Stellbauer">
Bill Stellbauer

William Jennings "Bill" Stellbauer (March 20, 1894 to February 16, 1974), was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He batted and threw right-handed. Stellbauer had a .271 batting average in 25 games, 13 hits in 48 at-bats, in his one year career. 
He was born in Bremond, Texas and died in New Braunfels, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21527494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527494" title="Thomas Harding (writer)">
Thomas Harding (writer)

Thomas Harding (born 1968) is a British/American non-fiction author, journalist, and former documentary maker.
Harding was educated at the independent Westminster School in London and then Corpus Christi, Cambridge, where he studied anthropology and political science. He worked in television and journalism before becoming an author.
Non-fiction.
His book "Hanns and Rudolf: The German Jew and the Hunt for the Kommandant of Auschwitz" was published in 2013 by Random House (UK), Simon & Schuster (USA), and translated into ten languages. The book was a national bestseller in the UK, Italy and Israel and a critical success in the US. Hanns and Rudolf was chosen as a "Book of the Year" for 2013 in "The Times", "Sunday Times", "The Guardian", "The Observer", "Daily Telegraph" and "New Statesman".
Hanns and Rudolf was shortlisted for the 2013 Costa Book Awards. The judges wrote that the book is “A beautifully-balanced double biography, admirably measured but also gripping in its telling, which offers a fresh perspective on a much-examined subject”.
Writing in "The Times", Ben Macintyre said, 'Meticulously researched and deeply felt, Hanns and Rudolf is written with a suppressed fury at the vicious moral emptiness of men like Höss, who were only following order'. In the Sunday Times, Max Hastings wrote, ‘This is a remarkable book, which deserves a wide readership even among those who think they are bored with the Holocaust'. In the Wall Street Journal, Ian Brunskill also praised the book, 'An enthralling, thoughtful book—part history, part biography, part thriller'. The book has been heralded by authors of the thriller genre. John Le Carré said it was 'A gripping thriller, an unspeakable crime, an essential history, a scrupulously dispassionate narrator.' While Frederick Forsyth said of the book, ‘An extraordinary tale deriving from meticulous research – the story of how a Jew after 1945 almost single-handed hunted down the Kommandant of Auschwitz.’
His next book "Kadian Journal", will be published in July 2014 
Journalism.
Harding has written for numerous newspapers including "The Guardian", "The Sunday Times", "The Independent", and "The Financial Times". He also co-hosted a political talk show on WEPM (Martinsburg, West Virginia).
In December 2006 he became co-owner and publisher of "The Observer" newspaper, West Virginia. In February 2010 he was awarded the West Virginia Journalist of the Year by the Justice Association of West Virginia.
In September 2010, the Shepherdstown Observer paper won a Freedom of Information Act case before the WV Supreme Court which resulted in referendum petitions being released to the paper. During Harding's time as publisher the circulation of the paper quadrupled from 6000 to 25000. In July 2010 he sued the WV Secretary of State over a gag order. In October of the same year, criminal charges against him were dropped for taking a photograph in a polling station. In 2010 and 2011 he worked with John Doyle, a delegate in the West Virginia House of Delegates, to get West Virginia's first ever law passed to protect reporters' privilege from revealing their sources. In March 2011 this law was passed by the West Virginia House and Senate. In March 2011 he sold his interest in the paper to editor David Lillard. In June 2012 Judge Bloom granted Harding victory in the case Harding v Natalie Tennant. in which he claimed that the WV Secretary of State was gagging him as a journalist.
Videos and documentaries.
Before moving to the USA, Harding co-founded and managed the environmental and social justice production company Undercurrents (news). During his time at the company Underurrents won awards at Okomedia, Tokyo Video Festival, Paris Environmental Film Festival, London Environment Film Festival, among others, and it became known for covering stories not covered by others news organizations. Undercurrents became part of the DIY culture and general protest upswing in the 1990s. and was the inspiration for an entire generation of committed video journalists.
He and his wife were joint CEOs and co-founders of Oxford Channel one of the first local terrestrial television stations in the UK. It was purchased by Milestone Group in 2001 but is no longer operational. During this time Harding founded Local Television Training that trained over three hundred young disadvantaged people from Oxford and surrounding areas in broadcast journalism. Many of these graduated and work currently in UK television. He also co-founded Tom, Dick and Debbie Productions, a local television advertising company.
Harding is credited with coining the phrase "video activism."
While in the USA, he co-founded the American Conservation Film Festival (ACFF), in partnership with the National Conservation Training Center in Shepherdstown, WVa.
Personal life.
Harding met his wife, Debora Harding, in 1987 when they cycled across the USA together as part of Bike Aid this came at the end of a year-long ride by Harding, Four Corners World Bike Ride, to raise awareness of Appropriate Technology and the work of Intermediate Technology Development Group. He cycled over 10,000 miles with three others from La Paz, Bolivia, across the USA (with Bike Aid) and back to Europe.
Harding splits his time between the USA and UK, he is father to two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21527509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527509" title="Josh Larsen">
Josh Larsen

Josh Larsen (born May 12, 1972) is a former American motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of the winning American 1993 Speedway World Team Cup team, rode in the 1994 World Individual Speedway Final and in the 1995 Speedway Grand Prix as permanent rider.
Career.
JOSH LARSEN first came to ride in Europe for Arena Essex in the English league, upon the 'Hammers' elevation to the First Division in 1992. He'd been widely touted as the latest sensation to come out of the United States - a reputation he'd more than live up to come the end of his two initial seasons with the club. 
Josh started the season in the reserve berth, proving a useful man to have in that position and putting all of his small track experience to good use around the Arena-Essex Raceway. 
Josh made real progress in 1993, though, when he built upon his debutant year to improve his average significantly. He was a match winner on multiple occasions, scoring countless 5-1's at home alongside Hammers no.1 rider Leigh Adams and helping the USA to World Team Cup victory at Coventry. Josh was so popular that a coach load of Hammers fans travelled to the Czech Republic to cheer him on in the World Under-21 championship - a meeting which was eventually won by Mikael Karlsson (now Max) with Josh finishing sixth. 
But come 1994 and Larsen dropped a bombshell on the Hammers - he was staying at home to train as a fireman. It was a devastating blow for the club, particularly as the side were forced to start the season without a recognised third heat leader. Josh continued to ride in the US and in world championship rounds - he made his world final debut at Vojens that year, finishing high enough up the leader board to qualify for the inaugural Grand Prix series in 1995. 
With Josh a fully fledged GP rider and faced with a busy European season, he returned 'home' to Arena-Essex in '95. Sadly for both him and Hammers fans, a serious back injury sustained in Germany sidelined him for two months and put paid to his World Championship aspirations. 
Larsen moved with the promotion to the London Lions in 1996 and switched to Bradford in 1997 when the Hackney side shut, helping the Dukes to Elite League success. He stayed at home in 1998 before returning to Britain the following season to ride for Eastbourne. A long absence from Britain followed, by which time Josh was working as a camera assistant for a large US production company. 
An unrewarding spell at Belle Vue in 2003 looked to have signalled the end of Josh's UK racing aspirations - but the Hammers' membership of the Elite League in 2004 resulted in a third spell at Arena-Essex for the popular American when it was clear he was keen to return. 
Once he'd adapted to life back in Britain he proved a useful asset - but 2005 was a different story. He struggled for points early on and then fought a seemingly never-ending battle against injury - he hurt his back riding for his country; suffered a broken ankle against Coventry; and snapped his collarbone at Eastbourne to put a premature end to his season and - to date - his British career.
Career details.
World (European) U-21 Championship
Speedway World Team Cup

</doc>
<doc id="21527539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527539" title="Jean Gillon">
Jean Gillon

Jean Gillon (1919–2007) was a Brazilian furniture designer.
Born in Iaşi, Romania, he studied fine arts in Iaşi and took an architecture degree in Bucharest in 1942. He moved to Brazil in 1956, and in 1958 he founded Italma / Wood Art, a firm which produced furniture and household objects from local Brazilian hardwoods.

</doc>
<doc id="21527541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527541" title="Azienda Trasporti Milanesi">
Azienda Trasporti Milanesi

Azienda Trasporti Milanesi (ATM) is a public company, responsible for public transportation in Milan city and some surrounding municipalities, in Italy. It operates 18 tram lines, part of which are run with Peter Witt streetcars from the 1920s, 82 urban Bus lines, 4 Trolleybus lines, 35 interurban Bus lines, 4 underground lines (Metropolitana di Milano), carrying over 734 million passengers in 2010.
ATM offers also other minor services mainly related to transportation around the city. These services include Radiobus, an on-call minibus service; the light railway linking the San Raffaele Hospital with the line 2 underground; the Como–Brunate funicular railway; GuidaMi car sharing and BikeMi bike sharing services.
History.
Public transport in Milan started on August 17, 1840, with the opening of the Milan-Monza railway. Horse-drawn buses were introduced in 1841.
Services were run by the "Società Anonima degli Omnibus" (SAO), "Omnibus Anonymous Company". The company was responsible for 11 bus lines between 1861 and 1865.
Few years later the first horse-drawn trams were introduced: 3 lines were opened in 1881 followed in 1893 by the first electric tramway, built by Edison company. Two years later the same company opened 18 more lines, all ruled by municipality offices. Edison's concession on new lines expired in 1917, leaving all the operations to the municipality. Few years later the public offices responsible for public transport operations were made independent, becoming the "Azienda Tranviaria Municipale" (ATM) in 1931.
In the meantime, the first petrol powered bus lines were introduced in 1905, operated by SITA ("Società Italiana Trasporto con Automobili") and then moved under control of ATM along with the first trolleybus line (1933).
After World War II resources were focused on bus lines and, since the mid-1950s, on the new metro. Milan Metro construction began in 1957 and in 1964 the first line was opened. Five years later the Line 2 was inaugurated.
On 1 January 1965, ATM changed its name to "Azienda Trasporti Municipali" ("Municipal Transport Company"). In these years a new generation of longer tram (jumbotram) were introduced. In the 1960s Italy and Milan saw a strong increase in car owners, and the increasing importance of private over public transport.
Several new stations of the two metro lines are opened in the following years. The new Line 3 was inaugurated in 1990.
Tram line 15 to Rozzano was the first to go beyond the city border in 1992.
ATM changed its name again in 1999 to adopt the current one, "Azienda Trasporti Milanesi", and it became a S.p.a. in 2001. In these years, the first on-demand service, the Radiobus, was introduced to operate during the night.
The first fast tram line (Line 7) was introduced on 7 December 2002. This was followed by other 2 on 8 December 2003: Line 4 on the north and Line 15 on the south.
New magnetic tickets and electronic pass cards were introduced in 2004. The complete upgrade process took 3 years.
Network.
Rapid transit.
The Milan rapid transit network consists of 4 lines:
The network is more than long and serves 103 stations, mainly underground. The system has a daily ridership of over 1 million and is the biggest in Italy.
ATM also manages the Copenhagen Metro.
Tram Lines.
The urban tram network comprises 15 lines fully within the city limits (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 12, 14, 16, 19, 23, 24, 27, 33), plus 2 lines linking the city centre with the hinterland (15 Milan-Rozzano, 31 Milan-Cinisello Balsamo), plus 1 interurban line (179 Milan-Limbiate).
Trolleybuses.
The trolleybus network consists of 4 lines: lines 90 and 91 (known as "la circolare", "Circle line") run around the city, while lines 92 and 93 serve some of the northern and eastern neighbourhoods.
Buses.
ATM operates 82 urban bus lines and 35 interurban bus lines.

</doc>
<doc id="21527550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527550" title="Kinlocheil">
Kinlocheil

Kinlochiel () is a hamlet on the north west shore of Loch Eil in Lochaber, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="21527565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527565" title="Nor-Alta Aviation">
Nor-Alta Aviation

Nor-Alta Aviation is a charter airline based in Fort Vermilion, High Level, and Fort McMurray, Alberta. Originally founded in 1986 as Little Red Air Service, Nor-Alta Aviation provides on-demand charter services to the communities of the Little Red River Cree Nation as well as to various other companies throughout northern Alberta. Nor-Alta Aviation also provides Air Ambulance services under contract from Alberta Health Services.
History.
Nor-Alta Aviation began in 1986 as Little Red Air Service and at the time was owned and operated by the Little Red River Cree Nation. The purpose at the time was to provide passenger charter and air ambulance services between the communities of Fox Lake, John D'Or Prairie, and Garden River, Alberta. As the company expanded it began to offer additional charter services throughout northern Alberta and western Canada. Later on, LRAS secured a contract from the Alberta provincial government to provide air ambulance services from Fort Vermilion.
Nor-Alta Aviation Leasing Inc. was formed in 2004 for the purpose of leasing aircraft to Little Red Air Service. These additional aircraft allowed LRAS to augment its air ambulance fleet and add executive charters to its list of services. In 2006, the two companies entered into a management agreement, and Nor-Alta Aviation Leasing proceeded to purchase the assets of LRAS. The new company became known as Nor-Alta Aviation and was headed by a group of local entrepreneurs from the nearby community of La Crete. 
In the summer of 2010, Nor-Alta Aviation expanded its operations to Fort McMurray, Alberta after the grounding of Air Mikisew.
The current focus of Nor-Alta Aviation continues to be the Alberta Air Ambulance program as well as passenger and freight charters throughout northern Alberta.
Destinations.
Nor-Alta Aviation currently does not offer any scheduled air services. Frequent destinations for charter flights include the communities of the Little Red River Cree Nation, as well as Fort Chipewyan, Fort McMurray, Grande Prairie, Edmonton, and several fishing lodges and oil camps throughout northern Alberta.
Fleet.
As of January 2011 Nor-Alta Aviation has the following aircraft registered with Transport Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="21527593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527593" title="Nathaniel Pettes">
Nathaniel Pettes

Nathaniel Pettes (April 21, 1816 – October 20, 1889) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Brome in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Brome Township, Lower Canada, the son of Charles Pettes and Desire West. In 1844, he married Narcissa Ferrand. Pettes was a general merchant in Brome. He was a school commissioner and secretary-treasurer for the municipal council. Pettes also served as warden for Brome County and was a director of the South Eastern Railway and the Canada Central Railway. Pettes died in Knowlton, Quebec at the age of 73.
The Pettes Memorial Library, the first free rural public library in Quebec, was built in 1893 by Pettes' wife Narcissa in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="21527599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527599" title="Colgan Air Flight 9446">
Colgan Air Flight 9446

Colgan Air Flight 9446 was a repositioning flight operated by Colgan Air for US Airways Express. On August 26, 2003 a Beech 1900D on the route hit the water 100 yards off of the shore of Yarmouth, Massachusetts, United States shortly after taking off from Barnstable Municipal Airport in Yarmouth. Captain Scott Knabe and First Officer Steven Dean died. The plane was bound for Albany, New York, U.S.
The U.S. NTSB incident summary is as follows:
The National Transportation Safety Board determines the probable cause(s) of this accident as follows:
The NTSB full narrative is also available.

</doc>
<doc id="21527609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527609" title="William E. Slemmons">
William E. Slemmons

William E. Slemmons was a prominent 19th century clergyman and academic in Western Pennsylvania.
Slemmons was born in Cadiz, Ohio on December 1, 1855. He graduated from Princeton University in 1877 and from the Western Theological Seminary (now Pittsburgh Theological Seminary) in 1887. He earned a Doctor of Divinity from Grove City College in 1900 and W&J awarded him an honorary Doctor of Laws degree in 1936.
He gave the Master's Oration at the Princeton commencement in 1880, a speech entitled "Literary and Academic Exclusiveness." The New York Times called it an "extremely practical view of the caste feeling existing between high institutions of learning and the common every-day world."
In 1894, while serving as a pastor in Mercer Second Presbyterian Church, Slemmons was a delegate for the Pennsylvania Synod to the 106th General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States. He served on the Church Erection Committee and was involved in a protest against a declaration against a resolution from the "Committee on Temperance"
declaring "no political party has the right to expect the support of Christian men so long as the party...refuses to put itself on record against the saloon."
He served as President Pro Tem. of Washington & Jefferson College from May 1918 to June 1919. He served as a trustee of the Board of Trustees for 38 years and on W&J's faculty as adjunct professor of Biblical Literature from 1919 to 1935. He retired from full-time teaching in 1935, but he continued teaching two philosophy courses until his death on September 4, 1939 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="21527615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527615" title="FBI National Academy">
FBI National Academy

The FBI Academy, located on Marine Corps Base Quantico in Quantico, Virginia, is the training site for new Special Agents and Intelligence Analysts of the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. It was first opened for use in 1972 on 385 acres (1.6 km²) of woodland. It is a relatively small government academy, housing three dormitory buildings and associated facilities. Federal law enforcement officers from the FBI and Drug Enforcement Administration undergo training courses here. FBI agents currently have a 20-week long training course.
Facilities.
The main training complex has three dormitory buildings, a dining hall, library, a classroom building, a Forensic Science Research and Training Center, a 1,000-seat auditorium, a chapel, administrative offices, a large gymnasium and outside track, along with a fully equipped garage. In addition to the main complex, there is a mock city known as Hogan's Alley, which consists of facades replicating a small town. The Hogan's Alley facades are primarily used for FBI and Drug Enforcement Administration New Agent Training, while behind the facades are fully functioning classrooms, audio-visual facilities, storage areas, and administrative and maintenance offices. Just beyond Hogan's Alley is a 1.1-mile pursuit driving/defensive driving training track. The extensive firearms training provided to all FBI/DEA and other law enforcement officers is conducted at the indoor firing range, the eight outdoor firing ranges, four skeet ranges, or the 200-yard rifle range. The FBI Academy is a secured facility and, as such, is not open to the public for tours.
Units.
The units that reside here are the "Field and Police Training Unit", "Firearms Training Unit", "Forensic Science Research and Training Center", "Technology Services Unit" (TSU), "Investigative Training Unit", "Law Enforcement Communication Unit", "Leadership and Management Science Unit's" (LSMU), "Outreach and Communications Unit" (OCU), "Physical Training Unit", "New Agents' Training Unit" (NATU), "Practical Applications Unit" (PAU), and the "Investigative Computer Training Unit" (ICTU). Most of these are "training" units for developing new field agents, but they are also used to help get other agents up to date on new techniques through in-service training.
Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU).
The Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) is a component of the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime (NCAVC) that uses behavioral sciences to assist in criminal investigations. The mission of the NCAVC and the BAUs is to provide behavioral based investigative and/or operational support by applying case experience, research, and training to complex and time-sensitive crimes, typically involving acts or threats of violence.
Technology Services Unit (TSU).
The Technology Services Unit is a part of the FBI Training Division as well as being the host to a number of technological services which aid in the instruction of new agents. Such services include the following: Audio/Visual services, Engineering Technology Services, The FBI Training Network (FBITN), Graphic Services, Information Technology Services (ITS), Photography Services, and Video Services.
The Forensic Science Research and Training Center.
The Forensic Science Research and Training Center is considered a world-class forensic laboratory, as well as a world-class center for forensic studies in the areas of biochemistry, genetics, chemistry, and physics.
The FBI National Academy.
The FBI National Academy is an independent program for U.S. and international law enforcement leaders. The program focuses on leadership and the administration of justice in state and local law enforcement. The National Academy conducts four ten week sessions each year for groups of American and international law enforcement executives.

</doc>
<doc id="21527620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527620" title="Biagi">
Biagi

Biagi can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21527666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527666" title="SDYuSShOR-Misto Kharkiv">
SDYuSShOR-Misto Kharkiv

SDYuSShOR-Misto Kharkiv (; tr. " Spetsializovana Dytyache-Yunats'ka Sportyvna Shkola Olimpiys'kogo Rezervu"; ) are an ice hockey team based in Kharkiv, Ukraine.
History.
SDYuSShOR-Misto Kharkiv was founded in 2008 upon the merger of two teams: the Kharkiv hockey school SDYuSShOR-92, and the top regional amateur club Misto Kharkiv. The merger was designed so as to amplify the development of the Olympic Reserve team's youth with the injection of the better skilled Misto players.
In May 2008, the two teams were finalists in the annual Open Championship of Kharkiv hockey tournament, with Misto eventually sweeping the two-legged match finals. In the following Dnipro Cup (Tradepoint Cup-7), Misto finished 2nd, losing in the finals to Russian Major League team HC Belgorod. This achievement made Misto the de facto top amateur club in Ukraine, and by virtue of the unification of the Ukrainian League divisions, the informal champion of the First League.

</doc>
<doc id="21527677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527677" title="SM UB-42">
SM UB-42

SM "UB-42" was a Type UB II submarine or U-boat for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. "UB-42" operated in the Mediterranean and the Black Seas during the war. She was broken up at Malta in 1920.
"UB-42" was ordered in July 1915 and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in September. "UB-42" was in length and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. She was equipped to carry a complement of four torpedoes for her two bow torpedo tubes and had an deck gun. As part of a group of six submarines selected for Mediterranean service, "UB-42" was broken into railcar sized components and shipped to Pola where she was assembled, launched and commissioned in March 1916.
In 21 patrols during the war, "UB-42" sank ten ships of , captured one 97-ton vessel as a prize, and damaged a British . In October 1916, "UB-42" delivered five Georgians who had gold to help finance a Georgian independence movement. After the surrender of the Ottoman Empire in late October 1918, "UB-42" fled to Sevastopol, where she was surrendered in November. "UB-42" was taken to Malta, where she was broken up in 1920.
Design and construction.
The German UB II design improved upon the design of the UB I boats, which had been ordered in September 1914. In service, the UB I boats were found to be too small and too slow. A major problem was that, because they had a single propeller shaft/engine combo, if either component failed, the U-boat became almost totally disabled. To rectify this flaw, the UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines (one shaft for each engine), which also increased the U-boat's top speed. The new design also included more powerful batteries, larger torpedo tubes, and a deck gun. As a UB II boat, "U-47" could also carry twice the torpedo load of her UB I counterparts, and nearly ten times as much fuel. To contain all of these changes the hull was larger, and the surface and submerged displacement was more than double that of the UB I boats.
The German Imperial Navy ordered "UB-42" from AG Weser of Bremen on 31 July 1915 as one of a series of six UB II boats (numbered from "UB-42" to ). "UB-42" was long and abeam. She had a single hull with saddle tanks and had a draft of when surfaced. She displaced while submerged but only on the surface.
The submarine was equipped with twin diesel engines and twin electric motors—for surfaced and submerged running, respectively—that drove twin propeller shafts. "UB-42" had a surface speed of up to and could go as fast as while underwater. The U-boat could carry up to of diesel fuel, giving her a range of at . Her electric motors and batteries provided a range of at while submerged.
"UB-42" was equipped with two bow torpedo tubes and could carry four torpedoes. The U-boat was also armed with a SK L/40 deck gun.
"UB-42" was laid down on 3 September 1915. As one of six U-boats selected for service in the Mediterranean while under construction, "UB-42" was broken into railcar-sized components and shipped overland to the Austro-Hungarian port of Pola. Shipyard workers from Weser assembled the boat and her five sisters at Pola, where she was launched on 4 March 1916.
Service career.
SM "UB-42" was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 23 March 1916 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Fritz Wernicke. "UB-42", Wernicke's first U-boat command, was assigned to the Navy's Pola Flotilla (). Although the flotilla was based in Pola, the site of the main Austro-Hungarian Navy base, boats of the flotilla operated out of the Austro-Hungarian base at Cattaro which was located farther south and closer to the Mediterranean. German U-boats typically returned to Pola only for repairs. The first months of service for "UB-42" proved unsuccessful; the U-boat sank no ships while in the Pola Flotilla.
After Germany's conquest of Romania (see "Romania during World War I"), the German Imperial Navy had sufficient fuel oil for submarines located in the Black Sea. "UB-42" and three of her sister ships in the Pola Flotilla were ordered to Constantinople and, en route, had to navigate through the Dardanelles, which had been heavily mined by the Allies in the middle of 1916. "UB-42" joined the Constantinople Flotilla () on 16 August.
The German submarines in the Black Sea accomplished little, sinking only six ships between August 1916 and the end of the year. "UB-42" sank half of the six in September and October. On 3 September, Wernicke and "UB-42" achieved their first success when they sank the Russian transport "Peter Darcy" in the Black Sea. The 731-ton ship was headed from Constantza to Odessa when torpedoed by "UB-42". The 150-ton Russian vessel "St. Nikolei" was sunk at the entrance to Karkinit Bay on 5 October, and the 2,891-ton "Czarita" was sunk two weeks later off Cape Midia.
In April 1917, "UB-42" was operating in the Mediterranean when she made attacks on three ships. On 14 April, Wernicke torpedoed the British off Alexandria, damaging the 1,200 t vessel. Two days later, "UB-42" sank the 86-ton Egyptian sailing ship off Gaza and, a week after that, sank a 15-ton Italian sailing vessel, "Boro", east of Rhodes in the Aegean Sea.
On 14 May, Wernicke was succeeded by Kapitänleutnant Kurt Schwarz as commander of "UB-42". The 27-year-old Schwarz, who had previously commanded the Type UB I boat , led "UB-42" to sink her largest ship, , on 24 June. The 8,912-ton former Leyland Line steamer was in use as a troopship, carrying 800 troops and horses when Schwarz sent her down southeast of Skyros in the Aegean. Three of "Cestrian"s crewmen died in the attack and, according to R. H. Gibson and Maurice Prendergast, "splendid discipline" among the embarked troops was the sole reason that none were lost.
In early October, "UB-42" had returned to the Black Sea, when she was ordered to deliver five Georgians with gold to finance a Georgian independence movement. While remaining in the Black Sea, "UB-42" sank the sailing ships "Agios Georgios" on 10 October, and "Francesco Patrino" in November. On 22 November, she torpedoed the 1,086-ton "Siracusy" while the latter was at anchor off the Georgian coast. "UB-46" also shelled Tuapse while in the northern Black Sea.
Kapitänleutnant Erich von Rohrscheidt assumed command of "UB-42" on 6 April 1918, and six week later, led the U-boat in capturing the motor sailing vessel "Sergij" as a prize six weeks later off Novorossisk. In September, Kapitänleutnant Hans Georg Lübbe (who had succeeded Herbert Nolde after his two-month stint as commander of "UB-42") led the U-boat in sinking her final ship. On the night of 7/8 September, the 1,833-ton Italian steamer "Vicenza" was sent down south of Salonica. "UB-42"s commanding officer was changed twice more before the end of the war, but the submarine sank no more ships.
After the signing of the Armistice of Mudros on 30 October ended the war for the Ottoman Empire, the four remaining U-boats of the Constantinople Flotilla—"UB-14", "UB-42", , and —fled to Sevastopol. There they were surrendered on 26 November. "UB-42" was broken up at Malta in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="21527687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527687" title="Democratic Movement for National Liberation">
Democratic Movement for National Liberation

The Democratic Movement for National Liberation (, abbreviated حدتو, HADITU, , abbreviated M.D.L.N.) was a communist organization in Egypt 1947-1955. HADITU was led by Henri Curiel. The movement followed a line of National Democratic Revolution.
HADITU was founded in July 1947 through the merger of two communist factions, the Egyptian Movement for National Liberation and Iskra. Soon after the foundation of HADITU, the organization had a membership of around 1,400, being the largest communist organization in Egypt at the time.
HADITU published a legal weekly newspaper, "al-Jamahir" (الجماهير, 'The Masses'). "Al-Jamahir" had a regular circulation of 7-8,000, but the circulation occasionally peaked to around 15,000. "Al-Jamahir" played an important role in the growth of HADITU. Free copies of the newspaper were handed out to workers at factories, and the newspaper became an important rallying point to spread the influence of the movement amongst industrial workers. The newspaper had a relatively high journalistic standard, with photographic essays and industrial exposures.
In early 1948 Curiel presented the paper 'The Line of National and Democratic Forces' to the HADITU Central Committee, a document that became an important point of reference in the organization. The document contained criticisms against the earlier leadership and political line of the Egyptian communist movement.
HADITU had a student front, the Communist Student League. HADITU also led the Preparatory Committee for an Egyptian Students Federation.
HADITU went through a series of splits. One of the first groups to break away from HADITU was the Revolutionary Bloc led by Shudi Atiya ash-Shafi (a split provoked by the non-inclusion of ash-Shafi in the HADITU Central Committee as the movement was reorganized. Ash-Shafi argued that HADITU had a bourgeois outlook). In April 1948 two HADITU splinter-groups, Toward a Bolshevik Organization and Voice of the Opposition, merged to form the Egyptian Communist Organisation. Another HADITU splinter-group was Toward an Egyptian Communist Party (NAHSHAM).
In the wake of the January 1950 election the political climate was normalized somewhat. The more open political environment enabled HADITU to work more effectively and expand its influence. HADITU was the most effective political force in the workers movement at the time, playing a leading role in various trade unions.
In the summer of 1950, Curiel was expelled from Egypt. Curiel was labelled as a 'foreigner', in spite of having held Egyptian citizenship for 15 years. In exile, Curiel settled down in Paris where he formed a HADITU branch of Egyptian-Jewish émigrés. The group became known as the 'Rome Group'. The Rome Group was able to secure some financial supplies to HADITU and translated HADITU documents into French and circulated them in Europe. Whilst Curiel formally remained as a HADITU Central Committee member, he no longer played any role in the decision-making of the organization and was not consulted on any major matters.
HADITU supported the 1952 coup d'état, being the only communist faction to do so. Several prominent figures in the Revolutionary Command Council and the Free Officers had links to HADITU. RCC member Yusuf Siddiq was a member of HADITU. Another RCC member, Khalid Muhyi ad-Din, had briefly been affiliated to HADITU in 1947. Whilst not a RCC member, HADITU member Ahmed Hamrush was a prominent figure in the Free Officers Movement. HADITU member Ahmed Fu'ad, a military judge, acted as a liaison between HADITU and Gamal Abdel Nasser. However, in retrospect it appears that HADITU overestimated its influence over the RCC. The RCC also contained followers of the Muslim Brotherhood, and neither HADITU nor the Brotherhood were in control over the revolution.
Towards the end of 1952, HADITU had around 2,000-3,000 members.
Other communist groups voiced fierce criticisms against the government in junction with the violent suppression of a strike in Kafr Dawar and the execution of two workers accused of being the leaders of the strike. After the executions of the two labour leaders, HADITU and non-communist trade unionists agitated in the working-class neighbourhoods of Alexandria and Kafr Dawar (in vehicles, with loudspeakers, borrowed from the army) calling on workers to remain calm. The support to the government after the Kafr Dawar crack-down affected the HADITU influence in the labour movement, and created internal rifts between the party and its trade union cadres.
In January 1953 the government closed down the legal press of HADITU. The Communist Student League took part some in militant protests against Nasser, but this was rebuked by HADITU. However HADITU reversed its policy of not criticizing the government in August 1953, as the government launched a crack-down on communist groups on the advice of the American embassy in Cairo.
1953-1955 was a period of disarray in HADITU. The organization was weakened over disputes on how to relate to the regime. The movement had difficulties in handling the rising Pan-Arabist nationalism. One sector favoured supporting the government, due to its pan-Arab orientation in foreign policy. In September 1954 there was a major crackdown on the organization, 25 of its cadres were arrested. In the same year Joyce Blau, who had functioned as the courier between Curiel's Rome Group and the party in Egypt was arrested. With her arrest, communication between the party in Egypt and the exiles was cut off.
Curiel's role was a bone of contention. In September 1952, the French communist daily "L'Humanité" published an article accusing Curiel of having had contacts with a Trotskyist informer during the Second World War. When HADITU attempted to conduct unity discussions with other communist factions, the issue of Curiel's membership (being tainted by the accusations in "L'Humanité") became a stumbling block.
In February 1955 HADITU merged with six other factions, forming the Unified Egyptian Communist Party. The Rome Group was not consulted or informed on the merger (although, once Curiel heard of the merger he and the rest of the Rome Group supported it). As the merger went through, the memberships of Curiel and HADITU leader Kamal Abd al-Halim (a close associate of Curiel) were suspended.

</doc>
<doc id="21527688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527688" title="Kilmorack">
Kilmorack

Kilmorack () is a small hamlet in Inverness-shire, in the Highlands of Scotland and now in the Highland Council area. It is situated on the north bank of the River Beauly, 3 miles west of Beauly and 15 miles west of the city of Inverness.
The river is part of the Affric-Beauly hydro-electric power scheme, with a dam and power station at Kilmorack.
It is home to the Kilmorack Gallery, founded by Tony Davidson in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="21527694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527694" title="Typhoon Caloy">
Typhoon Caloy

The name Caloy has been used in the Philippines by Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21527716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527716" title="Crackdown 2">
Crackdown 2

Crackdown 2 is a sandbox-style third-person shooter video game developed by Ruffian Games and published by Microsoft Game Studios. It was released on Xbox 360 in July 2010 and is a direct sequel to the 2007 video game "Crackdown".
Gameplay.
"Crackdown 2" is modeled similarly to its predecessor "Crackdown", a third-person shooter in open world game play. The player character is an advanced super-powered officer for the city-funded "Agency", known simply as the "Agent". This time around, players choose one of four faces and armor colours (eight colours if you pre-ordered it), instead of just the preset heads offered before. Along with that, the orbs have been carried on from the first game, and the Agent's powers are expanded and enhanced such as the Agility Skill which now allows the Agent to jump higher than in "Crackdown", glide, and gain access to the helicopter landing pad at the Agency Tower. The player is able to commandeer any number of vehicles in the game, including Agency vehicles, Peacekeeper Cruisers and a large number of civilian vehicles that the Cell have armor plated. Checkpoint races are back, both Road and Rooftop versions. Like "Crackdown", the game allows for on-line co-operative play in the main game, but now supports up to four players. The game also features competitive multiplayer modes for up to sixteen players. While the "Crackdown" supported System Link playing for co-op, "Crackdown 2" does not feature the same option. Microsoft Producer Peter Connelly stated: "It would've taken a half-day of work, for something that only a tiny percentage of gamers will ever use." In "Crackdown 2", the player fights both the Cell, a terrorist organization, and "Freaks," strange infected mutants. Both organizations' members can be killed with melee attacks, explosions, and bullets but there are special UV weapons made for the Freaks, who cannot survive in sunlight. There are five skills to be leveled up: Agility, which the player increases by collecting Agility Orbs and Renegade Agility Orbs, by doing Rooftop Races, or by killing enemies from a highly elevated location; Firearms, which is increased by shooting both handheld and mounted guns; Driving, which is increased by running enemies over, power slides, handbrake turns, completing Road Races, jumping through Stunt Rings and collecting Renegade Driving Orbs; Explosives, which is increased by using explosives, both Launchers and thrown Grenades; and Strength, which is increased by using hand-to-hand attacks, throwing objects, beating people with those objects, or using the moves you unlock as your Strength increases, such as the Charge or Ground Slam.
Multiplayer.
Multiplayer playlists include game modes such as Rocket Tag, Vehicle Tag, Capture the Orb, Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch.
A Co-op game type allows you to party up with up to 4 friends. In co-op, you can obtain special orbs known as "Online Orbs" or "Xbox Live Orbs" which give an overall bonus to all your skills. Co-op mode is similar to single player except the campaign missions will only advance for the player that hosts the game.
Plot.
A trailer was unveiled at E3 2009 revealing that the player-controlled Agent roams over Pacific City, which has fallen into anarchy, assisting the Agency in the battle for Pacific City against the Cell. An article from "Game Informer" magazine stated that Pacific City is infested with mutants from the research facility in "Crackdown". These mutants have overrun most of the former Shai-Gen territory and completely overrun the city at night. The remaining civilians, forming a group called The Cell, revolted against the Agency and the mutants. The Agents are tasked with sabotaging key Cell structures and raiding underground mutant tunnels.
In addition, a Webcomic Series started on May 19, 2010. Since its release, there have been 5 episodes, each showing a different part of the plot in "Crackdown 2".
"Crackdown 2" takes place 10 years after the events of "Crackdown". After "saving" Pacific City, there was a short time of peace. Then, according to the Agency, a new medical student named Catalina Thorne was accepted into the Agency as a scientist. However she was found to have been performing her own unauthorized experiments and was kicked out. Afterwards, her life was ruined, with her blaming the Agency. Later, she broke into the Agency cloning facility which housed the original agents, and introduced a virus into them which mutated the already genetically modified Agents, who became mindless and enraged, going on a killing spree before dying hours later. She then went on to destroy the research labs, sending the project back to square one and single-handedly destroying the Agent program.
Soon after, Catalina unleashed the "Freak" virus into the populace of Pacific City, turning the infected into mindless mutated monstrosities that kill anything they find. With no agents to combat them, the Agency and the city were left helpless as criminals also began to resurface in the absence of the agents and the weakness of the Agency. While the people were weaker and more desperate than ever, Catalina rallied their support, claiming the Agency has a cure for the virus but is keeping it secret. Desperate for hope, they formed the "Cell", a terrorist group devoted to destroying the Agency and making them give up the cure.
That's when the Agency unveiled Project Sunburst, in which a large bomb of direct sunlight is planted and detonated inside "Freak" lairs. The light is perfectly harmless to normal people, but the sunlight burns and destroys the Freaks. These bombs are dependent on generators to gather sunlight. Upon hearing of these generators and Project Sunburst, the Cell took over and stole the generators. The Agent must reactivate all of the absorption units, three per beacon for a total of twenty-seven. The Agent must visit each freak lair, summon air support with the beacon, and defend it against the freaks until it detonates.
During the final few beacons, Catalina Thorne hacks into the Agent's comm system and pleads with him to cease the beacon re-activations, but eventually is silenced by the Voice of the Agency. After the last beacon is detonated, the Agent must return to the Tower and activate the final beacon: the Tower itself. During the process, ex-agents turned into freaks, which were kept for research, break free and attack the three cores which must be defended by the Agent. After the beacon charges, Catalina herself attacks in a stolen and repainted Agency helicopter, firing at the core.
Ordered to stop her, the Agent, though damaged and bruised, leaps from the tower, firing at the helicopter as he falls. Catalina turns the helicopter when it is fired upon, causing the agent to hit the rotor blades rather than the cockpit. He is torn apart, sacrificing himself, succeeds in stopping Thorne. His hand lands in the helicopter as Thorne spins out of control away from the tower. The beacon fires and kills all remaining freaks in Pacific City, with the Voice of the Agency admitting he feels sorry for anyone who tries to stand in the Agency's way now. After the credits, a short video shows Thorne performing research, with the hand of the Agent in a test tube on the table in front of her.
The plot, as given above, is not necessarily the true story in the game. Audio Log collectibles found in the game give a different story, which paints the Agency as evil and manipulating. This alternate story matches the twist at the end of the first "Crackdown" game.
Development.
Phil Wilson and Billy Thomson, respectively Producer and Lead Design of "Crackdown" had previously confirmed that the game was designed from the outset to be a long-running series, stating that sequels for the game are very likely to be produced, especially if "Crackdown" performed well commercially. However, during the Industry All Stars event in September 2007, Wilson confirmed that Realtime Worlds was not working on a sequel to the game, saying "Microsoft a little late in stepping up to the plate to ask for "Crackdown 2", and by then we had already started working on bigger, better things". However, then-Microsoft Game Studios corporate vice president, Shane Kim, stated that Microsoft still holds the intellectual property rights for "Crackdown" and that a "Crackdown" sequel was still a possibility.
Realtime's Studio Manager Colin MacDonald clarified that if they have the resources after completion of "APB", they could approach Microsoft to discuss a sequel. Prior to its announcement, industry rumors stated that the new start-up company, Ruffian Games, a Scottish studio formed from members from the Realtime Worlds team, may be involved in the development of a "Crackdown" sequel. This was confirmed when the game was announced during the 2009 Electronic Entertainment Expo Conference. The rumors of Ruffian's involvement with the sequel were initially dismissed by McDonald, saying he doubted "Microsoft would harm an otherwise fruitful existing development relationship by gambling on funding "Crackdown 2" with a startup on RTW's doorstep, for obvious reasons." Following the announcement, David Jones, founder of Realtime Worlds, stated he was "a bit miffed" with Microsoft's decision, believing that Microsoft may have been looking at an internal development studio instead of the new start-up located in the same geographical area as his company and formed of many of his team's former members. Ruffian's executive producer, Peter Connelly, agreed that the situation that caused Realtime Worlds to move onto "APB" was unfortunate, but hold no animosity towards the company. Ruffian's Thomson noted that about half of their team formerly worked on "Crackdown" across all areas of game development, and felt their studio was the best choice to make the game's sequel.
The team chose to keep the sequel located in Pacific City as they considered that setting had a character of its own in the first game and wanted to preserve that for the sequel to keep up its familiarity with players, while still making it "bigger and better". The team also sought to preserve the same free-form gaming experience from "Crackdown" and opted to avoid any significant dialog-driven cutscenes, while improving on parts of the gameplay from the first game that were seen as weaker aspects. There are no significant mechanical changes to the game, though Ruffian continues to improve on the rendering engine to allow the display of the large vista of Pacific City.
Reception.
"Crackdown 2" received mixed to positive reviews. GameSpot gave the game a 7 out of 10, praising the game's exploration, orb collecting and four-player co-op, while criticizing its similarities to its predecessor. IGN gave the game a 7.5 out of 10, also faulting it for similarities to its predecessor and its absence of a true story, but also complimenting its orb collecting and cooperative campaign. Giant Bomb gave the game 3 out of 5 stars, stating that while the game was enjoyable, too much was lifted from the first game and little new was added. Destructoid gave the game a negative review, rating it a 4.5/10 and criticizing its similarities to the previous game, while also noting new issues not present in the original. The writer said that the game "has no real reason to exist." GameTrailers praised the game's addictive Orb collecting, but criticized its lack of story or structure. The game currently holds a 70 out of 100 rating on Metacritic based on critic reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="21527732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527732" title="Thomas Walker (academic)">
Thomas Walker (academic)

Thomas Walker (died 5 December 1665) was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was twice Master of University College, Oxford.
Walker was a Fellow at St John's College, Oxford. On 31 August 1832, he was elected as the Master of University College, with the support of the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
On 8 July 1648, Obadiah Walker, Henry Watkins, and Thomas Silvester were expelled from Oxford University for their Royalist sympathies. On 10 July, the Master, Thomas Walker, was removed as well. Joshua Hoyle was installed in his place during the Commonwealth. However, with the Restoration, he returned as Master in 1660 until his death in 1665. He noted in the College Register, "Mense Julii die x, 1648, amotus est Dorctor Walker hujus Collegii magister legitimus per visitatores illegitimos."
Walker was married to Jane Robinson, who was niece of the Archbishop of Canterbury. He was buried in the north aisle of St Peter's-in-the-East, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21527736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527736" title="Shaft, Iran">
Shaft, Iran

Shaft (, also known as Bāzār Shaft) is a city in and the capital of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,158, in 1,700 families. 
Shaft is located approximately southwest of Rasht. Rural economic activities include rice cultivation, fish farming, and animal husbandry.
On Mondays, Doshanbeh Bazaar, a local trade market is held there. That is why many know the place as Doshanbeh (Monday). Its local dishes are palakebab, baghlaghatogh, and jaghoorbaghoor.
Nearby major villages are Ahmadsargoorab, Kalasham, Chobar, and Kozan.
Some of the nearby villages like Imamzadeh Ebrahim have mountainous landscape which attract people from other cities on holidays. Rudkhan Castle is a tourist attraction in the vicinity of Shaft.

</doc>
<doc id="21527737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527737" title="David Schlemko">
David Schlemko

David Schlemko (born May 7, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League. 
Playing career.
Schlemko played junior hockey for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League from 2004 until 2007. He was a member of the Tigers' WHL championship team in 2007. Undrafted, Schlemko was signed as a free agent on July 19, 2007, by the Coyotes to a three-year entry level contract and was assigned to the Central Hockey League's Arizona Sundogs. In 2008, Schlemko was assigned to the San Antonio Rampage. He made his NHL debut with the Coyotes during the 2008–09 season, playing a total of 3 games scoring 1 assist. His first career NHL goal was scored on November 14, 2009, against Marty Turco of the Dallas Stars.
During the 2012–13 NHL lockout, he played 14 games on the Arizona Sundogs of the Central Hockey League (CHL).

</doc>
<doc id="21527754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527754" title="ACS Applied Materials &amp; Interfaces">
ACS Applied Materials &amp; Interfaces

ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 2009 by the American Chemical Society. The current editor in chief is Kirk S. Schanze. "ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces" covers advanced active and passive electronic/optical materials, coatings, colloids, biomaterials and bio-interfaces, polymer materials, hybrid and composite materials; and friction and wear. It is currently indexed/abstracted in: CAS, MEDLINE/PubMed, Current Contents, and Science Citation Index.

</doc>
<doc id="21527756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527756" title="Maja Zabel">
Maja Zabel

Maja Zabel is a mountain peak in the Prokletije range in northern Albania and south-eastern Montenegro. Maja Zabel is high.

</doc>
<doc id="21527757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527757" title="Dariusz Śledź">
Dariusz Śledź

Dariusz Śledź (born 15 September 1969) is a former Polish motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the 1995 Speedway Grand Prix of Poland. Śledź won the Polish league three times. In February 2009 he was appointed coach of the speedway club Stal Rzeszów, after previously managing the WTS Atlas team.

</doc>
<doc id="21527788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527788" title="1987 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three">
1987 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three

Results from the 1987 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 30, 1987, in the Circuit de Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="21527807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527807" title="Monoclonal B-cell lymphocytosis">
Monoclonal B-cell lymphocytosis

Monoclonal B-cell lymphocytosis (MBL) is a condition that resembles chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) but does not meet the criteria for CLL, and does not require treatment. However, CLL requiring treatment develops at the rate of 1.1% per year.
The definition of CLL includes >5000 CLL-phenotype B-cell lymphocytes per cubic millimeter. Patients with <5000 lymphocytes per mm³ and no symptoms of CLL are diagnosed with MBL. 
The term monoclonal means that all the B cells are derived from a single cell. 
Causes.
Little is yet known about the causes of MBL, but as it is a "forme fruste" of CLL the etiologies of these two conditions would be closely related. Genetic changes that can be found in CLL have also been found in MBL, and relatives of people with CLL have a much higher chance of having MBL (13% of first-degree relatives in one study).
One concern about MBL is related to blood transfusions. MBL was found in 0.14% of blood donors in one study. It is unknown whether blood transfusion can transmit MBL.
Laboratory diagnosis.
Using flow cytometry, monoclonal cells with cell surface markers similar to those in CLL can be detected in some healthy adults, who do not meet the criteria for CLL (i.e., >5000 CLL-type lymphocytes per mm³). If the diagnosis of CLL is based on the B cell count rather than the total lymphocyte count (which includes both B and T cells), many patients formerly diagnosed with Rai Stage 0 CLL would instead be classified as having MBL.
Molecular techniques can detect monoclonal B cell levels as low as 3-5 B cells/microliter (comparable to the amount of stem cells in peripheral blood).
The term "monoclonal B-cell lymphocytosis" was proposed by a consensus committee in 2005 to indicate a monoclonal B cell population in a person with less than 5000 B lymphocytes per milliliter (or 5.0 x 109 B lymphocytes/L), no enlarged lymph nodes or enlarged liver and/or spleen or other indications of a lymphoproliferative disorder.
Epidemiology and prognosis.
MBL has been found in less than 1% of asymptomatic adults under age 40, and in around 5% of adults older than 60. Exact numbers depend on the population studied and the sensitivity of the diagnostic technique.
Like CLL, it appears to be more common in males.
It is also a common finding among older adults with unexplained lymphocytosis.
Recent studies suggest that CLL is very often preceded by MBL,
and that MBL progresses to CLL requiring treatment at a rate of around 1-2% per year. Advancing age and high initial B cell count predispose to progression from MBL to CLL; however, only a small fraction of people with MBL die because of CLL.
Thus, MBL could be regarded as a premalignant condition from which some cases progress to CLL (much similar to the progression of some cases of monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance to multiple myeloma).
No treatment is required, but follow-up might be able to detect new diagnoses of CLL. However, this might lead to increased costs, repeated investigations, unnecessary anxiety about cancer and health insurance concerns, while there is no means to prevent progression to CLL.

</doc>
<doc id="21527816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527816" title="Claude Cormier">
Claude Cormier

Claude Cormier (June 22, 1960 - ) is a landscape architect from Quebec. He is one of the most influential members of his profession in Canada, with the majority of his projects located in Montreal and Toronto.
Biography.
Claude Cormier’s origins have played a significant role in determining his unusual professional trajectory. During his childhood growing up on a farm in rural Quebec, "nature" was a quotidian reality to be dealt with, not the idealised, bucolic or romantic idea held dear by many city-dwellers hold dear. In his eyes, nature was a resource, not an experience of the sublime, and in no way did this nature represent for him a place of escape.
As a young adult, Cormier decided to study agronomy at the University of Guelph, in Ontario, where his goal was to develop a new flower through genetic crossing. With Bachelor’s degree in hand, he realized that he was not so interested in plant genetics, but rather in how to make nature more playful. His studies in science, which focused on the possibilities of inventing new forms, would prove useful later in his career when he would apply his knowledge of interbreeding and hybridization to the urban landscape. Cormier studied landscape architecture at the University of Toronto, and after earning a new diploma, spent some time working for landscape architecture firms such as "Gerrard & Mackars". He then decided to return to Quebec and settle in Montreal, where he worked for "Groupe Lestage", an architecture and urban design firm that, by hiring him, expanded its practice by offering landscape architecture services.
At age 33, circumstances led Cormier to Harvard University, where he completed a master’s degree in Design Studies - History & Theory. He was drawn to Harvard specifically by Martha Schwartz, a long-time mentor and a leading figure in the world of landscape architecture. During his time at Harvard, he worked a Schwartz’s office, where he had the opportunity to explore and refine ideas and concepts that he had been contemplating for some time, and which would soon become manifest in his own work. After Harvard, Cormier returned to Montreal in 1995 to open his own firm: "Claude Cormier Architectes Paysagistes Inc".
Influences.
Claude Cormier belongs to the second generation of landscape architects known as the "conceptualists", a movement initiated principally by Martha Schwartz. As with postmodern architecture and conceptual art, this approach prioritizes the concept, or "big idea" as the driving force behind a project. This concept is applied across scales to articulate even the smallest aspects of the project, throughout the design process from beginning to end. Notably, this conceptualist approach marks a radical departure from functionalism as part of the modernist movement.
Within the conceptualist movement, the practice of Cormier and his team is distinguished by an insistence on investigating the historic, economic, botanic, ecologic and socio-cultural strata – both hidden and visible – that make up the places on which they work. Each project weaves itself into a complex network of meaning, yet remains clear in its design intent. This "weaving" results from the conjugation, or crossing, of diverse conceptual, material, and historic elements. As a result, each project possesses a certain singularity that arises from its semantic density. Cormier equally draws his inspiration from contemporary art, and frequently that which is infused with the energy of the city. Above all, he strives to be attentive to context and to dive into the memory of place in order to extract the elements that will help to create a narrative. Though not always obvious in the finished project, this narrative is the foundation upon which the conception and refinement of the project stand.
Cormier’s philosophy can be concisely summarized into the following phrase: "Artificial, not fake". What he strives for, above all, is a form of authenticity – a "true-false" – in other words, to show the constructed nature of landscape in a straightforward and honest way. A finished project must present itself as a hymn to life; to achieve this, Cormier uses an exuberant color palette, and innovates by incorporating artificial materials in surprising ways that defy their intended contextual use.
There is a spirited humour, sometimes even sharp, that emerges in many of the projects and which has actually become a sort of trademark for the firm. Cormier’s credo could be to not only play "with" nature, but to "play" nature by presenting it – in fact, by representing it – in an unprecedented manner. Conceptualist landscape architects must be bold and daring in order to stimulate, seduce and amuse in playing with perceptions. They strive to awaken fresh perspectives of the everyday that we take for granted. Their projects often act as markers of identity, simultaneously revealing and transforming the personality of both the site itself and the city around it. By reinventing urban landscapes, Claude Cormier seeks to rehabilitate public space by evoking emotion and producing meaning by blurring the lines between design and art, natural and artificial, real and surreal.

</doc>
<doc id="21527820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527820" title="Sisto Scilligo">
Sisto Scilligo

Sisto Michele Scilligo (born 1911, 1992) was an Italian Alpini soldier and skier.
Scilligo was born in the Val Formazza. In 1931 he placed second in the 18 km cross-country ski event of the Italian mastership. Two years afterwards he finished fifth together with his team colleges Frederico De Zulian, Andrea Veurich and Severino Menardi at the 4x10 km relay event of the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1933, and was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team, which placed first at the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Scilligo served at the mountain warfare school of the Italian Army called "Scuola Militare di Alpinismo" (today: Centro Addestramento Alpino), which was founded in 1934.
Further notable results were:

</doc>
<doc id="21527847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527847" title="Kylesku">
Kylesku

Kylesku () is a small, remote fishing hamlet in Sutherland in the Scottish Highlands. Until 1984, it was the site of a free ferry.
Village.
Kylesku is located where Loch Glencoul and Loch Gleann Dubh join to form a sea passage Loch a' Chàirn Bhàin which links to Eddrachillis Bay. It is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village stretches back along the road from the slipway that used to be the southern end of the ferry crossing. Now by-passed by the main road carried over the bridge, the Kylesku Hotel overlooks the slipway. Nearby is Eas a' Chual Aluinn, Britain's highest waterfall. This can be visited on a boat trip aboard "Rachael Clare".
Kylesku sits at the centre of a area which has become Scotland's first 'Global Geopark'. There is abundant wildlife and a wide range of outdoor pursuits in or on the lochs, mountains and white sandy beaches, including bird watching, seal and otter spotting, fishing, climbing and hill walking.
Ferry.
There was a passenger ferry (a rowing boat) in the early 19th century. Commercial traffic mainly comprised cattle on their way to central Scotland, and they had to swim across. Over the years, various ferries came and went, and small car-carrying ferries first appeared between the wars. The Kylesku Ferry was unusual in being free for much of its life.
The "Maid of Kylesku", a two car ferry, was built for the Kylesku crossing in the early 1950s, where it served until replaced by the "Queen of Kylesku" in 1967. When no longer needed, the "Maid of Kylesku" was simply beached and lay, grounded on the opposite side of the bay.
In 1976, the , built in Ardrossan, became the first vessel capable of carrying fully loaded commercial vehicles. After the opening of the Kylesku Bridge she went on to serve as the Corran Ferry.
Bridge.
The ferry service became known as a dreaded bottleneck on the route north - south and was replaced by a bridge in 1984. This was opened by the Queen. The bridge is 276m long and crosses a 130m stretch of water. The curving, five-span, continuous, pre-stressed concrete, hollow bridge, has been described as one of the most beautiful bridges in the world. The bridge was built by Morrison Construction Group, designed by the architects Arup (to complement the natural beauty of the site) and has won several design and construction awards.
A cairn on the north side, erected in 1993, commemorates the 50th anniversary of the formation of the XIIth Submarine Flotilla, a unit of "X-craft" and "Chariot" miniature submarines, which trained in Lochs Glendhu and Glencoul from 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="21527873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527873" title="Tumrukota">
Tumrukota

Tumrukota is an ancient and historic village, the largest in the Rentachintala mandal in the Guntur District, in India.
History.
Initially named Timmarusu Kota, after the poet Timmarusu, one of the AsthaDiggajaalu (eight poets) under Srikrishna Devaraayalu, the name changed over time to Tummercode, then Tummurukota, before finally being called Tumrukota.This village was also ruled under Moghal's king Orungajebu.Lot of evidences are.After Moghal period the French government ruled than came british government.here also orungajebu built a historical Majid' like charminar and saisavalidarga and historical kota .it is near to nagarjuna sagar.this village having elementary school,urdu school,z.p.h school and 2-3 primary schools also.This is greatness for Tumrukota.
Politics.
This village always comes into the picture especially when elections takes place. This comes under Macherla constituency for MLA poll and comes under Narasaraopeta for MP poll. Around 4,000 voters are there in this village. This village became base station for TDP (Telugudesam Party founded in 1982 by NTR) since its inception.
Yadlapalli Ramana is the "Sarpanch" of the village since March 2009.
MLAs:
- Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy (From June 2012) (Y S R Congress) 
- Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy (2009-2012) (Congress) 
- Pinnelli Lakshma Reddy (2004–2009) (Congress)
- Julakanti Durgamba (1999–2004) (TDP)
- Kurri Punnareddy (1994–1999) (TDP)
- Nimmagadd Sivaram Krishna (1989–1994) (TDP)
- Nattuva Krishna (1985–1989) (Congress)
- Korrapati Subbarao (1983–1985) (TDP and TDP(NB))
Profession.
Agriculture is the profession of every family almost. As it is residing on the bank of Krishna river, almost all the fields are covered with irrigation facility. Paddy, Cotton and Chilli are the leading crops. And most of the families are into part of milk business by selling milk in milk centers. Daily around 30 cans (every can has capacity around 50Lts) of milk is being transported to different dairies i.e.Sangam dairy etc. It is very pleasant to see the entire village in green in spring season.
Education.
There are nearly 4 Elementary schools and one High school (Telugu and English) in Tumrukota. There are 200 pupil in High school. This school is being effected by private schools in Rentachintala.The H.M of this school is Sri. G. Venkateswarao (H.M and MEO). Two of these schools students were selected for IIIT (Nuzivid).
Transportation.
Well connected with Macherla which is just about 20 km away (9 km from another route). APSRTC does runs buses from Macherla.
There are two routes from Macherla as follows:
1) Via Kambhampadu, PaluvaiGate, PaluvaiJunction and Paluvai. APSRTC buses uses this route.
2) Via JammalaMadaka
Bus Route from Guntur:
1) Catch any bus which goes to Macherla( there is a bus service from "Guntur to Macherla" for every 15 minutes) and get down at Paluvai Junction. It will take 3 hours time generally (around 115 km).
2) From Paluvai Junction , there will be many autos all the times or You can wait for bus which will come from Macherla. (just 7 kilometers from here, usually 15 mins time it ll take)
Bus Route from Hyderabad:
1) Catch the any bus which goes via Macherla. (around 170 km, usually it takes 4 hours time)
2) From Macherla, there is bus facility to this village. (see the above para for details)
The RajeevGandhi international Airport, Hyderabad is just about 190 km away from the village if you want to fly.
Things you must notice.
It is known for temples where you find all the religious temples. 
- Raamalayam, Sivaalayam, Venugopalaswamy Temple, Hanuman Temple, Veerabrahmendra swamy temple, Mutyalamma Temples, Mosque (which is built in older centuries), Saisavali Durga and Christ Church.
- Krishna River
- Forest after the Village
- Krishna river flowing adjacent to forest
- NTR statue
- Naaparaayi(one kind of stone) Quarry

</doc>
<doc id="21527879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527879" title="Francis Johnson (academic)">
Francis Johnson (academic)

Francis Johnson was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was Master of University College, Oxford.
Johnson was Master during the Commonwealth of England. On 5 May 1660, Charles II was declared King in the Restoration. On 1 August 1660, Johnson had to defend his position as Master of University College. He stated ""hee was putt in Master there by Oliver Lord Protector and the Lords and Commons"" . Johnson's protestations were to no available and he was replaced by Thomas Walker, who had been Master previously before the Commonwealth. Shortly after, Thomas Radcliffe, Obadiah Walker, and Abraham Woodhead, who had been expelled from the College in 1648, were reinstated, and four of the current Fellows were expelled.

</doc>
<doc id="21527887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527887" title="Same as It Never Was">
Same as It Never Was

Same As It Never Was is the 7th studio album released by The Herbaliser, released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21527903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527903" title="Tropical Storm Agaton">
Tropical Storm Agaton

The name Agaton has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21527919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527919" title="François Fortunat Rouleau">
François Fortunat Rouleau

François Fortunat Rouleau (July 4, 1849 – December 16, 1907) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Dorchester in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Sainte-Claire, Canada East, the son of François Rouleau and Luce Labonté, was educated at the Laval Normal School and the Université Laval, and was called to the Quebec bar in 1870. Rouleau practised law in Quebec City. In 1878, he married J.J. Alphonsine Peachy. His election in 1874 was overturned after an appeal but he won the subsequent by-election in 1875. Rouleau served as clerk assistant of the House of Commons from 1882 to 1897. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the House of Commons in 1900. Rouleau died in Sainte-Claire at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="21527925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527925" title="Jajpur derailment">
Jajpur derailment

The Jajpur derailment was a passenger train derailment that occurred at 19:45 local time (14:15 UTC) near Jajpur in the eastern state of Odisha, India, on 13 February 2009. Nine people were killed and 150 people were injured in the incident. Twelve carriages belonging to the Howrah–Chennai Coromandel Express are believed to have derailed following the train's departure from Jajapur Road station near Jajapur. The cause of the accident is currently unknown.
Derailment.
Following initial reports that the death toll was 10, two relief trains were dispatched to the scene. Eyewitnesses feared passengers were trapped in two of the derailed carriages. Medical and rescue teams from the Bhubaneswar headquarters of East Coast Railway converged on the scene of the accident and erected emergency lighting to speed up the rescue effort, which had been hampered by the dark. Local people assisted the emergency services in their rescue effort, with one local describing the accident as "horrible and serious". Union Minister of State for Railways R. Velu reached the spot on Saturday morning to take stock of the situation. A high-level inquiry had been ordered to ascertain the cause of the accident, he said.
Fourteen of the 27 coaches of the express train derailed approximately from the state's capital, Bhubaneswar. Some coaches of the train were lying over each other and many people were trapped under the mangled train cars. The injured were sent to local hospitals.
Reaction.
The Minister said the Railways would pay Rs.500,000 each to the next of kin of those killed in the accident and a job each to the family of those killed.
Apart from providing free medical treatment, the Railways will pay Rs.50,000 each to those seriously injured and Rs.10,000 to other injured passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="21527945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527945" title="Vasilevo">
Vasilevo

Vasilevo (Cyrillic: Василево) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21527954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527954" title="Peruvian Episcopal Conference">
Peruvian Episcopal Conference

The Peruvian Episcopal Conference () is an episcopal conference of the Roman Catholic Church of Peru that gathers the bishops of the country in order to discuss pastoral issues and in general all matters that have to do with the Church. 
The following are members of the Conference:
Guests of the Conference are the Apostolic Nuncio and other bishops (titular and emeritus).

</doc>
<doc id="21527960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527960" title="RC Optical Systems">
RC Optical Systems

RC Optical Systems is a high-end American telescope and optics manufacturer that specializes in Ritchey-Chrétien telescopes with hyperbolic mirrors. RC also makes related mounts and systems for the telescopes, with a focus on open and closed carbon fiber trusses for low expansion. The Ritchey-Chrétien uses two mirrors and no refractors, which reduces light loss and its optical characteristics make it popular for astrophotography. RC Optical Systems was started 1998 and is located in Flagstaff, Arizona. Telescopes and systems are sold commercially to individuals, institutions, and governments. The smallest RCOS telescope, the 12.5 inch F/9 Ritchey-Chrétien had a base price of just over twenty thousand US dollars in 2009, with large and/or custom models costing considerably more.
RC Optical Systems and Star Instruments won a lawsuit in 2008 against Meade Instruments over Meade's description of RCX400 and LX200R telescopes and the Ritchey-Chrétien classification.
RC Optical Systems produced the Lulin Observatory 0.41-m (16-inch) f/8.8 in Taiwan Six .61 RCOS are being used in the PROMPT telescope (Panchromatic Robotic Optical Monitoring and Polarimetry Telescopes), which is being built by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill at Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory (CTIO) in Chile.
A 50 cm aperture RCOS telescope formed the basis of the TacSat-2 observation system, an experimental satellite launched in 2006.
Major designs offered by 2009, over a decade after its founding included 

</doc>
<doc id="21527990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527990" title="Amherst Villiers">
Amherst Villiers

Amherst Villiers (1900–1991) was an English automotive, aeronautical and astronautic engineer and portrait painter.
He designed a land speed record-breaking car for Malcolm Campbell, and developed the supercharged "Blower Bentley", driven by Henry Birkin and (in fiction) by James Bond.
Early life.
Charles Amherst Villiers was born in London on 9 December 1900, the son of Ernest Amherst Villiers and the Hon. Elaine Augusta Guest.
He was educated at Oundle School and at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
Career.
Villiers began his automotive career modifying Brescia Bugattis and supercharging a Vauxhall for racing driver Raymond Mays.
He designed the Napier-Campbell Blue Bird which Malcolm Campbell used to break the land speed record in 1927 with an average speed of 174.88 mph.
The 'Blower Bentley' was developed in 'Bentley Boy' Henry 'Tim' Birkin's workshop in 1929, using an Amherst Villiers supercharger bolted to the front of a Bentley 4½ Litre, to boost its maximum power in the production version to . The first of five racing specials was the Brooklands-designed Bentley Blower No.1, which had an output of . The Blower Bentley's never won a major race, but it set new lap records at Brooklands.
In 1930 he bought from the Air Ministry one of the Gloster IV biplanes which had been used by the RAF High Speed Flight as practice machines for the Schneider Trophy. He was planning to install an unsupercharged geared Napier Lion racing engine and remove the floats for an attempt to break the world air speed record, but the plans did not come to fruition.
In 1936 Villiers developed a 120/130 hp four-cylinder aero engine, the Amherst Villiers Maya I (named after his wife).
The engine was first tested in a B.A. Eagle and later in Villiers' own Miles Whitney Straight, but did not go into production.
During the Second World War he served as a ferry pilot.
After the war he joined the "Brain drain" of scientists and engineers moving to the USA to work on the space programme. He became a portrait painter in New York, and his portraits of his friends Ian Fleming and Graham Hill hang in the National Portrait Gallery in London. In Fleming's first James Bond novel, "Casino Royale", Bond drives a 4.5-litre Bentley with the Amherst Villiers supercharger.
Personal life.
Charles Amherst Villiers married, first, Maya de Lisle Adam. After they were divorced he married Juanita Lorraine Brown. Juanita Lorraine Brown Villiers and Charles Amherst Villiers had two children, Charles Churchill Villiers and Veronica Jane Villiers.
He died on 12 December 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21527997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21527997" title="Fifth Regiment Armory">
Fifth Regiment Armory

Fifth Regiment Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is an imposing, fortress-type structure situated in midtown Baltimore. It consists of a full basement, a first floor containing a 200 foot by 300 foot drill hall, a mezzanine or "balcony" level, and a newer second level (reconstructed in 1933 after a fire) housing the trussed steel drill hall roof. The façade features buttresses, parapets, casement windows, and a crenellated roofline, giving the appearance of a medieval fortification. It was the site of the 1912 Democratic National Convention. 
The Fifth Regiment Armory was designed by architects Wyatt & Nolting. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is included within the Baltimore National Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21528026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528026" title="KJOX">
KJOX

KJOX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21528032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528032" title="Druzhba-78">
Druzhba-78

Druzbha-78 (; ) was an U-18 ice hockey team based in Kharkiv, Ukraine.
Criminal allegations and death.
In January 2012, the coach and owner of the team, Ivan Pravilov was accused of fondling two 14-year-old Ukrainian players who he had invited to his home in Philadelphia. He was placed in a Federal Detention Center but was found to be unresponsive at around 3:00 am; by 3:45, he was pronounced dead at the hospital. Evidence suggested that he had committed suicide. This was confirmed by the city medical examiner's office on 23 February 2012.
A former student of Druzhba-78 had claimed in January 2012 that Pravilov had physically abused members of Druzhba-78.

</doc>
<doc id="21528034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528034" title="Florida State Fair">
Florida State Fair

The Florida State Fair is held annually at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa. The official state fair of Florida, it includes indoor and outdoor exhibits, rides and shows. It is a chance for the state to showcase its agricultural industry. The Fair also offers competitions and food oddities such as chocolate covered bacon. The annual event usually lasts for 11 days, usually in February.
History.
In 1904 the South Florida Fair Association was formed and plans for a new exhibition were proposed. The fair was founded as the South Florida Fair and renamed the Mid-Winter Festival a few years later. The name finally changed to the present Florida State Fair in 1915.
In 1975, the Florida Legislature created the Florida State Fair Authority and designated the yearly event in Tampa as the official Florida State Fair. By 1977, the first fair was held at its current location, at the intersection of Interstate 4 and U.S. Highway 301 in unincorporated Hillsborough County.
Fair events.
The Florida State Fair also includes competitions in crafts such as fine arts and agricultural competitions. Entries are judged and ribbons awarded. 2009 saw new additions to the state fair, including a live shark exhibit and a rodeo.
Venues.
Besides the rides and exhibits, other venues during the Fair include the Bob Thomas Equestrian Center, which hosts horse races and other equestrian events; Cracker Country, which demonstrates life in frontier Florida; and exhibitions from most counties of Florida plus various agricultural and other state organizations in the large Expo Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="21528046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528046" title="Steve Tshwete">
Steve Tshwete

Steve Vukhile Tshwete (born 12 November 1938 in Springs, Gauteng - 12 April 2002) was a South African politician and activist with the African National Congress. Involved in the Umkhonto we Sizwe, Tshwete was imprisoned by the apartheid authorities on Robben Island from February 1964 to 1983 and later lived in exile. Upon his return to South Africa in 1990, Tshwete resumed activities with the ANC and become a regional coordinator for the new United Democratic Front. 
As the head of the ANC's Sports Desk he had the task of uniting sports that had been riven by apartheid. He had the knack of "bringing sworn enemies to the negotiating table and sending them away as allies ... he went from one sporting code to the next and fixed the potholes on their roads to unity". Having united South Africa's cricket bodies he travelled with Ali Bacher to London in May 1991 and successfully applied for South Africa's admission to the International Cricket Council.
Tshwete was instrumental in de-racializing the national teams as Minister of Sport and Recreation. He served in Thabo Mbeki's first government as the Minister of Safety and Security from 1999 until his death in April 2002. Steve Tshwete Local Municipality in Mpumalanga Province is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="21528051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528051" title="Yair Samet">
Yair Samet

Yair Samet (born in Jerusalem, Israel) is an Israeli conductor, composer, and pianist.
Samet was appointed first associate conductor of the San Jose Symphony Orchestra in 1994. In addition, he was nominated Music Director and Conductor of the San Jose Youth Symphony, with which he has toured Belgium, the Netherlands, Ireland, Germany, Austria, Japan, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Spain, Poland, Chile, Argentina and Italy.
Samet has conducted the famed Sinfonia Varsovia Orchestra on tour in Germany, the Saarländisches Staatsorchester in Saarbrücken, Germany, the Guangzhou Symphony Orchestra in China, and the Sarajevo Philharmonic Orchestra in Bosnia. In addition, he conducted the Tampere Philharmonic Orchestra and the St. Petersburg Glinka Capella at Finland’s Tampere International Music Festival. In Israel he conducted the Haifa Symphony, the Rishon Le-Zion Symphony Orchestra, and the Israeli Sinfonietta in Beer Sheva.
In 2008 Maestro Samet made his debut with the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra, conducting a program dedicated to composer Miklós Rózsa.
Samet also serves on the music faculty of the University of California Santa Cruz as a regular guest conductor, leading the UCSC Symphony Orchestra.
Samet has performed with renowned artists such as Pinchas Zukerman, Vadim Repin, David Shifrin, Han-Na Chang, Hélène Grimaud, Lara St. John, Raphael Wallfisch, Jon Nakamatsu, Axel Strauss, and Jon Kimura Parker.
Background.
Samet attended the Rubin Academy High School of Music and Arts where he studied piano, bassoon, and composition. As a teenager, Mr. Samet performed frequently as soloist and chamber musician throughout Israel and for Israeli National Television.
Samet was the recipient of three scholarships from the America Israel Cultural Foundation. He began his formal orchestral conducting and musicology studies at Tel-Aviv University. He made his professional conducting debut in his early twenties with the Rishon Le-Zion Orchestra as a participant in Israel's International Course for Conductors under the direction of Maestro Noam Sheriff.
Having earned a national reputation as a gifted young conductor and musician, the Young Israel Philharmonic, a wing of the famed Israel Philharmonic, created the position of assistant conductor for him in 1989. This unique distinction allowed him to view closely the work of conductors such as Leonard Bernstein, Zubin Mehta, Kurt Masur and Claudio Abbado.
Samet completed his graduate studies in conducting and composition in the United States at Indiana University where he conducted the Indiana University String Orchestra and gave concerts with each of the University’s five orchestras.

</doc>
<doc id="21528053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528053" title="Eric Andersson">
Eric Andersson

Eric Andersson (born June 15, 1984) is a Swedish motorcycle speedway rider. Andersson rode one heat in 2007 Speedway Grand Prix of Sweden, when he replaced injured Wiesław Jaguś in Heat 19.

</doc>
<doc id="21528060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528060" title="Jacob Seidenberg">
Jacob Seidenberg

Dr. Jacob Seidenberg (1914–1996) was a government official who specialized in labor arbitration and non-discrimination contracts, and wrote extensively on labor law and negotiations.
Early career.
He graduated from Temple University in 1937 and received a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1941. During the 1940s he was an attorney with the U.S. War Department, the National War Labor Board and the National Wage Stabilization Board. In 1948 he went to graduate school at Cornell University, from which he earned his Ph.D. in industrial and labor relations in 1951.
Government career.
In 1951 he joined the staff of the President’s Committee on Government Contract Compliance. The Committee was abolished by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in August 1953 by Executive Order 10479 and was succeeded by the President’s Committee on Government Contracts. Seidenberg was appointed Executive Director of the new committee and served until January 1960 when he resigned to become a full-time labor arbitrator. The Committee was responsible for enforcing non-discrimination clauses in government contracts, worked with private businesses to help them overcome job discrimination, and developed educational programs against ethnic and racial discrimination. The chairman was Vice President Richard Nixon, and the vice chairman was Secretary of Labor James P. Mitchell.
In later years Seidenberg served on a number of boards of inquiry involving labor disputes. From 1970 to 1975 he was chairman of the Federal Services Impasses Panel which settled deadlocks in federal labor negotiations.

</doc>
<doc id="21528071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528071" title="F.I.R. (TV series)">
F.I.R. (TV series)

F.I.R. is an Indian television sitcom first shown on July 31, 2006, on SAB TV. The show is produced by Edit II Productions and is being broadcast Saturday and Sunday nights. The sitcom was nominated for the "Best Sitcom" category at the Indian Telly Awards in 2009.
The sitcom is set in a police station.
On March 16, 2013, the show took a 20 year leap from 2013 to 2033 but from 8 July 2013 the setting has returned to the present.
Plot summary.
F.I.R. is an acronym for "First Information Report" that the Indian police prepares for each case to be investigated.
FIR is a situational comedy serial centered on a Haryanvi female police officer named "Chandramukhi Chautala" and her three subordinates, head constable Gopinath Gandothra, constable Mulayam Singh Gulgule and constable Billu. The show depicts their lives as they try to solve every case which comes to Imaan Chowki .
New cases come to the police station in every episode. An individual or a group come with a complaint or a problem. The problem generally has nothing to do with police. It may be a case of love, divorce, snoring, or bad cooking. Chandramukhi Chautala and her constables solve the case successfully though the case has nothing to do with their official duties as police officers.
Production.
The show took a 20 year leap when Kavita Kaushik, who played the lead role, departed from the show and introduced Chitrashi Rawat as Chandramukhi's daughter, Jwalamukhi Chautala. The changes were reverted on 8 July' 2013 and the incidents occurring in the 20 year leap were converted into constable Gopi's dream and the show then continued along with Chandramukhi Chautala's return.
Supporting appearances.
Crossover.
F.I.R had a crossover with Lapataganj on 9th march 2012

</doc>
<doc id="21528075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528075" title="Canada25">
Canada25

Founded in 2001, Canada25 was a non-partisan organization that involved Canadians under 35 in the development of public policy. Canada25 facilitated local engagement through 16 chapters located across Canada, in the US and the UK. 
Canada25 published four national policy reports including: A New Magnetic North: How Canada can Attract and Retain Talent(2001); Building Up: Making Canada's Cities Magnets for Talent and Engines of Development(2002);From Middle to Model Power: Recharging Canada's Role in the World (2004); and Canadians and the Common Good: Building a Civic Nation Through Civic Engagement(2007.
Canada25 also completed dozens of regional projects on issues from healthcare to Kyoto to urban development including: Investing in the Next Alberta (2005); Cooling the Hot Air: Ratification of the Kyoto Protocol (2002); Batir pour l'avenir: A Montreal Renaissance (2002); Ripe With Potential: Vancouver as a Destination For Talent (2002) and Views From Young Talent in Winnipeg (2002). 
Canada25 worked closely with policy consultations at the federal, provincial and municipal levels and in 2006, Canada25 received the Public Policy Forum's Young Leader Award for commitment in the area of public policy and civil discourse. 
In 2007, after six years of operations, Canada25 closed its doors due to a lack of a stable funding source.

</doc>
<doc id="21528077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528077" title="Grand Séminaire de Montréal">
Grand Séminaire de Montréal

The Grand séminaire de Montréal ("Grand seminary of Montreal") is the sacerdotal school of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montreal.
History.
The institution was founded by the Sulpicians in 1840 on the demands of Ignace Bourget. A branch of Université Laval's faculty of theology was installed in the seminar in 1878. This faculty was transferred to the Université de Montréal in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21528082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528082" title="Jerry L. Bona">
Jerry L. Bona

Jerry Lloyd Bona (born February 5, 1945) is an American mathematician, known for his work in fluid mechanics, partial differential equations, and computational mathematics, and active in some other branches of pure and applied mathematics.
Bona received his PhD in 1971 from Harvard University under supervision of Garrett Birkhoff and worked from 1970 to 1972 at the Fluid Mechanics Research Institute University of Essex, where along with Brooke Benjamin and J. J. Mahony, he published on Model Equations for Long Waves in Non-linear Dispersive Systems, known as Benjamin–Bona–Mahony equation. He is probably best known for his statement about equivalent statements of the Axiom of Choice: “The Axiom of Choice is obviously true, the Well–ordering theorem is obviously false; and who can tell about Zorn’s Lemma?"
Jerry Bona has worked at University of Chicago, Pennsylvania State University, University of Texas at Austin and is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Illinois at Chicago. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society. In 2013 he became a fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="21528095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528095" title="Crossing the Rubicon (The Sounds album)">
Crossing the Rubicon (The Sounds album)

Crossing the Rubicon is the third studio album by the Swedish new wave band The Sounds, released on 2 June 2009. On 17 April 2009, the first single "No One Sleeps When I'm Awake" was released on iTunes worldwide. The album was available to Spotify Premium customers from 29 May, and it was officially released 2 June. The second single, "Beatbox" was released on 12 January 2010 on iTunes exclusively.
The track "Home Is Where Your Heart Is" is featured on the second part of the 5th season of the MTV reality show "The Hills". "No One Sleeps When I'm Awake" is featured on episode eight, season one of "The Vampire Diaries".
Background.
For their third album, the band dropped all their producers and founded their own label, Arnioki Records, and used their own money to record "Crossing the Rubicon". The band supported the album with a world tour.
Reception.
The album received mixed professional reviews. Allmusic delivered a very positive rating and wrote that it was "the sound of a band reaching their potential as artists" and found that only few songs like "Beatbox" would not reach up to the band's standard. "Pitchfork" in turn compared "Beatbox" to the music of Blondie but was reluctant to praise the entire album, writing that there had been no evolution in the music of The Sounds. These two features where also noted by the German "Sonic Seducer" magazine although their author marked a melancholy in tracks like "Crossing The Rubicon" and "Midnight Sun" that was allegedly new for The Sounds. A review by "PopMatters" concluded that the The Killers had been delivering the same style of music before, so "Crossing the Rubicon" was nothing new. The band's image of "themselves as swaggering, pioneering visionaries" meant employing a backwards perspective instead of looking forward. The "Spin" magazine's reviewer praised the tracks "4 Songs & a Fight" and "No One Sleeps When I'm Awake", but found the album generally too monotonous.
Tracklisting.
All songs written and composed by The Sounds.
All music and lyrics by Jesper Anderberg and Félix Rodríguez except:
Track 1: Lyrics by J. Anderberg, F. Rodríguez, F. Nilsson, M. Ivarsson
Track 6: Lyrics by J. Anderberg, F. Rodríguez, M. Ivarsson
Track 7: Music by J. Anderberg, F. Rodríguez, F. Nilsson; Lyrics by F. Nilsson
Track 9: Music by J. Anderberg, F. Rodríguez, F. Nilsson; Lyrics by J. Anderberg, F. Rodríguez, F. Nilsson, M. Ivarsson, J. Bengtsson
Track 11: Lyrics by J. Anderberg, F. Rodríguez, F. Nilsson
Tracks 1 & 8: Additional writing by A. Schlesinger & J. Iha

</doc>
<doc id="21528104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528104" title="944 Magazine">
944 Magazine

944 Magazine was a regional fashion, entertainment and lifestyle publication that operated in the United States from 2001 to 2011. 
History.
The original 944 Media company was founded in 2002 by Mark Gorzen and Marc Lotenberg.
In March 2009, 944 Media announced acquisition of "Six Degrees", a competing upscale lifestyle magazine, with editions in Atlanta, Detroit, Miami and Las Vegas as well as its web portal. By October of that year, 944 ceased publication of Six Degrees and launched two new editions of 944 magazine to penetrate the Atlanta and Detroit markets.
In April, 2010 944 Media, LLC. declared Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in United States Bankruptcy Court Central District of California Los Angeles Division Case No. 2:10-23240-AA. 944 Media, LLC. is represented by Landau Gottfried & Berger LLP. 
On June 1, 2011, 944 announced that they had published their last issue and would shut the business permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="21528105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528105" title="European Lacrosse Federation">
European Lacrosse Federation

European Lacrosse Federation (ELF) is the sport governing body of men and women's lacrosse in the Europe. The 26 member federation has its headquarters in London, England. 
The ELF sponsors the European Lacrosse Championships under field lacrosse rules, and the annual box lacrosse Aleš Høebeský Memorial tournament in Prague. The Aleš Høebeský Memorial tournament is the largest European box lacrosse tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="21528111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528111" title="C. J. Lyons">
C. J. Lyons

C. J. Lyons is an American physician and writer of medical suspense novels.
Biography.
Lyons was raised in State College, PA, and attended medical school at the University of Florida. She did her internship and residency at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, followed by a fellowship in Pediatric Emergency Medicine at Akron Children's Hospital. She has held teaching appointments at the Medical College of Ohio and the Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center. She worked as a general pediatrician focusing on community health care.

</doc>
<doc id="21528123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528123" title="Guido de Summa">
Guido de Summa

Guido de Summa (died 1151) was an Italian Cardinal.
He was born in Milan. Probably he was already a Cardinal-Deacon under Pope Innocent II and as such, he signed papal bulls between January 12, 1142 and December 9, 1143. Certainly Pope Celestine II named him Cardinal-Priest of S. Lorenzo in Damaso in the consistory celebrated on December 17, 1143. He subscribed the papal bulls as Cardinal-Prest between December 28, 1143 and May 6, 1149 and participated in the papal election, 1144 and papal election, 1145. On September 23, 1149 Eugenius III consecrated him Bishop of Ostia; as such, he signed papal bulls from November 6, 1149 until April 14, 1150. For many years he acted as papal legate in Lombardy. He is attested for the last time in the document issued in Ferentino on May 10, 1151.

</doc>
<doc id="21528134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528134" title="Vogue Theatre">
Vogue Theatre

Located in the heart of downtown Vancouver on 918 Granville Street, the Vogue Theatre has been one of the defining architectural achievements in Vancouver since its opening in 1941. Built in the Art Deco/Art Moderne style, the Vogue Theatre was originally built as a movie house and a venue for the performing arts on Vancouver’s “Theatre Row”.
History.
The Vogue Theatre was designed by architects Kaplan & Sprachman. Construction began in 1940 and was completed in 1941. The Vogue has hosted such events such as Vancouver’s ComedyFest, Vancouver International Film Festival and Vancouver International Jazz Festival.
It was operated by Canadian Odeon Theatres, later Cineplex Odeon up until its closure in 1987.
Architecture.
The Vogue Theatre is a prime example of a Moderne style building in Vancouver.
Exterior Design.
The Vogue Theatre is crafted in the Art Deco style, emphasizing sleek lines and fluid contours. Its streamlined exterior exemplifies these qualities. The symmetrical façades, constructed in a mixture of textured concrete and terrazzo panels with wrought-iron screens, give the Vogue a very slick look. Flanked by shops on both sides, the entrance and box office are recessed into the building. The sidewalk outside depicts a very colorful pattern. One of the defining features of Vogue is its large neon sign which is topped by silhouette of the Roman Goddess Diana, giving this building a very Hollywood feel.
Interior Design.
The interior of the Vogue Theatre houses 1,144 seats and contains 4 wheelchair accesses. There are 597 seats on the orchestra level, 211 in the Dress Circle and 336 on the Upper Circle. It comprises curved balconies and curved ceilings that are defining features of the Art Deco style. Streamlined and sinuous contours are found in all aspects of the interior: auditorium, upper and lower lobbies, foyer, and staircases that are flanked by wood columns. It also holds a basement, multiple dressing rooms, and a heavy orchestra veil.
Another of the special characteristics of the Vogue is its elaborate modulated lighting system, which create a fusion-type atmosphere in the building. The stage, which is made of black-painted maple, is equipped with a flying system 30 feet above the floor and a state-of-the-art audio system. In addition to the concern of aesthetic value, the Vogue was also constructed with practical objectives. The air-conditioning systems and ducts are concealed in the ceiling coves, which not only looks good but also improves the acoustics of the theatre.
Renovation.
The Gibbons Hospitality Group has intentions of restoring the Vogue back to original state.
Recognition.
By the virtue of its scale, design, and age, the Vogue has been a National Historic Site of Canada since it was officially recognized by the federal government on November 20, 1993, under Historic Sites and Monuments Act. However, the interiors of the building are not officially protected. It is also an "A-listed" heritage building.

</doc>
<doc id="21528135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528135" title="Nakhimov Naval School">
Nakhimov Naval School

The Nakhimov Naval School or simply Nakhimov School () is a form of military education for teenagers introduced in the Soviet Union and once also located in other cities. They are named after Imperial Russian admiral Pavel Nakhimov.
The first Nakhimov School was introduced in Tbilisi in 1943 during the Great Patriotic War, for sons of military personnel who died in action. The Tbilisi Nakhimov Naval School (:ru:Тбилисское Нахимовское военно-морское училище) existed during 1943-1955. In 1944 the Leningrad Nakhimov Naval School started to operate. Riga Nakhimov Naval School (:ru:Рижское Нахимовское военно-морское училище, ) existed during 1945-1953. 
In modern Russia only the St. Petersburg Nakhimov School continues to exist.
References.
http://nvmu.edumil.ru/

</doc>
<doc id="21528176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528176" title="Feeder line">
Feeder line

Feeder line may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21528190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528190" title="Greensboro Open">
Greensboro Open

The Greensboro Open was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1998 to 2000. It was played at the Sedgefield Country Club in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The purse in 2000 was US$400,000, with $72,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
BUY.COM Greensboro Open
NIKE Greensboro Open

</doc>
<doc id="21528193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528193" title="Central blood volume">
Central blood volume

The central blood volume (CBV) is the combined volume of blood in the heart cavities, lungs and central arterial tree. CBV is increased during sympathetic stimulation.

</doc>
<doc id="21528194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528194" title="2001 in South African sport">
2001 in South African sport

'See also:" 
2000 in South African sport, 
2001 in South Africa, 
2002 in South African sport and the 
Timeline of South African sport.
Football (Soccer).
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="21528198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528198" title="Calico crab">
Calico crab

Calico crab may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21528208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528208" title="Hotel Kernan">
Hotel Kernan

Hotel Kernan, also known as the Congress Hotel, is a historic hotel located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a six story plus mansard roof, French Renaissance Revival-style structure detailed in brick and terra cotta. It is constructed of steel and reinforced concrete and is "U"-shaped in plan. It was designed in 1903 by Philadelphia architect John Allen for theatrical impresario James Lawrence Kernan (1838-1912), who lived at the hotel until his death in 1912.
Hotel Kernan was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21528223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528223" title="David Dixon (golfer)">
David Dixon (golfer)

David Dixon (born 27 March 1977) is an English professional golfer.
Dixon was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, England. He turned professional in 2001.
Dixon had a glittering amateur career, the highlight of which was his performance at the 2001 Open Championship, where he earned the silver medal as the lowest finishing amateur.
Dixon bounced between the European Tour and the Challenge Tour between 2001 to 2007. However in 2008 he secured his first ever professional win, and his status as a European Tour member, with victory at the Saint-Omer Open.
Results in major championships.
LA = Low Amateur
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied for place
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="21528227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528227" title="West Texas and Lubbock Railway">
West Texas and Lubbock Railway

The West Texas and Lubbock Railway is a shortline railroad in Texas, owned by Iowa Pacific Holdings through its Permian Basin Railways subsidiary. It connects the BNSF Railway in Lubbock with agricultural and oil-producing areas to the west and southwest. The company operates 107 miles of two ex-Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway lines, extending to Whiteface and Seagraves parallel to State Highway 114 and U.S. Highway 62. The primary commodities hauled are fertilizer, construction aggregates, grain, cotton, chemicals, peanuts and plastics.
History.
The origin of the two lines that make up today’s WTLC is the Crosbyton-Southplains Railroad Company (CS) which was chartered in 1910 to build a line from Lubbock to Crosbyton, TX. n 1915, the CS was purchased by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (ATSF) which changed its name to the South Plains and Santa Fe Railway(SPSF). The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway system, opened by the South Plains and Santa Fe Railway to Seagraves in 1918 and to Bledsoe in 1925 (later cut back to Whiteface). The Santa Fe sold the two lines to the Seagraves, Whiteface and Lubbock Railroad in April 1990, and in November 1995 RailAmerica took over operations through the West Texas and Lubbock Railroad , which also operated the affiliated Plainview Terminal Company. Iowa Pacific Holdings organized the West Texas and Lubbock "Railway", which began operating the West Texas and Lubbock "Railroad" under lease in 2002. In 2004 Iowa Pacific bought from RailAmerica the old WT&L, which still exists as a non-operating subsidiary. The new WT&L expanded its operations in January 2006 when it began providing emergency alternative rail service to two plants of PYCO Industries in Lubbock, since that operated by South Plains Switching was inadequate. PYCO acquired the line in November 2007 as a feeder line, and the WT&L continues to operate over it. Also in 2007, the WT&L bought the BNSF line between Plainview and Dimmitt, which Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad subsidiary Fort Worth and Denver South Plains Railway had completed in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="21528230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528230" title="Stefan Andersson (speedway rider)">
Stefan Andersson (speedway rider)

Stefan Andersson (born 13 September 1971) is a Swedish motorcycle speedway rider who rode in Speedway Grand Prix twice.

</doc>
<doc id="21528240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528240" title="Alles aus Liebe">
Alles aus Liebe

"Alles aus Liebe" ("All out of love") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It is the third single and the twelfth track from the album "Kauf MICH!".
The song is narrated by a man, who doesn't know how to correctly express and emphasise his love towards a woman and decides to commit a suicide to prove his love. However, in the end of the song he decides, that they should go together. In the end of the song, three shots are heard.
There is also an English version of the song, titled "All for the Sake of Love", which appeared on "Love, Peace & Money".
Music video.
The video was directed by Hans Neleman. In it, Campino sings to a woman beside a window.
Tout pour sauver l'amour.
A French version of the song, titled "Tout pour sauver l'amour" ("All to save love"), was released as a promo single in 1995. The single is subtitled En duo avec Marina ("In a duet with Marina"), as it features Marina Casariego on female vocals.
1996 live version.
A live version of the song is available on the 1996 live album "Im Auftrag des Herrn". This was released as the only single from the album in 1997. The single had a crew-T-shirt with it.
Music video.
The video was directed by Sven Offen & DoRo.
Cover Versions.
The song was covered by the Polish band Ich Troje with the title "A wszystko to (bo ciebie kocham)". Moreover a live version of this cover exists in duet with the singer Anna Wyszkoni.

</doc>
<doc id="21528243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528243" title="Stefan Andersson">
Stefan Andersson

Stefan Andersson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21528248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528248" title="Tropical Storm Tomas">
Tropical Storm Tomas

The name Tomas has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific:
The name Tomas has also been used twice in the Southwest Pacific Ocean:
After the 2009-10 season, the name Tomas was retired in the South Pacific, the replacement name has not been chosen yet.
The name Tomas was retired in the North Atlantic after the 2010 season, and will be replaced with Tobias for the 2016 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21528282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528282" title="Howard McCrum Snyder">
Howard McCrum Snyder

Major General Howard McCrum Snyder (February 7, 1881 - September 22, 1970) was a member of the United States Army Medical Corps, and Physician to the President for Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Early life.
General Snyder was born in Cheyenne, Wyoming. After receiving his M.D. degree from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia in 1905 he became a contract surgeon at Fort Douglas, Utah. His experience with military service was so favorable that he decided upon a military-medical career. He graduated from the U.S. Army Medical School in Washington, D.C. In June 1908 with high honors and was simultaneously commissioned a first lieutenant in the United States Army Medical Corps.
Career.
General Snyder’s first military assignment took him to the Philippines in 1909 where he served with the Research Board of Tropical Medicine. In 1911 he returned to the United States and, in the next twenty-five years, his varied command and instructional assignments took him to numerous posts in the United States and one in Puerto Rico. From 1936 to 1940 General Snyder was medical adviser to the National Guard Bureau in Washington, D.C.
From December 1940 until June 1945 General Snyder was Assistant to the Inspector General of the War Department, a job which required him to travel to all theaters of operations during World War II. Toward the end of the war Snyder became closely acquainted with Dwight D. Eisenhower and, although technically retired because of his age in March 1945, remained on active duty in Europe as General Eisenhower’s personal physician until after the surrender of Germany.
General Snyder continued his association with the Eisenhower family after the war, treating Mamie Eisenhower for pneumonia in November 1945 and, after retiring from military service, remaining close to Dwight D. Eisenhower while he was president of Columbia University. Dr. Snyder became senior adviser to the Conservation of Human Resources Project and Manpower Council, a project instituted by Eisenhower in 1950 to find ways of correcting the manpower wastage identified during World War II.
In January 1951 General Snyder was again called to active duty and was assigned to Supreme Headquarters, Allied Powers, Europe (SHAPE) where he soon became a special adviser to General Eisenhower. After being retired from military service once again, Snyder rode Eisenhower’s campaign train in September 1952 during Eisenhower’s successful bid for the presidency. 
After Eisenhower’s inauguration as President in January 1953, Snyder was appointed to the White House staff as the Physician to the President, and remained Eisenhower's personal physician throughout the administration. General Snyder’s duties in the White House involved providing close personal attention to the medical needs of Eisenhower and his family, as well as the White House staff. This personal attention included accompanying the president on overseas trips and those within the United States, vacations, and golf outings. He administered medications, took temperatures, gave the president daily medical advice and recorded observations on the president’s activities, disposition, and physical condition. General Snyder rendered initial treatment to Dwight Eisenhower when the president suffered a heart attack in September 1955 and was at the President’s side during his ileitis operation in June 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="21528292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528292" title="Stefano Sertorelli">
Stefano Sertorelli

Stefano Sertorelli (24 December 1911 – 17 December 1994) was an Italian soldier and skier.
Sertorello, son of Cantoniere Costante Sertorelli (d. 1922) and his wife Maria (1880–1956) was born in Bormio, Lombardy. The family was a real skiing family, for example his brother Erminio (1901–1979) was a successful cross-country skier, and his brother Giacinto (1914–1938), who died in an accident during a downhill race in 1938, was a successful alpine skier.
Stefano Sertorelli by himself served at the mountain warfare school of the Italian Army called "Scuola Militare di Alpinismo" (today: Centro Addestramento Alpino), which was founded in 1934. He was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team, which placed first at the 1936 Winter Olympics. Afterwards he preferred alpine skiing, took part in several national and international races and won several national championship titles. In the end of 1950 he founded together with the mountain guide and writer Lodovico Cusini the first skiing school of Livigno under the name "Scuola Sci Livitur".

</doc>
<doc id="21528295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528295" title="Back to Tennessee">
Back to Tennessee

Back to Tennessee is the eleventh studio album released from country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus. The album was released on April 7, 2009, on Lyric Street Records. It is also the follow-up album to 2007s "Home at Last". Originally planned to be released in July 2008, the album was pushed to new release dates five times. "Somebody Said a Prayer" was released as the album's lead-off single, and was a top 40 hit on the country charts in late 2008. The title track and "A Good Day" followed it as the second and third singles, reaching number 47 and number #59, respectively. Also on the album is "Butterfly Fly Away", a duet with daughter Miley Cyrus. The song is also on the "" soundtrack. Cyrus and Lyric Street Records parted ways shortly after the chart debut of "A Good Day".
Content.
"Somebody Said a Prayer", the title-track and "A Good Day" have been released from "Back to Tennessee". Additionally, "Butterfly Fly Away" (a duet with daughter Miley Cyrus), was released as a promotional single for "". 
"Thrillbilly", an album-cut, was also turned into a music video; it premiered on May 22, 2009. The song was originally planned to be the third single release from the album, but it was later changed to "A Good Day".
The song "I Could Be the One" was recorded and released by country music singer Glen Templeton as his debut single in April 2011. The song debuted at number 58 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week ending July 30, 2011. "He's Mine" also appears on Rodney Atkins' 2011 album "Take a Back Road", from which it was released as a single in late 2011.
"Somebody Said a Prayer".
The album's first single, "Somebody Said a Prayer", was released to radio on August 16, 2008, where it debuted at number 53 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. Due to the success of its predecessor, "Ready, Set, Don't Go", critics were expecting the song to be Cyrus' solo comeback to country music. However, the song only managed to reach a peak of number 33 in November 2008.
"Somebody Said a Prayer" was also made into a music video, directed by Roman White. It was then released to CMT and GAC in September 2008.
"Back to Tennessee".
The title track to the album was then released as the second single on February 2, 2009. However, the song entered the charts for the week of March 14, 2009, where it entered at number 59. That same week, Cyrus' daughter, Miley Cyrus, charted her first solo country single, "The Climb", which also entered for the week of March 14, at number 48. With father-daughter charting separate singles at the same time, it made chart history. That was the first time a father-daughter charted their own singles since Johnny Cash and Rosanne Cash did so in 1990. Both singles were released in promotion of "Hannah Montana: The Movie". The music video for "Back to Tennessee" debuted on CMT on March 12, 2009, directed by Declan Whitebloom.
"A Good Day".
The third single from the album is "A Good Day", which was released on July 20, 2009. However, the single did not enter the country songs chart until September 5, where it entered at number 60. After spending two non-consecutive weeks on the country charts, the song managed to peak at number 59, following the departure of Cyrus from Lyric Street Records.
The song's narrator recalls a "good day" that he had with a former lover. Bobby Peacock of Roughstock reviewed the song unfavorably, saying, "Amidst a generic wall of guitars courtesy of (over)producer Mark Bright, Cyrus starts off in that soft yet gritty tone that has worked so well on many of his other ballads. Somewhere along the way, though, he loses interest and fades into a lifeless monotone. Even more unusual is that half of the words in the chorus come out forced and clipped."
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Mark Bright, except "Butterfly Fly Away", which was produced by Glen Ballard and Alan Silvestri. In the United Kingdom version of the album, "Ready, Set, Don't Go" and "Over the Rainbow" were added.
Chart performance.
Album.
The album debuted at number 41 on the U.S. "Billboard" all-genre 200, number 42 on the all-genre Top Comprehensive Albums and number 13 on the Top Country Albums chart, as well as number 21 in Canada. In its opening week, "Back to Tennessee" sold approximately 14,000 copies in the U.S. As of May 23, 2009, the album has sold 29,000 copies in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="21528314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528314" title="Guillaume Schnaebelé">
Guillaume Schnaebelé

Guillaume Schnaebelé or Wilhelm Schnäbele (1831 in Eckbolsheim near Strasbourg – 5 December 1900 in Nancy, France) was an Alsace-born French official best known for being arrested by Germans in the April 1887 Schnaebele incident (or Affair) which nearly led to war between France and Germany.
Who caused the incident and why remains speculative, but it has been suggested German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck was its instigator, for a number of possible motivations: baiting France into starting a war; or, gauging the extent of French support for Boulangism; or, creating a strained situation with France to force the renewal of a Russian-German alliance of neutrality that was under debate at the Russian court. Others see it as simply a series of unintended consequences, notable for the role played by France's General Boulanger. This and a number of other incidents involving General Georges Ernest Boulanger are elements of what is known as the Boulanger Affair, a series of embarrassments for the newly formed government of the French Third Republic that some consider to have nearly led to a coup d'état.
Biography.
Guillaume Schnaebelé or "Wilhelm Schnäbele" was an Alsatian born in 1831 in Eckbolsheim. After the Franco-Prussian War and Germany's subsequent annexation of Alsace in 1871, he emigrated to France, probably altering the spelling of his name accordingly. He had served in the war and was awarded a Knight of the Legion of Honor. After the incident of 1887 he was moved to a post at Laon. He died December 5, 1900. 
In 2005, as part of the arrival of the TGV to Pagny-sur-Moselle, a bridge was named after Schnaebelé.
Schnaebele Affair.
On April 21, 1887, the French Havas news agency published a dispatch to the effect that Schnaebelé, a mid-level and obscure French police inspector, had been arrested by two agents of the German secret police on the Franco-German frontier near Pagny-sur-Moselle, as he was on his way to Ars-sur-Moselle for a meeting with the German police inspector there, at the latter's request. A dispute followed as to whether the arrest had taken place on French or on German territory (see "Account of incident" below); but regardless, the French claimed that under the circumstances Schnaebelé was entitled to immunity even if on German territory, since he had been invited to a conference by German officials. The reason given by the German authorities for the arrest was that in a previous inquiry into charges of treasonable practices against a number of Alsatians, evidence had been produced that Schnaebelé was involved in transmitting to Paris information as to German fortresses, furnished by Alsatians in the pay of the French Government, and that an order had been given to arrest him if ever he should be found on German soil. In other words, the Germans believed Schnaebelé to be a spy.
Within a week of his arrest, on April 28, Schnaebelé was released by order of the German Emperor William I. In a dispatch of the same date to the French ambassador at Berlin, Bismarck explained that, although the German Government considered, in view of the proofs of guilt, the arrest to be fully justified, it was deemed expedient to release Schnaebelé on the ground that business meetings between frontier officials "must always be regarded as protected by a mutually-assured safe conduct." Thus ended the Schnaebelé incident.
The week-long incident, between April 21 and 28, had such threatening and provocative language from both sides, as to cause serious concern of war. A large section of the German press demanded that Germany make no concession. In France, the Cabinet voted 6 to 5 against an ultimatum demanding the release of Schnaebelé with an apology, which would almost certainly have meant war, as had happened with the Ems Dispatch in 1870. The proposed ultimatum had been put forward by French war hawk and Minister of War Georges Ernest Boulanger, who also brought in a bill to mobilise an army corps.
After Schnaebelé's release and Bismarck's letter, many in the French public thought Bismarck backed down, because he was afraid of Boulanger which increased Boulanger's rising star as a national hero and bolstered his image as a "Revenger" for France against Germany. However, it was, in truth, an embarrassment to the Republican government, who knew the French army was no better off than in 1870, when Germany quickly defeated it in the Franco Prussian War — Boulanger's antagonism against Germany during the week long crisis was indeed a danger to the Republic. For this and other reasons, on July 7, 1887 Boulanger was released as Minister of War and dispatched by the government to a provincial post to be hopefully forgotten, but not before admiring throngs tried to stop his train from leaving Paris: loyal to his military orders, he was smuggled out in a switched engine.
Cause of incident.
The reasons for the arrest and release of Schnaebelé have never been entirely explained, but there are theories, both contemporary and modern.
Contemporary theorists include Elie de Cyon, who asserted that Bismarck brought about the incident intentionally (for reasons explained below); that Czar Alexander III, made apprehensive for the peace of Europe, wrote an autographic letter to William I in regard to the matter, and that the Kaiser, going over the head of his chancellor Bismarck, ordered the release of Schnaebelé. Several French politicians at the time suspected the incident of being a calculated experiment by Bismarck to gauge the depth of the anti-German feeling in France, a means of testing, by an incident, which could be closed at any time by a mere apology, without any shock to German national dignity, whether Boulanger had a sufficient following in public opinion to make Boulangism a real danger to peace. In Germany, the incident occurred during a time when Bismarck was trying to force a new and very expensive military law through the Reichstag, and it has occasionally been speculated that it was necessary to inflame the menace of war to justify these new taxes. However, the Army Bill was passed on March 11, three weeks before Schnaebelé crossed the border. Bismarck might have been trying to agitate conflict with France before Germany's treaty of neutrality with Russia expired that year (signed in 1881 and renewed in 1884) — Germany knew from experience that it could not afford a war with France without a neutral or allied Russia. Russia would only remain neutral if the responsibility for war was cast on the French, as happened in 1870. When the French government stood its ground and presented an irrefutable case, failing to throw the responsibility on the French, Bismarck knew, from previous experience, that he could not count on Russia's neutrality if conflict came, and he had to back down: Schnaebelé was therefore set free. Related to the Russians, Bismarck may have wanted to create a strained situation with France, to counteract the Panslavist party in Russia, who, at the time, were lobbying the cabinet of the Russian Emperor not to renew the Russian-German alliance.
Modern research suggests a simpler explanation. Schnaebelé was, in fact engaged in espionage, working under the express request of Boulanger. However, Schnaebelé had been invited onto German territory by his German counterpart, which was a guarantee of safe-conduct, and thus his arrest, whilst on German territory, was legally irregular, which is why Bismarck agreed to his release. Bismarck had backed down, exclusively, because of the circumstances surrounding the arrest.
Account of incident.
According to one account, the incident occurred as follows: It was a cool day and Schnaebelé was wearing a coat and top hat. He walked briskly on the road leading from Nancy (France) to Metz (then in Lothringen, German Empire). The road is deserted. To his left are two French brothers working in a vineyard. To his right are a number of German railroad workers out of sight, but within hearing distance. Gautsch, his German colleague of Ars-sur-Moselle who he is supposed to meet, is not in sight. Schnaebelé wonders if Gautsch has reneged on the meeting. Schnaebelé is waiting impatiently, a few steps from the German side. Suddenly, a man in a gray blouse appears from the German side, hails Schnaebelé, then rushes at him, trying to lead him into Germany. Schnaebelé successfully resists but then a second man in a gray blouse appears. Returning a few steps into French territory, Schnaebelé exclaims (in German): "What do you want from me? I'm Guillaume Schnaebele Commissioner Special Pagny. I am here at home! This is the border." His two attackers do not listen and continue to grapple him across the border. The two French farmers do not intervene, but the six German rail workers on hearing the cries for help come into view. But what they see deters action: the two assailants remove their blouses and are shown to be wearing uniforms of the German police. Everything is then perfectly clear. They handcuff Schnaebelé by the wrist and lead him on foot to the village of Novéant and then by train to Metz. There he is thrown into prison and held incommunicado.

</doc>
<doc id="21528323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528323" title="2005 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three">
2005 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three

The 2005 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three was a support race for the 2005 Monaco Grand Prix held on the Circuit de Monaco in Monte Carlo. It was the first time Formula Three cars had raced at Monaco since 1997, and remains the last to date. The race was the fourth round of 2005 Formula Three Euroseries. The first race was held on May 20, and the second race held on the May 21.

</doc>
<doc id="21528334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528334" title="Uppsala University Coin Cabinet">
Uppsala University Coin Cabinet

The Uppsala University Coin Cabinet is one of Sweden's most important public coin and medal collections, and situated at the Uppsala University Main Building. The history of the collection goes back to the 17th century. In total, it comprises close to 40,000 objects today.

</doc>
<doc id="21528343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528343" title="Swainson Island Group">
Swainson Island Group

The Swainson Island Group lies off the coast of southern part of the West Coast of Tasmania consists of five islands: Lourah Island, the Shanks Island Group, Hay Island, Big Caroline Rock, and Swainson Island off the coast of Tasmania. 

</doc>
<doc id="21528381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528381" title="Chicago Fire NPSL">
Chicago Fire NPSL

Chicago Fire NPSL is an American soccer team based in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Founded in 2007, the team plays in National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), a national amateur league at the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Midwest Division. 
The team plays its home games on the turf practice field at Toyota Park in Bridgeview, Illinois, where the senior Chicago Fire team plays. The team's colors are red and white.
History.
The team began an offshoot of the Rockford Raptors organization, who were members of the old USISL in the early 1990s, and played for seven seasons in the USISL Pro League and USL Premier Development League, reaching the Conference Playoffs on two occasions before leaving the league at the end of the 2000 season. 
The team re-formed in 2007 and played their first season in the National Premier Soccer League in Rockford, Illinois as the Raptors, before moving to Bridgeview and adopting their current name prior to the 2008 season after signing a formal agreement to become an official development program for the Chicago Fire Major League Soccer programme. The NPSL team often shares players with its counterpart in the USL Premier Development League, with players moving from the NPSL team to the PDL team when the NPSL season ends.
Players.
2010 Roster.
"Source:" [http://www.nationalpremiersoccerleague.com/teams/21727632/14177494-21727682/TEAM.html]

</doc>
<doc id="21528382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528382" title="Parminder">
Parminder

Parminder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21528384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528384" title="Dunvegan Formation">
Dunvegan Formation

The Dunvegan Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Cenomanian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
It takes the name from the settlement of Dunvegan, Alberta, and was first described in an outcrop on Peace River near Dunvegan by George Mercer Dawson in 1881.
Lithology.
The Dunvegan Formation is composed of marine, and deltaic sandstone with thin shale interbeds in the Peace River Country. East of Dunvegan it is of marine origin, and in its western reaches in British Columbia it was deposited in a continental facies, where the sandstone becomes more conglomeratic. Brackish water environment was present in the Wapiti River area and south of Grande Prairie, where the formation is porous.
Hydrocarbon production.
The Dunvegan Formation had an initial established recoverable oil reserve of 9.9 million m³, with 3.1 million m³ already produced as of 2008. Gas reserves totaled 18.7 million m³, with 4.5 million m³ already produced.
Distribution.
The Dunvegan Formation is thick in its type locality in Peace River Country and up to in the sub-surface of the Canadian Rockies foothills. It occurs south of Fort Nelson and the Liard River in north-east British Columbia, thins out south of the Peace River Country and disappears south of the Athabasca River.
The Dunvegan Formation is exposed in outcrop along and near the Peace River east of the foothills, in the Peace River Country and the Chinchaga area, as well as patches in north-western Alberta and south of the Caribou Mountains.
Relationship to other units.
The Dunvegan Formation is conformably overlain by the Kaskapau Formation in the Peace River Country and overlies conformably and transitionally the shale of the Fort St. John Group.

</doc>
<doc id="21528386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528386" title="Nyota Radio Television">
Nyota Radio Television

Nyota Radio Télévision (commonly referred to as Nyota TV and Nyota FM) is a private commercial TV and radio station based in Lubumbashi, Province of Katanga broadcasting to the local population on issues that are closely related to them, therefore living up to its motto ""La chaîne la plus proche de vous"", meaning "The station that is the closest in relation with you (its population)". The network was founded in the summer of 2007. Beside being a network that is close to its people; Nyota TV is sporting network, that lives up to its second motto ""La chaîne qui fait du sport réellement son affaire"" meaning "the station that really makes of sports its own affair".
History.
After only one year of existence, Nyota TV has quickly advanced in televisions broadcasting in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Its achievement includes a homemade broadcasting truck, from which two of the 2008 CAF Champions League games were broadcast from and the live feed signal was sent via satellite for the live broadcasting of the games across Africa and the rest of the world on many other channels. The station continues to broadcast events that are shown in the capital city of kinshasa via satellite.
Programming.
News.
As a station that prides itself on staying close to the people it serves, Nyota TV and Nyota FM puts a lot of effort in providing the latest and most accurate news to its viewers. This effort has paid off as the main TV news edition broadcast every day at 7:00PM local time is the most watched program of the network. In the evening alone, Nyota TV broadcasts four different editions of the news starting at 6:00PM with "Tarifa Ya Habari" (the edition in Swahili), at 7:00PM the main edition in French, at 9:00PM an updated version of the main edition without a host and the last edition comes at 11:00PM, all times are local. 
As of November 8, 2008 the 9:00PM edition of the news can be seen daily on the internet by visiting the network's website www.nyota.net
Sport.
"Nyota TV" and "Nyota FM" are well known for the wide variety of sporting events that it covers throughout the province of Katanga. The network broadcasts several programs relating to sports during the week as well as on week-ends. The network's main sport show is "Sport Star" which is a daily sport news show with a special edition on Mondays called "Tempo Sport" covering all the sporting events from the past week-end as well as other sport related topics that are making the headline not only around the province but also around the country. Other sports shows produced by the network are "Sportissimo(radio), Timu Kubwa (show in Swahili), Le Sportif parle, All sports, Plein foot (concentrated on soccer), Clein d'oeil(radio)".
Education.
Throughout the week, the network provides educational programs that allows the population of the Katanga region to better tackle obstacles that may come their way in their daily activities. Such programs are:

</doc>
<doc id="21528390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528390" title="Kent Jones (golfer)">
Kent Jones (golfer)

Kent Jones (born January 8, 1967) is an American professional golfer. 
Jones was born in Portales, New Mexico. He graduated from the University of New Mexico with Bachelor's (1990) and Masters (1991) degrees in business administration. He turned professional in 1992.
Jones has played on the Canadian Tour (1993–94), the Hooters Tour (1995), the Nationwide Tour (1996–97, 2000), and the PGA Tour (1998–99, 2001–09). He has two wins on the Nationwide Tour, both coming in 2000.
Jones career best placed finish on the PGA Tour is a T6 at the 2006 84 Lumber Classic. His career earnings are over $4.5M.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="21528396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528396" title="Lindy DeKoven">
Lindy DeKoven

Lindy DeKoven is an author, television executive, and executive producer. She was Executive Vice President of NBC overseeing movies and miniseries 
DeKoven produced "Listen Up!", a comedy series for CBS Television as well as, television pilots, miniseries, and made-for-TV movies for networks such as ABC, CBS, The CW, NBC, and The WB.
DeKoven ordered to production: "Merlin", "Gulliver’s Travels", "The Odyssey", "The Temptations", ', "A Woman of Independent Means'The 60’s"[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0169528/, "The 70’s"[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0224821/], "Asteroid", "Noah's Ark", "The Beast", "Crime & Punishment", "Pandora's Clock", "The NBC Monday Night Movie" female-teen franchise featuring "Beverly Hills, 90210" stars, such as Tori Spelling, Tiffani Amber Thiessen, Brian Austin Green, Michelle Williams, and Jennie Garth, which was among the first television programs to feature soundtracks by new artists.
DeKoven is featured in the award winning documentary feature film, "Miss Representation." 
DeKoven is the author of the novel, "Primetime Princess" 
Biography.
Career.
DeKoven was director of network television development at Walt Disney Television, followed by vice president of creative affairs for Alan Landsburg Productions. She was later hired by Leslie Moonves at Warner Brothers Television and then NBC, where she worked under Don Ohlmeyer. Later she became an executive producer at Paramount/CBS. 
DeKoven became vice president, movies and miniseries at the Warner Brothers Television. She was responsible for the development of all long-form projects for network and pay/cable television, including the highly rated, "Men Don’t Tell"and the Emmy Award winners, "Miss Rose White" and "O Pioneers"[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105038/. 
DeKoven was executive vice president of NBC Entertainment and NBC Productions. She was responsible for developing and ordering over 200 movies and miniseries, in addition to managing the in-house production company and a network staff. As executive producer, her notable projects included "Listen Up!", a situation comedy starring Jason Alexander for Paramount/CBS, and later the pilot, "Mermaids", starring Sela Ward, for Touchstone/ABC. DeKoven joined Paramount/CBS where she was an executive producer. Her projects included, the pilots, "Bones", "The Bobby Knight Show", and "Waiting", and the miniseries "Sea Creatures" for CBS. 
DeKoven is featured in Jennifer Siebel Newsom's documentary feature film, "Miss Representation"
DeKoven's novel, "Primetime Princess" was featured on CBS' "The Talk" It was optioned by The Tannenbaum Company and CBS Studios. Her next book will be published June, 2014.
Political appointments.
DeKoven was appointed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to the California Film Commission. DeKoven served on the California State Parks & Recreation Commission after Clint Eastwood and Bobby Shriver’s terms had expired. Schwarzenegger re-appointed DeKoven to the California Commission on the Status of Women [http://www.women.ca.gov/, where she serves as chair. She also serves on the Board of the Governor and First Lady’s Women’s Conference of California [http://www.californiawomen.org/], as well as the board of directors of Los Angeles Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
DeKoven has served on the board of directors of the Koreh L.A. Literacy Program as well as the board of trustees at the Greater Los Angeles Zoo Association. She is a past member of the Museum of Television Executive Roundtable, The AFI Second Decade Council, The AFI Women’s Directing Workshop [http://www.afi.com/education/dww/ Advisory Committee, Hollywood Radio & Television Society Board Member, and Women In Film [http://www.wif.org/ Executive Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="21528403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528403" title="Abdallah Guennoun">
Abdallah Guennoun

Abdallah Guennoun (Born in 1908 in Fes - died 9 July 1989 in Tangier) was a famous, and influential Moroccan essayist. In 1927 and 1928, he wrote a three-volume book titled "An Nubûgh Al Maghribi" ("The genius of Morocco"), where he assesses the excellence of Moroccan literature and philosophy.
Guennoun taught at the universities of Cairo, Damascus, Baghdad, and Amman.
On Guennoun.
Tánger: Madrasa al-Malik Fahd al-Uliyâ li-l-Tardjuma, 1991.
Abstract: Abdallah Guennun. Estudio biográfico y literario.

</doc>
<doc id="21528406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528406" title="List of clergy in the American Revolution">
List of clergy in the American Revolution

This is a list of clergy in the American Revolution:

</doc>
<doc id="21528422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528422" title="Roots &amp; Wings International">
Roots &amp; Wings International

Roots & Wings International is a non-profit organization that provides college scholarships and other academic services to indigneous people of Guatemala.
History.
The organization was started in 2004 by Erik Swanson and is headquartered in Washington, D.C.. The stated mission of Roots & Wings International is to "create educational opportunities to promote development as defined by local communities." Swanson believes that educating children is the best way to fight poverty.
Roots & Wings International's scholarship recipients come from impoverished communities in rural Guatemala where K'iche' is the native language. The college scholarships are awarded on the basis of need and merit. Most scholarship recipients are the first in their families to study past elementary school. In addition to the scholarship program, Roots & Wings International provides tutoring to elementary school children.
The law firm Morrison & Foerster LLP provides pro bono representation for Roots & Wings International.
In 2008, Roots & Wings International raised approximately $25,000.
Programs.
Partnership with BuyWell Coffee.
One method in which Roots & Wings International raises funds is by selling fair trade coffee from BuyWell Coffee, a major corporate sponsor. The coffee plant is the primary cash crop of the communities in which Roots & Wings International operates, and BuyWell Coffee purchases coffee beans from this region.
Technology Center.
With the help of TECO Energy, Roots and Wings International was able to open a Technology Center in the village of Pasac on November 12, 2010. The center provides computer literacy classes that have been certified by the Guatemalan Ministry of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="21528428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528428" title="Kramatorsk nuclear poisoning incident">
Kramatorsk nuclear poisoning incident

The Kramatorsk nuclear poisoning incident was a radiation accident that happened in Kramatorsk, Ukrainian SSR, USSR from 1980 to 1989. In 1989, a small capsule containing highly radioactive caesium-137 was found inside the concrete wall of an apartment building, with the surface gamma-radiation exposure dose rate of 1800 R/year (therefore theorically exposing to 18 sievert a year an inhabitant that would have stayed constantly just at this point).
It is believed that the capsule, originally a part of a measurement device, was lost in the late 1970s and ended up mixed with gravel used to construct the building in 1980. Radiation sources of that type were normally used as components of radioisotope process monitoring devices. Specialists admit that the source might have dropped out of the device (most likely a level meter) and mixed with raw material later used to manufacture the panel.
Over 9 years, two families had lived in the apartment. By the time the capsule was discovered, 6 residents of the building died from leukemia and 17 more received varying doses of radiation. The accident was detected only after the residents had requested that the level of radiation be measured in the apartment by a health physicist.
The exact address where the accident occurred is Gvardeytsiv Kantemirovtsiv Street, Building 7, Apartment 85, between apartments 85 and 52.

</doc>
<doc id="21528433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528433" title="Amable Jodoin">
Amable Jodoin

Amable Jodoin (May 31, 1828 – January 8, 1880) was a businessman and political figure in Quebec. He represented Chambly in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1875 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Boucherville, Lower Canada, the son of Amable Jodoin and Esther Weilbrenner. Jodoin served as a member of Montreal city council. He married Marie-Hélène Jodoin in 1853. Jodoin was a director of the Metropolitan Bank. In 1870, he purchased a foundry in Longueuil. The Jodoins also purchased several properties in the Old Montreal area. His election to the House of Commons in 1874 was overturned; he won the by-election which followed in 1875 but that election was again appealed; Pierre Basile Benoit won the by-election held in 1876. Jodoin died four years later at the age of 51 in Beloeil, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="21528446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528446" title="Rolston cabin">
Rolston cabin

History.
In 1938 Bill Rolston built a rustic log cabin on land he had purchased from a friend, Mr. Chandler. His wife Francis Rolston and friends John and Ruth Gaskin also helped with the construction. For years to come it was the site of a turkey shoot, gatherings of friends and family and campfires. The cabin was a place for fun and adventure. Bill Rolston was often seen are around the cabin dressed in frontier garb hunting for dinner.
About.
The cabin is within the woods and has its own secluded pond. It is a semi-rustic cabin. There is electricity, lighting and a kitchen that has a refrigerator, microwave, stove and kitchen table. The living space includes a fold out couch, television and fireplace. The cabin also includes a loft above that has an additional four beds. There is an outhouse, hand pump, fire pit, picnic table and grill are also available directly outside the cabin.
Features.
The cabin is available all year round. Heat is provided by a fireplace during the winter. During the summer the woods keep the cabin cool. The cabin also offers some items left behind by other guests. These things include cooking supplies, cups, plates and even food. There is also a visitors log book in the cabin that guests leave small journal entries in about their stay at the cabin.
Activities.
The cabin offers a historical getaway. Holly Recreation Area has almost of rolling woodlands, several lakes, picnicking, swimming, fishing, hiking, cross-country ski trails, rowboat, canoe and paddleboats. All of these activities are in walking distance. The small pond next to the cabin has no fish but is available during the winter as a skating rink.

</doc>
<doc id="21528454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528454" title="Yes Boss (TV series)">
Yes Boss (TV series)

Yes Boss is an Indian comedy-series that aired on SAB TV channel every weekday at different times, from Thursday to Sunday. The previous seasons of the series were also shown on SAB TV's sister channel, Sony TV, as well as on TV Asia channel in USA. It was one of the longest running comedy sitcoms, in production for just over Ten years. The program aired on SAB TV at 8:30 PM IST on Fridays.
Plot.
Produced by SABTNL and aired on SAB TV every Friday Yes Boss is a comedy serial set in an office.
Meera (Kavita Kapoor) and Mohan (Rakesh Bedi) are married and working in the same office. They have not revealed their relationship to their boss Mr Varma (Aasif Sheikh), who does not miss any chance of flirting with Meera. Mohan hates it and spends most of his time protecting his wife from Varma.The story revolves around a news channel company (earlier an ad agency) where Vinod Verma (Aashif Sheikh) works as the chief editor of the company, Mohan Srivastava (Rakesh Bedi) works as the Junior Supervisor and Meera Srivastava (Kavita Kapoor) works as the chief reporter. As Vinod has a crush on Meera, he tries to flirt with her; but she is married with Mohan, who shares a bitter-sweet relationship with Verma. Mohan has concealed this secret from the world, mainly Vinod. In Vinod's eyes, Meera is married to a very old person named Bunty-Ji, who is Mohan himself disguised as an old man, partly to irritate Vinod. The wife of Mr.Verma, Kavita Verma (Delnaaz Paul) also tries to stop this flirting of Vinod with Meera, and thus with new ideas Verma tries to flirt with Meera; it is up to Mohan to save his wife from the ever-flirtatious Vinod, some crooked way or the other.
600th Episode.
Yes Boss viewed its 600th episode in August 2008. In this special episode, all the characters came together and celebrated by cutting a cake.
End.
Yes Boss came to an end July 31, 2009. A Sri Lankan version of the same name was adapted, and recently concluded. It was broadcast on Sirasa TV.

</doc>
<doc id="21528457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528457" title="Center for Scientific and Technical Creativity of the Youth">
Center for Scientific and Technical Creativity of the Youth

Centers for Scientific and Technical Creativity of the Youth , NTTM) were established in late Soviet Union during "perestroika" as enterprises whose goal was commercialization of science and technology.
Other translations of the Russian term are Scientific and Technical Creativity of Youth Center, Youth Center for Scientific Creativity, etc.
The Centers were introduced by a joint decree of the USSR Council of Ministers, All-Union Central Council of Trade Unions, and Komsomol Central Committee no. 321 (March 13, 1987) "об образовании единой общегосударственной системы научно-технического творчества молодежи". They were established as subsidiaries of Komsomol "raikoms".
The Centers enjoyed various benefits, including no taxes, only 3% contribution to the all-union fund.
Fortunes of quite a few "new Russians", notably Mikhail Khodorkovsky arose from these Centers.
The Centers continue to exist in modern Russia.
Similar establishments were the Foundations of Youth Initiatives (фонды молодёжных инициатив, ФМИ).

</doc>
<doc id="21528475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528475" title="Yunioshi">
Yunioshi

Yunioshi are an electro rock band from Nottingham, England, formed in October 2006. They describe their sound as "robot funk". The name Yunioshi came from I.Y. Yunioshi, a character in Truman Capote's "Breakfast at Tiffany's".
Their sound has been described as 'the exact place where found sounds and breakbeats merge with left of centre indie pop; all lilting Beck-style rhythms and hummable hooks' (TuneTribe.com) or maybe "Think Beck dry humping the Flaming Lips with the robot from Lost In Space looking on and filming all the action for his own personal collection. The perfect pop band. They're as catchy as hell." (LeftLion Magazine)
History.
Their single, "Mymo", was used by Kia for the soundtrack to their UK television advertising campaign "Cube" for the Kia Carens model between December 2006 and February 2007.
Other tracks that have been used in advertising include "Thunderbird", which was used to advertise South Park on Comedy Central as well as being used numerous times by Sky Sports and Setanta Sports. "Leisure Rules" was also used as part of Vauxhall Astra campaign.
Yunioshi have been selected by BBC Introducing as a band to look out for. They have recorded sessions at BBC Maida Vale Studios as well as performed on various BBC Introducing festivals stages in the UK. They have appeared live on Tom Robinsons BBC 6Music show as well as further airplay on Steve Lamacq, Huw Stephens and local BBC radio shows. There was even a quiz about us on Stephen Merchants BBC 6music show.
They played the Bloom, Summer Sundae Weekender and Splendour Festivals, during July and August 2009. In 2010 the band played numerous live events in the UK to a growing fan base. Later in the year they went to Reykjavik to play the Iceland Airwaves Festival. Upon their return from Iceland they headlined the Hockley Hustle festival at Nottingham Contemporary.
They provide cake for their audiences at live shows. They refer to the Yunioshi Catering Corporation as the provider of the cake. There is normally a link to the event or venue in some tenuous way.

</doc>
<doc id="21528487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528487" title="Just Out">
Just Out

Just Out is an LGBTQ publication in Portland, Oregon founded in 1983
by Jay Brown and Renee LaChance.
It ceased publication as a semimonthly newspaper in December 2011. In February 2012, Glenn-Kipp Publishing, Inc purchased the Just Out brand assets and as of June 1, 2012 Just Out is now being published as a monthly LGBTQ magazine.
The magazine is available for free at hundreds of businesses across the Portland metropolitan area, and free digital copies are available as PDF files on the web site.
Former contributors to "Just Out" include novelist Marc Acito, Pink Martini pianist Thomas Lauderdale, and prize-winning reporter Peter Zuckerman.
USA Today best-selling author Andy Mangels also wrote for the newspaper multiple times over a 25-year period, mostly in the early 2000s.
History.
The newspaper's web site used to list many outdoor boxes and other places where "Just Out" was distributed at no charge. These drop sites could be found throughout the Portland metro area. Up until the mid-2000s there were drop sites elsewhere in Oregon, By the time the paper stopped publication in December 2011, some communities across Oregon had begun receiving "Just Out" again, including two distribution points in Klamath Falls.
On January 21, 2009, "Just Out"'s editorial board issued a statement
calling on recently inaugurated Portland mayor Sam Adams to resign, in light of his admission that he had covered up a sexual relationship with a state legislative intern in order to avoid disruptions to his mayoral campaign.
Mid-March 2009, three employees — news editor Jaymee Cuti, arts-and-culture editor Jim Radosta, and art director Blake Martinez — resigned because they had not been paid in full since late January, nor on time for six months. Publisher Marty Davis cited the economic recession and a resulting downturn in ad revenue as the cause of financial troubles.
On December 26, 2011, publisher Marty Davis announced that "Just Out" was out of business effective immediately,
with its December 9 issue being its last.
A couple months later, on February 14, 2012, it was announced that Glenn-Kipp Publishing, Inc., had acquired "Just Out", with Jonathan Kipp as the new publisher, and "Just Out" would resume publication.
Kipp had once contributed to "Just Out" for two years.
It has returned as a monthly high-quality magazine starting June 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21528499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528499" title="Karl Larsen">
Karl Larsen

Karl Larsen (born September 25, 1968) is an American photographer who is known for photographing several celebrities. His best known shot is one of Paris Hilton crying in the back of a police car after she was sentenced to serve time in jail for driving while intoxicated.
Early life.
Larsen was born in Brooklyn, New York, however, considers upstate Woodstock, New York his hometown. He graduated with a B.S. from State University of New York Binghamton in 1991.
Career.
Larsen started his professional career in 1997 by being the house photographer for the House of Blues in West Hollywood. Larsen would also shoot his friends in bands such as The Start and Stargunn on the Sunset Strip. His photos of a crying Paris Hilton in the back seat of a Los Angeles County Sheriff's cruiser on June 8, 2007 were published worldwide; however, Larsen was photographing Hilton alongside photographer Nick Ut. Two photographs emerged; the more famous photo of Hilton was credited to Ut despite being Larsen's photo.
"Rolling Stone" magazine.
Larsen has been a contributing photographer for "Rolling Stone" magazine since 2002, taking portraits of bands from The Doors of the 21st Century to Velvet Revolver. However, Larsen, is best known for his live concert contributions by being sent on assignments from nationwide to Europe to Canada and to Japan from Farm Aid and to the world's largest concert ever, The Rolling Stones on the Copacabana Beach in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil in 2006.
Personal life.
Larsen married Brazilian native Anelize Ferrer Flores in 2005. They currently live in Hollywood, California
Filmography.
The following list was compiled from the International Movie Database:

</doc>
<doc id="21528505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528505" title="Tropical Storm Ursula">
Tropical Storm Ursula

The name Ursula has been used for one tropical cyclone (except PAGASA name TCs) in Western Pacific.
The name Ursula has also been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.
The name Ursula has also been used for two tropical cyclones in the Southwest Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="21528515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528515" title="Kauf MICH! (song)">
Kauf MICH! (song)

"Kauf MICH!" ("Buy ME!") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the fourth single and the seventh track from the album "Kauf MICH!". The single cover is designed as a typical washing powder box.
The uniqueness of the song is, that lyrically narrator puts himself "on the market", coinciding with the theme of commercialism.
One of the b-sides, "Der heiße Draht", is based on an idea of people calling and singing DTH songs over the phone. For the single, this was divided in three parts. On the re-release of "Kauf MICH!", a best-of from these calls was made.
There is also an English version of the song, titled "Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is (Buy Me!)", which appeared on "Love, Peace & Money".
Music video.
The video was directed by Hans Neleman. It features mostly touring footage.

</doc>
<doc id="21528524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528524" title="Printed matter (patent law)">
Printed matter (patent law)

The term printed matter, in United States patent law, refers to information associated with an article of manufacture that is claimed to distinguish an article from similar articles already in the prior art. It was long used as a basis for rejecting claims, but in recent years the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has disapproved of its use.
The legal analysis of this issue speaks in terms of "printed matter" that is imprinted upon a "substrate." For example, letters might be printed on a piece of paper as substrate, in an extreme case. Or digitized information (the printed matter), such as a jpeg file representative of the Mona Lisa, might be encoded in an EPROM memory chip as substrate. A computer program (the printed matter) might be encoded in a computer-readable medium such as a hard disk (the substrate)----and thus be the subject of a so-called Beauregard claim. The current legal analysis, as expressed in the definitive decision on printed matter, "In re Gulack", is as follows: The differences between a newly claimed substrate bearing printed matter and a prior art substrate, where the only point of departure from the prior art is in the printed matter itself, are not entitled to patentable weight unless the printed matter and the substrate have a new and unobvious functional relationship. The analysis is thus essentially an obviousness analysis under section 103 of the patent law, rather than (as it was in earlier times) an analysis of statutory subject matter under what is now section 101 of the patent law.
Patents of this type still issue. One example is Seagate's SeaShield patent, No. U.S. Pat. 5,732,464 (method of informing users how to configure disc drive by putting label on shield), which is claimed to provide a functional relationship between the printed information and the metal shield on which it is imprinted.

</doc>
<doc id="21528542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528542" title="Edwin Hartmann">
Edwin Hartmann

Edwin Hartmann (October 3, 1910 – March 9, 1996) was a former Austrian soldier and skier.
Hartmann served at the Garnisonssportvereinigung Innsbruck ("garrison's sports union"). He and his comrades Haslwanter, Schuler, Kleißl, Niederkofler and Hartmann were state champion in 1933, and won the championships of Tyrol in 1935 and 1937. In 1934, Hartmann was champion of Kärnten and East Tyrol. He was also a member of the national Olympic military patrol team, which finished fourth at the 1936 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21528558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528558" title="Typhoon Queenie">
Typhoon Queenie

The name Queenie has been used for one tropical cyclone (except PAGASA name TCs) in Western Pacific.
The name Queenie has also been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21528619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528619" title="Franz Hiermann">
Franz Hiermann

Franz Hiermann was an Austrian soldier and skier.
Hiermann served at the 12th Alpenjäger Regiment in Innsbruck. Together with his comrades Wilhelm, Platzner and Schönheer he won the Austrian military patrol event in 1934. He was also a member of the national Olympic military patrol team, which finished fourth at the 1936 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21528625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528625" title="MSC Nuria">
MSC Nuria

The MSC Nuria is a container ship built in 2008 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the largest container ship ever constructed in Romania.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.
The Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A. also had a previous ship called "MSC Nuria" built in 1977 as the "Australian Venture" and operated under Saint Kitts and Nevis flag that was discharged in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21528684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528684" title="Kinloch Laggan">
Kinloch Laggan

Kinloch Laggan () is a hamlet located at the head of Loch Laggan in Newtonmore, Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village is situated 12 miles southwest of Newtonmore.

</doc>
<doc id="21528695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528695" title="Chemnitz Opera">
Chemnitz Opera

The Chemnitz Opera (Opernhaus Chemnitz) is an opera house and opera company in Chemnitz.
The building, designed by the German architect Richard Möbius, was constructed between 1906 and 1909. Following its destruction during World War II, it was reconstructed between 1947 and 1951. It was renovated again in 1988 - 1992, and is considered to be one of the most modern opera houses in Europe. The house can accommodate 720 patrons.
References.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="21528705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528705" title="Mehan Garden">
Mehan Garden

Mehan Garden is an open space in Manila, Philippines. It was established in 1858 by the Spanish colonial authorities as a botanical garden, called the "Jardín Botánico", outside the walled city.
History.
Botanical Garden.
It was one of a number of botanical gardens established in Asia by European colonial powers (for example, Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Indian Botanic Garden, Bogor Botanical Gardens, 1817).
Sebastián Vidal was the best known director of the garden. He came to the Philippines in 1871 to work in the forestry service ("Inspección General de Montes"). He was director between 1878 and his death in 1889. His obituary in "Popular Science Monthly" described him as "practically a pioneer in the investigation of the Philippine flora". (In fact, a flora of the archipelago had been published by Francisco Manuel Blanco, but it was unsatisfactory). For his publications on Philippine flora, Vidal not only collected specimens, but also studied Malesian flora held in European herbaria, such as the Kew herbarium.
Public Park.
The American occupiers of Manila decided that the site was not suitable for a botanical garden and was more suitable for a public park.
In 1913 it was renamed after John C. Mehan, who was in charge of Manila's parks and sanitation.
The Garden is the open space off Liwasang Bonifacio (across the Philippine Post Office Main Building), bounded by Taft Avenue, LRT Central Terminal, the Metropolitan Theater, and Manila City Hall. Inside the Garden are structures such as the Lawton Park n' Ride building and the Universidad de Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="21528723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528723" title="Billy Nungesser">
Billy Nungesser

William Harold "Billy" Nungesser (born January 1959) is the President of Plaquemines Parish in suburban New Orleans, Louisiana. A Republican, Nungesser was re-elected to a second four-year term in the 2010 general election, having defeated two opponents with more than 71 percent of the vote. His second term began on January 1, 2011. He made countless media appearances in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, including almost nightly guest appearances on the Cable News Network alongside journalist Anderson Cooper. Nungesser was recognized as the Face of the Oil Spill by major media outlets such as the "New Orleans Times-Picayune", New York Times, Associated Press, CNN, Reuters, and ABC News.
Plaquemines Parish consists of the final stretch of the Mississippi River before it connects with the Gulf of Mexico. Hurricane Katrina first made landfall in the southern end of Plaquemines, in the town of Empire, Louisiana.
Background.
Nungesser is the son of William "Billy" Nungesser (1924-2006) and the former Ruth Amelia Marks (1932-2012). From 1980 to 1984, the senior Nungesser was the chief of staff during David C. Treen's term as governor. He was later the state chairman of the Louisiana Republican Party, in which capacity he supported Patrick J. Buchanan for the party's 1992 presidential nomination. His mother was also active in Republican politics as a charter member of Republican Women of Louisiana and a delegate to state and national GOP conventions. Nungesser has a younger brother, Eric H. Nungesser and wife Carole, and two sisters, Nancy A. Nungesser and Heidi N. Landry and husband Marlon.
While working in his family's offshore catering business, Nungesser found an alternative use for metal ship containers. In 1991, he established General Marine Leasing Company, a business which provides portable living quarters for offshore workers. The company grew to employ two hundred people and reaching $20 million in sales. In 2004, he was the chairman for the Plaquemines Parish United Way. In 2004 and 2005, Nungesser worked with local business leaders to form the Plaquemines Association of Business and Industry or PABI, separate from the statewide Louisiana Association of Business and Industry. He served on the PABI board during the first years.
Political career.
In 1983, Governor Treen appointed the younger Nungesser to the Lake Pontchartrain and Maurepaus Study Commission. In 1985, Nungesser served on the Orleans Levee Board.
In 2006, Nungesser narrowly won the position of parish president by defeating the Democrat Amos Cormier, Jr. Nungesser polled 4,096 votes (51.1 percent) to Cormier's 3,920 ballots (48.9 percent). The incumbent parish president, Democrat Benny Rousselle, also a former state representative, was term-limited.
In February 2009, Governor Bobby Jindal appointed Nungesser to the Louisiana Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority. The CPRA consists of twenty members who develop a master plan on coastal protection for the state.
In 2010, Nungesser won re-election to parish president in a landslide, having defeated former parish presidents Amos Cormier and Benny Rousselle. Nungesser polled 5,632 votes (71 percent) to Cormier's 1,772 (22 percent) and Rousselle's 499 (6 percent).
In 2011, Nungesser waged a determined but unsuccessful race to unseat Lieutenant Governor Jay Dardenne, a fellow Republican who had formerly served as a state senator from Baton Rouge and as Louisiana secretary of state. Dardenne had been initially elected for a one-year unexpired term in 2010. Darden received 504,228 votes (53.1 percent) to Nungesser's 444,750 (46.9 percent). Nungesser defeated Dardenne in seventeen parishes, all in south Louisiana, including Orleans, Iberia, Jefferson, Lafayette, and St. Bernard, as well as his own Plaquemines Parish.
Parish President.
(2007-2010).
Much of his work in the first two years has been on hurricane recovery. The eye of Katrina passed over Buras-Triumph, and now the town of Buras has a new water tower.
The old tower was knocked to the ground during the hurricane.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) originally obligated $400,000 to rebuild the Port Eads Marina after Katrina. President Nungesser personally went to Washington, D.C., and appealed the amount. FEMA then authorized $12 million for the project.
He was heavily involved in the response to the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
2008 hurricanes.
Before Hurricane Gustav made landfall, President Nungesser took a proactive approach to protect the parish. He flew in a helicopter counting the number of vessels and barges that potentially would be a safety issue to people, property, and the levee system during a hurricane. His team called the owners of about 150 vessels and told them to move the vessels or the parish would sink them. Seventy of the 150 were sunk, some by the parish, some by the owners. There is no way to measure how much damage was prevented by this action.
Hurricane Ike passed hundreds of miles south of Plaquemines, but its tide surge did affect the parish. The water began rising against the levees on the east bank of Plaquemines near the Caernarvon freshwater diversion at Braithwaite. The structure allows fresh water from the Mississippi River to flow into the marsh on the east side of the river. Parish officials noticed the water in the river was not rising at the same rate. After consulting the Army Corps of Engineers, a quick decision was made to open the floodgates to permit the rising water flow into the Mississippi, hence relieving pressure on the levees.
(2011-2014).
Nungesser began his second term with a public cry for help in removing oil from eroded land at Bay Jimmy.
Coastal restoration.
Nungesser has a long term plan to protect residents, business and the parish from future storms. He collaborated with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Vicksburg, Mississippi, to create Plaquemines Restoration and Protection Plan which was released in 2009. The plan uses multiple lines of defense along with the levee system to protect the parish from future tropical systems. "If Plaquemines Parish is going to get better hurricane protection, then it’s going to need more than levees," Nungesser told the "Baton Rouge Morning Advocate."

</doc>
<doc id="21528725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528725" title="Cryptonephridium">
Cryptonephridium

In insect anatomy, a cryptonephridium is a structure present in most larval Lepidoptera and in other insects ("i.e.", Coleoptera) inhabiting relatively arid environments. 
The Malpighian tubules are not free in the hemocele but are bound to the wall of the rectum by the perinephric membrane. This structure allows efficient resorption of water from diuresis and absorption of atmospheric water that is present in the hindgut as humidity. An adaptation for water conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="21528750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528750" title="Josef Lindauer">
Josef Lindauer

Josef Lindauer was a Swiss soldier and skier.
Lindauer was a member of the Skiclub Schwyz, which was founded in 1917. He was also a member of the national Olympic military patrol team, which finished seventh at the 1936 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21528752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528752" title="2009 Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas">
2009 Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas

The 2009 Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 17th edition of the Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas, and was on the International category of the 2009 WTA Tour. It took place at the Club Campestre El Rancho in Bogotá, Colombia, from February 14 through February 22, 2009. This was the first year it was sponsored by Sony Ericsson.
World No. 11 Flavia Pennetta was the top-seeded player. Also in the field were 2008 semifinalist Carla Suárez Navarro, Argentine Gisela Dulko, defending champion Nuria Llagostera Vives, Klára Zakopalová, Mathilde Johansson, María José Martínez Sánchez, and Lourdes Domínguez Lino.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="21528767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528767" title="The Plain (disambiguation)">
The Plain (disambiguation)

The Plain is a name for the moderate party in the French Revolution.
The Plain may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21528793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528793" title="Moorhuhn">
Moorhuhn

Moorhuhn (distributed as Crazy Chicken in English-speaking countries) is a German casual game franchise for PCs and the Nintendo DS. It consists of more than 30 games, the first of which – a shoot 'em up – was Germany's most popular computer game in the early 2000s.
History.
The game (now distributed as "Die Original Moorhuhn Jagd") was developed by the Dutch "Witan" studios and the "Art Department" advertising agency as an advertisement for Johnnie Walker whisky in 1999. Imitating the Glorious Twelfth, the game's objective was to shoot down, through a point-and-click interface, as many cartoonish "swamp chickens" (; literally "moorhens", i.e. willow grouses) as possible in 90 seconds.
The game was originally not intended for distribution, but was made available to play on laptops in bars by promoters dressed up as hunters. It was soon illicitly copied, however, and became widely available for download on private websites. The publisher's initial irritation at this subsided after the game received favorable mentions in popular media and demand for it grew. From 2000 onwards the game was officially made available for download by "Art Department". It became wildly popular in German-speaking Europe, to the point of being denounced in the media as a threat to the bottom line of businesses, on account of the number of hours wasted by employees playing the game.
The game's success spawned a great deal of merchandise, a comic book series, an animated TV series, several motion picture scripts (although no movie was ever made) and a BMG-produced single ("Gimme more Huhn" by comedian Wigald Boning). It also caused Germany's authoritative "Duden" dictionary to include the word "Moorhuhn".
Corporate history.
Propelled by the game's popularity, its Bochum-based publisher "Phenomedia AG", who had acquired "Art Department", went public in late 1999 at the height of the dot-com bubble and attained a market value of up to one billion Euro.
In 2002, the stock value rapidly collapsed after it became known that the company's leaders were under investigation for falsifying balance sheets. Chairman of the "Vorstand" Markus Scheer and CFO ("Finanzvorstand") Björn Denhard, who confessed to the falsifications, were fired. In 2009, they were sentenced by a German court to 46 and 36 months' imprisonment, respectively, for securities fraud and other infractions.
Phenomedia AG underwent insolvency proceedings. Its assets, including the "Moorhuhn" series, were bought by a successor company, "phenomedia publishing GmbH", which continues to publish "Moorhuhn" games.
List of "Moorhuhn" games.
The following list, taken from the publisher's website, is current as of February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21528836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528836" title="Mississippi Gulf Coast Open">
Mississippi Gulf Coast Open

The Mississippi Gulf Coast Open was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1999 to 2000. It was played at The Oaks Golf Club in Pass Christian, Mississippi.
The purse in 2000 was US$400,000, with $72,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
BUY.COM Mississippi Gulf Coast Open
NIKE Mississippi Gulf Coast Open

</doc>
<doc id="21528859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528859" title="9° North">
9° North

9° North is an area in the Pacific Ocean donated to science as a way to study hydrothermal vents. First discovered in the 1970s, 9° North is one way for scientists to study how these vent ecosystems are created. 9° North got its name since it is located 9° North near the Guatemala Basin. The temperatures at these hydrothermal vents have reached as high as . Currently, scientists, students, education specialists, and film crews return to 9° North to see how the biology and landscape has changed over time. IMAX, National Geographic, and BBC film crews have made videos about the vents at 9° North, most noticeably "Volcanoes of the Deep Sea".
BBC "Planet Earth" series from 2006 reported that 9 North either extinguished or became inactive during the period that BBC was creating the series. All previously extant forms of life- crustaceans (shrimps, crabs) and tube worms- were observed to have disappeared (either died, or left the site), perhaps signalling the extinction of lifeforms unique to these particular vents.

</doc>
<doc id="21528868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528868" title="Mississippi Gulf Coast Classic">
Mississippi Gulf Coast Classic

The Mississippi Gulf Coast Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1990 to 1997. It was played
at the Windance Country Club in Gulfport, Mississippi from 1990 to 1995 and at the Mississippi National Golf Club in Gautier, Mississippi from 1996 to 1997.
The purse in 1997 was US$200,000, with $36,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
NIKE Mississippi Gulf Coast Classic
Ben Hogan Gulf Coast Classic

</doc>
<doc id="21528937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528937" title="Hoveyda">
Hoveyda

Hoveyda can refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="21528949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528949" title="Youth Residential Complex">
Youth Residential Complex

Youth Residential Complexes () were housing projects intended for young families and constructed by their future tenants themselves, subsidized by industrial enterprises. This approach existed since 1971 and it was a mass movement until the dissolution of the Soviet Union. It was an attempt to alleviate the residential construction crisis in the late Soviet Union. Construction of Youth Residential Complexes continued in modern Russia, although based on a different business model, based on market economy.
The first complex was built in Korolev City, one of Russian's naukograds (science cities).

</doc>
<doc id="21528959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528959" title="Caramel Jack">
Caramel Jack

Caramel Jack are a pop, folk and experimental band based in Brighton, England.
History.
Caramel Jack formed in Brighton in 1995, around the song writing and production team of Joe Doveton and Richard Scott, and are noted for their genre-defying mixture of styles.
During live performances, the duo are augmented by a variety of additional musicians and singers, with bassist Michael Eyers, and drummer Simon Gunningham, providing the mainstay rhythm section.
Citing influences as diverse as Talk Talk, Miracle Legion, Igor Stravinsky, The Byrds, Charlie Mingus, Tom Waits and The Triffids they have produced a rich body of original work of which "Uncut" said: “The diversity is mind-spinning—country-folk to chamber-pop to burlesque with hip hop beats” and has led the UK promoters The Gilded Palace Of Sin to describe them as “the most inventive band to come out of Brighton.”
On their most recent albums they have had cameo performances by pedal-steel player B.J. Cole, trombonist Ashley Slater, electric cellist Bela Emerson and Los Albertos trumpet player, Des Crawley whilst their debut recordings were produced by Richard Walmsley of Beatmasters fame.
Their 2008 album, "1900", contained their only non-original recording by featuring a genuine sea shanty "Away Haul Away" (often titled "Haul Away Joe" in other artists’ recordings of the tune).
Film.
The tracks "King Solomon" and "Bring The Mountain", from their album "Everybody Get Shot", were featured on the soundtrack of the 2006 film, "We've Got The Toaster".
TV.
In 1996 the band made an appearance in the ITV Meridian TV show The Pier. Entitled "It's Not Only Rock And Roll" the programme also featured The Levellers, Kula Shaker, Gary Crowley and Chris Evans.
Other activities.
Richard Scott contributed music that was used in the 2007 documentary interactive DVD "Traces Of Lee Miller – Echoes From St. Malo", released by ByHand Productions with the involvement of the Lee Miller Archive and the University of Sussex, about the photographer’s coverage of the siege of the French town towards the end of World War II.
Discography.
Compilations.
"Modern Girls On Trains", from "The Curse Of Caramel Jack", was featured on the compilation album, "Abuse Your Friends Vol.2" - Various Artists.
Sessions.
The track "Them's Just Cats" was recorded in 2003 for Juice 107.2 radio show Totally Wired. It was featured in the shows "Metway Sessions" which are recorded at The Levellers Metway Studios in Brighton.
Magazines.
"We Could Build Skyscrapers", from "1900" featured on the "Classic Rock Magazine" spin-off, "Classic Rock Presents Prog" December 2009 (issue 5) free CD, 'Prognosis 5'.

</doc>
<doc id="21528971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528971" title="The Curse of Caramel Jack">
The Curse of Caramel Jack

The Curse Of Caramel Jack is the debut album by Caramel Jack. Released in 1998 it was produced by Richard Walmsley of Beatmasters and Goldbug fame. The track "Modern Girls On Trains" features on the compilation "Abuse Your Friends Vol.2" - Various Artists..

</doc>
<doc id="21528994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21528994" title="Electoral history of Creigh Deeds">
Electoral history of Creigh Deeds

The electoral history of Creigh Deeds, Virginia State Senator.

</doc>
<doc id="21529007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529007" title="Bohumil Kosour">
Bohumil Kosour

Bohumil Kosour (March 5, 1913 – 1997) was a Czechoslovak soldier and skier.
Kosour was born in Nové Město na Moravě. He was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1936 which placed eighth. He also took part at the 18 km cross-country ski and the Nordic combined event of the 1948 Winter Olympics. In a row from 1939 to 1942 and in 1949 he placed first at the Zlatá lyže ("Golden Ski") cross-country ski race in his hometown, which was primarily carried out for the first time in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="21529015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529015" title="Antwan Robertson">
Antwan Robertson

Antwan Robertson, alias "Lil Superman", is a super flyweight professional boxer from Anoka, Minnesota.
Personal life.
Robertson is the cousin of featherweight prospect Derek Winston.
Amateur career.
Robertson only had twelve bouts as an amateur, compiling a record of 9-3 and winning the 2007 Upper Midwest Golden Gloves championship at 112#. When it was disclosed to the statewide governing body that Robertson had competed in an amateur "Tuff Man" competition, he was stripped of his amateur status.
Professional career.
Robertson made his professional debut in August 2007, defeating Nick Leines in Fargo, North Dakota. As of November 1, 2009 Robertson record stood at 5-1-1 with three wins by knockout. In his most recent bout defeated prospect and former amateur rival Brad Patraw on October 23, 2009.
Antwan Robertson is managed and trained by John Hoffman.

</doc>
<doc id="21529031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529031" title="Seven Brides For Caramel Jack">
Seven Brides For Caramel Jack

Seven Brides For Caramel Jack is the third album by Caramel Jack. Released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21529039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529039" title="Mundlapadu">
Mundlapadu

Mundlapadu is a village in Penuganchiprolu mandal, in the Krishna district, of Andhra Pradesh, India. Located away from NH9, it is from Vijayawada, about south of Penuganchiprolu, north of Nandigama. It falls under Jagayyapet constituency. 
History and features.
The village is famous for its great heritage and culture. Sri Ramalingeswara Swami Devalayam temple has 200 years of history. Its presiding deity is Sri Parvathi Sahitha Ramalingeswara Swami, and it was built by the Apotheosis Sree sachidananda swami before his self-entombment.
Agriculture is the main occupation here with major crops being cotton, paddy, chillies, and casurina.
Population and politics.
The population of this village is around 3,500. A few years ago the name of this village was reportedly Munulapuri. It was a place of ardent Jains many years ago. 
Mundlapadu is also famous for its great blend of Telangana and Andhra heritage and culture. Represented by the Jagayyapet Assembly, its constituency is politically active.
Important leaders.
Sri Mundlapati Ramanadha Rao (1922–2011), a famous freedom fighter, leader, and social worker, better known as "Vakkapodi Pantulu Garu" hailed from this village. He worked with his contemporaries, Muktyala Raja, (fondly called Projects Prasad), Padma Bhushan, Dr. K.L. Rao (ex-Central Minister and well-known engineer, and Sri Kakani Venkata Ratnam, an ex-cabinet minister. Owing to his boundless efforts for the betterment of his village, it is now a fairly prosperous one with all basic requirements of transport, education, and utilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21529044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529044" title="Songs from Low Story">
Songs from Low Story

Songs From Low Story is the fourth album by Caramel Jack. Released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21529047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529047" title="Forever Young (1983 film)">
Forever Young (1983 film)

Forever Young is a 1983 film (US release 1986) written by Ray Connolly and directed by David Drury for Channel 4 as part of their "First Love" series.
Plot.
Jimmy (James Aubrey) and Michael (Nicholas Gecks) were best friends at school in the 1960s. They played guitar and sang together and dreamed of becoming the next Lennon and McCartney or Simon and Garfunkel. Their partnership ended when Michael decided to become a priest. Jimmy eventually became a university lecturer of English literature. The two meet again twenty years later when Jimmy sees posters advertising one of Michael's regular fundraising concerts in his church hall. At first, the two are delighted to see each other but they gradually remember the events that drove them apart.
The events are shown in flashback. At one of their concerts, Jimmy (played in flashback by Julian Firth) catches sight of Maureen (Oona Kirsch) and tells Michael (Jason Carter) he has fallen in love. During a strip game involving a music quiz, Maureen becomes topless, which attracts Michael's attention and eventually the two of them make love after one of Jimmy and Michael's concerts.
The events of the past are mirrored in the present day. Father Michael is good friends with Mary (Karen Archer, previously in Giro City) and her son Paul (Liam Holt) who idolises him and wants to become a priest himself. However Jimmy and Mary get together. The IMDB entry for Forever Young describes this as an act of revenge by Jimmy. Paul discovers them making love and runs away to the church. Michael insists that Paul return home. Thus Michael loses the friendship of Jimmy, Karen and Paul and at the end of the film he is shown bereft.
Music.
The film is full of music from the 1950s. The lyrics to the theme music to the film, the song "Forever Young", were written by Ray Connolly to a tune based on "Farewell to Stromness" by Peter Maxwell Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="21529058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529058" title="Gladys Lunn">
Gladys Lunn

Gladys Anne Lunn (1 June 1908 – 1988) was an English athlete from Birmingham, England who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games in the 1938 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the gold medal in the 880 yards event as well as in the javelin throw competition.
Four years later she won the bronze medal in the javelin throw event at the 1938 Empire Games. She also participated in the 220 yards contest but did not start in her semi-final heat.

</doc>
<doc id="21529068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529068" title="1900 (Caramel Jack album)">
1900 (Caramel Jack album)

1900 is the fifth album by Caramel Jack. Released in 2008. The Artwork for the cover of 1900 was designed by Sussex based illustrator Nelson Evergreen.

</doc>
<doc id="21529078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529078" title="Plain (disambiguation)">
Plain (disambiguation)

Plain is a geographical feature.
Plain may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21529086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529086" title="Ida Jones">
Ida Jones

Ida Jones (born 6 August 1911) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the silver medal in the 880 yards event.

</doc>
<doc id="21529101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529101" title="Everybody Get Shot">
Everybody Get Shot

Everybody Get Shot is the second album by Caramel Jack. It was released in 1999. The tracks "King Solomon" and "Bring The Mountain" are featured on the soundtrack of the 2006 film "We've Got The Toaster".

</doc>
<doc id="21529105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529105" title="Dorothy Butterfield">
Dorothy Butterfield

Dorothy Esther Butterfield Goddard (15 August 1909 – October 1991) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the bronze medal in the 880 yards event.

</doc>
<doc id="21529113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529113" title="Jaroslav Šír">
Jaroslav Šír

Jaroslav Šír (born November 8, 1923) is a former Czechoslovak soldier and skier. He was from Liberec.
Šír was born in Poniklá. He started skiing in the age of 15, and was in the national ski team from 1948 to 1955. As a conscript he served at the army sports club in Prague (Armádní tělocvičný klub). In the rank of a Vojín he was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1948 which placed sixth. Before they went to St. Moritz, they trained in Špindlerův Mlýn.

</doc>
<doc id="21529134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529134" title="Elsie Green">
Elsie Green

Elsie Green (born 27 January 1908) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games she won the bronze medal in the 80 metre hurdles event.

</doc>
<doc id="21529149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529149" title="Kangersuatsiaq Heliport">
Kangersuatsiaq Heliport

Kangersuatsiaq Heliport is a heliport in Kangersuatsiaq, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Upernavik Archipelago. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21529160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529160" title="Patent drawing">
Patent drawing

A patent application or patent may contain drawings, also called patent drawings, illustrating the invention, some of its embodiments (which are particular implementations or methods of carrying out the invention), or the prior art. The drawings may be required by the law to be in a particular form, and the requirements may vary depending on the jurisdiction.
Jurisdictions.
Europe.
Under the European Patent Convention, provides that a European patent application shall contain any drawings referred to in the description or the claims. Drawings are therefore optional. specifies the form in which the drawings must be executed. 
The European search report is drawn up in respect of a European patent application on the basis of the claims, with due regard to the description and any drawings. In addition, the extent of the protection conferred by a European patent or a European patent application is determined by the claims, with the description and drawings being used to interpret the claims.
Patent Cooperation Treaty.
Under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, notably provides that the drawings are required when they are necessary for the understanding of the invention. specifies special physical requirements for drawings in an international application.
United States.
In the United States, the applicant for a patent is required by law to furnish a drawing of the invention whenever the nature of the case requires a drawing to understand the invention. This drawing must be filed with the application. This includes practically all inventions except compositions of matter or processes, but a drawing may also be useful in the case of many processes. 
The drawing must show every feature of the invention specified in the claims, and is required by the U.S. patent office rules to be in a particular form. The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) specifies the size of the sheet on which the drawing is made, the type of paper, the margins, and other details relating to the making of the drawing. The reason for specifying the standards in detail is that the drawings are printed and published in a uniform style when the patent issues, and the drawings must also be such that they can be readily understood by persons using the patent descriptions. 
No names or other identification are permitted within the “sight” of the drawing, and applicants are expected to use the space above and between the hole locations to identify each sheet of drawings. This identification may consist of the attorney’s name and docket number or the inventor’s name and application number and may include the sheet number and the total number of sheets filed (for example, “sheet 2 of 4”). The following rule, reproduced from title 37 of the Code of Federal Regulations, relates to the standards for drawings: 
History.
From 1790 to 1880 in the US, patent models were required. A patent model was a scratch-built miniature model no larger than 12" by 12" by 12", approximately 30 cm by 30 cm by 30 cm, that showed how an invention works. Some inventors still willingly submitted models at the turn of the twentieth century. In some cases, an inventor may still want to present a "working model" as an evidence to prove actual reduction to practice in an interference proceeding. In some jurisdictions patent models stayed an aid to demonstrate the operation of the invention. In applications involving genetics, samples of genetic material or DNA sequences may be required.
The United States patent law was revised in 1793. It stated that the Commissioner of the USPTO could ask for additional information, drawings, or diagrams if the description is not clear. By then, the rate of patent grants had grown to about 20 per year and the time burden on the Secretary of State was considered to be too burdensome. Patent applications were no longer examined. Patents were granted simply by submitting a written description of an invention, a model of the invention, if appropriate, and paying a fee of $30 then, and now $1000 in 2006 US dollars.
Drawings and photographs.
In utility and design patent applications, drawings can be in black ink or color. Black and white drawings are normally required. On rare occasions, color drawings may be necessary as the only practical medium by which to disclose the subject matter sought to be patented in a utility or design patent application or the subject matter of a statutory invention registration. 
Black and white photographs are not ordinarily permitted in utility and design patent applications, unless this is the only practicable medium for illustrating the claimed invention. For example, photographs of electrophoresis gels, blots, autoradiographs, cell cultures, histological tissue cross sections, animals, plants, in vivo imaging, etc. Color photographs can be accepted in utility and design patent applications if the conditions for accepting color drawings and black and white photographs have been satisfied.
Features.
Patent drawing features can contain the following features: 
The patent drawing can further contain a numbering of sheets of drawings, numbering of views, copyright notice, security markings, corrections (durable and permanent), no holes, and a type of drawing indication.
Views.
The views in the drawing may be plan, elevation, section, or perspective views: 

</doc>
<doc id="21529170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529170" title="Vojtech Pavelica">
Vojtech Pavelica

Vojtech Pavelica (March 10, 1914 – July 4, 1987) was a Czechoslovak military officer and skier.
Pavelica was born in Hybe. He was leader of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1948 which placed sixth. He died in Banská Bystrica.

</doc>
<doc id="21529171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529171" title="Battle of Forum Julii">
Battle of Forum Julii

The Battle of Forum Julii was fought between the armies of the rival Roman emperors Otho and Vitellius forces in early AD 69. It is described by Tacitus in his "Histories" at 2.14-15. The exact location of this battle is not mentioned by the historian, however, he alludes to its taking place in Gallia Narbonensis, possibly near modern Fréjus.
Prelude.
After assuming the imperial throne during the civil war, Otho campaigned to secure the passes in the Alps bordering Gaul, as well as those territories whose loyalties toward him were in doubt. As a part of these campaigns, he sent his fleet to secure Gallia Narbonensis, which had sworn allegiance to Vitellius, Otho's primary opposition, and potential (and later successful) usurper of the throne.
According to Tacitus (Histories 2.14), Fabius Valens, after hearing of the threat to Gallia Narbonensis, responded as follows:
Battle.
The battle began as soon as the armies met. A rash attack on behalf of the Vitellian auxiliaries led to them being surrounded:
Despite the loss, the Vitellianist forces, specifically the fierce Tungrian auxiliaries, retaliated against their enemy, who had relaxed in the joy of victory (Histories 2.15):
Aftermath.
The Vitellianists retreated to Antipolis, a town of Gallia Narbonensis, the Othonianists to Albigaunum, in Upper Liguria, who subsequently blockaded the province from unfriendly forces.
When Fabius Valens heard of the loss, he sent a detachment of Batavian auxiliaries to the relief of the province. Tacitus makes a note of this action (Histories 2.28) with an anecdote on the well-known strength of the Batavians, and the subsequent risings of a mutiny on behalf of the Vitellianist legions. Due to the feeling of fear/loss that the legions had when these brave compatriots of theirs were sent away for the aforementioned mission, Valens was forced to deal with said brief mutiny of his troops.

</doc>
<doc id="21529180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529180" title="15 cm sIG 33 (Sf) auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B">
15 cm sIG 33 (Sf) auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B

The 15 cm sIG 33 (Sf) auf Panzerkampfwagen I Ausf B (sometimes referred to as the Sturmpanzer I Bison) was a German self-propelled heavy infantry gun used during World War II.
Development and history.
The Invasion of Poland had shown that the towed sIG 33 guns assigned to the infantry gun companies of the motorized infantry regiments had difficulties keeping up with the tanks during combat. The easiest solution was to modify a spare tank chassis to carry it into battle. A sIG 33 was mounted on the chassis of the Panzer I "Ausf." B, complete with carriage and wheels, in place of the turret and superstructure. Plates thick were used to form a tall, open-topped fighting compartment on the forward part of the hull. This protected little more than the gun and the gunner himself from small arms fire and shell fragments, the loaders were completely exposed. The rearmost section of armor was hinged to ease reloading. 
There was no room to stow any ammunition so it had to be carried by a separate vehicle. When mounted, the sIG 33 had a total 25° of traverse and could elevate from -4° to +75°. It used a Rblf36 sight. The chassis was overloaded and breakdowns were frequent. The vehicle's extreme height and lack of on-board ammunition were severe tactical drawbacks.
Thirty-eight were produced in February 1940 by Alkett. 
Combat use.
Thirty-six vehicles were organized into independent "schwere Infanteriegeschütz-Kompanie" ("Self-propelled Heavy Infantry Gun Companies") "mot.S." numbers 701-706, assigned to Panzer Divisions in the Battle of France as follows: 
As part of the 5th Panzer Division, assigned to the Gernam XIVth Motorized Army Corps, the 704th company participated in Operation Marita, the invasion of the Balkans.
Later in 1941, the same assignment was maintained for Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union. The 705th and 706th belonging to the 7th and 10th Panzer Divisions respectively, were destroyed at this time. Of the remaining companies, only the 701st participated in the opening stages of the subsequent Case Blue in 1942, although it, and its parent 9th Panzer Division, were transferred to Army Group Center by the end of the summer of 1942. 
The last reference to these vehicles is with the 704th Company of the 5th Panzer Division during the middle of 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="21529202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529202" title="TheMusicLibrary.org">
TheMusicLibrary.org

TheMusicLibrary.org is an American music production and music licensing company. They have composed music for major companies such as NBC, Disney, ABC, HBO, MTV, Trimark Films and Warner Brother's Films. They also have cuts with many artists on EMI, Higher Octave Records, Platinum Records, House of Blues Records, Capitol Records, Warner Brother's Records, Blue Flame Records, RCA, Neurodisc Records, Buddha Bar Records and Water Dance Records. Their song "Awakening" reached number 3 on the Billboard Dance Club charts.
TheMusicLibrary.org also produces music for artists and have won The Los Angeles Music Awards, (Female Singer/Songwriter of the Year, Triple A) category. They formed The International Christmas song contest which received entries from around the world. (http://www.christmassongcontest.com) They produced a record of the top 12 songs. The single featured Ali Woodson. (former lead singer of The Temptations) and jazz great Jeff Lorber. Blues artist Jimmy Rip (guitarist for Mick Jagger's solo projects) cut the single "Cold Comfort" for his record "Way Past Blue."
Films such as Ann Rice's Queen of the Damned starring music star Aaliyah and Stuart Townsend, Return of the Universal Soldier starring Jean-Claude Van Damme, Detour starring Gary Busey, Silent Fury, The Perfect Holiday starring Queen Latifah, The Last Mountain starring Soon-Tek Oh, Boardheads starring Loretta Swit, Get Your Stuff, 29 and Holding, Reefer Madness 2001 have featured TheMusicLibrary.org's music. TV shows such as Making the Band, One Life to Live, Z Games, Pimp My Ride, Larry Sanders, True Life, Kanye West's Homecoming, Man and Wife and Made have also featured songs from TheMusicLibrary.org. Olympic skating champion Ekaterina Gordeeva has performed to music from TheMusicLibrary.org during her TV specials such as NBC's Katarina Witt and Friends.

</doc>
<doc id="21529205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529205" title="Ahmed Abdel Muti Hijazi">
Ahmed Abdel Muti Hijazi

Ahmed Abdel Muti Hijazi () (born in 1935 in Al-Menoufiya, Egypt) is an Egyptian contemporary poet.
Contributed to many literary conferences in many Arab capitals, and is one of the pioneers of the movement of renewal in contemporary Arabic poetry.
Education.
Bachelor of Arts, Department of Sociology at the University of Sorbonne, France, in 1979.
Positions held.
He was the managing editor of "Rose al-Yūsuf" magazine. In France he worked as a professor of Arabic poetry at the Paris 8 University and the new Sorbonne University. He returned to Cairo and worked for "Al-Ahram" newspaper. He served as editor-in-chief of "Ibdaa" magazine from 1990 to 2002 when he resigned from the post. He was reappointed editor-in-chief of the magazine in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21529219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529219" title="Anti-Defamation League (disambiguation)">
Anti-Defamation League (disambiguation)

Anti-Defamation League can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21529235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529235" title="Upernavik Kujalleq Heliport">
Upernavik Kujalleq Heliport

Upernavik Kujalleq Heliport is a heliport in Upernavik Kujalleq, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Upernavik area. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specifed during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21529241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529241" title="Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research">
Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research

The Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO) is the national research council of the Netherlands. NWO funds thousands of top researchers at universities and institutes and steers the course of Dutch science by means of subsidies and research programmes. NWO promotes quality and innovation in science.
NWO is an independent administrative body under the auspices of the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science. The organization receives about 400 million euros per year, of which approximately 300 million comes directly from the ministry. NWO directs the 300 million budget toward Dutch universities and institutes, often on a project basis. Also, the NWO has its own institutes.
NWO was established in 1950 as "Nederlandse Organisatie voor Zuiver-Wetenschappelijk Onderzoek" (ZWO). This organization did not focus on applied research; the research organization TNO was established for that purpose. In 1988 ZWO was renamed as NWO and was given the broader mission.
NWO is also known for the annual Spinoza Prizes, and the National Science Quiz for Dutch television. 
Jos Engelen, the former scientific director of CERN, is the president of NWO. Former NWO presidents include Peter Nijkamp. 
NWO organisation.
Science divisions.
NWO's science divisions allocate subsidies and grants, mostly within programmatic limitations, to scientists from their own specific disciplines. The divisions have their own budget, Council Board and Council Executive Committee:
Research institutes.
NWO has eight institutes that make a strategic contribution to university research in the Netherlands. They coordinate and facilitate at a national level and house large, frequently international, research facilities:
The Foundation for Fundamental Research on Matter (FOM) is a subsidiary of NWO and manages three of the institutes:
The institute Data Archiving and Networked Services (DANS, in cooperation with KNAW) is also part of NWO.
Temporary Task Forces.
The Temporary Task Forces have a semi-permanent status. They collaborate with industry experts in order to accelerate the development of promising technologies. 

</doc>
<doc id="21529245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529245" title="Miki Malör">
Miki Malör

Miki Malör (29 August 1957) is an Austrian theatre creator, director and performance artist.
Life.
Miki Malör studied music at the Music and Art academy in Vienna (MA, 1981). In addition, over the years she also had the following training: massage diploma (1994), diving instructor (PADI–Instructor 1995) and cave diver (NACD Full Cave 1997).
Her beginnings as pianist and stage musician in cabaret and theatre performances, and as clownish singer with the rock theatre group :de:Hallucination Company (1982/83) were followed by twelve years of solo tours through Europe. Characteristic for this period are the term "Comic Theatre" for her works and her declining to be catalogued as "Kabarett" artist. In 1986 she was awarded the "Förderpreis der Stadt Mainz" on occasion of the awards for the de:"Deutscher Kleinkunstpreis".
Since 1995, she has abandoned cabaret and radicalised her works. The next stage were performances, installations and post-dramatic theatre. Apart from working on her own pieces, she frequently directs off-theatre productions. Miki Malör regularly produces in Vienna.
Works.
Miki Malör's works elude unilateral attributions: they are inspired by the avant-gardes of the 20th century, postmodern, deconstructivist, subversive, alternative, experimental, post-dramatic, feminist, rhizomatic, sensual, absurd, highly comical, intimate, transgressing taboos, excessive, and much more. Her works are neither based on drama pieces, nor are they meta-narrations, and there are no actors impersonating roles. She exclusively realises her own pieces and favours working with performers, dancers, and laypersons. Another mark of her works is her special attachment to music; her frequent trade with objects indicates a close relationship with the fine arts.
The bandwidth of her themes is extensive: one underwater piece ("Vampyroteuthis Infernalis"), two Schubert cycles ("Transit", "Prey"), "Veiling. A (Social) Game", "Hysteria!", "nationalANTHEMS” and the cult film remake "The Attack of the 50 Foot Woman".
Many of her pieces focus on female desire ("e.g.", "Desire As Will To Be Trapped", as well as the ongoing performance cycle "Anima"). These more and more often result in cross-genre film works ("Interior Design").
Miki Malör's theatre is fed by philosophical and depth psychological theories, the last results of which were some works on Deleuze/Guattari about the theme of Desiring Machines ("The Lady Who Ate 100 Cakes", "Tigerbalm", "100 Objects to Represent Theatre"). These works can be read as an attempt at interpreting the unconscious as a model of incessant and unfettered productivity. This leads to "machines", fabrics, tableaux of desire, vestal machines of subversion, where Miki Malör's analytic background is embedded in passion, risk, and touch. Instead of representation, the impersonation on stage, there is doing, pure productivity which replaces psychological play with a radical language of images free for association.
Miki Malör has been working together with stage director Miguel Ángel Gaspar for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="21529253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529253" title="1961 Flugplatzrennen">
1961 Flugplatzrennen

The 3rd Flugplatzrennen was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 17 September 1961 at Zeltweg Airfield, Austria. The race was run over 80 laps of the circuit, and was dominated by British driver Innes Ireland in a Lotus 21.
Ireland took both pole position and the fastest lap, and finished a lap ahead of the rest of the field. He led all but the first two laps, after Jim Clark took the lead at the start.
Lorenzo Bandini did not start the race after he suffered engine problems in practice, but shared his team-mate Renato Pirocchi's car in the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21529260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529260" title="Eigencolloid">
Eigencolloid

Eigencolloid is a term derived from the German language ("eigen": own) and used to designate colloids made of pure phases. Most often such colloids are formed by the hydrolysis of heavy metals cations or radionuclides, such as, "e.g.", Tc(OH)4, Th(OH)4, U(OH)4, Pu(OH)4, or Am(OH)3. Colloids have been suspected for the long-range transport of plutonium on the Nevada Test Site.

</doc>
<doc id="21529263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529263" title="PDD-62">
PDD-62

Presidential Decision Directive 62 (PDD-62), titled Combating Terrorism, was a Presidential Decision Directive (PDD), signed on May 22, 1998 by President Bill Clinton. It identified the fight against terrorism a top national security priority.
Background.
During his administration, President Clinton worked to deepen cooperation with U.S. allies, strengthen law enforcement counter-terrorism tools and improve airplane and airport security. Before September 11, 2001, these efforts had paid off by foiling major terrorist attacks and apprehending, trying and sentencing terrorists.
Due to America's military strength and superiority, potential enemies are more likely to attack through means of terror instead of conventional military assault. Easier access to sophisticated technology means that the destructive power available to terrorists is greater than ever. Terrorists could potentially use weapons of mass destruction to cause physical destruction or advanced computer technology to attack our economy and critical infrastructure.
Presidential Decision Directive 62 addresses these challenges by creating a new and more systematic approach to fighting the terrorist threat of the next century. It reinforces the mission of the many U.S. agencies charged with roles in defeating terrorism; it also codifies and clarifies their activities in the wide range of U.S. counter-terrorism programs, from apprehension and prosecution of terrorists to increasing transportation security, enhancing response capabilities and protecting the computer-based systems that lie at the heart of America's economy.
PDD-62 is a classified document. It is meant to reaffirm PDD-39, "United States Policy on Counterterrorism." As such, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) will continue to serve as the Lead Federal Agency for "crisis management" and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will continue to serve as the Lead Federal Agency for "consequence management."
PDD-39.
Presidential Decision Directive 39 (PDD-39), U.S. Policy on Counterterrorism, was signed on June 21, 1995 by President Clinton. It defines policies regarding the federal response to threats or acts of terrorism involving nuclear, biological, or chemical materials or weapons of mass destruction (NBC/WMD).
Section 3 states: "We shall have the ability to respond rapidly and decisively to terrorism directed against us wherever it occurs, to protect Americans, arrest or defeat the perpetrators, respond with all appropriate instruments against the sponsoring organizations and governments and provide recovery relief to victims, as permitted by law."
Since the official document is classified, a fact sheet on Presidential Decision Directive 62 was released by the White House in May 1998 listing the following details of the directive.
Outline.
General.
It is increasingly likely that terrorist groups, or individuals with criminal intent, may use unconventional methods to disrupt the Nation's critical infrastructure or use weapons of mass destruction (WMD) against Americans.
As these types of threats mature, it is necessary to prepare to deter them, prevent them from occurring, or, if need be, limit the damage to a minimum. Success is dependent upon possessing the capability for an integrated response, and in the case of critical infrastructure protection, having public/private partnerships.
Consequences management.
In the event of a terrorism incident, the Federal Government will respond rapidly, working with State and local governments, to restore order and deliver emergency assistance. FEMA, the Lead Federal Agency for consequence management, is responsible for preparing for and responding to the consequences of a WMD incident with participation of other departments and agencies including the Public Health Service (PHS), Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and Department of Energy (DOE]), as necessary. The Department of Justice (DOJ), through the FBI, is the Lead Federal Agency for crisis management and operational response to a weapon of mass destruction incident.
Domestically, key Federal agencies and Departments, through interagency efforts, will continue training and providing equipment to first responders to prepare them for response to WMD incidents. Emphasis will be placed on preparing those responders in the largest 120 cities.
The Department of Defense, in coordination with other Federal Departments and agencies, will provide training to metropolitan first responders and will maintain trained military units to assist State and local responders. One example is the National Guard concept of initially forming 10 Rapid Assessment and Initial Detection (RAID) teams in each FEMA Region. These teams are designed to provide rapid response to a WMD incident and assist State and local responders.
PHS, in the Department of Health and Human Services, is the Lead Federal Agency in planning and preparing for response to WMD-related medical emergencies. PHS will continue supporting State and local governments in developing Metropolitan Medical Strike Teams; maintaining the National Disaster Medical System; and, in conjunction with the Department of Veterans Affairs, stockpiling antidotes and pharmaceuticals in the event of a WMD incident.
Equipment.
DOJ, in coordination with FEMA, will provide equipment to State and local emergency responders.
Critical infrastructure.
It is imperative that the United States be adequately prepared to deal with attacks on critical infrastructure and cyber systems. As such, the President reviewed the recommendations of the Presidential Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection and has signed PDD-63, entitled Protecting America's Critical Infrastructures (PDD-63 is For Official Use Only). A white paper, entitled "The Clinton Administration's Policy on Critical Infrastructure Protection: Presidential Decision Directive-63," is available at www.whitehouse.gov/WH/EOP/NSC/htm/NSCSDoo3.html. This white paper outlines the Administration's program to deal with threats to our Nation's critical infrastructure.
National coordinator.
PDD-62 also establishes the office of the National Coordinator for Security, Infrastructure Protection and Counter-Terrorism. The National Coordinator oversees the broad variety of relevant policies and programs including areas such as counter-terrorism, protection of critical infrastructure, preparedness and consequence management for weapons of mass destruction. The National Coordinator works within the National Security Council, reports to the President through the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (the National Security Advisor) and produces for him an annual Security Preparedness Report. The National Coordinator also provides advice regarding budgets for counter-terror programs and coordinates the development of guidelines that might be needed for crisis management.

</doc>
<doc id="21529267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529267" title="UPK">
UPK

UPK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21529279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529279" title="1925 Buffalo Bisons (NFL) season">
1925 Buffalo Bisons (NFL) season

The 1925 Buffalo Bisons season was their sixth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous record against league opponents of 6–5, winning one game. They finished fifteenth in the league. 
This was the first season since 1917 that star player Tommy Hughitt did not take the field for Buffalo; he had retired at the end of the previous season.

</doc>
<doc id="21529287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529287" title="The Song of the Rivers">
The Song of the Rivers

The Song of the Rivers () is a 1954 documentary film production by the East Germany's Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA). Dutch filmmaker Joris Ivens was the leading director. The sprawling film celebrates international workers movements along six major rivers: the Volga, Mississippi, Ganges, Nile, Amazon and the Yangtze. Shot in many countries by different film crews, and later edited by Ivens, Song of the Rivers begins with a lyrical montage of landscapes and laborers and proceeds to glorify labor and modern industrial machinery. The musical score is by Dmitri Shostakovich, with lyrics written by Berthold Brecht, and songs performed by German communism's star Ernst Busch and famous American actor, singer and activist Paul Robeson who also narrates. Song of the Rivers is an ode to "international solidarity".
Popularity in communist countries.
After World War II, Ivens spent several years in East Germany, where he edited "Song of the Rivers", which is said to have been seen by 250 million people in communist countries. A tribute to international trade unionism, the film combines images of life along six great rivers: the Mississippi, the Ganges, the Nile, the Yangtse, the Volga, and the Amazon. Unlike the intimacy of "Power and the Land," another Ivens film, abstract grandiloquence is the keynote. The narrator Paul Robeson states: "Day by day with our hands — yellow, white, or black — we change the face of the earth and the future of mankind." Ivens’s editing gives the film a simple, cumulative force. The longing for unity expressed in Song of the Rivers is apparent throughout the documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="21529290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529290" title="Rasi Salai Dam">
Rasi Salai Dam


</doc>
<doc id="21529295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529295" title="Am Abend aber desselbigen Sabbats, BWV 42">
Am Abend aber desselbigen Sabbats, BWV 42

History and words.
Bach composed the cantata in Leipzig for the first Sunday after Easter, called Quasimodogeniti. He composed it in his second annual cycle, which consisted of chorale cantatas since the first Sunday after Trinity of 1724. Bach ended the sequence on Palm Sunday of 1725, this cantata is not a chorale cantata and the only cantata in the second cycle to begin with an extended sinfonia.
The prescribed readings for the Sunday were from the First Epistle of John, "our faith is the victory" (), and from the Gospel of John, the appearance of Jesus to the Disciples, first without then with Thomas, in Jerusalem (). The unknown poet included verse 19 from the Gospel to begin the cantata, later as movement 4 the first stanza of the chorale "" (1632) by Jakob Fabricius, which had been attributed also to Johann Michael Altenburg, and as the closing chorale two stanzas which had appeared added to Martin Luther's "": "", Luther's German version of "" (Give peace, Lord, 1531), and "" (Give our rulers and all lawgivers), a stanza by Johann Walter paraphrasing (1566), concluded with a final amen. Werner Neumann suggested that Bach himself may have been the anonymous poet, while Charles Sanford Terry proposed Christian Weiss. Bach scholar Alfred Dürr supposed that it is the same author who wrote , first performed six days earlier on Easter Monday of 1725.
After the quote from the Gospel of John, the poet paraphrases, in movement 3, words of Jesus from the Gospel of Matthew, , "" (For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them).
Bach first performed the cantata on 8 April 1725, and again in Leipzig at least twice, on 1 April 1731 and either on 1 April 1742 or on 7 April 1743.
Scoring and structure.
The cantata in seven movements is scored for soprano, alto, tenor, and bass soloists, a four-part choir only in the closing chorale, two oboes, bassoon, two violins, viola and basso continuo. The reason for the choir appearing only in the closing chorale may have been, that the Thomanerchor had been in high demand during the Holy Week and Easter, performing , the "St John Passion" and , among others.
Music.
Possibly Bach took the opening sinfonia from earlier music. Dürr believes that it is a movement from an instrumental concerto. It is a kind of "concerto a due cori", the strings interacting with a concertino of the woodwinds, oboes and bassoon. The two groups first introduce their own lively themes, which are distinct but related to each other. Then they also exchange their themes and play together. The middle section begins with a surprising new motif for oboe and bassoon, which Bach himself marked "cantabile". Julian Mincham sees a close resemblance to the opening movements to concerti such as those for violin, BWV 1042, and keyboard, BWV 1053. According to John Eliot Gardiner, this movement and the first aria are both taken from Bach's congratulatory cantata , celebrating the 24th birthday of Leopold, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen on 10 December 1718.
The Bible quote is sung in recitative by the tenor as the Evangelist, accompanied by the continuo in repeated fast notes, possibly illustrating the anxious heart beat of the disciples, when Jesus appears, "On the evening, however, of the same Sabbath, when the disciples had gathered and the door was locked out of fear of the Jews, Jesus came and walked among them".
In movement 3, an aria marked adagio, the repetition is kept in the bassoon, but the strings hold long chords and the oboes play extended melodic lines. According to Dürr, it may have been another movement from the same concerto that movement 1 relies on.
Bach composed the chorale text of movement 4, "Do not despair, o little flock", as a duet, accompanied only by the continuo including bassoon. Fragments of the usual chorale theme, "", can be detected occasionally. Terry interprets that the bassoon obbligato was intended to accompany a chorale melody which "never actually sounded", conveying the "hiddenness" of the church in the world.
The bass prepares in a recitative, ending as an arioso, the last aria, which is accompanied by the divided violins and the continuo. The theme is again a contrast between the "" (restlessness of "the world") and "" (peace with Jesus). While the instruments play in wild motion, the bass sings a calm expressive melody, only accenting the word "" (persecution) by faster motion in long melismas. According to Mincham, this aria might go back to a different movement from the same concerto as the sinfonia.
The chorale theme of Luther's chorale was published by Martin Luther in the ' (edited by Johann Walter), published in Nürnberg (1531), and then in the ' by Joseph Klug (Wittenberg, 1535). The melody of the additional stanza (') was first published in ' in Wittenberg, 1566. Bach set it for four parts.

</doc>
<doc id="21529304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529304" title="Bin Jawad District">
Bin Jawad District

Bin Jawad District, (, Baladiyah Bin Jawwad) was one of the districts ("baladiyah") of Libya from 1983 to 1987. It lay in the northern part of the country bordering the Gulf of Sidra. Its capital was Bin Jawad. Under Italy it was in Misrata Province. Before being made a baladiyah in 1983, it was part of the governorate system. In 1987 the area was incorporated into Sirte District and has remained there since.
Towns and villages 1983–1987.
The settlements in Bin Jawad District were: Nofaliya, Sidra, Bin Jawad, and Ra's Lanuf.
Current settlements.
From west to east following the coast from Sirte there are the towns
Sultan, Harawa, Uwayja, Nofaliya, Bin Jawad, Sidra, Ra's Lanuf. The next settlements in the east are Qaryat Bishr and Brega.
See also.
Bin Jawad

</doc>
<doc id="21529307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529307" title="Religion Communicators Council">
Religion Communicators Council

The Religion Communicators Council is a U.S. nonprofit organization representing marketing, communications and public relations officers from 60 different faith-based institutions. Founded in 1929 as the Religious Publicity Council, it changed its name to the National Religious Publicity Council in 1949, the Religious Public Relations Council in 1963, and became the Religion Communicators Council in 1998. It was originally focused on communications needs for Christian organizations, but in 1970 it expanded its membership to all religious faiths.
The organization is headquartered in the Interchurch Center in New York City and has 13 branches across the U.S. It hosts an annual conference to discuss media strategies and issues. It also presents the Wilbur Awards, an annual tribute to mainstream media's coverage of faith-based issues.
Wilbur Awards.
The council has presented Wilbur Awards annually since 1949. They honor excellence by individuals in secular media – print and online journalism, book publishing, broadcasting, and motion pictures – in communicating religious issues, values and themes. Winners receive a stained-glass trophy and $250. The award is named for Marvin C. Wilbur, a pioneer in religious public relations and longtime council leader.
2010.
The 2010 Awards were presented on April 9 during Religion Communication Congress 2010 at the Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile. Manya A. Brachear, religion reporter for the Chicago Tribune and a double Wilbur Awards winner in 2009, was master of ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="21529317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529317" title="Green pest management">
Green pest management

Green pest management is a pest control strategy that sets pest action thresholds, monitors pest levels, takes steps to prevent pest problems and uses control methods that are organic (plant based) materials or materials of natural origin. Green pest management is an extension of integrated pest management and is similar in all regards except for the control methods. While both integrated pest management and green pest management choose the least risky pest control material, green pest management uses organic (plant based) materials or materials of natural origin.
Overview.
Green pest management (GPM) is the natural extension of integrated pest management (IPM). Pest management occurs in three primary arenas, first, the agricultural arena, second, the urban or structural arena and third the turf and ornamental arena. Green Pest Management programs and service providers can be focused on agricultural, structural, turf and ornamental pest control. A GPM service plan follows the foundations of an IPM service plan with the exception of the type of pesticide applied when necessary according to the IPM or GPM plan. GPM service providers (pest control applicators or pest control technicians) use naturally occurring and low risk materials as the primary pest control material instead of a synthetic pesticide when a pesticide is called for as part of an integrated pest management or IPM plan. These may or may not include materials listed on the Organic Materials Review Institute (OMRI) Pest management at an agricultural setting would include a farm or garden. Pest management at an urban or structural site includes residences, either single or multi-family, apartment houses and condominiums, hospitality such as restaurants and hotels, all types of food processing and manufacturing, warehousing, and industrial sites. Turf and ornamental pest control occurs at recreational sites, such as a lawn, park, playing field or playground, and may include plants for human or animal consumption or plants for utility, such as playing turf, or decorative use, such as a rose garden.
Government regulation.
Currently there are no regulations on the use of the term "Green Pest Control". Indeed, any pest control company could advertise a "Green Pest Control Service". Efforts to move toward a standard are being made by the pest control industry. Consumer should beware that the term green pest control is still too vague to carry much weight. The terms environmentally friendly and organic are regulated terms within the pest control industry.
The government has regulation on exempt products. Exempt products comprise only materials that are on the EPA's exempt list. These materials may include materials listed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as biopesticides. Biopesticides or biological pesticides are materials of natural origin or certain minerals.
Pesticides.
Pesticides are used to control pests, some examples are avicide, herbicide and insecticide. Green Pest Management usually deals with insecticides and herbicides. For Green Pest Management the preferred materials are of natural origin. Materials of natural origin may be either organic, such as plant oils, or inorganic, such as boric acid. Not every material of natural origin would be preferred. It must also be low risk. Some plant oils used include Rosemary, Wintergreen, Eugenol (Clove Oil) and other oils. They act as insecticides at some concentrations and as non selective herbicides at other, higher concentrations. 
These low risk materials are often known as exempt or minimum risk pesticides or "25b products." The term 25b refers to the section 25b of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act or FIFRA. Due to the nature of the active and inert ingredients in the pesticide these materials are exempt from registration.
Other biological controls include use of biological pest control, the use of natural mechanisms in primarily agricultural or home lawn and garden pest control. Examples include bacteria, bacillus thuringiensis, or nematodes for example, for control of grubs, such as Oriental Beetle grubs or and in the case of bacillus thuringiensis, for control of mosquitoes. 
Low impact pest management.
Green pest management does not include traditional chemical materials. However, recent advances in chemistry have yielded materials that have extremely low mammalian toxicity. Some key materials that are used that are chemicals not of natural origin, include insect growth regulators (IGR's). IGR's have action that is usually specific to insects, or that would affect insects primarily. Hydroprene or Methoprene (linked), are two examples of Juvenile hormone Analogs or JHA's. These are chemical materials, so are not usually appropriate for organic pest management strategies. However, given the low mammalian toxicity of the JHA's, they may be appropriate for low impact structural pest management as part of a complete IPM approach. 
Certification and accreditations.
There are services available to certify or offer accreditation to businesses that provide green pest management services, to sites that use green pest management or to the manufacturers of materials used to control pests. The most widely used product list for materials acceptable to be used on operations that are certified organic under the United States Department of Agriculture(USDA) National Organic Program(NOP) is the aforementioned Organic Materials Review Institute (OMRI). Regional organic farming associations are resources for accredited providers. An example would be the Northeast Organic Farming Association's Certified Organic Landcare or Organic Dairy Program. Other examples include certification or registration through industry associations or private certification or accreditation service providers. For structural pest control this would include industry examples such as the National Pest Management Association's (NPMA) GreenPro Accreditation or private certification resources such as GreenShield Certification and Ecowise Certified, a project of the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG).

</doc>
<doc id="21529329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529329" title="McMahon murders">
McMahon murders

The McMahon murders occurred on 24 March 1922 in Belfast, Northern Ireland when six Irish Catholic civilians were shot dead and two wounded by policemen of the Ulster Special Constabulary (USC) or Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC). The dead were aged between 15 and 50 and all but one were members of the McMahon family. The policemen broke into their house at night and shot all eight males inside. It is believed to have been a reprisal for the Irish Republican Army's killing of two policemen the day before.
The Northern Ireland polity had been created ten months beforehand, in the midst of the Irish War of Independence. During this time, its police forces – especially the USC, which was almost exclusively Ulster Protestant and unionist – were implicated in a number of attacks on Catholic and Irish nationalist civilians as reprisal for IRA actions.
Background.
The killings occurred after the acceptance of the Anglo-Irish Treaty, but with the violence of the Irish War of Independence still raging in the new political entity of Northern Ireland. The Treaty copper-fastened the Partition of Ireland, which was first established in the Government of Ireland Act. In the first half of 1922 however, in the words of historian Robert Lynch, the Irish Republican Army (IRA), "would make one final attempt to undermine the ever hardening reality of partition by launching an all out offensive on the recently established province of Northern Ireland".
To counter this, the Unionist authorities established the Ulster Special Constabulary (USC). This was an armed, almost exclusively Protestant reserve police force, which was first deployed in February 1921. The USC had a generally hostile relationship with the Catholic, Irish nationalist community in Belfast and elsewhere. Lynch writes of the USC: "some were polite and courteous, others merely arrogant and destructive whilst a small anonymous minority set out to kill". 
The MacMahon killings are believed to have been a reprisal for IRA's killing of two USC policemen in Belfast. At lunch time on 23 March 1922, USC constables Thomas Cunningham and William Cairnside were patrolling Great Victoria Street in the city centre when they were approached by a group of IRA members and shot dead. Two Catholics, Peter Murphy (61) and Sarah McShane (15), were shot dead in a suspected reprisal attack several hours later in the Catholic Short Strand area by unidentified gunmen.
Neither Owen McMahon nor his family had any involvement in the shooting of the policemen, nor were they involved with either Sinn Féin or the IRA. McMahon was in fact a supporter and personal friend of Joseph Devlin, the Irish Parliamentary Party Member of Parliament, who rejected Irish republican violence. McMahon was a prosperous businessman, who owned several pubs in Belfast and had at one time been chairman of the Northern Vintners' Association. His home at Kinnaird Terrace, off the Antrim Road in north-central Belfast, was described as a 'sprawling Victorian mansion'.
The killings.
At about 1:00 am, two uniformed policemen seized a sledgehammer from a city council workman, who was guarding a building site at Carlisle Circus. A curfew was in place at the time, due to the daily violence in the city. At nearby Clifton Avenue they met three other policemen and the party of five proceeded to the home of Owen McMahon. Eight males and three women were in the house that night. The males were Owen, his six sons, and Edward McKinney. McKinney was from County Donegal and worked for the McMahon's as a barman. The women were Owen's wife Eliza, her daughter and her niece. At about 1:20 am, the gang used the sledgehammer to break down the door of the McMahon household.
The noise woke the occupants, who at first thought that a bomb had been put in the letterbox. Owen's wife Eliza said that one of the men wore civilian clothes and the four others wore RIC caps and carried revolvers. John MacMahon, one of Owen's sons, said "Four of the five men were dressed in the uniform of the RIC but, from their appearance, I know they are Specials, not regular RIC". All of the men had hidden their faces. The four men in police uniform rushed up the stairs and herded the males into the dining room. The women were taken into another room. Eliza "got down on her knees and pleaded for mercy, but was struck on the side of the head and fell to the floor". When Owen asked why his family was being singled-out, one of the gunmen said it was because he was "a respected papist". The men were told, "you boys say your prayers", before the gunmen opened fire. The shooting continued for five minutes; five of the men were killed outright and two were wounded, one fatally.
Owen McMahon (50), Gerard McMahon (15), Frank McMahon (24), Patrick McMahon (22) and Edward McKinney (25) were killed outright while Bernard McMahon (26) died later. The youngest McMahon son, 12-year-old Michael, survived the attack by hiding behind furniture and pretending to be hit. John McMahon (30) survived despite serious gunshot wounds. Eliza McMahon raised the alarm by opening the drawing room window and shouting "Murder! Murder!" A matron at an adjoining nursing home was alerted and phoned the police and an ambulance.
It has been alleged that District Inspector John William Nixon and a group of policemen operating out of Brown Square barracks in the Shankill Road area were behind the killings, but this has not been proven. Eamon Phoenix, senior lecturer in history at Stranmillis College, said in 2000 that there was strong circumstantial evidence linking DI Nixon to the crime. An inquiry was carried out by the Defence Ministry of the Irish Free State, but not by the Northern Ireland authorities. Twelve policemen, including Nixon, were named in the Free State's 1924 report as having carried out the murders, as well as several other attacks on Catholics.
Aftermath.
The killings caused outrage among Belfast's Catholic population and over 10,000 people attended the funerals of those killed. The funerals of Owen, Gerard, Frank and Patrick were held on Sunday 26 March. The British Army lined the route of the funeral procession—from north Belfast to Milltown Cemetery—anticipating it would be attacked. At the funeral Mass for the victims at St Patrick's Church, Reverend Bernard Laverty told the congregation that even the Black and Tans "had not been guilty of anything approaching this in its unspeakable barbarity". The McMahons had been "done to death merely because they were Catholics", but he told the mourners to practise "patience and forbearance" and not to seek revenge.
Irish Nationalist Party MP Joe Devlin told the British Parliament, "If Catholics have no revolvers to protect themselves they are murdered. If they have revolvers they are flogged and sentenced to death".
David Lloyd George and Winston Churchill, concerned that the violence would cause the collapse of the new Northern Ireland administration, organised a meeting in London between southern nationalist leader Michael Collins and James Craig, premier of Northern Ireland, both to try to stop IRA attacks (tacitly supported by Collins) and to pressure Craig to provide more protection for Catholics. Craig denied the nationalist assertion that the McMahon killings were part of an anti-Catholic pogrom on behalf of state forces, telling the Northern Ireland parliament that, "no such thing has ever been the policy of Protestants here...The Ulster men are up against, not Catholics but ... up against rebels, that they are up against murder, Bolshevism and up against those enemies not only of Ulster but of the Empire".
The killings were part of a series of reprisals on Catholics for IRA attacks in Belfast and elsewhere. The following week saw an incident known as the "Arnon Street killings", in which five Catholics were killed by uniformed police in revenge for the killing of a policeman on the Old Lodge Road. In total, 452 people would be killed in Belfast in the conflict between June 1920 and July 1922 – 267 Catholics and 185 Protestants.
No one was ever prosecuted for the killings but DI Nixon was expelled from the Royal Ulster Constabulary, albeit on full pension, in 1924 for giving (in breach of police regulations) a political speech to an Orange Order meeting saying that, "not an inch of Ulster should be yielded" to the Free State.

</doc>
<doc id="21529351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529351" title="2007 in Ecuadorian football">
2007 in Ecuadorian football

The 2007 season is the 85th season of competitive football in Ecuador.
National team.
Senior team.
Luis Fernando Suárez resigned as the head coach of the senior team. He was replaced by Sixto Vizuete, who was previously the coach of the U-20 team.
Copa América.
Ecuador participated in their 24th Copa América. They were drawn into Group B and finished last in the group.
World Cup qualifying.
CONMEBOL's qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup started in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21529365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529365" title="Aoi Yūki">
Aoi Yūki

, better known by her stage name is a Japanese voice actress, actress and singer from Chiba Prefecture. She is affiliated with the Pro-Fit agency.
When she was 16, she played the seven-year-old Murasaki Kuhōin in "Kure-nai". She had two roles in 2008, eight in 2009, and twelve in 2010. She graduated from high school in March 2010, and university in March 2014. 
Biography.
Yūki entered the entertainment industry at the age of 4. As a child, she acted in films and dramas. From 1999 until 2002, she made regular appearances on the variety shows "Appare Sanma Dai-sensei" and "Yappari Sanma Dai-sensei" which aired on Fuji TV. When she was in fifth grade, she made her debut as a voice actress.
Until the end of 2006, she was affiliated with the theater company Central. After her admission to college in August 2007, she joined the agency Breath, changing her stage name to Aoi Yūki. She got her first major role in 2008 in "Kure-nai" as Murasaki Kuhōin. In August of the same year, she moved to the agency Pro-Fit.
In 2009, she starred in two anime: "Anyamaru Tantei Kiruminzuu" and "Yumeiro Patissiere" as Riko Mikogami and Ichigo Amano, respectively. After that, she voiced the protagonists of several of her series, notably Iris from "Pokémon: Best Wishes!"
In 2011, Yūki voiced the eponymous character of the anime "Puella Magi Madoka Magica", Madoka Kaname. In October of the same year, she won the award for best voice actor in the Newtype x Machi Asobi Anime Awards. In 2012, she was awarded the Best Lead Actress Award in the 6th Seiyu Awards.
In 2013, Yūki, together with voice actress Ayana Taketatsu, formed the singing unit Petit Milady.
Music.
On March 28, 2012, she released her first solo album "Petipa". Her first single, "VisuMania", was released on January 29, 2014, which is used as the ending theme to the anime television series "World Conquest Zvezda Plot".

</doc>
<doc id="21529375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529375" title="Oppenheimer Stadium disaster">
Oppenheimer Stadium disaster

The Oppenheimer Stadium disaster, or Orkney Disaster, at the Oppenheimer Stadium in the city of Orkney ( from Johannesburg) in South Africa's North West province was the second-worst sporting incident in South African history, with 42 deaths.
On 13 January 1991, there was a preseason "friendly" association football match between Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates. The stadium had a capacity of 23,000, but about 30,000 fans were admitted and were not separated according to the team they supported. The referee upheld a goal scored by the Chiefs, and supporters of the Pirates objected. Pirates fans threw cans and fruit at Chiefs fans, and allegedly some knife-wielding Pirates fans attacked Chiefs fans. In the stampede, panicking fans trying to escape the brawls were trampled or crushed to death against riot-control fences.
The worst sporting incident in South Africa, the Ellis Park Stadium disaster in 2001, involved fans of the same two teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21529397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529397" title="Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand">
Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand

The Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand (I-EA-T, ) is a state enterprise under control of the Ministry of Industry of Thailand. It was established under the Declaration of the Revolutionary Council No.339 in 1972. The responsibilities of the Authority are principally to create and organize industrial estates, grouping together industrial facilities in a synergistic manner. The Authority also has the responsibility of decentralization of industrial activity away from the capital to the outlying provinces of Thailand. The Authority is active in fields of environmental issues, workplace safety, land use, insurance, import and export management and promotion, and factory-related infrastructure development such as water supply, electricity distribution, telephony, shopping, housing and roads.
The Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand currently operates 12 industrial estates and co-manages 26, of Thailand's total of 38 industrial estates. It is located in Bangkok. 
Roles of the Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand.
The IEAT is a one-stop service center for businesses locating inside the industrial estates. The IEAT can grant permissions and licenses for each investor and entrepreneur to set up their facilities and machines ready.
Apart from permission granting, the IEAT acts as a government monitor. It checks regulations as well as standards for factories inside the Industrial Estate. These regulations include everything from construction standards to environmental issues such as air emission and wastewater treatment.
List of Industrial Estates.
There are now currently 47 industrial estates distributed over 15 provinces.
Northern Provinces 

</doc>
<doc id="21529459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529459" title="1925 Canton Bulldogs season">
1925 Canton Bulldogs season

The 1925 Canton Bulldogs season was their fifth in the National Football League and their first season since 1923. The team failed to improve on their previous record against NFL opponents of 11–0–1, winning only four NFL games. They finished eleventh in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21529462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529462" title="Colloid-facilitated transport">
Colloid-facilitated transport

Colloid-facilitated transport designates a transport process by which colloidal particles serve as transport vector
of diverse contaminants in the surface water (sea water, lakes, rivers, fresh water bodies) and in underground water circulating in fissured rocks
(limestone, sandstone, granite, ...). The transport of colloidal particles in surface soils and in the ground can also occur, depending on the soil structure, soil compaction, and the particles size, but the importance of colloidal transport was only given sufficient attention during the '1980 years. 
Radionuclides, heavy metals, and organic pollutants, easily sorb onto colloids suspended in water and that can easily act as contaminant carrier. 
Various types of colloids are recognised: inorganic colloids (clay particles, silicates, iron oxy-hydroxides, ...), organic colloids (humic and fulvic substances). When heavy metals or radionuclides form their own pure colloids, the term ""Eigencolloid"" is used to designate pure phases, e.g., Tc(OH)4, Th(OH)4, U(OH)4, Am(OH)3. Colloids have been suspected for the long range transport of plutonium on the Nevada Nuclear Test Site. They have been the subject of detailed studies for many years. However, the mobility of inorganic colloids is very low in compacted bentonites and in deep clay formations
because of the process of ultrafiltration occurring in dense clay membrane.
The question is less clear for small organic colloids often mixed in porewater with truly dissolved organic molecules.

</doc>
<doc id="21529531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529531" title="Margaret Cox (athlete)">
Margaret Cox (athlete)

Margaret Joan Cox (6 August 1914 – July 2004) was an English athlete who won the bronze medal in the javelin throw at the 1934 British Empire Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21529540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529540" title="Aappilattoq Heliport (Qaasuitsup)">
Aappilattoq Heliport (Qaasuitsup)

Aappilattoq Heliport is a heliport in Aappilattoq, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of government contract.
There is also a heliport with the same name located in the village of Aappilattoq in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Upernavik area. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21529550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529550" title="Ai Haruna">
Ai Haruna

In October 2009, Haruna won the "Miss International Queen 2009" transsexual beauty pageant held in Pattaya, Thailand, becoming the first Japanese contestant to win the title.

</doc>
<doc id="21529552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529552" title="2009 Abierto Mexicano Telcel">
2009 Abierto Mexicano Telcel

The 2009 Abierto Mexicano Telcel was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 16th edition of the men's tournament (9th for the women) of the Abierto Mexicano Telcel, and was part of the 500 series of the 2009 ATP World Tour, and was in the International category of tournaments on the 2009 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Fairmont Acapulco Princess in Acapulco, Mexico, from February 23 through February 28, 2009.
The men's singles draw included David Nalbandian, the 2008 runner-up in this event and winner in Sydney earlier this year; Gaël Monfils, a semifinalist in Doha and Rotterdam earlier this year; Nicolás Almagro, the defending champion; Tommy Robredo, a semifinalist in Viña del Mar and winner of Costa do Sauipe and Buenos Aires earlier this year; Carlos Moyá, a two-time champion of this event; Albert Montañés; José Acasuso, Viña del Mar runner-up and Costa do Sauipe semifinalist earlier this year; and Juan Mónaco.
The women's singles draw included two top 20 players: Dubai champion Venus Williams and Flavia Pennetta, who has reached the final of this event the last five years and won it twice. Carla Suárez Navarro, 2004 champion Iveta Benešová, Bogotá runner-up Gisela Dulko, Lucie Šafářová, Tathiana Garbin, and Bogotá champion María José Martínez Sánchez were also in the draw.
ATP entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
WTA entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="21529563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529563" title="Amanda Leigh">
Amanda Leigh

Amanda Leigh is the sixth studio album by American artist Mandy Moore, released by "Storefront & RED Distribution" in May and June 2009. Marketed and distributed by Sony Music Entertainment, the album consists of eleven songs and five bonus tracks. Most are contemporary folk style songs with country and pop influences.
On March 17, 2009, "I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week", the first single from the album, was released for digital download on iTunes.
Background and music.
In October 2008, Moore posted live videos of three new songs she had been working on with singer-songwriter, pianist and guitarist Mike Viola on her blog. Fans speculated about a possible album featuring both artists.
Recording sessions for the album took place around December 2008 in Boston, Massachusetts.
It was announced in February 2009 that the new album was to be released in May by Storefront Recordings, a new label founded by Moore's longtime manager John Leshay. Moore again worked with Lori McKenna, who co-wrote three songs on her 2007 album, "Wild Hope".
The album's music variously channels Todd Rundgren, Joni Mitchell, and Paul McCartney. According to Moore, "The music is all a reflection of me now, not somebody else's choices."
Tracks.
The album opens with the song "Merrimack River", which, according to Moore, she knew it was exactly the way to open the album, indicating the lyrics ("restless to begin a wave comes crashing in"). The next song, "Fern Dell", was among the first batch of songs recorded for the album. The song, according to the singer talks about first impressions and how they can change and affect your world. The third track is "I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week", which also served as the only official single released. About the song, Moore says "it's a way of owning and acknowledging your sense of worth in a rather tongue and cheek manner". The fourth song, "Pocket Philosopher", is about "the excitement of meeting someone new and wanting to stop time so you could figured them out a little more". The fifth song, "Song About Home" talks about the struggles that there might be between the definitions of home when you are a child and when you have your own family. "Everblue", the sixth song on the album, is the last survivor of the 6 or 7 songs written by Moore and Lori McKenna. The song, though being heavy, has a comfortable, resigned sadness. The seventh song, called "Merrimack River (Reprise)" is an instrumental interlude which resembles the first song of the album. "Love to Love Me Back", the eighth song of the album, is a country-oriented song which talks about loving and being loved back by someone who is capable of having "two way conversations" and someone who "can handle any situation". The song was also the first song written by Moore along with Mike Viola and Inara Georgre and it became "instant driving force in shaping what the record turned out to be". "Indian Summer", the ninth song is described by Moore as "the one song that carried severe demo-itis for me". The tenth song of the record ("Nothing Everything") was the last song written for it. The song is about telling someone that maybe it's time to move on and that you feel that the person deserves the best, and you are not it. According to Mandy, Viola was working on the melody for a few days, but the lyrics were written in fifteen minutes. The name of the last song of the record "Bug" came from Moore's nickname given by her husband, the singer Ryan Adams, and she describes it as "something acoustic and simple to fall at the end of the record".
Promotion and release.
For the promotion of the album, Moore will be performing an exclusive concert for the winning town of the "Love at First Sniff" competition on Gain's official site. The town that has the most stories placed on the website wins the competition and gets the concert hosted there.
Moore visited many talk shows including "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". On both shows she performed her new single "I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week" to promote the album. On May 26, 2009, she performed her new songs at Amoeba Music in Hollywood, together with Mike Viola, the day her new album set to be released under her new label Storefront Records.
On March 17, 2009, her first single for the record "I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week" was released for digital download on iTunes. This was the date of the pre-ordering for the album.
On March 17, Moore's official website shared clips from all the songs from the standard edition of the album. New songs, "Fern Dell" and "Love To Love Me Back," were made available for streaming at her Myspace page a few days after.
According to a post in a blog on her website, it would be released digitally globally on September 29, a little more than four months after its initial release.
The album was released in Brazil on June 28, 2010.
The album was released in Argentina in November 2011.
Reception.
At "Metacritic", which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received a score of 70, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
"Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a B+, stating that it was "much more fun" than "Wild Hope" and praised the songs "Merrimack River", "Pocket Philosopher", and "Song About Home." The album topped the website's Must List the week it was released.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote the album is a "clean, classy collection of AAA pop."
IGN wrote, "With "Amanda Leigh", Moore has succeeded in crafting a personal record that is entertaining, even compelling at times, but isn't weighed down by heavy themes, misguided irony, or complex arrangements."
The "Dallas Morning News" noted that ""Amanda Leigh" turns more compelling with each listen...How great that she left the Britney Spears factory behind."
Track listing.
All songs written by Mandy Moore and Mike Viola, except where noted.
Commercial.
"Amanda Leigh" debuted at number 25 in "Billboard" 200 selling 15,657 copies in its first week of release. This is her third highest peaking album to date. It quickly fell to #121 the week after.
The album was released in Brazil and has sold more than 1,000 so far, though it has not charted in any official chart of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="21529577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529577" title="Mačiulis">
Mačiulis

Mačiulis is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. Its feminine forms are: Mačiulienė (married woman or widow) and Mačiulytė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21529580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529580" title="Nicolás Fuentes">
Nicolás Fuentes

Nicolás Fuentes Fuentes (born 20 February 1941) is a retired Peruvian football player.
Playing career.
Fuentes made 17 appearances for the Peru national football team from 1965 to 1971, including playing at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21529584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529584" title="New Scotland Yard (TV series)">
New Scotland Yard (TV series)

New Scotland Yard is a police drama series produced by London Weekend Television (LWT) for the ITV network between 1972 and 1974. It features the activities of two officers from the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) in the Metropolitan Police force headquarters at New Scotland Yard, as they dealt with the assorted villains of the day.
The first three series ran from 1972 to 1973 and starred John Woodvine as Det. Chief Supt. Kingdom and John Carlisle as Det. Sgt. Ward. But the series, scheduled on a Saturday night, failed to match the ratings of its more glamorous midweek sister programme, "Special Branch". 
The programme was resurrected for a fourth series in 1974, with an all-new cast headed by Michael Turner as Det. Chief Supt. Clay and Clive Francis as Det. Sgt. Dexter
LWT were considered to have broken the rules of Saturday night broadcasting by showing a tough police drama in place of entertainment, but it was an inspiration for "The Sweeney". Dennis Waterman, who went on to play a lead role in "The Sweeney", appeared in the earlier series.
There were several television series about Scotland Yard during the 1950s, the longest-running being "Scotland Yard" on the American Broadcasting Company from 1957-1958.

</doc>
<doc id="21529612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529612" title="Cehei ghetto">
Cehei ghetto

The Cehei ghetto, also known as the Șimleu Silvaniei ghetto, was one of the Nazi-era ghettos for European Jews during World War II. It was located in Cehei village (), within Șimleu Silvaniei ("Szilágysomlyó") town in Sălaj County, Transylvania, now part of Romania but administered as Szilágy County by the Kingdom of Hungary from the 1940 Second Vienna Award's grant of Northern Transylvania until late 1944. It was active in the spring of 1944, following Operation Margarethe.
History.
Romania's 1930 census found some 14,000 Jews living in Sălaj County, but this number had fallen to 8,000 by 1944. In 1942 and 1943, the county's male Jews aged 16 to 60 had been sent to perform forced labor on the Eastern Front, on the Ukrainian border, accounting for the fall in population. Thus, those sent to the ghetto were women, children, the elderly and the sick. The decision to set it up was taken at a conference held in Satu Mare on April 26, attended by András Gazda, assistant to the county prefect; János Sréter, mayor of Zalău; József Udvari, mayor of Șimleu Silvaniei; lieutenant colonel György Mariska, commander of the county's gendarmerie unit; Ferenc Elekes, Zalău's chief of police; and István Pethes, his counterpart in Șimleu Silvaniei. The county prefect, Baron János Jósika, immediately resigned upon being informed of the conference's decisions by his assistance, holding the planned course of action to be immoral and illegal. His successor László Szlávi, sent by the Döme Sztójay, fully cooperated with the program. Following the officials' return from Satu Mare, discussions took place in the prefect's office among local officials regarding the ghetto's physical location.
In Șimleu Silvaniei, the Jews were rounded up under the direct command of István Pethes; in Zalău, by Ferenc Elekes; in the rest of the county, under orders from András Gazda and the direct supervision of György Mariska. Among the larger communities affected were those at Tășnad and Crasna. The Jews were forced to live on the precincts of the Klein brick factory in Cehei, in a swampy and muddy area some 5 km distant from the center of Şimleu Silvaniei. At its peak, there were nearly 8,500 inhabitants, including Jews from the districts of Crasna, Cehu Silvaniei, Jibou, Șimleu Silvaniei, Supuru de Jos, Tășnad and Zalău.
As the brick shelters could not accommodate everyone, many ghetto residents had to live outside. Security was provided by a special gendarmerie unit from Budapest commanded by Krasznai, a man noted for his cruelty. He practiced constant humiliation of the Jews; in one incident, he led them to the ghetto fence, where they excreted onto a field. He ordered their picture taken, blowing it up and placing it in a shop window in town, with the legend, "this is the lesson of the yids in the Cehei ghetto". At other times, Jews would be forced up a hill, some of them savagely beaten in order to obtain information about where their valuables were hidden. Those watching the beatings were also expected to reveal what they knew.
Conditions in the ghetto were such as to keep inhabitants barely alive during the three to four weeks they spent there. Due to physical torture, lack of food and of water, the Sălaj Jews reached Auschwitz concentration camp in particularly poor shape, so that an unusually high percentage were selected for the gas chambers immediately upon arrival. The deportations from Cehei took place in three transports: May 31 (3,106), June 3 (3,161) and June 6 (1,584), with a total of 7,851 Jews sent to Auschwitz. Some 1,200 Sălaj Jews survived the Holocaust but later emigrated from Romania, so that by the 2000s, under fifty Jews remained in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="21529635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529635" title="1925 Cleveland Bulldogs season">
1925 Cleveland Bulldogs season

The 1925 Cleveland Bulldogs season was their third in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 7–1–1, winning only five league games. They finished twelfth in the league. The team also played in the first Wednesday game in league history, a 22–13 loss to the Detroit Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="21529644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529644" title="Dendrograptus">
Dendrograptus

Dendrograptus is an extinct genus of Graptolite from the Lower Ordovician.

</doc>
<doc id="21529676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529676" title="Tom Kincaid">
Tom Kincaid

Tom Kincaid (July 23, 1883 - July 6, 1910) was an American racecar driver, born in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Racing career.
Kincaid is known to have started at least 23 AAA-sanctioned races, during the years 1909-1910. He drove primarily for the team operated by Indianapolis-based auto maker, National. However, at least one 1910 race result shows him driving a Great Western. Kincaid was killed in a testing accident at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, on July 6, 1910
Race Wins.
Kincaid won a total of three races at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, including the 1910 100-mile Prest-O-Lite Trophy Race. His other victories included a 1910 200-mile race at the Atlanta Motordrome.
Sources.
Scott, D. Bruce; "INDY: Racing Before the 500"; Indiana Reflections; 2005; ISBN 0-9766149-0-1.
Galpin, Darren; "A Record of Motorsport Racing Before World War I."
http://www.motorsport.com/stats
http://www.champcarstats.com

</doc>
<doc id="21529677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529677" title="Saattut Heliport">
Saattut Heliport

Saattut Heliport is a heliport in Saattut, a village in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Uummannaq Fjord region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specifed during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21529688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529688" title="Willow Prairie Cabin">
Willow Prairie Cabin

The Willow Prairie Cabin is a rustic one-room cabin located in the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest in western Oregon, United States. It was built by a road construction crew in 1924. When the road was finished the United States Forest Service began using it to house fire crews assigned to patrol the surrounding National Forest. The Forest Service now rents the cabin to recreational visitors. The Willow Prairie Cabin is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The Willow Prairie Cabin was built in 1924 by a Forest Service road crew that was constructing a highway from Butte Falls to Fish Lake. Because the forest roads were not well developed, it was impractical for workers to make a daily round-trip from Butte Falls to the remote Willow Prairie construction site. To facilitate work at the sites, the road crew used the Willow Prairie Cabin as their base-camp from 1924 until the highway was finished in 1926.
When the road was completed, the Forest Service began using the cabin as a barracks to house fire crews assigned to patrol the Willow Prairie area. In the 1950s, the Forest Service built the Willow Prairie Campground adjacent to the cabin. In the early 1990s, the Forest Service built 19 miles of interconnecting horse trails in the Willow Prairie area. In 1991, the Willow Prairie Campground was converted into a horse camp and the cabin was opened to the public as a rental unit.
The simple log structure is an excellent example of an early Forest Service wilderness crew cabin. Because of the cabin’s rustic architecture and its unique historic value as an early Forest Service guard station, the Willow Prairie Cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Structure.
The Willow Prairie Cabin is located in a remote area of the Butte Falls Ranger District in the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest. It sits on the western slope of the Cascade Mountains, at about elevation. The cabin is surrounded by a mature conifer forest just southwest of Mount McLoughlin. It is adjacent to Willow Prairie meadow, a large high country wetland with several beaver ponds.
The Willow Prairie Cabin is a one-room log structure with a wooden shake roof. There are two shutter-style windows without glass. Heat is provided by a wood-burning stove. The cabin’s rustic furnishings include a table and chairs along with two simple sleeping cots. The cabin has built-in counter-space for preparing meals and places to hang lanterns. However, visitors must bring their own lanterns or lights as well as a portable camp stove, cookware, utensils, and bedding. The Willow Prairie Cabin has a maximum capacity is four people, and is available to rent throughout the year. The $15 per night rental fee is used to preserve and maintain the cabin.
There is a picnic table and a rock fire-ring outside the cabin. Firewood is usually available at the site; however, visitors are encouraged to bring firewood or an alternate heating source just in case the wood bin is empty. A vault-toilet is located near the cabin. During the summer, potable water is available from a hand pump approximately 400 feet from the cabin.
Recreation.
In addition to horseback riding, visitor can enjoy camping or hunting in season. Bird watching is also a popular summer pastime. Among the bird common to Willow Prairie meadow and the surrounding forest are sandhill cranes, great blue herons, Canadian geese, red-tailed hawks, and a wide variety of ducks. Deer and elk are also common near the meadow. During the winter, the area offers the opportunity for cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, and snowmobiling.
Access.
Willow Prairie Cabin is located southeast of Butte Falls, Oregon and east of Medford, Oregon. It is accessible via County Road 821 (the Butte Falls-Fish Lake Highway) to Forest Service Road 3738 and Forest Road 3735.

</doc>
<doc id="21529706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529706" title="IIHF European Cup 1984">
IIHF European Cup 1984

The 1983-1984 European Cup was the nineteenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 5, 1983, and finished on August 12, 1984.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21529709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529709" title="Puzzle Mountain (Maine)">
Puzzle Mountain (Maine)

Puzzle Mountain is a mountain located in Oxford County, Maine, and is one of the easternmost mountains in the Mahoosuc Range. The mountain also has a false peak to the north-northwest of the true summit, known as Little Puzzle Mountain. Puzzle Mountain is in the watershed of the Androscoggin River.
Hikers route to the Summit
The summit of the mountain can be accessed from the southern trail head of the Grafton Loop Trail located . The beginning miles of the trail have a relatively low incline and utilizes old logging roads for switchbacks. At about two miles, the trail makes a sharp turn to the left, and begins to climb at a steeper grade. At about 2.4 miles, the trail reaches many exposed granite boulders and ledges, offering spectacular views of the Sunday River Ski Area, Grafton Notch, and the distant Presidentials. The summit of Puzzle Mountain is at 3.2 miles, and provides an excellent view in all directions, as far as Sugarloaf Mountain. The total distance to the summit of Puzzle Mountain is 3.2 miles, and takes approximately three hours and thirty minutes to summit.
As of September, 2009, a trail nicknamed the "Loopette Trail" was approaching completion. It is being built to go to the various false peaks of the mountain that were previously unreachable. Its mileage and layout are currently unknown, as well as whether or not it will be considered part of the Grafton Loop Trail.
See also.
List of mountains in Maine

</doc>
<doc id="21529728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529728" title="Joe Agler">
Joe Agler

Joseph Abram Agler was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball between 1912 and 1915. He played mostly as a first baseman, but also played substantially in the outfield.
He made his major league debut for the Washington Senators at the end of the 1912 season. He returned to the majors with the Buffalo Buffeds in 1914, when he played in 135 games. He started the next season with Buffalo, but moved to the Baltimore Terrapins partway through the season. After the Federal League folded, Agler never returned to the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="21529736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529736" title="Ursine howler">
Ursine howler

The ursine howler (Alouatta arctoidea) is a species of howler monkey native to Venezuela, and possibly Colombia. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Venezuelan red howler and classified as "Alouatta seniculus arctoidea".

</doc>
<doc id="21529751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529751" title="Lazy Bill Lucas">
Lazy Bill Lucas

Lazy Bill Lucas (May 29, 1918 – December 11, 1982) was an American blues musician, who was part of the birth of the Chicago blues scene during the 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s, before taking his talents to Minneapolis, Minnesota, and becoming an important part of that city's blues history until his death.
Early career.
Born to sharecroppers in Wynne, Arkansas, United States, Lucas's family was always looking for better living conditions and worked their way north to Southern Missouri, then to St. Louis in 1940 and Chicago the year after. As a youngster, he sang on the streets of Advance, Missouri, where the mostly white audience preferred hillbilly songs, but in St. Louis, he teamed up with blues singer Big Joe Williams and started singing for a black audience. Until 1946, Lucas played guitar on the streets, often at the side of Sonny Boy Williamson II. Later that year, he formed a trio with Willie Mabon and Earl Dranes, joined the Musicians Union, and enjoyed a two-week gig at the Tuxedo Lounge. For several years, he played in various blues combos and played in various clubs, bars and street settings. During this time, he played with Johnny "Man" Young, Jo Jo Williams, Homesick James, Little Hudson, Snooky Pryor, and Little Walter. In 1950, Lucas switched from guitar to piano and worked as a sideman for various blues bands, and appeared on records by the Blue Rockers, Willie Foster, Homesick James and Snooky Pryor. In 1953, while leading the trio Lazy Bill and the Blue Rhythm, he secured a recording contract with Chance Records, who gave him one recording session. The company released one 78 rpm phonograph record – "She Got Me Walkin'" b/w "I Had a Dream".
Later career.
As the 1950s progressed, work became harder to find, and during the 1960s, Lucas tried to get into the folk-blues scene but could not secure any contracts. From 1964 and well into the 1970s, Lucas straddled two careers: playing in various groups led by George "Mojo" Buford and playing solo or leading his own small groups. In 1970, he played a benefit show at the Guthrie Theatre organized by Minneapolis's black establishment to show the range and history of Afro-American music. The same year Lucas appeared at the Wisconsin Delta Blues Festival, and the Ann Arbor Blues Festival, with Jeff Titon and John Schrag. In the 1970s, Titon helped record and produce Lucas's material for Philo Records. In 1979, Lucas, who had played live on the radio in the 1960s, started hosting his own regular radio show, "The Lazy Bill Lucas Show" on KFAI in Minneapolis.
Lucas died of natural causes in Minneapolis in December 1982, at the age of 64.
Discography.
" Have Mercy" (Cold Wind Records) 1988

</doc>
<doc id="21529771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529771" title="Alam-Pedja Nature Reserve">
Alam-Pedja Nature Reserve

Alam-Pedja Nature Reserve () is the largest nature reserve in Estonia. It is a vast wilderness area which covers and consists of a complex of 5 large bogs separated by unregulated rivers, their floodplains, and extensive forests. The nature reserve aims to protect diverse ecosystems and rare species, mainly through preserving the natural development of forests and bogs and securing the continuing management of semi-natural floodplain grasslands.
Alam-Pedja is situated in Central Estonia northeast of Lake Võrtsjärv, in a lowland area called the Võrtsjärv Basin. It spans over three counties - Tartu, Jõgeva and Viljandi. The area has an especially low density of human population, comparable to that of wolf, bear and lynx.
The nature reserve was established in 1994. It is recognized as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention and since 2004 it is a designated Natura 2000 site.
The name Alam-Pedja, translating as Lower-Pedja, comes from the nature reserve's location on the lower reaches of the Pedja River.
History.
The first human inhabitants came to the area of the present nature reserve in the Stone Age. Permanent settlements were established on the shores of Lake Big Võrtsjärv, predecessor of the current lake, which covered large lowland areas to the north and northeast. Fishing was the main occupation which attracted inhabitants to this area for centuries.
Human activities influenced the area most in the 19th century, when interest in using its natural resources (mainly wood and fish) grew significantly. The main driver behind exploiting the large forests of the area was glass industry, which needed huge amounts of firewood. The first glass workshop was established in Utsali in 1760. In the beginning of 19th century the Võisiku or Rõika-Meleski glass and mirror manufacture on the banks of Põltsamaa River near the western border of the current nature reserve was the largest industrial enterprise in Estonia, employing around 540 people in 1820. After the First World War the majority of glass factories were shut down and intensive forest cutting stopped.
From 1952 to 1992 Soviet Air Force managed a relatively small bombing range in the northern part of the area. The small village of Utsali was cleared of people for that purpose. The large buffer zone of the bombing range, covering nearly half of the territory of today's nature reserve, ensured the protection of the natural landscape.
The nature reserve was officially established in 1994 with the help of Estonian Fund for Nature. In 1997 it was included in the Ramsar list of wetlands of international importance and since 2004 it is part of the European Union Natura 2000 network.
Currently the nature reserve has less than 10 permanent inhabitants, and no roads traverse the area. Before the Second World War, 120 people lived in Palupõhja, a village on the left bank of Emajõgi; in 2001, it had five.
Nature.
Alam-Pedja Nature Reserve covers large portion of the Võrtsjärv Basin, a vast bowl-like lowland area, which following the last Ice Age was inundated by the waters of Lake Big Võrtsjärv. When the lake formed in early Holocene the water level was 4–5 m higher than today. The lake started receding after 7500 BP, when an outflow to the east developed via the Emajõgi Valley.
The nature reserve is largely a wetland, including a complex of five large bogs and floodplains of the large rivers (Emajõgi, Põltsamaa and Pedja). Wetlands cover 82% of the nature reserve's territory. The only types of lakes found in the nature reserve are oxbow lakes and more than 2000 bog pools. Lots of floodplain meadows have traditionally used for haymaking. However, in recent decades the extent of floodplains mowed has greatly decreased, threatening species associated with such valuable semi-natural landscapes. Continuing management of floodplain meadows is one of the main aims of the nature reserve.
Most of the forest in Alam-Pedja are also wet. Alluvial broadleaf and old-growth forests are particularly valuable.
Alam-Pedja is the most important breeding area for Great Snipe in Estonia and the Baltic countries. Greater Spotted Eagle is another threatened bird species breeding in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="21529791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529791" title="Leza Lidow">
Leza Lidow

Leza Lidow (born February 5, 1924) is an artist.
Lidow was brought up in a creative and intellectual environment. Her father was a World War I pilot, who later found a career as a stunt pilot for film. Her mother, daughter of a Russian diplomat, was born in China, and was an avid collector of Asian art and translated Asian poetry.
At an early age she showed a passion for painting. At 18 she married the composer Friedrich Hollander, who wrote for Marlene Dietrich as well as for Hollywood films. Film studios were interested in her as a potential actress but she declined in order to paint. She had a daughter with Hollander but after three years the couple divorced.
Her education in art was continued in Paris and Switzerland. In 1951, Lidow returned to Los Angeles and exhibited solo at Roperi's Gallery. Soon after, she married industrialist and founder of International Rectifier Corp, Eric Lidow, and they had two sons together.
In 2005 arthritis had complicated her ability to paint. She started to make short films to continue her artistic expression.
Exhibitions.
2008-2009
2007
2006
2004
2003
2002
2001
1998/1999.
1997
1995
1994
1992/93
Mondial Arts Salon Avignon 93, Avignon, France (Gold Medal Award-Group Exhibitions)
1990/91
1989
1987/88
1985/86
1984
1982/83
1981
1978
1952
1951
References.
Official website: http://www.lezalidow.com

</doc>
<doc id="21529809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529809" title="2006 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A">
2006 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A

The 2006 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol de la Serie A (known as the 2006 Copa Pílsener Serie A for sponsorship reasons) was the 48th season of Ecuador's Serie A, the country's top football tournament for the country's top league. El Nacional won their 13th title to tie Barcelona for the most top-flight championships in Ecuadorian football history.
Format.
The Serie A returned to its year-long format this season. The tournament was composed of three stages.
The First Stage and Second Stage are identical. The ten teams competed in a double round-robin tournament, one game at home and one away. The top three teams in each stage qualified to the Liguilla Final with bonus points (3, 2, and 1 point, respectively). The winner of each group also qualified to the 2006 and 2007 Copa Sudamericana, respectively. At the end of each, the team with the least amount of points were relegated to the Serie B.
The Liguilla Final was a double round-robin tournament between the six qualified teams of the First and Second Stage. The winner of the Liguilla Final was crowned the Serie A champion. The champion and runner-up also qualified to the 2008 Copa Libertadores into the Second Stage, while the third-place finisher qualified to the First Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21529815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529815" title="Mitsubishi Research Institute">
Mitsubishi Research Institute

Mitsubishi Research Institute, Inc. (in Japanese, 三菱総合研究所 or 三菱総研 for short) (), often called MRI, was established at the centennial anniversary of Japan's Mitsubishi Group in 1970, invested by the various companies of the group (currently capitalized at 5,302,000,000 yen), and is a Think tank, representative of Japan. It is the consulting firm of Mitsubishi Group and now employs about 800 people. 
General.
Mitsubishi Research Institute, Inc., often called MRI, was established at the centennial anniversary of Japan's Mitsubishi Group in 1970, invested by the various companies of the group (currently capitalized at 5,302,000,000 yen), and is a Think tank, representative of Japan. 
It is the consulting firm of Mitsubishi Group and now employs about 800 people. It has its branches in Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya, and keeps an office in Washington, D.C..
Subsidiaries.
MRI owns subsidiaries, such as Mitsubishi Research Institute DCS, often called DCS (Diamond Computer Service), the IT support arm of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), which is jointly owned by MRI (60 percent) and MUFG (40 percent). Separately, MUFG has its own Think tank, Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting (MURC) with a staff of 700 people, a conglomeration of former Mitsubishi Bank's Diamond Business Consulting, Bank of Tokyo's Tokyo Research International, Sanwa Bank's Sanwa Research Institute and Tokai Bank's Tokai Research Institute.
Competition.
Its competitors are:
etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21529825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529825" title="Hank Edwards (American football)">
Hank Edwards (American football)

Hank Edwards (born May 20, 1983, in Hollywood, Florida) is a professional Canadian and Arena football wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League (AFL). He was originally signed by the Tampa Bay Storm as a street free agent in 2006. He played college football at Texas Southern.
Edwards has also played for the Toronto Argonauts

</doc>
<doc id="21529837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529837" title="André Dieudonné Berre">
André Dieudonné Berre

André Dieudonné Berre (born 3 September 1940) is a Gabonese politician. He served in the government of Gabon from 1990 to 2003 and was the Mayor of Libreville, the capital and largest city, from 2003 to 2007. He is a member of the Gabonese Democratic Party ("Parti démocratique gabonais", PDG) and is currently a Deputy in the National Assembly of Gabon.
Political career.
Born in Lambaréné, Berre became a geologist and was Deputy Director-General of the Shell Gabon oil company during the 1970s. He was then Director-General of Shell Gabon from 1977 to 1990. In late May 1990, following riots in Port-Gentil that were sparked by the mysterious death of opposition leader Joseph Rendjambé, Berre complained that "the rioters systematically destroyed the infrastructure that we have invested many years to create". Berre entered the government as Minister of Trade and Industry later in 1990. He remained in that post until March 1994, when he was instead appointed as Minister of the Economy, Planning, Reform of the Parastatal Sector, and Privatization. He was then moved to the post of Minister of Trade, Industry, Small and Medium-Sized Industries, and the Craft Industry, in charge of the Reform of the Parastatal Sector and Privatization, in October 1994. He was instead appointed as Minister of Higher Education, Research, and Technological Innovation, in charge of Relations with the Constitutional Assemblies, in 1999.
As a PDG candidate in Libreville, Berre won a seat in the National Assembly in the December 2001 parliamentary election. He remained in the government after the election and was moved to the position of Minister of Communication, Posts, and Information Technologies on 27 January 2002. Following the December 2002 local elections, he was elected as Mayor of Libreville on 19 January 2003, receiving the votes of 91 out of 97 municipal councillors; Mehdi Teale was then appointed to replace him as Minister of Communication. When Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China, visited Gabon in early February 2004, Berre designated him as an honorary citizen of Libreville and gave him a ceremonial key to the city. In late 2004, he banned the sale of drugs in Libreville's streets, describing it as "a harmful and illegal practice".
In the December 2006 parliamentary election, Berre was elected to the National Assembly, winning the first seat from the First "Arrondissement" of Libreville. Because parliamentary deputies in Gabon are not allowed to hold any other elected office, Berre stepped down as Mayor of Libreville so that he could retain his seat in the National Assembly, and Alexandre Ayo-Barro was elected to succeed him as Mayor in May 2007.
Berre is a member of the Political Bureau of the PDG as of 2007. Following the death of President Omar Bongo in June 2009, Berre stressed stability and continuity: "Gabon is being governed. The ministers are here and doing their work. I'm in the (National) Assembly and we are legislating. All the other institutions are working."

</doc>
<doc id="21529867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529867" title="Drought rhizogenesis">
Drought rhizogenesis

Drought rhizogenesis is an adaptive root response to drought stress. New emerging roots are short, swollen, and hairless, capable of retaining turgor pressure and resistant to prolonged desiccation. Upon rewatering, they are capable of quickly forming an absorbing root surface and hair growth. This rhizogenesis has been called a drought tolerance strategy for after-stress recovery.
Structural features.
These drought induced short roots can be found on either both the tap root and lateral roots or on lateral roots only. These patterns are mostly likely a reflection of the plants' individual ability to maintain meristematic activity under low water potential.
This morphological phenomenon was found in some families of Angiosperm dicot perennials and has been documented in Arabidopsis thaliana.

</doc>
<doc id="21529872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21529872" title="Shannon Boatman">
Shannon Boatman

Shannon Boatman (born November 24, 1984) is a Canadian football offensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Florida State.
Professional career.
Toronto Argonauts.
Boatman spent the 2009 season on the Toronto Argonauts practice roster. He played 5 games in 2010. He was cut by the Argos during 2011 training camp.
Omaha Nighthawks.
Boatman was signed by the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League on July 5, 2011.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Boatman signed with the Blue Bombers on July 4, 2012.

</doc>
