<doc id="21464946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464946" title="Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa">
Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa

Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa () is a 2010 Tamil romantic drama film directed and written by Gautham Vasudev Menon, featuring Silambarasan and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles. The film, distributed by Udhayanidhi Stalin, features a successful soundtrack composed by A. R. Rahman, cinematography by Manoj Paramahamsa and editing by Anthony Gonsalves. The story was simultaneously shot and released by Gautham in Telugu as "Ye Maaya Chesave", starring Naga Chaitanya and Samantha Ruth Prabhu, however, with a different cast and climax.
Launched by a wave of publicity posters with no details about the cast and crew, "Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa" began its initial run in February 2009. Shooting continued through 2009, with the film garnering significant media interest, through schedules in Malta and the United States. Before release, it became the first Tamil project to have a music soundtrack premiere outside of India, with a successful launch at the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) in London.
"Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa" explores the complicated relationship between a Hindu Tamil assistant director, Karthik, and a Syrian Christian Malayali girl, Jessie Thekekuttu. Karthik falls in love with Jessie only to be met by her indifference and reluctance as they belong to different religions and her strict conservative family will never consent. Undeterred Karthik pursues her, going as far as her native town. She also falls in love with him. However, they have to face many problems and emotional conflicts. The film released on 26 February 2010, along with the Telugu version to advance bookings worldwide. Upon release, it achieved positive reviews, with several critics giving "modern classic" status, whilst also becoming a commercially successful venture. It was later remade in Hindi as "Ekk Deewana Tha" starring Prateik Babbar and Amy Jackson, which was not as successful.
Plot.
Karthik (Silambarasan) is a graduate Mechanical Engineering in Chennai who aspires to become a filmmaker. His friend introduces him to cinematographer Ganesh (Ganesh Janardhanan). With Ganesh's help Karthik becomes an assistant to director K. S. Ravikumar. Karthik's family, who are Tamil Hindu Veerakodi Vellalars (Vellalar), rent Jessie's (Trisha Krishnan) house. Jessie is from a conservative Malayali Nasrani Christian family from Alappuzha, Kerala, that lives upstairs. Karthik falls in love with Jessie the moment he meets her. Karthik tries to interact with Jessie (Trisha), who is afraid of speaking to men around her strict father, and ends up angering her. Unable to hide his feelings any longer, Karthik confesses his love for her; she does not respond. A few days later, Karthik learns from his sister that Jessie has gone to Kerala to visit her grandmother. He and Ganesh end up in Kerala to look for her. After several days, he finds her and apologises. She introduces him to her family in Kerala as her "classmate". Jessie denies she has any feelings for him but agrees to be his friend. On the train journey back home, however, the two get close and share a kiss. Karthik is convinced Jessie loves him; the two meet several times and Jessie begins to admit that she also likes Karthik, but wants to refrain from any problems because she knows her father wouldn't give her hand in marriage to a Hindu. Consequently, due to various misunderstandings between Jessie's brother and Karthik, her parents learn of their supposed affair. They fix a match and schedule her wedding. The day arrives and midway through the ceremony, Jessie refuses to marry the groom, displeasing everyone in her family. Karthik, who had, without anyone's knowledge, come to Kerala to witness the wedding is ecstatic and secretly visits Jessie at her home. It is then that Jessie admits she has indeed fallen in love with him. Karthik and Jessie continue to love each other without the knowledge of their parents.
At this point of time, Karthik goes to Goa on a 45-day shoot, where he gets rather busy. Meanwhile, the topic of Jessie's marriage comes up again at her home when the guy whom she refused to marry earlier pays them a visit. Panicking, Jessie calls Karthik and tells him that she wants to elope with him. Karthik, since he is travelling through less than ideal places, tells Jessie to stay in Chennai for now, and that soon he would be back and they can discuss. Jessie stops taking Karthik's calls and so he goes back one night to check on Jessie. He comes to know that Jessie has decided to break up, as the relationship is not peaceful due to her parents' disapproval. She says she has agreed to get married to a boy of their choice. When Karthik pleads her not to do it, she tells him that a time had come when she was willing to elope, but the moment was gone. She doesn't want Karthik to wait for her too long, as he has his dreams to fulfill. Karthik later comes to know that she is married and settled abroad.
Two years later, Karthik meets Nandini (Samantha Ruth Prabhu). She falls in love with him, but is rejected by Karthik by saying that he hasn't yet gotten over Jessie. He then comes up with a script for his first film, which happens to be his very own love story. He calls upon Naga Chaitanya Akkineni as the film's protagonist, Nandini as the female lead and Ganesh as the film's cinematographer, and the film is eventually titled "Jessie". While shooting for the film in New York, he sees Jessie and she comes to speak with him. She admits that she is not married and is still in love with him, and he too says she is still in his heart. Karthik proposes yet again and they get married the same day. This is actually revealed to be the end scene in Karthik's movie – which Karthik and Jessie in real life are watching together in the theatre. After it gets over, it is revealed to the audience that Jessie had in fact seen Karthik in New York but had not come forward to meet him. She is married now and hence asks Karthik to fall in love again and move on. She tells Karthik that they cannot lead a life which is full of obstacles and they part, once and for all to lead different lives and different destinies.
Production.
Development.
In late January 2009, speculation arose surrounding a potential collaboration between Silambarasan, Gautham Menon and A. R. Rahman, but none confirmed the news. In a surprise move, in early February 2009 a poster appeared in Indian papers featuring Silambarasan, but with no names of crew members. This was a significant move as this was Gautham's first project after his split with Harris Jayaraj. Furthermore, the early poster suggested that the film was titled "Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa", in homage to the song "Vennilavae Vennilavae" from the 1997 film, "Minsaara Kanavu". Subsequently, each day leading up to Valentine's Day saw the launch of a new poster, still without details of the crew except the inclusion of Trisha Krishnan as the lead actress; posters released after the one tributing "Minsara Kanavu" were those of stills from "Dil Se..", "Alaipayuthey", "Kaakha Kaakha" and "Geethanjali". It eventually surfaced as a Gautham Menon film, with music by Rahman and cinematography by Manoj Paramahamsa. Gautham stated that the movie would be his return to the love genre after having directed action thriller post his debut venture, "Minnale". Nagarjuna Akkineni approached Gautham Menon to do a Telugu version simultaneously. He agreed and the scenes were shot at the same time. Menon cited that he was "a week away from starting the film with a newcomer" before his producer insisted they looked at Silambarasan, with Menon revealing that he was unimpressed with the actor's previous work.
Filming.
The shooting started on 14 February 2009 and was held in several locations as New York City, Malta, Kerala, Chennai, Trichy, Thanjavur and Rome. The songs were shot in Malta at sets and choreographed by Flexy Stu. Before release, the film was passed with a U/A (Parental Guidance) rating by the Indian Censor Board due to intimate scenes between Silambarasan and Trisha.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bought by Kalaignar TV. The film was given a "U/A" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Critical reception.
The film opened to positive reviews from critics. Oneindia.in said "The slow phase of the second half and frequent use of bad words (Chennai Tamil) are major minuses in Goutham's narration. But these are all not preventing one to enjoy the content of true and painful love of the film!"
Sify said that it was "Very good" further citing "The film is a must watch for those who cares for cinema of sense and substance. It stresses the fact that Tamil cinema has to break the mould if it aims to grab eyeballs. Gautham Menon has crafted a movie that will stay in our hearts for a long, long time." Indiaglitz stated "If and only if, you have all the time in the world, and you like the slow romantic genre, you'll enjoy this one."
Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff.com called the film a "Must watch" further citing "The best part about VTV is that it revolves around people, rather than events. It's like putting a camera into the intimate, everyday life of two people and following them on their adventures. The characters go through a whirlwind of emotions, laugh and cry, and take you along with them." However, the reviewer points out certain drawbacks in the film citing "On the minus side, VTV suffers from the same defect as Vaaranam Aayiram: the second half lags in pace. The dialogues and confrontations are repetitive. There's a would-be love-track that seems unnecessary before the story takes off again."
Malathi Rangarajan from "The Hindu" said "Twenty two-year old Karthik's true-to-life overtures, reactions and recklessness are just as you would expect from a director of Menon's calibre. It is his authentic depiction of Jessie's confusion that's all the more amazing – Menon's complete understanding of a woman's psyche bowls you over! So do the young lovers!" Aravindan D. I. of nowrunning.com gave the film three stars out of five and said "Gautam Vasudev Menon's "Vinnai Thaandi Varuvaaya" is a clean romantic story without any deviation or sub-plots."
Chennai Online said, "Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa" (VTV) is an excellent effort on the part of Gautam Vasudev Menon in narrating a clean romantic story without any deviation from the plot" and further cited "As is Menon’s forte, the dialogues and the execution of scenes are top-notch. The joys of falling of love and the pangs of separation have been portrayed well. The way Simbu nurtures his love for Jesse and the positive but ambiguous reactions from Trisha to his overtures are very nice indeed."
Box office.
"Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa" took a grand opening, grossing around in its first three days in Chennai. The film grossed at the Chennai box office in the 12th weekend. It totally grossed and was officially declared a commercial success.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by A. R. Rahman. "Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa" marked the beginning of a collaboration between Rahman and Gautham Menon.
The world premiere was held at BAFTA in London on 19 December 2009 and later it was relaunched in Chennai on 12 January 2010. The album consists of seven tracks released with positive responses and was appreciated. The audio received overwhelming pre-release response and was marked as No. 1 in Asia, in advance bookings. The album was ranked among the best musicals of 2011.
Sequel.
In 2011, Gautham Menon and Silambarasan confirmed the possibility of a sequel "Vinnaithaandi Varuven" to be made shortly after completion of a few projects, with an additional star cast of Amy Jackson and Santhanam.

</doc>
<doc id="21464948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464948" title="Gymnasium UNT">
Gymnasium UNT

The Gymnasium is a high school for men belonging to the National University of Tucumán, located in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina. It is characterized by its humanistic orientation, using a system of self-discipline, a mentoring scheme and the wide participation that students have in it. The Gymnasium is designed to prepare students for university life, but also goes beyond the academic system. This special training is given because, as well as some teachers have a deeper learning, these students act as mentors to their pairs. Supports of this education system are primarily the student or teacher mentoring, and organizational bodies such as the College Club, the Board of Representatives or of the Advisory Council. This organizational system allows students to acquire skills of organization, interaction and extensive human and a democratic vision. The historic actions of the students in the Gymnasium has been very favorable for youth in the province since it emerged in the popular traditions such as Camps (1948), Study Tours (1950), own magazine (The Chasqui, 1951) and the "Celebration Week" (1957).

</doc>
<doc id="21464951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464951" title="Elisha Winn House">
Elisha Winn House

The Elisha Winn House is located at 908 Dacula Road near Dacula, Georgia, north of Dacula city limits. The house, currently in Gwinnett County, was built in 1812, six years before the county was established. In 1809, Elisha Winn, Roger Pugh and Elijah Pugh purchased on the Apalachee River from a Jackson County tax collector. On December 15, 1818, the Elisha Winn house and the property became part of Gwinnett County. The house is the oldest surviving building in Gwinnett and probably the oldest building in metropolitan Atlanta.
History.
Being part of the newly formed county of Gwinnett, the Elisha Winn house gained historical significance. This is where much of the planning for the new county took place. Gwinnett county government functions were first carried out in the house and the backyard. Early sessions of the Superior Court (1819–1822), serving several other counties including Gwinnett County, were held in Winn's barn on the third floor. The Inferior Court and the first county elections were held in the parlor of the Elisha Winn House. In 1819, Gwinnett County had a full slate of elected county officials. The first Gwinnett County jail was built on the property, the jail was a small barn in the backyard, which was demolished in August 1933. Also, the first five judges of the Inferior Court, including Elisha Winn, were commissioned on February 1819. In 1820, the newly created Lawrenceville, became the permanent setting for the seat of government. A wooded courthouse was erected and the county government moved there. The Winn family moved to Lawrenceville in 1824 where Elisha Winn had a seat in the county government in the permanent setting of the Gwinnett County Court house.
Elisha Winn.
Elisha Winn was born in Lunenburg, Virginia in 1777, and died on March 4, 1842 and is buried in the old Lawrenceville cemetery. He was married to Judith Cochran and had 13 children. From 1815 to 1817, Winn was Justice of Inferior Court in Jackson County. From 1820 to 1825, he was an Inferior Court judge for Gwinnett County. He was a state senator for Georgia from Gwinnett during the 1830, 1833, and 1837 sessions.
Other buildings onsite.
[http://www.gwinnetths.org/Winn_House/index.htm]
Annual Elisha Winn Fair.
There is an annual Elisha Winn fair the first weekend of every October. The fair is sponsored by the Gwinnett Historical Society as a fund raiser to keep the house in good shape. October 6th and 7th, 2012 will be the 34th annual fair and the 200th anniversary of the house.
The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and a Georgia Historic Marker is located at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="21464975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464975" title="Lamont Green">
Lamont Green

Lamont Green (born July 10, 1976) is a former American football linebacker. He briefly played for the Atlanta Falcons, and was later assigned to the NFL Europe's Berlin Thunder before retiring due to injuries. Green was an All-Conference linebacker at Florida State University from 1994–1998, but never lived up to the expections stemming from his exceptional high school career. Considered an "underachiever" in college, Green was not selected in the 1999 NFL Draft.
High school career.
A Miami, Florida native, Green attended Miami Southridge High School, where he was a three time 5A all-state selection and played on two state championship teams (1991 and 1993). In his senior season in 1993, he averaged nine tackles per game for a total of 135 on the year, while most offenses shied away from him. With an offensive backfield featuring brothers Troy and Darren Davis at halfbacks as well as Sedrick Irvin at fullback, Miami Southridge rushed for 262.4 yards per game (356.27 ypg total offense). The Spartans won the Class 5A state championship in a 69–36 rout over Bradenton Manatee, to finish the season 15–0 and on the #5 rank of the "USA Today" poll. Green was named an All-American and Defensive Player of the Year by "USA Today". He also was Florida's Gatorade Player of the Year.
Green participated in the Florida-Georgia All-Star Game and was named Florida's Most Valuable Player after recording a team high eight tackles, including two stops for a total loss of 23 yards, and broke up a pass. Considered the No. 1 high school football recruit in the nation in 1994, Green chose Florida State over Southern California, Michigan, Alabama, Penn State, and Miami (FL).
College career.
After redshirting his initial year at Florida State, Green appeared mostly on special teams in his freshman season in 1995, and recorded 28 tackles (including 17 unassisted) on the season. He also caused a fumble and recovered it in the Seminoles' 72–13 win over Wake Forest. Green saw his role on the team increased in his sophomore year, as he registered 44 tackles (26 solo) as back-up linebackers. He also had six tackles-for-loss and three quarterback sacks (two of them against Maryland). In his first career start against Georgia Tech, Green stepped in front of a screen pass and ran the interception back for 56 yards and a touchdown.
Taking over as starting outside linebacker in his junior year, Green ranked third on the team for tackles with 85, behind Sam Cowart (116) and Daryl Bush (97). He also had six tackles-for-loss. Two of those, plus a quarterback sack, came in the 14–7 win over Southern California, the first ever game between the two programs. Against North Carolina State, Green recorded his only interception of the season. In his senior year, he was selected as team captain and played an integral part in the team's run for the National Championship in the 1999 Fiesta Bowl. He ranked first on the team in tackles with 73, including 48 unassisted and ten for a loss of yardage.
Professional career.
Despite being labeled an “underachiever” and criticized for “lackluster play”, Green was ranked as the No. 4 outside linebacker prospect in the 1999 NFL Draft, behind Rahim Abdullah, Gary Stills, and Mike Peterson. However, he was not selected by any team. Eventually, he was signed by the Atlanta Falcons, playing one game for them in 1999. Green spent the 2000 season on the reserve list of the Carolina Panthers, and was briefly assigned to the Berlin Thunder of the NFL Europe. In a game against the Scottish Claymores, he viciously tackled receiver Aaron Stecker, who afterwards promised him to “getting back.” Stecker and teammate Jason Gamble placed a bounty on injuring Green, but never successfully did.
Post-playing career.
Lamont received his bachelor's degree from Florida State in Criminology & Criminal Justice in 2002. He earned his master's degree in Education from Nova Southeastern University in 2007.
Most recently he was named Academic Counselor for the Florida State Seminoles football team. He is currently the head coach of the football team and is one of the S.C.S.I. directors at South Miami Senior High School

</doc>
<doc id="21464996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464996" title="Hospice">
Hospice

Hospice care is a type of care and philosophy of care that focuses on the palliation of a chronically ill, terminally ill or seriously ill patient's pain and symptoms, and attending to their emotional and spiritual needs. In Western society, the concept of hospice has been evolving in Europe since the 11th century. Then, and for centuries thereafter in Roman Catholic tradition, hospices were places of hospitality for the sick, wounded, or dying, as well as those for travelers and pilgrims. The modern concept of hospice includes palliative care for the incurably ill given in such institutions as hospitals or nursing homes, but also care provided to those who would rather spend their last months and days of life in their own homes. It began to emerge in the 17th century, but many of the foundational principles by which modern hospice services operate were pioneered in the 1950s by Dame Cicely Saunders. Within the United States the term is largely defined by the practices of the Medicare system and other health insurance providers, which make hospice care available, either in an inpatient facility or at the patient's home, to patients with a terminal prognosis who are medically certified to have less than six months to live. Outside the United States, the term "hospice" tends to be primarily associated with the particular buildings or institutions that specialize in such care (although so-called "hospice at home" services may also be available). Outside the United States such institutions may similarly provide care mostly in an end-of-life setting, but they may also be available for patients with other specific palliative care needs. Hospice care also involves assistance for patients’ families to help them cope with what is happening and provide care and support to keep the patient at home. Although the movement has met with some resistance, hospice has rapidly expanded through the United Kingdom, the United States and elsewhere.
History.
Early development.
Linguistically, the word "hospice" derives from the Latin "hospes", a word which served double duty in referring both to guests and hosts. Historians believe the first hospices originated in the 11th century, around 1065. The rise of the Crusading movement in the 1090s saw the incurably ill permitted into places dedicated to treatment by Crusaders. In the early 14th century, the order of the Knights Hospitaller of St. John of Jerusalem opened the first hospice in Rhodes, meant to provide refuge for travelers and care for the ill and dying. Hospices flourished in the Middle Ages, but languished as religious orders became dispersed. They were revived in the 17th century in France by the Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul. France continued to see development in the hospice field; the hospice of L'Association des Dames du Calvaire, founded by Jeanne Garnier, opened in 1843. Six other hospices followed before 1900.
Meanwhile, hospices also developed in other areas. In the United Kingdom, attention was drawn to the needs of the terminally ill in the middle of the 19th century, with "Lancet" and the "British Medical Journal" publishing articles pointing to the need of the impoverished terminally ill for good care and sanitary conditions. Steps were taken to remedy inadequate facilities with the opening of the Friedenheim in London, which by 1892 offered 35 beds to patients dying of tuberculosis. Four more hospices were established in London by 1905. Australia, too, saw active hospice development, with notable hospices including the Home for Incurables in Adelaide (1879), the Home of Peace (1902) and the Anglican House of Peace for the Dying in Sydney (1907). In 1899, New York City saw the opening of St. Rose's Hospice by the Servants for Relief of Incurable Cancer, who soon expanded with six locations in other cities.
The more influential early developers of Hospice included the Irish Religious Sisters of Charity, who opened Our Lady's Hospice in Harold's Cross, Dublin, Ireland in 1879. It became very busy, with as many as 20,000 people—primarily suffering tuberculosis and cancer—coming to the hospice to die between 1845 and 1945. The Sisters of Charity expanded internationally, opening the Sacred Heart Hospice for the Dying in Sydney in 1890, with hospices in Melbourne and New South Wales following in the 1930s. In 1905, they opened St Joseph's Hospice in London. There in the 1950s Cicely Saunders developed many of the foundational principles of modern hospice care.
Rise of the modern hospice movement.
Dame Cicely Saunders was a British registered nurse whose chronic health problems had forced her to pursue a career in medical social work. The relationship she developed with a dying Polish refugee helped solidify her ideas that terminally ill patients needed compassionate care to help address their fears and concerns as well as palliative comfort for physical symptoms. After the refugee's death, Saunders began volunteering at St Luke's Home for the Dying Poor, where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician. Saunders entered medical school while continuing her volunteer work at St. Joseph's. When she achieved her degree in 1957, she took a position there.
Saunders emphasized focusing on the patient rather than the disease and introduced the notion of 'total pain', which included psychological and spiritual as well as the physical aspects. She experimented with a wide range of opioids for controlling physical pain but included also the needs of the patient's family.
She disseminated her philosophy internationally in a series of tours of the United States that began in 1963. In 1967, Saunders opened St. Christopher's Hospice. Florence Wald, the dean of Yale School of Nursing who had heard Saunders speak in America, spent a month working with Saunders there in 1969 before bringing the principles of modern hospice care back to the United States, establishing Hospice, Inc. in 1971.
At about the same time that Saunders was disseminating her theories and developing her hospice, in 1965, Swiss psychiatrist Elisabeth Kübler-Ross also began to consider the social responses to terminal illness, which she found inadequate at the Chicago hospital where her American physician husband was employed. Her 1969 best-seller, "On Death and Dying", was influential on how the medical profession responded to the terminally ill, and along with Saunders and other thanatology pioneers helped to focus attention on the types of care available to them.
Hospice care.
Hospice has faced resistance springing from various factors, including professional or cultural taboos against open communication about death among physicians or the wider population, discomfort with unfamiliar medical techniques, and professional callousness towards the terminally ill. Nevertheless, the movement has, with national differences in focus and application, spread throughout the world.
In 1984, Dr. Josefina Magno, who had been instrumental in forming the American Academy of Hospice and Palliative Medicine and sat as first executive director of the US National Hospice Organization, founded the International Hospice Institute, which in 1996 became the International Hospice Institute and College and later the International Association for Hospice and Palliative Care (IAHPC). The IAHPC, with a board of directors as of 2008 from such diverse countries as Scotland, Argentina, Hong Kong and Uganda, works from the philosophy that each country should develop a palliative care model based on its own resources and conditions, evaluating hospice experiences in other countries but adapting to their own needs. Dr. Derek Doyle, who was a founding member of IAHPC, told the "British Medical Journal" in 2003 that through her work the Philippine-born Magno had seen "more than 8000 hospice and palliative services established in more than 100 countries." Standards for Palliative and Hospice Care have been developed in a number of countries around the world, including Australia, Canada, Hungary, Italy, Japan, Moldova, Norway, Poland, Romania, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.
In 2006, the United States based National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization (NHPCO) and the United Kingdom's Help the Hospices jointly commissioned an independent, international study of worldwide palliative care practices. Their survey found that 15% of the world's countries offered widespread palliative care services with integration into major health care institutions, while an additional 35% offered some form of palliative care services, though these might be localized or very limited. As of 2009, there were an estimated 10,000 programs internationally intended to provide palliative care, although the term hospice is not always employed to describe such services.
In hospice care the main guardians are the family care giver and a hospice nurse who makes periodic stops. Hospice can be administered in a nursing home, hospice building, or sometimes a hospital; however, it is most commonly practiced in the home. In order to be considered for hospice care, one has to be terminally ill or expected to die in six months.
Africa.
1980 saw the opening of a hospice in Harare, Zimbabwe, the first in Sub-Saharan Africa. In spite of skepticism in the medical community, the hospice movement spread, and in 1987 the Hospice Palliative Care Association of South Africa formed. In 1990, Nairobi Hospice opened in Nairobi, Kenya. As of 2006, Kenya, South Africa and Uganda were among the 35 countries of the world offering widespread, well-integrated palliative care. Programs there are based on the United Kingdom model, but focus less on in-patient care, emphasizing home-based assistance.
Since the foundation of hospice in Kenya in the early 1990s, palliative care has spread through the country. Representatives of Nairobi Hospice sit on the committee to develop a Health Sector Strategic Plan for the Ministry of Health and are working with the Ministry of Health to help develop specific palliative care guidelines for cervical cancer. The Government of Kenya has supported hospice by donating land to Nairobi Hospice and providing funding to several of its nurses.
In South Africa, hospice services are widespread, focusing on diverse communities (including orphans and homeless) and offered in diverse settings (including in-patient, day care and home care). Over half of hospice patients in South Africa in the 2003-2004 year were diagnosed with AIDS, with the majority of the remaining having been diagnosed with cancer. Palliative care in South Africa is supported by the Hospice Palliative Care Association of South Africa and by national programmes partly funded by the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.
Hospice Africa Uganda (HAU) founded by Anne Merriman, began offering services in 1993 in a two-bedroom house loaned for the purpose by Nsambya Hospital. HAU has since expanded to a base of operations at Makindye, Kampala, with hospice services also offered at roadside clinics by Mobile Hospice Mbarara since January 1998. That same year saw the opening of Little Hospice Hoima in June. Hospice care in Uganda is supported by community volunteers and professionals, as Makerere University offers a distance diploma in palliative care. The government of Uganda has a strategic plan for palliative care and permits nurses and clinical officers from HAU to prescribe morphine.
North America.
Canada.
Canadian physician Balfour Mount, who first coined the term "palliative care", was a pioneer in the Canadian hospice movement, which focuses primarily on palliative care in a hospital setting. Having read the work of Kubler-Ross, Mount set out to study the experiences of the terminally ill at Royal Victoria Hospital, Montreal; the "abysmal inadequacy", as he termed it, that he found prompted him to spend a week with Saunders at St. Christopher's. Inspired, Mount decided to adapt Saunders' model for Canada. Given differences in medical funding in Canada, he determined that a hospital-based approach would be more affordable, creating a specialized ward at Royal Victoria in January, 1975. For Canada, whose official languages include English and French, Mount felt the term "palliative care ward" would be more appropriate, as the word "hospice" was already used in France to refer to nursing homes. Hundreds of palliative care programs followed throughout Canada through the 1970s and 1980s.
However, as of 2004, according to the Canadian Hospice Palliative Care Association (CHPCA), hospice palliative care was only available to 5-15% of Canadians, with available services having decreased with reduced government funding. At that time, Canadians were increasingly expressing a desire to die at home, but only two of Canada's ten provinces were provided medication cost coverage for care provided at home. Only four of the ten identified palliative care as a core health service. At that time, palliative care was not widely taught at nursing schools or universally certified at medical colleges; there were only 175 specialized palliative care physicians in all of Canada.
United States.
Hospice in the United States has grown from a volunteer-led movement to improve care for people dying alone, isolated, or in hospitals, to a significant part of the health care system. In 2010, an estimated 1.581 million patients received services from hospice. Hospice is the only Medicare benefit that includes pharmaceuticals, medical equipment, twenty-four hour/seven day a week access to care and support for loved ones following a death. Hospice care is also covered by Medicaid and most private insurance plans. Most hospice care is delivered at home. Hospice care is also available to people in home-like hospice residences, nursing homes, assisted living facilities, veterans' facilities, hospitals, and prisons. The first hospice in the US was the Connecticut Hospice.
The first United States hospital-based palliative care programs began in the late 1980s by committed volunteers across the country. A handful of institutions such as the Cleveland Clinic and Medical College of Wisconsin were among the early programs. By 1995, hospices were a $2.8 billion industry in the United States, with $1.9 billion from Medicare alone funding patients in 1,857 hospice programs with Medicare certification. In that year, 72% of hospice providers were non-profit. By 1998, there were 3,200 hospices either in operation or under development throughout the United States and Puerto Rico, according to the NHPCO. According to 2007's "Last Rights: Rescuing the End of Life from the Medical System", hospice sites are expanding at a national rate of about 3.5% per year. As of 2008, approximately 900,000 people in the United States were using hospice every year, with more than one-third of dying Americans using the service. Hospice Care is growing bigger and bigger every year.
Hospice plays an important role in reducing Medicare costs. Over the past 20–30 years 27-30% of Medicare's total budget was spent on individuals in their last year of life. Hospice care reduces ER visits and inpatient hospitalization which are costly and emotionally traumatizing for both the patient and their loved ones.
United Kingdom.
The hospice movement has grown dramatically in the United Kingdom since Saunders opened St. Christopher's in 1967. According to the UK's Help the Hospices in 2011, UK hospice services consisted of 220 inpatient units for adults (2009:220 with 3,175 beds (2009:3,203), 42 inpatient units for children (2009:39) with 334 beds (2009: 298), 288 home care services (2009:314), 127 hospice at home services (2009:106), 272 day care services (2009:280), and 343 hospital support services (2009:346). These services together helped over 250,000 patients in 2003 & 2004. Funding varies from 100% funding by the National Health Service to almost 100% funding by charities, but the service is always free to patients.
As of 2006 about 4% of all deaths in England and Wales occurred in a hospice setting (about 20,000 patients); a further number of patients spent time in a hospice, or were helped by hospice-based support services, but died elsewhere.
Hospices also provide volunteering opportunities for over 100,000 people in the UK, whose economic value to the hospice movement has been estimated at over £112 million.
Other nations.
Hospice Care in Australia predates the opening of St Christophers in London by 79 years. The establishment by the Irish Sisters of Charity of hospices in Sydney (1889) and in Melbourne (1938). The first hospice in New Zealand opened in 1979.
Hospice care entered Poland in the middle of the 1970s. Japan opened its first hospice in 1981, officially hosting 160 by July 2006. The first hospice unit in Israel was opened in 1983. India's first hospice, Shanti Avedna Ashram, opened in Bombay in 1986. The first modern free-standing hospice in China opened in Shanghai in 1988. The first hospice unit in Taiwan, where the term for hospice translates "peaceful care", was opened in 1990. The first free-standing hospice in Hong Kong, where the term for hospice translates "well-ending service", opened in 1992. The first hospice in Russia was established in 1997.
World Hospice and Palliative Care Day.
Since 2006 the World Hospice and Palliative Care Day is organised by a committee of the Worldwide Palliative Care Alliance, a network of hospice and palliative care national and regional organisations that support the development of hospice and palliative care worldwide. In 2014 the date is the 11th of October.

</doc>
<doc id="21464999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464999" title="SRCC">
SRCC

SRCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21465007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465007" title="The Douay Martyrs School">
The Douay Martyrs School

The Douay Martyrs RC School is a Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Ickenham within the London Borough of Hillingdon, England. It serves around 1,500 pupils from a range of social backgrounds, and its current Headmaster is Mr Martin Rainsford. It has close links with other nearby educational institutions, including Uxbridge College, Vyners School, and Bishopshalt School.
The school provision was rated 'Good' by Ofsted in its most recent inspection report.
History.
The school opened in 1962 with 450 pupils, eventually rising to 862 by 1982.
Douay Martyrs is split into two campuses separated by Long Lane. The Arrowsmith campus contains the original building, and is situated in Edinburgh Drive near Ickenham Station. The Cardinal Hume campus, though older, did not become part of Douay until 1974 formerly being Swakeleys Girls school, though this was not its first identity. A Level studies mainly occur on this site though a certain amount of cross over occurs; increasingly so with year group. It is nearer to Hillingdon tube station on Long Lane.
The author Colin Dexter, writer of the "Inspector Morse" novels, visited the school on 6 December 1991.
Building work on a new canteen and chapel for the Arrowsmith Campus was completed in 2010.
Mission and Values.
The school puts strong emphasis on its fostering of Catholic moral values throughout the time of study. Its mission statement (“To create a "Christ-centred learning" community where every individual is enabled to fulfil their true potential” [http://www.douaymartyrs.hillingdon.sch.uk/mission.html]) and motto ("Pro Fidi Petri") reflect this. Religious courses are compulsory for all years, taking the form of a Maryvale Diploma for sixth formers.
Uniform.
The uniform has changed notably twice in the school's existence. At first consisting of black blazer, grey trousers and white shirt, the uniform was changed to differentiate it from other local schools. For many years girls wore similar attire to that of boys but with skirts. This was further changed in 2008 in an attempt to improve uniform standards. The girls now wear a blue blouse with a fitted blazer with the new smaller school badge which looks smarter than the original bigger badge. Girls used to wear a blazer, shirt and tie. The boys' uniform has changed slightly. The only thing that has changed is the blazer.
Sixth Form.
Those in the Sixth form are expected to wear "Smart" or business attire.

</doc>
<doc id="21465014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465014" title="Elder Paisios of Mount Athos">
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos

Elder Paisios of Mount Athos (), born Arsenios Eznepidis (1924–1994), was a well-known Eastern Orthodox monk from Farasa, Cappadocia. He is famous for his spiritual teachings. Many people worldwide, especially in Greece and in Russia, highly venerate Elder Paisios and anticipate his formal canonization as a saint in the near future.
Biography.
On 25 July 1924, Arsenios Eznepidis was born in Farasa, Cappadocia, shortly before the population exchange between Greece and Turkey. Arsenios' name was given to him by St Arsenios the Cappadocian, who baptised him, named the child for himself and foretold Arsenios' monastic future. After the exchange, the Eznepidis family settled in Konitsa, Epirus. Arsenios grew up here, and after intermediate public school, he learned carpentry.
During the civil war in Greece, Arsenios served as a radio operator. In 1950, this was accomplished, and he went to Mt Athos: first to Fr Kyril, the future abbot of Koutloumousiou monastery, and then to Esphigmenou Monastery (although he was not supportive of their later opposition to the Ecumenical Patriarchate).
Arsenios, having been a novice for four years, was tonsured a monk and was given the name Averkios. Soon after, Fr Averkios went to the (then) idiorrhythmic brotherhood of Philotheou monastery, where his uncle was a monk. While there, he was in obedience to Elder Symeon. In 1956, Elder Symeon was to tonsure Fr Averkios to the small schema, giving him the name Paisios.
Monastic life.
In 1958 Elder Paisios was asked to spend some time in and around his home village so as to support the faithful against the proselytism of Protestant groups. He greatly encouraged the faithful there, helping many people. Afterwards, in 1962, he left to visit Sinai where he stayed for two years. During this time he became beloved of the Bedouins who benefited both spiritually as well as materially from his presence. The Elder used the money he received from the sale of his carved wooden handicraft to buy them food.
On his return to Mt. Athos in 1964 Elder Paisios took up residence at the Skete of Iviron before moving to Katounakia at the southernmost tip of Mt. Athos for a short stay in the desert there. The Elder's failing health may have been part of the reason for his departure from the desert. In 1966, he was operated on and had part of his lungs removed. It was during this time of hospitalization that his long friendship with the then young sisterhood of St. John the Theologian in Souroti, just outside of Thessaloniki, began. During his operation he greatly needed blood and it was then that a group of novices from the monastery donated blood to save him.
In 1968 he spent time at the Monastery of Stavronikita.
[http://elderpaisios.com/Life/lifetwo.htm]
Controversy.
A number of controversial political statements and prophecies have been credited to Elder Paisos by his followers. These include the prediction that a war with Turkey will lead to a restoration of a Greater Greece that includes Albania, Macedonia, and Byzantium (Istanbul), and the mass conversion of Turks from Islam to Orthodox Christianity. Many have compared Paisios to Nostradamus. 
On 21 September 2012, a Greek citizen was arrested on charges of malicious blasphemy and offense of religion for the creation of a satirical Facebook page called " Elder Pastitsios the Pastafarian". The page, which has since been taken down, satirised the commercial exploitation of Paisios's legacy. The matter was raised by a member of parliament belonging to Golden Dawn.

</doc>
<doc id="21465081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465081" title="Jean Pierre Cáncar">
Jean Pierre Cáncar

Jean Pierre Cáncar Maccari (born 8 July 1987 in Chanchamayo, Junín, Peru) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a right back or a right sided midfielder. He currently plays for Los Caimanes in the Peruvian Segunda División.
Club career.
Jean Pierre Cáncar started playing for his local club, Efugel, for the Copa Perú when he was only 14.
At 17, he was accepted into Sport Boys' youth divisions. In 2006, under Roberto Mosquera, he debuted with the first team in a match against Sporting Cristal.
In 2009, he was transferred to Sporting Cristal.

</doc>
<doc id="21465094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465094" title="The Westin New York Grand Central Hotel">
The Westin New York Grand Central Hotel

The Westin New York Grand Central Hotel, previously The New York Helmsley Hotel, is a business-oriented hotel in New York City, New York. It is approximately two blocks west of the United Nations headquarters and a little more than one block east of Grand Central Terminal.
The hotel was part of The Helmsley Collection. In addition to The New York Helmsley, New York City properties in the Collection included The Helmsley Park Lane Hotel, The Helmsley Carlton House, and The Helmsley Middletowne Hotel. The Helmsley Sand Castle Hotel, a resort facility in Sarasota, Florida, was also a part of The Helmsley Collection.
History.
The hotel was founded in 1981 by Leona Helmsley, the "self-styled hotel queen".
In 2011, the estate of Leona Helmsley sold The New York Helmsley Hotel to Host Hotels & Resorts.
The hotel became a Westin on October 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21465111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465111" title="Paul Berry (footballer born 1958)">
Paul Berry (footballer born 1958)

Paul Berry, (born 8 April 1958), is a former English professional footballer who played for Oxford United and Witney United. He also had a brief spell at Norwich City before joining playing full time at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21465139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465139" title="Maximilian Godefroy">
Maximilian Godefroy

J. Maximilian M. Godefroy (1765 – "circa" 1838) was a French-American architect. Godefroy was born in France and educated as a civil engineer. During the French Revolution he fought on the Royalist side. Later, as an anti-Bonaparte activist, he was imprisoned in the fortress of Bellegarde, then released about 1805 and allowed to come to the United States, settling in Baltimore, Maryland, where he became an instructor in art and architecture at St. Mary's College, the Sulpician Seminary. By 1808, Godefroy had married Eliza Crawford Anderson, a member of one of Baltimore's prominent families.
While in Baltimore, he designed a number of important and famous structures including the St. Mary's Seminary Chapel, (part of the group of academic buildings now demolished 1970 for a park) of St. Mary's Seminary and College along St. Mary's and Orchard Streets in the Seton Hill neighborhood in the northwest city, the Battle Monument, in the old Courthouse Square of the central city (for the defenders and casualties of the British bombardment of Fort McHenry and the Battle of North Point in September 1814, at North Calvert Street, between East Lexington and Fayette Streets, and the First Independent Church of Baltimore (later known as "Unitarian and Universalist" by 1935, at North Charles and West Franklin Streets - in the Mount Vernon-Belvedere neighborhood). Other projects included the Commercial and Farmers Bank (now demolished), as well as the iron gates and monuments in the burial grounds beneath the Westminster Presbyterian Church (at North Greene and West Fayette Streets), the "sally port" (gatehouse) at Fort McHenry, as well as submitting plans for the 1815 design competition for the Washington Monument to be built in Baltimore. Godefroy became acquainted with well-known British-American architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe, (1764-1820), and married Eliza Crawford Anderson, whose father, Dr. John Crawford, was one of the founders of the College of Medicine of Maryland. However, while working with Latrobe on the "Baltimore Merchant's Exchange" (demolished to make way for the new U.S. Custom House in 1902), Godefroy and Latrobe fell out and dissolved the partnership. Latrobe was to have contributed the overall design, while Godefroy was to execute the drawings and supervise construction. Godefroy changed the plans to reflect his own ideas. After parting company, Latrobe continued to credit Godefroy with the design for the front of the Exchange, and did not compete with him for the plans to design the new First Independent Church (Unitarians). Godefroy, however, blamed Latrobe for his inability to obtain further work in Baltimore.
Godefroy left Baltimore in 1819 for England, his daughter dying of yellow fever before the ship had cleared Chesapeake Bay. He worked for a while in London, then moved on to France. Prior to his death in 1838/40?, he designed a new wing to the "Palais de Justice" and the "Préfecture", both at Laval, Mayenne, France.

</doc>
<doc id="21465155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465155" title="Vivanext">
Vivanext

Vivanext (corporately styled "vivaNext") represents the next phase of the Viva Rapid Transit System serving York Region, Ontario, Canada. The Vivanext plan includes two subway extensions, two light rail transit (LRT) lines, and a bus rapid transit (BRT) network featuring dedicated lanes (rapidways) for Viva vehicles.
According to its website, the Vivanext plan will revitalize communities, help manage employment and population growth, and improve travel times across York Region.
Rapidways.
Often referred to as a transitway or busway by other transit authorities, the term "rapidway" is used to describe the bus-only lanes being designed as part of the bus rapid transit component of the Vivanext plan.
The proposed benefit of the rapidways is that Viva vehicles will be able travel faster than before, by avoiding the congestion associated with mixed traffic.
While most Vivanext rapidways will be located in the centre median of roadways, they may also be located curbside to accommodate certain conditions. In Markham Centre, rapidways will be constructed through a pedestrian mall.
Rapidways projects funded for construction in York Region are located on Davis Drive, Highway 7 and Yonge Street.
Davis Drive rapidway.
The Davis Drive rapidway in Newmarket will extend 2.6 kilometres from Yonge Street to the Southlake Regional Health Centre.
In November 2009, pre-construction activities, such as utility relocation, planning and geotechnical investigations began for the Davis Drive rapidway. Additional pre-construction activities, such as soil testing, archaeological assessments, building demolition, and removal/relocation of light poles and signs will continue through to the end of 2010. The current project completion date is 2014.
Highway 7 rapidway.
The Highway 7 rapidway is planned to eventually extend from Highway 50 in Vaughan to Reesor Road in Markham, and will connect three major urban centres in York Region - Vaughan Metropolitan Centre in Vaughan, Richmond Hill/Langstaff Urban Growth Centre in Richmond Hill, and Markham Centre in Markham.
In December 2009, an on-site event was held near Enterprise Drive in Markham to mark the start of rapidway construction. The segment of line was completed by January 2011.
The following segment of Highway 7 rapidway, along with the new vivastations, will open on August 18, 2013:
The following segments of Highway 7 rapidway construction will commence between 2010 and 2015:
Additional segments will be constructed between 2016 and 2020:
The remaining segments, extending the Highway 7 rapidway out to York Region's east and west boundaries, will be completed past 2020 if the project receives additional funding.
Yonge Street rapidway.
The Yonge Street rapidway is central to the Vivanext plan and will extend north along Yonge Street from Richmond Hill/Langstaff Urban Growth Centre at Highway 7 to Green Lane in Newmarket.
In February 2010, a public open house was held for the first segment of the Yonge Street rapidway, which will extend from Mulock to Davis Drive in Newmarket. The projected completion date for this first segment is 2017.
The projected completion date for the second segment, which will extend from Highway 7 to Major Mackenzie in Richmond Hill is 2015, while the third segment, from Major Mackenzie to 19th Avenue will be completed in 2020. Remaining segments will be completed beyond 2015, if additional funding is granted.
Completed rapidway stations.
Warden.
Warden is a Viva station located on the Enterprise Rapidway, east of Warden Avenue, in Markham. It is served by the Viva Purple, Viva Green, and Viva Pink lines. It is the first Viva station to use Viva's new BRT stop design.
The primary destination served by this stop is Downtown Markham
The original Warden Viva stop opened on November 20, 2005, and was located on Enterprise Drive just east of Warden Avenue.
On December 14, 2009, construction began on the Enterprise Rapidway, a new bus-only road parallel to Enterprise Drive. Because bus service would move onto this road, a new Viva station was needed to replace the existing Warden Viva station. On March 6, 2011, the new Warden Viva station opened, and the original stop on Enterprise Drive was decommissioned.starting March 6 - Transit Toronto - Weblog</ref>
As the first Viva station of the new design, the Warden stop serves as a prototype for the remainder of Viva's rapidway stations. Consequently, some features have needed to be adjusted since operation began. To carry out changes while the warranty was still in effect, the Viva station was closed on August 19, 2011 for an expected period of two weeks. During the closure, service was moved over to Enterprise Drive and transit signals for the rapidway were turned off. The former Enterprise Drive Viva station temporarily resumed operation, but PRESTO users had to use the terminals at the new Rapidway Viva station to validate their fare. Work was completed ahead of schedule and the Rapidway Viva station reopened on September 1, 2011.starting August 19 - Transit Toronto - Weblog</ref>
There are several stations Completed and opened on August 19 2013 
Future Viva stations.
There are 22 stations that will be built along the Highway 7 East rapidway corridor. Warden is one of five paired stations facing each other, the others are:
The remaining Viva stations will be located separately due to space limitations.
Subway extensions.
Spadina Subway extension.
The 8.6 kilometre Spadina Subway extension will include six stations and run north from the Downsview Station in Toronto to the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre Station at Highway 7 in Vaughan.
Yonge Subway extension.
The Yonge Subway extension is planned to run 6.8 kilometres north from Finch Station in Toronto to the Richmond Hill Centre Terminal at Highway 7 and include up to six stations.

</doc>
<doc id="21465176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465176" title="Dąbrówka Mała (disambiguation)">
Dąbrówka Mała (disambiguation)

Dąbrówka Mała ("little Dąbrówka") is a district of Katowice in southern Poland.
Dąbrówka Mała may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="21465182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465182" title="Coatesville, Pennsylvania arsons">
Coatesville, Pennsylvania arsons

The Coatesville, Pennsylvania arsons refer to a spree of deliberately set fires in 2008 and 2009 in the area of Coatesville, Pennsylvania, a small Philadelphia suburb. There were 26 fires set in Coatesville in the year 2008 and, since January 1, 2009, there have been 18 reported cases of arson in the city and five more in the surrounding area. The fires have caused more than $3 million in damage, left scores of people homeless and resulted in the death of one 83-year-old woman. As of March 2009, six people have been arrested in connection with some of the fires.
Arsons.
, there were 18 fires set in Coatesville, Pennsylvania and five in nearby surrounding areas since January 1, 2009. The city originally reported 15 cases of arson in 2008, but upon further investigation due to media requests for more information, the number of reported 2008 arsons was increased to 26. Coatesville, which is less than two square miles in size, receives about one or two arsons in a normal year. The fires have caused more than $3 million in damage so far.
By February, one death had been reported as a result of the arsons. Irene Kempest, an 83-year-old widow and Nazi war camp survivor, was killed due to smoke inhalation when her Strode Avenue home in Coatesville was set ablaze on December 7, 2008 at about 12:20 a.m. Emergency responders searching the building found Kempest was unconscious upstairs and removed her from the house, but she died in an area hospital the next day. The fire was one of four set between December 6 and December 9 alone. George Donkewicz, 22, was arrested for setting the fire that killed Kempest and an additional fire from December 9. Donkewicz, who has been charged with murder and other charges, is one of three people to have been arrested so far in connection with the Coatesville arsons. (See Arrests section below.)
The largest reported fire by early 2009 occurred January 24, 2009, when nearly an entire block of row houses on Fleetwood Street in Coatesville were burned down. The four-alarm fire was the fourteenth reported Coatesville area arson reported in 2009. Authorities said it was set in the back of one of the houses during the night and quickly spread to adjacent homes, destroying 15 houses in total and causing between $1.2 million and $2 million in damages. Fourteen families, constituting 32 adults and 18 children, were displaced by the fire, which took 150 firefighters three hours to bring under control. One firefighter broke his ankle while battling the flames. Among the homes destroyed was one belonging to Robin Scott, a Coatesville city councilwoman, who escaped unharmed along with her family.
On February 8, 2009 a fire was set in a mobile home in East Fallowfield Township, which is about six miles (10 km) away from Coatesville. Authorities said the fire was deliberately set and shared "common traits" with the other Coatesville arsons. The mobile home was completely destroyed, but a married couple living there escaped unharmed.
On February 22, seven school buses were set on fire at the North Brandywine Middle School, north of Coatesville.
Arrests.
, six people have been arrested in connection with some of the arsons. Chester County District Attorney Joseph Carroll has said that arsonists arrested in connection with the Coatesville fires could face more than a life sentence, since the maximum penalty for a single arson conviction is 20 years; Carroll said, "I think life in prison is an appropriate punishment, given the extent of the property damage and terror to an entire city."
Robert B. Tribbett Jr., 25, was arrested on August 22, 2008, in connection with four fires set that month in Sadsbury Township, Pennsylvania, which is just outside of Coatesville. Tribbett, a 2002 graduate of the Coatesville Area School District, was a volunteer firefighter with the nearby Pomeroy Fire Company, and responded to some of the fires he allegedly set himself. Tribbett was unemployed at the time of his arrest, and has described himself as alcohol-dependent and learning-disabled. One of the fires allegedly set by Tribbett was the home of a 90-year-old man, who escaped uninjured. At the time of his arrest, Tribbett was on probation in Lancaster County for pleading guilty to criminal mischief in June 2006. He is currently awaiting trail on arson charges.
George Donkewicz, a 22-year-old Coatesville resident, was arrested on December 9 for setting two fires, including one that killed 83-year-old Irene Kempest on December 7. Donkewicz was arrested shortly after setting a fire on December 9 on Strode Avenue, the same street where Kempest had lived. The December 9 fire occurred at 4:19 a.m. under the back porch steps of an apartment building, but was quickly extinguished by responders before it caused any significant damage. Donkewicz was observed by police near the fire and arrested about an hour later; during police interviews, he admitted to starting both the December 7 and December 9 fires. The unemployed high school dropout also claimed to be suicidal and, according to police, said "he was hearing voices telling him to set fires and kill people." Donkewicz remains incarcerated and faces charges of criminal homicide, murder, aggravated assault, two counts each of arson and related charges, causing or risking catastrophe and criminal mischief; and four counts of recklessly endangering another person. Prosecutors said he faces pending charges in connection with "at least three other fires."
On December 15, police arrested two other suspects in connection to separate arsons. Leroy Robert McWilliams, 23, was arrested for setting a trash fire that spread to two homes on Franklin Street, which caused more than $110,000 in damage and forced the evacuation of the occupants, including a four-year-old boy. McWilliams is accused of setting five fires. In late November, McWilliams was collecting Social Security benefits, living in a tent and bathing in the Brandywine Creek, before an acquaintance agreed to rent him a room. McWilliams graduated from the Coatesville Area School District in 2002 but does not have a job.
While interviewing McWilliams on December 15, a 17-year-old male ran to Coatesville's West End Fire Company to report a garage fire on South Fifth Avenue. Hours later, the juvenile later admitted to setting the fire himself and was placed under arrest. Police and media outlets have not identified him because of his age. The teen's father said his son was "losing his way" and began running away from home frequently, but the father was unsuccessful in trying to get his son mental-health help. "He'd say, 'I know what I'm doing'". In February 2009, a Chester County judge order the juvenile to enroll at Abraxas Youth Family Services, a facility near Gettysburg, which includes a treatment center for juveniles who set fires.
On February 18, police arrested 19-year-old Roger Leon Barlow Jr. for arson and related charges for nine suspected arsons between January 2 and February 3. Barlow is also considered a suspect in the January 24 fire that destroyed 15 row houses. Barlow, who lives in Downingtown, a Pennsylvania borough not far from Coatesville, was imprisoned in lieu of $9 million bail. Officials described Barlow as a "classic pyromaniac"; authorities also told news outlets Barlow may have been "distraught" due to recent personal issues, possibly a death in the family. Barlow's family members have told media outlets he would not have started the fires unless egged on by someone else. Barlow, a student at Universal Technical Institute, an automotive school in Exton, had been enrolled for a year and a half at the Center for Arts and Technology, a technical high school outside Phoenixville, Pennsylvania.
Mark Gilliam, 20, of West Chester, Pennsylvania was arrested on February 19 on a federal charge for trying to burn down the Happy Days Family Bistro on January 25, 2009. Gilliam had previously applied to work as a firefighter for the West Bradford Fire Company, but was rejected. According to authorities, Gilliam lingered after starting the Family Bistro fire and offered to help with the clean-up. Barlow met Gilliam at the Universal Technical Institute in 2007 or 2009; Barlow first told police he and Gilliam "were responsible for numerous additional Coatesville fires", but later recanted that statement. Police found newspaper articles, firefighting equipment and incendiary materials at Gilliam's home during an investigation.
Motive.
Officials have said the fires do not appear to follow a clear pattern. Coatesville Police Chief William Matthews has said more than one person appears to be involved in the arsons, based on the large number of fires and the fact that many had occurred within minutes of one another. Some of the fires are believed to have been copycats, especially since the arsons continued after three people were arrested in December; Coatesville city manager Harry Walker said of the arsons, "The more we caught them, the more fires were set." Police have also said they believe the fires may be part of a gang initiation, but have declined to provide media outlets more information about the theory. Chester County District Attorney Joseph Carroll has suggested the arsonists may have a gripe against the local government because they are striking almost entirely within the city limits, despite the intense investigation that has continued to take place there.
Investigation and response.
A state of emergency was declared in Coatesville following the arson on January 24, 2009. The declaration gave the city powers to board up buildings, assign police officers to protect structures, provide help to affected families and remove items they deem dangerous from properties and to immediately purchase safety equipment without budgetary concerns. In addition to increasing city police patrols, a Chester County Arson Task Force consisting of local, county, state and federal law enforcement agencies was created to investigate the arsons. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives joined the investigation, and Governor Ed Rendell dispatched Frank Pawlowski, commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police, to Coatesville specifically to assist with the arson investigations. Expert profilers of serial criminals are also involved in the case.
Since most of the fires appeared to have been started using material such as trash, debris or furniture, police and city officials started ordering people to remove any such items from their porches. Officials also asked them to keep porch lights on at night or install motion detector lights on their property, and suggested residents purchase guard dogs. In late January, the city distributed 800 motion-activated lights and smoke detectors and batteries to residents. In January, a $5,000 reward was offered to anyone who provided information that would result in a conviction; the next month, the reward was increased to $20,000. A local credit union set up a $5,000 relief fund to help people displaced by the fires. On February 8, a curfew was imposed forbidding anyone younger than 18 from staying out past 8 p.m.; a previous curfew had been set for 10 p.m.
Hundreds of residents attended city hall meetings to voice their fear of the arsons and frustration with the city for their apparent lack of progress in stopping them. Coatesville residents began packing their suitcases and keeping them by their front doors so they can leave town at a moment's notice; at least one resident had her children sleep fully dressed in the same room, in case she had to gather them up in the middle of the night. One resident told the city council, "Every night, you wonder if tonight's the night your porch is going to be set on fire." Another warned of the possibility of residents seeking vigilante justice: "We all just want them caught, and I'll tell you, the men of this town feel that because the city doesn't appear to be helping, they want to take matters into their own hands. They say, 'If someone is on my front porch, God help them.'" Coatesville fire chief Kevin Johnson described the arsons as "a form of terrorism" and "The New York Times" said of Coatesville during the time: "With its desolate streets and boarded-up row houses, the city feels like a place whose will has slipped away. ... The burned-out homes look as if they were bombed. Roofs are collapsed. Piles of charred insulation are piled curbside. Clothing, toys and photographs sit soggy and strewn across the front yards."
On February 9, 2009, U.S. Senator Bob Casey visited Coatesville and spoke with local residents, victims, and law enforcement officials. Casey promised to help the citizens of Coatesville to find long term solutions to the problem and said he spoke with Attorney General Eric Holder about obtaining additional resources and Federal Emergency Management Agency funding for the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21465184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465184" title="Hakea clavata">
Hakea clavata

Hakea clavata is a Western Australian shrub. A common name for the species is Coastal Hakea, the epithet "clavata" (Latin) refers to club-shape of the leaves.
The shrubby species is spreading or sprawling in habit, up to 2.5 metres wide and 0.5 to 2.0 m in height. The flowers are white and pink, appearing between January and October on the terminals of the branches. 
It is found near Esperance, Western Australia and southeastern areas of the Southwest Botanical Province. It is endemic to the region. The species was first described in 1804 by Jacques Labillardière in Novae Hollandiae plantarum specimen. Labillardière may have made a type collection when at the Esperance region in December 1792.

</doc>
<doc id="21465185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465185" title="Driftwood Range">
Driftwood Range

The Driftwood Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located between the headwaters of Driftwood River and Nilkitkwa River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Mountains.
Mountains within the Driftwood Range include:

</doc>
<doc id="21465191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465191" title="Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law">
Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law

Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law (3rd edn Thomson, London 2005) by Roy Goode of the University of Oxford is a leading textbook on UK insolvency law. The forthcoming edition in 2010 will be taken over by Professor Robert Stevens, of University College London.
Outline of principles.
Professor Goode's suggested ten principles of corporate insolvency law are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="21465194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465194" title="Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg">
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg

Karl-Theodor Maria Nikolaus Johann Jacob Philipp Franz Joseph Sylvester Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (born on 5 December 1971) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU). In 2011 Guttenberg joined the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) as a "Distinguished Statesman". He also advises European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes on the promotion of internet freedom regarding questions of foreign affairs.
A Member of Parliament from 2002 until March 2011, Guttenberg briefly held the post of Secretary General of his party before he was appointed as Federal Minister for Economics and Technology in the first Merkel cabinet on 10 February 2009. After taking office as a cabinet minister, he quickly became one of Germany's most popular politicians.
From 28 October 2009, Guttenberg served as the Minister of Defence of Germany in the second Merkel cabinet;
the discovery and public criticism of plagiarism in his subsequently revoked doctoral thesis led to his resignation as Minister of Defence on 1 March 2011 and from the Bundestag on 3 March, when he was succeeded as Minister of Defence by Thomas de Maizière.
He is the grandson of two well-known politicians. One is Karl Theodor Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, a West German CSU politician. His grandfather and a great-great-uncle, Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, took part in the resistance to the Nazi regime; the latter was executed after the 20 July plot. Another grandfather is Jakob von und zu Eltz, a Croatian politician of the 1990s. He is married to Stephanie zu Guttenberg, an activist against child abuse and a member of the Bismarck family. Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg is a descendant of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor and Aloys II, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Education and professional background.
In 1991, after finishing high school (Gymnasium) in Rosenheim, Guttenberg joined Mountain Infantry brigade 23 (Gebirgsjäger) based in Mittenwald as a conscript. He subsequently left the army as a Reserve Sergeant.
Guttenberg studied law at the University of Bayreuth, where he passed the first legal state examination (said to be the equivalent of a master's degree) in 1999. Guttenberg chose not to pursue the second state examination (the equivalent of a bar exam), and focused on running the Munich-based "Guttenberg GmbH" holding where, along with a few employees, he managed his family’s significant assets and various participations. Due to the holding's low turnover and small number of employees, it was said that Guttenberg had exaggerated his business experience. At the time the Guttenberg GmbH had a capital stock of 1 million Euro and assets of more than a quarter of a billion Euro. These assets include a 26.5 percent share in the Rhön-Klinikum hospital chain, where Guttenberg was a member of the Supervisory board from 1996 to 2002. In 2002, that stake was sold to HypoVereinsbank in a transaction valued at 260 million Euro.
In addition, Guttenberg studied political science at the Munich School of Political Science.
During his university studies he worked as an intern at two law firms—one in Frankfurt, the other in New York. Guttenberg's claim in his CV that these internships were actually "professional experience" (German: "berufliche Stationen") was criticised by German newspapers as a CV exaggeration. Guttenberg later worked for 6 months for the daily Die Welt.
Political career.
Guttenberg is a member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU) and held different positions within the party, including that of secretary general.
Guttenberg is also a member of (selection)<br>
American Council on Germany<br>
Aspen Institute<br>
Assembly of the Western European Union (until 2005)<br>
Atlantik-Brücke<br>
European Council on Foreign Relations<br>
Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (until 2005)
In the tradition of his grandfather Karl Theodor von und zu Guttenberg, he is a strong proponent of German-American friendship and Transatlantic Cooperation.
Member of Parliament.
In 2002 Guttenberg was elected to the Bundestag as the representative of Kulmbach. He was reelected in 2005, winning 60.0% of the votes in his constituency. In 2009, he was reelected again with 68.1% of the votes in his district, obtaining the highest percentage of votes of all elected representatives in Germany for that election cycle.
From October 2005 to November 2008 Guttenberg served as chairman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group in the Bundestag’s Foreign Affairs Committee and as spokesman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group in the Bundestag’s Committee on disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control. He also chaired the CSU Foreign Policy Expert Committee and the German-British parliamentary group during that time.
Political positions.
In early 2004, Guttenberg introduced the concept of a Privileged Partnership between Turkey and the European Union as a viable alternative to Ankara’s ambitions to join the EU as a regular member into the German political discourse. Germany’s center-right CDU/CSU parties have been champions of this Privileged Partnership approach ever since. Guttenberg based his opposition to full Turkish membership in the EU on the country’s insufficient fulfillment of relevant accession criteria, for example with regard to the Cyprus dispute, as well as a potential overburdening of the EU. At the same time, he continuously stressed the necessity of maintaining good relations with Turkey and was therefore critical of a French initiative to criminalize the denial of the Armenian Genocide.<br>
Guttenberg also repeatedly warned of the looming threat posed to German and European security by Iran’s nuclear and ballistic missile programs. However, he rejected taking rash military action against Iran and instead called for an international diplomatic effort to deal with Tehran’s nuclear program.
As a Member of Parliament, he was a strong critic of the far-left party Die Linke, which he accused of links to terrorists.
Secretary General of the CSU.
In September 2008 the CSU suffered heavy losses in the Bavaria state election and lost its absolute majority in the Bavarian Landtag - for the first time in 46 years. As a result of this political defeat the CSU party leadership stepped down and Horst Seehofer, the new CSU chairman and minister-president of Bavaria, appointed Guttenberg as secretary general of the CSU in November 2008.
As secretary general Guttenberg called for tax cuts, an increase in family benefits and structural reforms within the CSU to foster more direct political participation of the party base. In addition to domestic policy he also emphasized his focus on international affairs.
Federal Minister of Economics.
After the resignation of Michael Glos on 9 February 2009 Guttenberg became Federal Minister of Economics and Technology in the First Cabinet Merkel.
Guttenberg, the youngest economics minister in German post-war era, came to office in the midst of a deep global financial crisis and recession.
Political positions.
In his inaugural speech to the German Bundestag Guttenberg emphasized his commitment to the principles of Germany’s social market economy and to free market.
In the wake of the global financial crisis, several major German banks were near failure, including Hypo Real Estate, which received a 102 billion Euro of credit and guarantees from Germany's bank rescue fund. In this case, Guttenberg opposed an overly hasty nationalization of Hypo Real Estate, which he considered only as "'ultissima ratio',a measure of the very last resort". A few months later he drafted a legislative proposal to minimize the financial risks of failing banks, which caused controversy but was later groundwork for the German bank restructuring bill.
In the case of troubled German companies asking for state aid, including automaker Opel and now-defunct mail-order service Arcandor/Quelle, Guttenberg was reluctant to commit government resources. He insisted on strict conditionality, including restructuring, and limited support to only those companies, which were otherwise competitive but were temporarily affected by the crisis.
In November 2008, Opel had appealed for governmental assistance because of severe financial problems facing its US parent General Motors (GM). In 2009, Opel employed 25,000 workers in Germany and indirectly supported 50,000 additional jobs through its supplier network.
In March 2009, Guttenberg made his first visit to the US as economics minister, focusing his trip on the future of Opel. In his talks with U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, the director of the United States National Economic Council, Lawrence Summers, and Rick Wagoner, then CEO of General Motors, Guttenberg demanded that GM provide a viable restructuring plan for Opel as a precondition for receiving financial assistance from the German state. Guttenberg and Wagoner agreed on the necessity of a private investor for Opel.<br>In a speech on the global economic crisis at the Washington-based Peterson Institute Guttenberg warned of rising protectionism.
After Guttenberg’s visit to the US, negotiations between the German government, GM, and potential Opel investors, including Fiat and Canada’s Magna International, were stalled by GM and the U.S. Treasury. In contrast to the German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, and to other German political leaders, Guttenberg preferred insolvency for Opel rather than the infusion of unconditional financial assistance from German state. Because of resulting financial risks for the German state, Guttenberg opposed the sale of Opel to Magna International, favoured by the German Chancellor Merkel, and – according to media coverage – even offered his resignation over the controversy. The Opel-Magna-deal later failed and Opel remained a subsidiary of GM, which had to reimburse financial assistance to Germany.
As economics minister Guttenberg also initiated several stimulus packages for the small firm sector.
In the summer of 2009, he surpassed Chancellor Angela Merkel as the most popular politician in Germany.
Federal Minister of Defence.
The 2009 Bundestag elections led to a change in government, as the incumbent grand coalition of CDU/CSU and SPD was replaced by a center-right coalition of CDU/CSU and FDP.
According to German press reports, Chancellor Merkel offered Guttenberg the choice between the interior and the defence ministries while negotiating the distribution of ministerial posts within the new coalition government. Guttenberg decided to opt for the defence portfolio and took the oath of office on 28 October 2009 as part of the Second Cabinet Merkel. He was the youngest-ever German defence minister in the post-war era.
Afghanistan.
The first political challenge facing defence minister Guttenberg was dealing with the Kunduz airstrike of 4 September 2009. Initially, he adopted the position of his predecessor Jung and defended the air strike as "militarily appropriate". However, in contrast to Jung, Guttenberg conceded that the strike had also caused civilian casualties. After Guttenberg had received additional information and investigative reports dating back to the tenure of his predecessor Jung, Guttenberg changed his position concerning the "Kunduz airstrike" and dismissed Bundeswehr Chief of Staff Schneiderhahn and Parliamentary State Secretary of Defence Wichert on 26 November 2009.
Jung, who in the meantime had assumed the position of labor minister in the second Merkel cabinet, took full political responsibility for the delay in sharing relevant Kunduz air strike information and resigned the following day.
At the demand of the opposition parties, the Bundestag subsequently established a special investigative committee to shed light on the defense ministry’s communications policy in connection with the Kunduz air strike.
The final report of the Bundestag’s special investigative committee cleared Guttenberg from the accusation that he had been responsible for the defence ministry’s inadequate communications policy following the Kunduz strike. The findings were supported by members from the ruling CDU/CSU-FDP coalition while the opposition parties criticized the special investigative committee’s report and later published their own account of the investigation.
Shortly after taking office, Guttenberg publicly compared the situation faced by Bundeswehr soldiers in Afghanistan to “war”.
In doing so, Guttenberg broke a major political taboo since up until then Germany’s political leadership – including the Chancellor and previous defense ministers – had only referred to the Afghanistan intervention as a “stabilization deployment”.
The new classification of the Bundeswehr’s Afghanistan deployment as “war” improved the legal status of German soldiers operating under international law.
Guttenberg also boosted Germany’s military presence in Afghanistan, through the deployment of heavy weapons and better training for the Bundeswehr soldiers stationed there.
Guttenberg further attempted to elevate public perception of Germany’s Afghan mission by personally participating - sometimes along with the Chancellor - at funeral services held for fallen Bundeswehr soldiers.
In November 2010, Guttenberg established the Combat Action Medal of the Bundeswehr, which is awarded for bravery in combat and to soldiers who were the targets of terrorist or military attacks.
At the political level, Guttenberg spoke out strongly against a precipitous military withdrawal from Afghanistan. He specifically warned against imposing fixed troop withdrawal timetables that do not take into account the security situation on the ground. Furthermore, Guttenberg also demanded a stronger involvement of key neighboring states such as Russia, India, and China in the resolution of the Afghan conflict.
In light of the traditionally challenging security situation in Afghanistan, Guttenberg called for the development of an internationally coordinated long-term security strategy – based on the use of special forces and close intelligence cooperation within the coalition – to stabilize the country even after the eventual withdrawal of all foreign troops.
During his tenure as defense minister, Guttenberg made nine visits to Afghanistan and the German soldiers deployed there. To gain a first-hand understanding of the situation on the ground and the military risks of the Bundeswehr’s mission, Guttenberg went several times to the frontlines of the Afghan conflict. He also invited journalists to accompany him on these trips in an effort to educate the wider German public about the nature of the Bundeswehr deployment in Afghanistan. In December 2010, Guttenberg traveled to Afghanistan along with his wife Stephanie to visit with the troops before the Christmas holidays. In addition, he was also accompanied by German TV moderator Johannes B. Kerner, who hosted his prime-time talk show at the Bundeswehr camp in Mazar-i-Sharif featuring the Guttenbergs and German soldiers deployed there. While other German media and the opposition parties sharply criticized Guttenberg for allowing Kerner to host his show in Afghanistan, the reaction by the German troops and the general public was predominantly positive.
Bundeswehr reform.
In early 2010, Guttenberg decided to push for fundamental Bundeswehr reforms in an effort to address the structural deficits within the German armed forces and to deal with declining defense budgets. The overall goal was to boost the Bundeswehr’s expeditionary capabilities while, at the same time, achieving cost reductions. To accomplish these reforms, Guttenberg proposed to reduce the armed forces to 165,000 active duty soldiers and to suspend the draft, resulting in the most comprehensive restructuring of the Bundeswehr since its founding in 1955. Guttenberg’s reform plans were supported by a blue-ribbon "Bundeswehr Structural Commission" that the minister created in April 2010. The proposals triggered a major debate about the country’s draft system and were met with significant political opposition, not least in Guttenberg’s own political party. In the end, Guttenberg’s view won out and on 29 October 2010, the CSU general party convention approved the minister’s motion to suspend the draft by a large majority. Several weeks later, Chancellor Merkel’s CDU held its own party convention and also voted in favor of suspending the draft.
Ghent initiative.
At a meeting of European defense ministers in Ghent in November 2010 Guttenberg called for closer military cooperation among EU member states, especially in the areas of procurement and training, to cope with rising budgetary pressures. His proposed three-step cooperation model served as the basis for the German-Swedish "pooling and sharing" initiative, which has had a lasting impact on European procurement projects.
In November 2010, a United States diplomatic cables leak revealed that American diplomats viewed Guttenberg positively, with one cable describing him as a "foreign policy expert, a transatlanticist and a close and well-known friend to the United States".
Resignation from all political offices.
In February 2011 it was discovered that Guttenberg's thesis contained texts of other authors without citation. This led to plagiarism accusations against Guttenberg, sparking public and political debates. Guttenberg denied any plagiarism, but asked the University of Bayreuth to revoke his title, admitting "severe errors in workmanship." The university revoked his title on 23 February 2011, announcing further investigations. Due to public and political pressure, Guttenberg resigned on 1 March 2011 as Minister of Defence.
Center for Strategic and International Studies.
In September 2011 Guttenberg joined the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) as a "Distinguished Statesman" and assumed the leadership of a new forum for transatlantic dialogue dedicated to strengthening the relations between the United States and Europe.
At the Halifax International Security Forum in November 2011, Guttenberg made his first public appearance since joining CSIS. During a plenary session on the economic and financial crisis he voiced pessimism about the current state of the EU, which, in his view, was characterized by a lack of creativity and understanding for the concerns of regular citizens. In particular, Guttenberg decried a severe "crisis of political leadership".
In November 2011, Guttenberg also published the book ""Vorerst gescheitert"" ("Failed for Now"). The publication is based on a series of conversations with the editor-in-chief of Die Zeit, Giovanni di Lorenzo, in which Guttenberg talks extensively for the first time about his political career, the plagiarism scandal and his resignation, as well as his plans for the future.
A few days before the book's official release, Die Zeit published exclusive excerpts. Guttenberg's criticism in the book of the direction which the CSU is headed sparked some controversy within his party.
In October 2012, after political resistance from Berlin led to the failure of the planned pan-European aerospace and defense merger of EADS and BAE, Guttenberg sharply criticized the German government's handling of this matter. In an op-ed published in the Financial Times, Guttenberg described the failed merger talks as a "missed opportunity of historic proportions" and emphasized the necessity of European cooperation as well as the industrial logic, synergies and cost savings associated with the proposed EADS-BAE link-up.
A few days later, CSU chairman Horst Seehofer also criticized the German government's handling of the merger negotiations. Shortly afterward, speaking on the margins of a CSU party convention in Munich, Seehofer declared that he would try to bring Guttenberg back into German politics after the 2013 election cycle and said that Guttenberg should play a "significant" role.
In early April 2013, Guttenberg published an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal analysing Germany's role in the conflict over the Iranian nuclear program. In particular, he urged the German government to "start thinking about how to support Israel in the wake of potential air strikes on Iran". Specifically, Guttenberg called on Berlin to provide civil and military support to help Israel defend against potential counterattacks, to push for an immediate cease-fire, and to maintain "a tough international sanctions regime against Tehran".
Advisor to European Commission.
On 12 December 2011, zu Guttenberg was asked by European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes to promote internet freedom globally as part of the European Union's new "No Disconnect Strategy".
No Disconnect Strategy.
The European Commission’s "No Disconnect Strategy" (NDS) was launched in December 2011 under the auspices of Neelie Kroes, European Commission Vice-President in charge of Digital Agenda issues, and Catherine Ashton, the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
The goal of the NDS is to uphold "the right to communicate freely" as "one of the most basic [...] human rights". The NDS provides support to internet users, bloggers and cyber-activists living under authoritarian regimes and is a direct response to the Arab Spring, when governments tried to restrict Internet and social media communications to crack down on protesters. In order to fight arbitrary censorship and to protect against illegitimate surveillance the NDS sets four main goals:
Within the EU, the NDS is also tasked with coordinating all related internet freedom initiatives carried out by individual member states.
As part of the initiative Guttenberg is responsible for international cooperation.
NSA scandal.
Following revelations that the NSA tapped German chancellor Merkel’s cell phone for more than a decade, Guttenberg sharply criticized the spying on close allies by US intelligence in an article published via Project Syndicate on 28 October 2013. According to Guttenberg, American spying in and of itself was not the problem, but rather the extent of the US intelligence collection efforts, which had caused a "crisis of mutual distrust" and severe damage to Washington's relations with its European allies.
In an interview on CNN’s Fareed Zakaria GPS, Guttenberg described how European leaders "don’t only lose faith in a partner, but also lost face". He explained his comment in regards to chancellor Merkel, who had initially defended the US government after the first NSA leaks during the summer, only to find out later on that she had been tapped herself. On 4 November 2013, Guttenberg had a private, closed-door meeting with Merkel in Berlin, which German media connected to the NSA scandal.
In an op-ed for the Financial Times analyzing the implications of the NSA scandal for transatlantic relations published on 7 November 2013, Guttenberg defined a "shift from government to "Googlement" – fuelled by the unprecedented ability of companies to gather, store, and evaluate vast amount of personal data" - challenging political structures.
Business activities.
In mid-January 2014 Guttenberg spoke at a business conference in Aargau, Switzerland. In an interview with the Aargauer Zeitung Guttenberg reported that he had launched business activities in the United States
to advise companies on future-oriented developments and invest in related technology startups.
At the end of January 2014, speaking at a conference on cybersecurity in Munich, hosted by the Federation of German Industries (BDI) and the Bavarian industry association (vbw), Guttenberg announced that he had formed a company in New York. In spring 2014 media revealed its name as "Spitzberg Partners LLC".
Family.
Guttenberg is a member of the House of Guttenberg, first documented in 1158, and conferred the rank of baron by the Holy Roman Emperor in 1700. Since the adoption of Germany's 1919 Weimar Constitution, which abolished the nobility's privileges, "noble titles form part of the name only". By courtesy and tradition, Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg is addressed as a baron socially in his hometown of Guttenberg, Bavaria, and occasionally is referred to as such by German and international media.
His grandfather, Karl Theodor Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (1921–1972), was a CSU politician and hard-line conservative during the Cold War, noted for his opposition to the Ostpolitik. During the Second World War he narrowly escaped execution after refusing to kill Jews, stating that he would rather shoot SS members. Several other members of Guttenberg’s family also offered resistance to the Nazi regime, among them his great-grandfather Georg Enoch Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, and Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, a great-great-uncle of Guttenberg. Karl Ludwig was a Catholic monarchist, who prior to the Second World War published the "Weiße Blätter" (White Papers), an important publication of the conservative opposition to the Nazi regime. He belonged to the circle of anti-Hitler conspirators around Hans von Dohnányi, Justus Delbrück, and Hans Oster. After the failure of the 20 July plot he was arrested and later executed. His grandmother, Rosa Sophie Prinzessin von Arenberg (1922-2012), was a member of the House of Arenberg.
Guttenberg's father is Enoch zu Guttenberg, a conductor, who has been decorated with the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Officer's Cross) as well as the Bavarian Order of Merit. He has received many awards for his contributions to classical music, including the German Cultural Award and the Echo Klassik award.<br>
Previously, Enoch zu Guttenberg also owned the winery estate Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl.
Guttenberg's mother, Christiane zu Eltz is a member of the Eltz family, which has strong ties with Croatia. She is the daughter of Ludwine, Countess Pejacsevich de Verocze. Her father was Jakob von und zu Eltz, a former President of the Association of Winemakers in Rheingau who became active in Croatian politics after Croatian independence. She divorced Enoch zu Guttenberg in 1977, and Karl-Theodor grew up with his father. His mother married secondly Adolf Richard Barthold von Ribbentrop, owner of an Eltville art gallery and son of Joachim von Ribbentrop, in 1985, and has two children from her second marriage. Guttenberg has a younger brother, Philipp Franz zu Guttenberg (born 1973), who married a daughter of Godfrey James Macdonald, the 8th Baron Macdonald.
In February 2000, Guttenberg married Stephanie Gräfin von Bismarck-Schönhausen (born 1976), a great-great-granddaughter of the first Chancellor of Germany Otto von Bismarck. They have two daughters. Guttenberg is Catholic, while his wife is Protestant (Lutheran).
Personal life.
Guttenberg was born in Munich. He lived at his family castle in Guttenberg, Bavaria (district of Kulmbach), a village whose history is closely associated with the House of Guttenberg, and in a mansion in a refined part of Berlin, Berlin-Westend. The castle has been in the possession of the Guttenberg family since 1482. 
In July 2011 it was reported in the German media that Guttenberg would temporarily relocate to the United States. His wife confirmed these plans in an interview several weeks later but emphasized that the family had every intention of returning to Germany. In September 2011 it became known that Guttenberg had bought a house for his family in Greenwich (Connecticut), close to New York City.
Awards.
Guttenberg was awarded the "Politikaward" in 2009, which is a German "Politician of the Year" award. It was awarded by "politik & kommunikation", a German periodical for political communications.
In 2010, the German news magazine "Focus" named him "Man of the Year". 
In 2011, the Carneval Association of Aachen awarded him the "Order Against Dead Seriousness" ("Orden wider den tierischen Ernst"), although he did not attend the ceremony in person, sending instead his younger brother.

</doc>
<doc id="21465208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465208" title="Belleville Mennonite School">
Belleville Mennonite School

Belleville Mennonite School is located in Belleville, Pennsylvania, USA. It is situated between Stone Mountain and Jack's Mountain. The valley they form is known as Big Valley. Belleville Mennonite is a member of the Mennonite Schools Council and the Association of Christian Schools International.
This private, Christian school is currently run by superintendent Starla Fogleman and Principal Glenna Young. The school educates around 200 students with 20 faculty members.
Belleville Mennonite School underwent a massive rebranding beginning in the 2012-2013 school year. First, the school introduced a new mascot, they became known as the "Belleville Thunder". Later, they began significant changes in their public image by introducing a new website and logo. "The new logo features an infinity symbol and Christian cross encompassed in a ring and outer circle." 
History.
The school was founded in 1945 by assimilated Mennonites in order to establish control over the education of their children at a time of school reorganisation. At first, it was considered to be a complete Mennonite school, based on the community's religion. Since its inception, it remains the smallest and low budget (based on financial woes) private school in Mifflin County in Pennsylvania, which trails Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish School by a landslide.
Academic standards.
The 2007 PSSA test score results showed that BMS students performed above the national average. Since the class of 2003, approximately 70% of Belleville Mennonite graduates have pursued higher education. 

</doc>
<doc id="21465248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465248" title="Depot, Poland">
Depot, Poland

Depot is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zbąszynek, east of Świebodzin, north-east of Zielona Góra, and south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21465265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465265" title="Lactarius pallidus">
Lactarius pallidus

Lactarius pallidus (also known as the pale milkcap) is an edible mushroom of the genus "Lactarius". It is pale in colour, and found on the floor in beech or birch woodland. Its smooth cap features a particularly thick layer of flesh, and often has an incurved margin. Though generally considered edible, it is not recommended to be eaten raw. It is common in Europe, and less common in North America and Australasia.
Taxonomy.
"L. pallidus" was classified as a member of "Lactarius" by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries. It was first described by Christian Hendrik Persoon, who named it "Agaricus pallidus" in his 1797 book "Tentamen dispositionis methodicae Fungorum". It is known in English by its common name, the pale milkcap.
Description.
"L. pallidus" has a cap of across. In shape, it is initially a flattened convex, developing a funnel-shaped depression with age. It is pale buff in colour, sometimes dull but often with rosy tint. It can also be a pale brown or pale flesh colour. The cap is smooth, firm and sticky, and has a thick layer of white to buff flesh. The margin is incurved on younger specimens. The pale colour, incurved margin and smooth cap are its most distinguishing features. The stem is long, by thick. In shape, the stem is cylindrical or slightly narrowed at the base, and is concolorous with the cap or whitish. The moderately decurrent, crowded gills are a pale rosy buff to yellowish buff, and leak white milk. The spores are elliptic, with ridges of varying thickness running across them, forming few cross-connections. They typically measure 8 to 10 by 6 to 7 micrometres. The spores leave a spore print that is pale ochre with a slight salmon tinge.
"L. pallidus" is similar in appearance to "L. affinis", but is differentiated by the fact that the former lacks the peppery taste of the latter.
Edibility.
Though generally considered edible, especially after cooking, "L. pallidus" has been described by some mycologists as inedible. The milk has a mild to moderately hot taste.
Distribution and habitat.
"Lactarius pallidus" is typically found growing mycorrhizally under beech, but can also be found under birch. It is typically half-buried among leaf litter. It can sometimes be found in large groups, and occurs throughout summer and autumn. It can be found commonly in Europe but is much rarer in North America. It can also be found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21465266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465266" title="Eisenbahnkaserne">
Eisenbahnkaserne

The Eisenbahnkaserne (literally Railroad "kaserne") was a military facility in Munich existing from 1890 to 1976. The ""Kasernement des Eisenbahnbataillons"" ("Kasernement" of the Railroad Battalion) was built in 1888 and 1889. It was located in the west of today's Olympiapark near "Dachauer Straße", where the Munich "Bundeswehr" Administration Center is currently located.
History.
The facility was originally and mainly used by the Railroad Battalion of the Bavarian army (it belonged to the I Royal Bavarian Corps), which was transferred from Ingolstadt to Munich in 1890. After World War II the barracks were used by the "Bundeswehr".
At the beginning of the 1970s a part of the area was sold for the construction of the Olympiapark. Another part was torn down for the construction of the "Rechenzentrum der Bundeswehr", (the "Bundeswehr" Computer Center), a canteen, and the administration office building of the "Wehrbereichsverwaltung" VI ("Military District Administration VI"), currently the Munich branch of the "Wehrbereichsverwaltung" South, Stuttgart. In the middle of the 1970s the southern part of the area was sold for the construction of residential buildings, and the former "Wehrbereichskommando" VI ("Military District Command VI") moved from the "Eisenbahnkaserne" to the "Waldmann-Kaserne".
A war memorial near "Dachauer Straße" remembers the former Bavarian railroad troops of World War I. It was originally constructed by Karl Badberger in 1922, and was destroyed in 1945 during World War II. It was rebuilt in 1965.
The still existing historical buildings in the North of the "Hedwig-Dransfeld-Allee" are some of the few remained military structures in Munich from theu 19th century. The main building has been rented by the Munich "Studentenwerk" since 2003 and was converted into a student housing building by the architect Christoph Maas, who had to meet the official historic preservation requirements. Maas was awarded the "Honour award of exemplary redevelopment" by the city of Munich in 2005.
Current users of the area have been, amongst others, the Munich branch of the Military District Administration South, the "Bundeswehr" Medical Office (since 2002), the "Truppendienstgericht Süd" (Military Court South), the "Kreiswehrersatzamt" Munich (District Recruiting Office Munich), the "Bundeswehr" Service Center Munich, a shop of the clothing company "LH Bundeswehr Bekleidungsgesellschaft" and the Bavarian association of the "Technisches Hilfswerk".

</doc>
<doc id="21465268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465268" title="McCrory Stores Corporation">
McCrory Stores Corporation

McCrory Stores Corporation was a five and dime which became insolvent during the Great Depression, 
filing for bankruptcy in 1933. The chain store competed successfully with the F. W. Woolworth Company and S. H. Kress during the 1920s. McCrory Stores Corporation was incorporated in 1915
as a successor to the J.G. McCrory Company. Its primary offices were at 1107 Broadway (Manhattan).
Expansion, then failure.
One of the firm's policies was to acquire locations whenever property could be found at a reasonable purchase price. In November 1925 approximately 2/3
of its stores were leased, with the remainder owned by a subsidiary, the McCrory Realty Corporation. The retailer's gross sales approached $30,000,000 by the mid-1920s, when it operated 187 stores.
With 244 retail units in its chain, the company admitted bankruptcy in January 1933. Aside from New York City, McCrory's maintained stores in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Washington, D.C., and other eastern United States and southern United States cities. The Irving Trust Company of Newark, New Jersey was named an ancillary receiver (legal) for McCrory's on January 16, 1933.
J.G. McCrory went on to found McCrory Stores.

</doc>
<doc id="21465294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465294" title="Simpson Peak">
Simpson Peak

Simpson Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21465336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465336" title="Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited">
Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited

Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Overwiew.
As of November 2011, the bank was a fast-growing, medium-sized, banking institution, providing commercial banking services to individuals, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and large corporations. According to the bank's annual financial statement for December 2012, the total asset valuation was in excess of US$252 million (UGX:628.5 billion), representing approximately 4% of banking assets in Uganda at that time. At that time, shareholders' equity was valued at about US$22 million (UGX:54.63 billion).
History.
The history of Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited dates back to 1945, when it was operating as the Diamond Jubilee Investment Trust, with its head office in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and branches in Mombasa, Kenya and Kampala, Uganda. Branches were later opened at Nairobi and Kisumu in Kenya. The company was initially established as a community-based finance house, dedicated towards the extension of credit to the East African Ismaili Community; and the mobilization of their savings. In 1965, "Diamond Jubilee Investment Trust" was decentralized, and split into three entities, one each in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
In 1968, the rapid economic development of post-independence Uganda saw the founding of Diamond Trust Properties Uganda Limited (DTPU). In 1972 Diamond Trust (Uganda) Limited (DTU) commenced operations as a non-bank financial institution. Between 1972 and the early 1990s, DTU was largely moribund due to the prevalent political instability.
In 1995 the institution was recapitalized with the participation of the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED) and Diamond Trust Bank (Kenya) Limited (DTBK). In 1997, the bank became a full-service commercial bank and was renamed Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited (DTBU).
Diamond Trust Bank Group.
DTBU is a member of the Diamond Trust Bank Group, a large financial services provider in East Africa, with operations in Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania, and Uganda. Members of this group include:
Ownership.
Diamond Trust Bank (Kenya) Limited owns 51% shares in Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited. The remaining 49% is owned by the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED).
Governance.
Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited is governed by a seven-person Board of Directors. Abdul Samji, one of the non-Executive Directors is the Chairman of the Board. Varghese Thambi, one of the Executive Directors is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. He is assisted by nine other managers in supervising the bank's daily activities.
Branch Network.
, Diamond Trust Bank (Uganda) Limited has a network of branches in the Central, Eastern, Northern and Western regions of Uganda. The current branch network includes the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="21465348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465348" title="Lawyer joke">
Lawyer joke

Lawyer jokes, which predate Shakespeare's era, are commonly told by those outside the profession as an expression of contempt, scorn and derision. They serve as a form of social commentary or satire reflecting the cultural perception of lawyers.
History.
In the 1700s, when jurors were not allowed to eat or drink until they reached a verdict, Alexander Pope penned the satirical verse:
In 1728, John Gay penned a charming verse as part of The Beggar's Opera:
At the end of the 1800s, Ambrose Bierce satirically defined "litigation" as "a machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage".
The line "Doesn't it strike the company as a little unusual that a lawyer should have his hands in his own pockets?" is cited by Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) but likely originated earlier.
Recurring themes.
In the modern era, many complaints about lawyers fall into five general categories:
A recurring theme, historically and today, is that of exorbitant legal fees consuming the entire value of property at stake in an estate or a dispute.
The tale of the freshly-acquitted horse thief pleading that the judge issue an arrest warrant for "that dirty lawyer of mine" because "Your honour, you see, I didn't have the money to pay his fee, so he went and took the horse I stole" is merely modernised to "he went and took the car I stole" with little or nothing else changed.
While recounting of an ethnic joke risks the label of racism, lawyers are perceived as a highly privileged class, seemingly accountable only to other lawyers; the Bar Association, the judges, even many of the politicians and legislators are their fellow lawyers who inevitably give them free rein. Furthermore, one does not choose their own ethnicity but may choose whether to pursue a career in law.
Lawyer jokes, of jokes about all professions, are often the most blunt and to the point:
or:
Much like the foul-mouthed parrot or the dumb blonde, the heartless, cynical attorney is a stock character in many joke collections.
Oft retold is the anecdote where a wealthy lawyer, solicited for a charitable donation, replies "Did you realise my mother is dying of a long illness and has medical bills several times her income? Did you know my brother, a disabled veteran, is blind and in a wheelchair? Do you understand my sister is widowed and penniless with three dependent children? Well, since I don't give any money to them, why should I give any to you?"
Similarly,
Other anecdotes are based on logical fallacy, such as a lawyer defending a client on trial for killing his parents: "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I appeal to your basic decency to take mercy on this poor, defenceless orphan!"
Occasionally, lawyers themselves use self-deprecating humour about lawyers or the legal profession in an attempt to add levity to otherwise bland topics. Lawyers giving a talk, especially to the profession, often employ jokes as icebreakers.

</doc>
<doc id="21465367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465367" title="Histria Perla">
Histria Perla

History.
"Histria Perla" was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2005 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products. 
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni. "Histria Perla" was the 500th ship to receive Emergency Response Service (ERS) classification from the Hamburg based German company Germanischer Lloyd in 2006.
Technical description.
"Histria Perla" is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each.<ref name="New Ships - M/V"/> The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.<ref name="New Ships - M/V"/>
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people.<ref name="New Ships - M/V"/> The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.<ref name="New Ships - M/V"/>

</doc>
<doc id="21465370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465370" title="Matthias Henn">
Matthias Henn

Matthias Henn (born 28 April 1985 in Birkenfeld, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Eintracht Braunschweig. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga so far, one with Braunschweig and two with 1. FC Kaiserslautern.

</doc>
<doc id="21465379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465379" title="Jorge Arango">
Jorge Arango

Jorge Arango (29 November 1917 – 21 October 2007) was a Colombian-born US architect.
Arango was born in Bogotá, Colombia, and educated in Chile, Colombia and at Harvard. Arango was invited to come to America by the Museum of Modern Art in New York, and the U.S. State Department.
He was co-founder of the Arango design store in the Dadeland Mall in South Miami in 1959 with his then wife, Judith. The store, which still exists, was an early beacon of good design, a pre-Luminaire. At Arango, designers could equip the 1960s Bauhaus-inspired homes in Coconut Grove with iitala glassware and Alvar Aalto chairs. 
An advocate of a minimalist architecture and maximum human value in design, Arango was a designer, educator, and writer. He taught architecture at the University of California Berkeley in the 1950s, For years he wrote passionate columns against developments in Miami like Bayside, and condo towers that blocked the streets off from the water 3. He designed several modest-size homes in Miami that displayed his design credo: an open flow of rooms, natural breezes, large windows, no baseboards, small tiles in the bathroom, large tiles in the rest of the home.
He was a professor of Architecture at the District University of Bogotá, a columnist for the Miami Herald, and a correspondent for magazines like Metropolitan Home and Elle Décor. Over the years he wrote many books including "The Urbanization of the Earth" (1970), "Villa Sofia" (2003), and "Ecophilia: The Future Is Waiting" (2000).
Arango died at home in Miami in hospice care. He was survived by his third wife, Penelope, two sons and two daughters, and the design store.

</doc>
<doc id="21465380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465380" title="Terana caerulea">
Terana caerulea

Terana caerulea (or Terana coerulea), commonly known as the cobalt crust fungus or velvet blue spread, is a saprobic crust fungus in the family Phanerochaetaceae. Usually found in warm, damp hardwood forests on the undersides of fallen logs and branches of deciduous trees, this unique fungus has been described as "blue velvet on a stick". This species was chosen as fungus of the year for 2009 by the German Mycological Society.
Description.
"T. caerulana" is resupinate, meaning the fruiting body lies on the surface of the substrate, with the hymenium exposed to the outside. The fruiting body is 2–6 mm thick. It is dark blue with a paler margin, with a velvety or waxy texture when moist, but crusty and brittle when dry. The fruiting body is firmly attached to its growing surface except at the edges. In nature, the fungus surface is typically found pointing downward, which helps facilitate spore dispersal. It usually grows on dead deciduous wood, often ash and hazel. The spore print is white. Spores are ellipsoidal, smooth, thin-walled, hyaline or pale blue, with dimensions of 7–12 × 4–7 µm. The 4-spored basidia are club-shaped, hyaline or blue, with dimensions of 40–60 × 5–7 µm.
Distribution.
The cobalt crust has a worldwide distribution in warmer climates, and has been reported from Asia, Africa, New Zealand, North America, the Canary Islands, Europe, Taiwan, Thailand, and Turkey.
Chemistry.
The blue pigment of this fungus was shown to be a mixture of polymers structurally related to thelephoric acid.
When activated by external treatments such as high temperature (), exposure to vapors of toxic solvents, or contact with a water-toluene mixture, "T. caerulea" produces an antibiotic named cortalcerone (2-hydroxy-6H-3-pyrone-2-carboxaldehyde hydrate), that inhibits the growth of "Streptococcus pyogenes". The metabolic biosynthesis of this compound starting from the initial precursor glucose has also been studied.
Compounds with so-called "benzobisbenzofuranoid" skeletons have been isolated and identified from "T. caerulea", namely, corticins A, B, and C.
Naming.
This species, which for a member of the corticioid fungi is relatively easy to identify, was first described in 1779 by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, who is best known for proposing an early theory of evolution. Lamarck used the name "Byssus caerulea", and various other designations were subsequently employed, until in 1828 Fries classified it as "Thelephora violascens" variety "coerulea". According to rule 13.1.d. of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature, valid publication of fungal names is treated as beginning with Fries's publication of "Systema Mycologicum" in 1821 and following years. This means that the correct species name is "coerulea", not "caerulea". Both names are found frequently in the literature. Strangely enough, Lamarck's name "Byssus" has now come to be applied to a plant genus - a fundamentally different organism. 
In 1763 Michel Adanson had devised the genus name "Terana" for similar crust fungi and in 1891 Otto Kuntze included "coerulea" in that genus to create the modern name. Apart from this, the genus "Pulcherricium" was proposed by Parmasto in 1968 for this one species and the name "Pulcherricium caerulea/coerulea" is sometimes seen, but the designation "Terana" is better established.

</doc>
<doc id="21465385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465385" title="Regional school unit (Maine)">
Regional school unit (Maine)

A regional school unit is a type of school district in Maine.
They were created starting in 2008 pursuant to a change in Maine Law that attempted to save on administrative costs by consolidating Maine's many school districts into larger districts. This change was championed by Governor John Baldacci.
Despite a deadline of January 30, 2009, many voters rejected their local school consolidation plans, citing issues such as loss of local control and higher costs due to bringing lower-paid teachers up to parity. For example, Brewer faced an annual loss of $244,000 in state subsidies for rejecting the consolidation plan, but potentially a loss of $2.74 million in increased salaries over the first 3 years if it had been approved.
As of November 20, 2009, 74 RSUs had been formed.

</doc>
<doc id="21465416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465416" title="List of NFL teams with fewest points scored">
List of NFL teams with fewest points scored


</doc>
<doc id="21465419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465419" title="Nur zu Besuch">
Nur zu Besuch

"Nur zu Besuch" ("Just visiting") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the fourth single and the eleventh track from the album "Auswärtsspiel".
It is a tribute to someone who has recently died. The narrator, being at the grave at the time, expresses the sadness over it, love for the deceased and knows that in time it will go by and "the sun will shine again". The song is dedicated to Campino's mother Jennie.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Olaf Heine.
In the video, Campino is sadly walking through a ghost town, till he meets another, smiling self, who slaps him to make him understand, that life isn't over, so people reappear on the streets and Campino seems to lighten up.

</doc>
<doc id="21465420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465420" title="Primary schools in Three Rivers">
Primary schools in Three Rivers

This page provides brief details of primary schools in the borough of Three Rivers in Hertfordshire, England, United Kingdom.
All the state-funded primary schools in Three Rivers are co-educational.
There are four Roman Catholic schools and five Church of England schools in the area, all of which are voluntary aided schools except for Sarratt Church of England School, which is voluntary controlled.
The remaining schools are all non-faith community schools.
The Local Education Authority is Hertfordshire County Council.
There are still some linked pairs of infant schools and junior schools, with the infant school covering Reception and Key Stage 1 (Years 1 and 2) and the junior school covering Key Stage 2 (Years 3 to 6).
However most have been amalgamated in a single Junior Mixed Infant (JMI) school or (equivalently) primary school.
West: Rickmansworth, Chorleywood and environs.
Rickmansworth Charity School was established in 1711.
The charity grew with a number of bequests, and the school was rebuilt on a new site in 1814.
In 1836 the Rickmansworth Poor House on the High Street (adjacent to the current Baptist church) closed, and the site was taken over by the school, now operating as a national school.
The school was extended in 1851, and closed in 1936.
Mill End National School was established in 1862, initially for girls and infants but soon also taking boys.
In 1874 the school moved to new buildings, and in 1936 became a county-funded JMI school, now known as St Peter's CofE VA Primary School.
West Hyde National School was established in 1862, enlarged in 1874 and 1901, and replaced by a county school across the road in 1914.
Chorleywood National School (now Christ Church Church of England School) was established in 1853, 8 years after Chorleywood became a separate parish.
It was joined in 1911 by Stag Lane Primary School, which was rebuilt in the 1960s as Chorleywood Primary School.
Central: Croxley Green.
The original village school in Yorke Road was established in 1875.
After the building was partially destroyed by fire, Harvey Road School was hastily built to accommodate some of the students.
The village school was finally replaced by Yorke Meade School.
Malvern Way School is linked with Little Green.
North-east: Abbots Langley and Garston.
This area now comprises the northern suburbs of Watford.
Abbots Langley Primary School was founded as a national school, first for boys, with departments for girls and infants built in the 1840s.
In 1853 the boys' school was rebuilt on land left by local landowner Francis Combe, a benefactor of several schools in the area.
The boys and girls schools were amalgamated in 1923, and the schools and lands sold to Hertfordshire County Council in 1949.
The school was rebuilt on the girls' site in 1958; the boys' site is now occupied by the public library.
St Paul's C of E Primary School also started as a national school, set up by William Jones Loyd of Langleybury.
The original school house still stands across the A41 road from the church, and is Grade II listed.
The school was moved to the present site in 1967 following the widening of the A41 in the previous year.
Tanners Wood JMI School was opened in 1989 as a relaunch of Hillside JMI School, which was formed in 1982 from the merger or Hillside Junior School and Hazelwood Infants School on the site of the former junior school.
The former Hazelwood site is now occupied by Breakspeare School.
South-east: Northwood, South Oxhey and Carpenders Park.
This area lies between Watford and the northern edge of Greater London.
Eastbury Farm Junior Mixed Infant and Nursery School was judged outstanding in all areas by Ofsted in 2007, a result achieved by only 1% of primary schools in England.
Eastbury Farm's Key Stage 2 pupils achieve significantly higher grades in English, Mathematics and Science than the national average.
Greenfields Primary School was the first of a new generation of school buildings in Hertfordshire, and is Grade II listed.
See also.
The secondary schools in Three Rivers:
The special school in Three Rivers:

</doc>
<doc id="21465430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465430" title="Klappan Range">
Klappan Range

The Klappan Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located between Klappan River and Iskut River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Mountains.
Mountains within the Klappan Range include:

</doc>
<doc id="21465434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465434" title="Roy Hawksley">
Roy Hawksley

Roy Hawksley (birth registered January→March ) birth registered in Wakefield district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, Doncaster, and Halifax, as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""Outlines - Roy Hawksley - Signed last season, Roy is a promising young hooker who should eventually fare extremely well in the game. Indeed his present skills may well be judged by his past records. For our own Trinity juniors he did grand work before joining the senior club, whilst he had previously been a member of the highly successful Snapethorpe School side which carried all before it a few years ago in heading the Wakefield Schools’ League and winning the Yorkshire Cup. Whilst at school he also had the honour of playing for the Wakefield City team and for Yorkshire County, always as hooker. Whilst his scrum play is outstanding he is also quite active in the open. At the age of 19 he still has time to develop physically and should have a most satisfying career. Height, 5 ft. 9in., weight, 13 stones."" 

</doc>
<doc id="21465440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465440" title="Manaus Aerotáxi">
Manaus Aerotáxi

Manaus Aerotáxi is a passenger airline in Brazil; it operates air taxi services across jungle cities and South America. Its main office is located at Eduardo Gomes International Airport in Manaus.
Manaus Aerotáxi is a sister company of MAP Linhas Aéreas. 
Accidents and incidents.
On February 7, 2009 an Embraer Bandeirante air taxi chartered by Manaus Aerotáxi crashed. Of the 28 occupants 24 died.

</doc>
<doc id="21465495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465495" title="Bob Millman">
Bob Millman

Robert Dent Millman (May 17, 1903 – March 19, 1963) was a professional football player from Cumberland, Maryland. Millman attended Lafayette College and made his debut in the National Football League in 1925 with the Pottsville Maroons and played with the team for three seasons. During his rookie year, Millman helped the Maroons win the NFL championship before a disputed rules violation stripped the title from the team.

</doc>
<doc id="21465541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465541" title="Bard College Berlin">
Bard College Berlin

Bard College Berlin (formerly known as ECLA or European College of Liberal Arts) is a private, non-profit institution of higher education in Berlin, Germany. It was founded as a non-profit association in 1999. The college is, according to Martha Nussbaum, one of the educational institutions in Europe that makes the liberal arts idea into reality. Students and faculty come from all over the world and the language of instruction is English.
History.
Bard College Berlin was founded as ECLA (a non-profit association) in 1999 under the leadership of Stephan Gutzeit. The founding dean was Erika Anita Kiss. The first programme to be introduced was the six-week International Summer University. Later two one-year programmes were developed and still continue to be offered: the Academy Year and the Project Year. A four-year Bachelor of Arts programme in Humanities, the Arts, and Social Thought was launched in October 2009. In November 2011, ECLA merged with Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York, USA, and subsequently became Bard College Berlin, A Liberal Arts University. In August 2012, Thomas Rommel joined the college as Rector and Provost. A four-year BA programme in Economics, Politics, and Social Thought will be introduced in 2014.
Academics.
Academic programmes.
At Bard College Berlin students may enroll in a BA degree, or in a one-semester or one-year program suitable to their profile, background, and individual aims of study. The college supports internship opportunities and practical training, and has many established connections with the intellectual and cultural life of Berlin. The academic programs currently offered are Bachelor of Arts in Humanities, the Arts, and Social Thought; Academy Year; Project Year; Bard in Berlin; and Begin in Berlin; and beginning with fall 2014, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Politics, and Social Thought. 
Bard College Berlin provides an immersion in intellectual history from ancient Greece to the present day, with rigorous concentration on philosophy, economics, politics, literature, art history, film, and theater and studio arts. The total number of ECTS credits earned is 240. Study of German and other languages is offered and encouraged.
Faculty.
Bard College Berlin brings together scholars and teachers from a variety of disciplines and backgrounds. Their main areas of expertise include philosophy, literature, political theory, art history, film theory, human rights, history, and rhetoric.
Guest teachers and visiting academics.
In addition to faculty members and postdoctoral fellows, Bard College Berlin students are taught by a series of guest teachers, who deliver lectures and participate in seminars throughout the academic year.
Past guest teachers include Frank Fehrenbach (Harvard), Horst Bredekamp (Humboldt), Terrell Carver (Bristol), Lynn Catterson (Columbia), David Colander (Middlebury), Lorraine Daston (Max Planck Institute, Berlin), Hans Fink (Århus), Rivka Galchen (author of "Atmospheric Disturbances"), Edith Hall, Stephen Halliwell (St Andrews), Stephen Houlgate (Warwick), Ira Katznelson (Columbia), Sabina Lovibond (Oxford), Stephen Maurer (Swarthmore), Heinrich Meier (Munich), Glenn Most (Chicago), Stephen Mulhall (Oxford), Stephanie Nelson (Boston), Susan Neiman (Einstein Forum, Berlin), Anthony Price (Birkbeck), Christof Rapp (Humboldt), Martin Ruehl (Cambridge), Roger Scruton (Oxford and Washington), Theodore Ziolkowski (Professor Emeritus, Princeton University) and many others.
Accreditation.
Bard College Berlin, A Liberal Arts University is officially recognised as a private university by the Berlin Senate Department for Education, Youth and Science (Senatsverwaltung für Bildung, Jugend und Wissenschaft). Programme accreditation for the BA programme in Humanities, the Arts and Social Thought was successfully granted by accreditation agency ACQUIN in Fall 2013. 
Campus.
Bard College Berlin is a residential college. The campus is located in the northern part of Berlin, in the residential area called Pankow-Niederschönhausen. Most buildings were designed in 1966 by Eckart Schmidt and built starting 1972, and formerly belonged to the embassies of several countries in GDR, among others Egypt, Cuba and Nigeria.
See also.
Munich School of Philosophy

</doc>
<doc id="21465561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465561" title="My Sons">
My Sons

__NOTOC__
Synopsis.
The children of old-fashioned patriarch of a family in Iwate Province gather to observe the first anniversary of their mother's death. Tetsuya, working as a bartender in Tokyo, quarrels with his father over the way he is leading his life. Eventually Tetsuya changes his ways and gains the approval of his father.
Reception.
Awards and nominations.
15th Japan Academy Prize 
16th Hochi Film Award 

</doc>
<doc id="21465581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465581" title="Clube Atlético Ubirajá">
Clube Atlético Ubirajá

Clube Atlético Ubirajá more known as Bira is a Brazilian basketball club locate in Lajeado, in the Rio Grande do Sul State and competes in NBB.
Titles.
Rio Grande do Sul State Basketball Championship
Brazilian Cup - South

</doc>
<doc id="21465583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465583" title="Yélékébougou">
Yélékébougou

Yélékébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 288 square kilometers and includes 16 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 7,257. The village of Yélékébougou is 30 km north of the town of Kati, the "chef-lieu" of the cercle.

</doc>
<doc id="21465594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465594" title="Sangarébougou">
Sangarébougou

Sangarébougou is a suburb of Bamako, the capital of Mali, and a commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune lies to the northeast of Commune I of Bamako and around 10 km from the city center. The commune covers and area of 20 square kilometers and in the 2009 census had a population of 45,518.

</doc>
<doc id="21465616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465616" title="Minolta AF 24mm f/2.8 lens">
Minolta AF 24mm f/2.8 lens

Originally produced by Minolta the 24mm f/2.8 is compatible with cameras using the Minolta AF and Sony α lens mounts.

</doc>
<doc id="21465621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465621" title="Oscar Loya">
Oscar Loya

Joseph Oscar Loya (born June 12, 1979) is an American singer and Broadway musical theatre performer.
Life.
Loya was born in 1979 in Indio, California and grew up as the youngest of five children in California. He is openly gay and lives in Munich.
Loya represented Germany at the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia together with Alex Christensen as "Alex swings Oscar sings", performing the song ""Miss Kiss Kiss Bang"", with special guest Dita Von Teese performing with them in the Final. The song finished 20th in a final of 25 competing countries.
Loya released his debut album in 2009. His voice coach is Professor Dennis M. Heath (Munich). Heath teaches other successful professional artists in Europe, Australia, and the United States.
Loya concentrates on his solo career and released his second album "Beast" in 2011. "Beast" is a collaboration between Oscar and the electropop producer Alek Sandar. The self-written and co-produced single "Learn Something New" with Citrusonic Records has been published in December 2012.
From October 2012 to June 2013, Loya has been the principal character in the revue SHOW ME at the Friedrichstadt-Palast in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="21465626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465626" title="N'Gabacoro">
N'Gabacoro

N'Gabacoro or N'Gabacoro-Droit is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune covers an area of 103 square kilometers and includes the town and 6 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 15,153. The town of N'Gabacoro lies 18 km east of the Malian capital, Bamako.

</doc>
<doc id="21465641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465641" title="Robert Nikolic">
Robert Nikolic

Robert Nikolic (born 1 August 1968 in Bonn) is a retired German football player. He spent four seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Dortmund and 1. FSV Mainz 05.

</doc>
<doc id="21465655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465655" title="List of Hindu temples in the United States">
List of Hindu temples in the United States

This is a list of Hindu temples in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21465658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465658" title="Dinty Moore (American football)">
Dinty Moore (American football)

Walter Stanley Moore (September 30, 1903 - ???) was a professional football player from New York City. He attended and played college football for Lafayette College and made his National Football League debut in 1927 with the Pottsville Maroons. He played only one season for the Maroons before ending his NFL career.

</doc>
<doc id="21465668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465668" title="Jardins de Salagon">
Jardins de Salagon

The Jardins de Salagon are a public park, museum and an ethnobotanical garden located in the town of Mane, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence Department of France. They surround the buildings of (12th century) and are classified by the French Ministry of Culture as one of the Notable Gardens of France.
Description.
The gardens are located at an altitude of five hundred meters, between the Durance River and the Lure mountain, in the basin of Forcalquier. 
The garden is made up of five different sections; 
History.
Excavations show that the site of the garden has been occupied since Gallo-Roman times. At the end of the 10th century the domaine belonged to the Benedictine Abbey of Saint-André de Villeneuve-lès-Avignon. A priory was built in the 11th century. Several buildings of the old priory remain; the church, with an 11th-century choir and two naves from the 12th century; the logis (13th and 15th centuries) and farm buildings (16th-19th centuries.). In the 18th century the priory was attached to the convent of the Minimes brothers of Mane. During the French Revolution the property was nationalized. 
In the 19th century the buildings were used for agriculture. In 1981, they were purchased by the commune and restored. Since 1981 the buildings house the Museum of the Ethnographic Heritage of Haute-Provence.

</doc>
<doc id="21465685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465685" title="House of Guttenberg">
House of Guttenberg

The House of Guttenberg is a prominent Franconian family which traces its origins back to 1149 with a Gundeloh v. Blassenberg (Plassenberg). Though, the first mention in a document is dated 1158. The name Guttenberg is derived from Guttenberg and was adopted by a Heinrich von Blassenberg around 1310. The Plassenberg family were ministerial of the Counts of Andechs (later the dukes of Andechs-Meranien) and used as their seat the Plassenburg of Kulmbach. The castle of Guttenberg remains the main seat of the family. The family currently consists of two branches. The elder branch, von und zu Guttenberg and the younger Steinhausen branch. In 1700 the family rose from "Reichsritter" (Imperial Knights) to "Reichsfreiherr" (Barons of the Holy Roman Empire). After the Holy Roman Empire dissolved, they were made "Freiherr" (barons) of Bavaria (1814 & 1817).

</doc>
<doc id="21465691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465691" title="HM Prison Wellingborough">
HM Prison Wellingborough

HM Prison Wellingborough was a Category C men's prison, located in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Opened as a Borstal in 1963, Wellingborough continued to hold Young Offenders until 1990, when it was re-rolled as Category C Training Prison for male adults.
In December 2003, an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that Wellingborough was not meeting the criteria for its role as a training prison. Inspectors found that only half the prisoners were working or in education, with the other half locked up for extended periods of time. The report also noted that the prison had an out of date race relations policy. However, inspectors also highlighted Wellingborough's good overall safety record, as 80% of inmates reported that they felt safe and 75% reported that staff treated them with respect. Wellingborough was also praised for its induction programme and reception procedures. 
In July 2004, A missionary from Wellingborough Prison was imprisoned for trying to smuggle heroin and cannabis into the jail. The missionary had been a Prison Service-authorised Sikh leader, licensed by The Sikh Missionary Society UK to visit prisons to see Sikh inmates. He had attempted to smuggle the drugs into the prison by hiding them in an airmail letter and envelope.
On 17 July 2012, UK Justice Secretary Kenneth Clarke announced that HMP Wellingborough would be closed by the end of the year, claiming it would save the tax payer £10m a year. The prison formally closed on 21 December 2012. At the time prisons minister Jeremy Wright indicated that the site could be used as a prison again in the future. However in December 2013 the Ministry of Justice instructed a cmmercial property consultant to make initial assessments of the site for redevelopment in to housing.

</doc>
<doc id="21465702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465702" title="Court of Session (Pakistan)">
Court of Session (Pakistan)

The Court of Session is the primary court of first instance in criminal cases in Pakistan, and most serious criminal cases are tried in it. The court also has limited civil and appellate jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="21465708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465708" title="Lipid bilayer phase behavior">
Lipid bilayer phase behavior

One of the most important properties of a lipid bilayer is the relative mobility (fluidity) of the individual lipid molecules and how this mobility changes with temperature. This response is known as the phase behavior of the bilayer. Broadly, at a given temperature a lipid bilayer can exist in either a liquid or a solid phase. The solid phase is commonly referred to as a “gel” phase. All lipids have a characteristic temperature at which they undergo a transition (melt) from the gel to liquid phase. In both phases the lipid molecules are constrained to the two dimensional plane of the membrane, but in liquid phase bilayers the molecules diffuse freely within this plane. Thus, in a liquid bilayer a given lipid will rapidly exchange locations with its neighbor millions of times a second and will, through the process of a random walk, migrate over long distances. 
Motion Constraints.
In contrast to this large in-plane mobility, it is very difficult for lipid molecules to flip-flop from one side of the lipid bilayer to the other. In a phosphatidylcholine-based bilayer this process typically occurs over a timescale of weeks. This discrepancy can be understood in terms of the basic structure of the bilayer. For a lipid to flip from one leaflet to the other, its hydrated headgroup must cross the hydrophobic core of the bilayer, an energetically unfavorable process. Unlike liquid phase bilayers, the lipids in a gel phase bilayer are locked in place and exhibit neither flip-flop nor lateral mobility. Due to this limited mobility, gel bilayers lack an important property of liquid bilayers: the ability to reseal small holes. Liquid phase bilayers can spontaneously heal small voids, much the same way a film of oil on water could flow in to fill a gap. This functionality is one of the reasons that cell membranes are usually composed of fluid phase bilayers. Motion constraints on lipids in lipid bilayers are also imposed by presence of proteins in biological membranes, especially so in the annular lipid shell 'attached' to surface of integral membrane proteins.
Physical Origins.
The phase behavior of lipid bilayers is largely determined by the strength of the attractive Van der Waals interactions between adjacent lipid molecules. The extent of this interaction is in turn governed by how long the lipid tails are and how well they can pack together. Longer tailed lipids have more area over which to interact, increasing the strength of this interaction and consequently decreasing the lipid mobility. Thus, at a given temperature, a short-tailed lipid will be more fluid than an otherwise identical long-tailed lipid. Another way of expressing this would be to say that the gel to liquid phase transition temperature increases with increasing number of carbons in the lipid alkane chains. Saturated phosphatidylcholine lipids with tails longer than 14 carbons are solid at room temperature, while those with fewer than 14 are liquid. This phenomenon is analogous to the fact that paraffin wax, which is composed of long alkanes, is solid at room temperature, while octane (gasoline), a short alkane, is liquid. 
Aside from chain length, transition temperature can also be affected by the degree of unsaturation of the lipid tails. An unsaturated double bond can produce a kink in the alkane chain, disrupting the regular periodic structure. This disruption creates extra free space within the bilayer which allows additional flexibility in the adjacent chains. It is this disruption of packing that leads to lower transition temperatures with increasing double bonds. This is a particularly powerful effect; decreasing the overall chain length by one carbon usually alters the transition temperature of a lipid by ten degrees Celsius or less, but adding a single double bond can decrease the transition temperature by fifty degrees or more (see table). An example of this effect can be noted in everyday life as butter, which has a large percentage saturated fats, is solid at room temperature while vegetable oil, which is mostly unsaturated, is liquid.
Mixed Systems.
Bilayers need not be composed of a single type of lipid and, in fact, most natural membranes are a complex mixture of different lipid molecules. Such mixtures often exhibit properties intermediate to their components, but are also capable of a phenomenon not seen in single component systems: phase separation. If some of the components are liquid at a given temperature while others are in the gel phase, the two phases can coexist in spatially separated populations. This phase separation plays a critical role in biochemical phenomena because membrane components such as proteins can partition into one or the other phase and thus be locally concentrated or activated.
Cholesterol.
The presence of cholesterol exerts a profound but complicated influence on lipid bilayer properties because of its unique physical characteristics. Although it is a lipid, cholesterol bears little resemblance to a phospholipid. The hydrophilic domain of cholesterol is quite small, consisting of a single alcohol group. Adjacent to this alcohol is a rigid planar structure composed of several fused rings. At the opposite end of the ring structure is a short single chain tail. It has been known for decades that the addition of cholesterol to a fluid phase bilayer decreases its permeability to water. The mode of this interaction has more recently been shown to be due to cholesterol intercalating between lipid molecules, filling in free space and decreasing the flexibility of surrounding lipid chains. This interaction also increases the mechanical rigidity of fluid membrane lipid bilayers and decreases their lateral diffusion coefficient. In contrast, the addition of cholesterol to gel phase bilayers disrupts local packing order, increasing the diffusion coefficient and decreasing the elastic modulus. Interactions of cholesterol with multi-component systems are even more complicated, as these can result in intricate phase diagrams. One lipid-cholesterol system that has recently been studied intently is the lipid raft. Lipid rafts are cholesterol-enriched gel domains that have been potentially implicated in certain cell signaling processes, but the subject remains controversial, with some researchers doubting even their existence in vivo.
Lipid polymorphism.
Mixed lipid liposomes can undergo changes into different phase dispersion structures, called lipid polymorphism, like into speherical micelles, lipid bilayer lamellae and hexagonal phase cylinders, depending on physical and chemical changes in their microenvironment.
Phase transition temperature of liposomes and biological membranes can be measured using calorimetry, magnetic resonance spectroscopy and other techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="21465709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465709" title="Georgios Efrem">
Georgios Efrem

Georgios Efrem (; born 5 July 1989 in Limassol) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a winger for APOEL and the Cyprus national team. He is a product of the Arsenal F.C. Academy.
Club career.
Early career.
Efrem began his career as a 15-year old with Arsenal in 2004, and was a regular in their reserve and youth sides. However, he was unable to break into the first team, and so moved to Rangers in May 2007. He soon became a regular in the reserve team and was loaned out to Scottish First Division side Dundee to gain some first team experience on 1 February 2009. Efrem scored on his debut against Livingston a week later. He was released on 1 June 2009 by Rangers and signed with Omonia.
Omonia.
Efrem had an excellent start with his new club in season 2009–10, leading Omonia to its 20th championship. In the same year, Cyprus Football Association awarded Efrem the "Best Youth Player Award" for the 2009–10 season. During his five-year spell with Omonia, he managed to win one championship, two Cups and two Super Cups. He also appeared in 134 league matches and scored 25 goals.
APOEL.
On 6 June 2014, Efrem signed a three-year contract with APOEL.
International career.
He has represented Cyprus at all youth levels and captained the Cyprus under-21 team. In March 2009, he was called up to the Cyprus national team squad and in September 2009, he made his first two appearances.
Honours.
Club.
Omonia

</doc>
<doc id="21465724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465724" title="Vladimir Central Prison">
Vladimir Central Prison

The Vladimir Prison, colloquially known as "Vladimirsky Central" (, from "Vladimir Central Prison"), is a prison for dangerous criminals in Vladimir, Russia, about 100 miles northeast of Moscow. It was established in 1783. Most are serving a minimum of 10 years, and some are imprisoned for life. This prison is the largest in Russia.
Prior to the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the complex served as an infamous prison for political prisoners of the Soviet regime. Among those who perished there was Polish politician Jan Stanisław Jankowski, commander-in-chief of the Estonian army Johan Laidoner, Armenian General and Dashnak Revolutionary Activist Garegin Nzhdeh, Lithuanian Roman Catholic bishop Mečislovas Reinys, Exarch of the Russian Catholic Church archimandrite Klymentiy Sheptytsky and German field marshal Paul Ludwig Ewald von Kleist. 
Gary Francis Powers, a US U2 spy plane pilot shot down on May Day 1960 was imprisoned here until his release in February 1962. Famous Russian inmates here include Stalin's son, Vasily Dzhugashvili, Jewish Refusenik dissidents Natan Sharansky and Yosef Mendelevitch, Ukrainian socialist federalist Serhiy Yefremov, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="21465725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465725" title="Lost Children (1956 film)">
Lost Children (1956 film)

Lost Children () is a 1956 Czechoslovak war film directed by Miloš Makovec. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21465726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465726" title="Erich Wulff">
Erich Wulff

Erich Wulff (2 August 1910 — 3 February 1945) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Erich Wulff was born on the 2 August 1910 in Schönkirchen in Holstein. During World War II he volunteered to join the Waffen SS and was posted to the 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Latvian).
He was killed in Action on the 3 February 1945, during the breakout attempt from encirclement near Flederborn on the Eastern Front. He was awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross in May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="21465736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465736" title="Benjamin Ryan">
Benjamin Ryan

Benjamin Ryan (brother of Paul Ryan) is a keyboard player and multi instrumentalist from Sudbury, in Suffolk, England.
His earliest collaborations were with his guitar playing older brother Paul Ryan, with whom he went on to form Cradle of Filth, along with their school friend Daniel Davey (a.k.a. Dani Filth).
After recording several demos, and a false start with their 'lost album' entitled The Goetia, Cradle of Filth attained some success in the 1990s metal scene. Eventually the band signed to Cacophonous Records whilst Benjamin was still only 16 years old, and released The Principle of Evil Made Flesh.
After the recording of The Principle of Evil Made Flesh both the Ryan brothers and band mate Paul Allender left Cradle of Filth and formed cult metal band The Blood Divine.
The Blood Divine recorded two studio albums and toured extensively for three years, building a following during the time they were together until 1998 when the band split.
Benjamin went on to work as a session musician and sound engineer during which time he worked briefly in Yorkshire with guitarist Rishi Mehta.
In 2001 Benjamin spent a period as a freelance web developer, but has since returned to working as a musician and sound engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="21465746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465746" title="Jürgen Kramny">
Jürgen Kramny

Jürgen Kramny (born 18 October 1971) is a German football coach and a former player. As of March 2012, he is the manager of VfB Stuttgart II. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga as a player with VfB Stuttgart, 1. FC Nuremberg and 1. FSV Mainz 05.
Career.
In July 2010, Kramny became manager of the under-19 team of VfB Stuttgart. From 13 October 2010 to 12 December 2010 he worked with the new head coach of the first team Jens Keller as assistant coach. After the sacking of Keller, Kramny returned as head coach to the under-19 team of VfB Stuttgart.
In June 2011, Kramny took over as head coach of VfB Stuttgart II.

</doc>
<doc id="21465754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465754" title="Alagappa Polytechnic">
Alagappa Polytechnic

Alagappa Polytechnic is a major Government polytechnic college in Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India. It is held directly under the control of the Government of Tamil Nadu. It is located in the ACCET campus in Karaikudi.

</doc>
<doc id="21465770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465770" title="John Conolly (disambiguation)">
John Conolly (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="21465779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465779" title="Johann Gottfried von Guttenberg">
Johann Gottfried von Guttenberg

Johann Gottfried Freiherr von Guttenberg (6 November 1645 – 14 December 1698) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1684 until his death.
The House of Guttenberg was a prominent Franconian noble family, named after Guttenberg Castle. Johann Gottfried was born at Marloffstein Castle.
In the Nine Years' War, the Prince-Bishop allied with the Emperor (Leopold I) and provided him with troops. He died in Würzburg, aged 53.

</doc>
<doc id="21465805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465805" title="Joanna Wiszniewicz">
Joanna Wiszniewicz

Joanna Wiszniewicz (18 March 1947 – 31 January 2009) was a Polish academic and historian. She was affiliated with the Jewish Historical Institute and specialized in the history of the Jews in Poland. Her writing was published in such periodicals as "Jewish History Quarterly", "Karta", "Midrasz", "Gazeta Wyborcza", and "ResPublica Nowa". She authored "A Life Cut in Two. Stories of the March Generation" and "And Yet I Still Have Dreams. A Story of a Certain Loneliness". She died on 31 January 2009, aged 61.

</doc>
<doc id="21465818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465818" title="The Emily Post Institute">
The Emily Post Institute

The Emily Post Institute was created by etiquette author Emily Post in 1946. The organization, located in Burlington, Vermont, provides etiquette experts and advice to news outlets and other corporations. The authors at the Emily Post Institute write books and columns, conduct seminars and workshops, give speeches, and act as spokespeople for select corporations. They give media interviews each year on a variety of topics. Notable former and present staff include family members Emily Post, Elizabeth Post, Peggy Post, Peter Post, Anna Post, Lizzie Post, Cindy Post Senning, Daniel Post Senning, .
Founded in 1946 by Emily Post and her son Ned, The Emily Post Institute, Inc. (or EPI for short), continues to promote etiquette and civility in America and around the world. Spanning five generations, this family business maintains and evolves the standards of etiquette that Emily Post established with her seminal book Etiquette in 1922. Manners change over time and vary depending on location and culture. The Emily Post Institute studies this evolution. Acting as a social civility barometer, EPI elucidates new manners for today's world based on core values of honesty, respect, and consideration, according to the Emily Post Institute.
From a primary office in Burlington, Vermont, The Emily Post Institute maintains a 25 book collection, columns in Good Housekeeping, The New York Times, USA Weekend, The Boston Globe, and Brides.com, conducts seminars and trainings, and partners with businesses and non-profit organizations to bring etiquette and manners to a wide audience. There are currently two generations and nine direct descendants and their immediate family involved with The Emily Post Institute
Emily Post was an American writer and socialite who became the most famous authority on how to behave graciously in society and business. She published "Etiquette: The Blue Book of Social Usage" in 1922, which grew her career, resulting in a radio show and newspaper column.
Books.
Along with overseeing the publication of new issues of Emily Post's etiquette primer "Etiquette", the Emily Post Institute has also published a number of specialized etiquette books.

</doc>
<doc id="21465841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465841" title="Karl Badberger">
Karl Badberger

Karl Badberger (born Munich, January 14, 1888, date of death unknown) was a German architect.
Biography.
Badberger graduated at the Technical University of Munich in 1911, became "Regierungsbaumeister" in 1919 and joined the Bayerische Staatsbauverwaltung (Bavarian State Construction Administration) in 1920. Afterwards he served as an Ministerialrat at the Reichs Ministry of Finance in Berlin. After World War II, in the rank of an Oberregierungsbaudirektor, he led the Bundesbaudirektion (Federal Building Authority) in Bonn.

</doc>
<doc id="21465843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465843" title="Grizzard">
Grizzard

Grizzard is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21465846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465846" title="PTG">
PTG

PTG or ptg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21465870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465870" title="List of Hindu temples in India">
List of Hindu temples in India

This is a list of Hindu temples in India, by state.

</doc>
<doc id="21465871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465871" title="Sophorose">
Sophorose

Sophorose is a disaccharide. It is one of the foremost parts of antibacterial, amphiphilic biosurfactant sophorolipid. It is a product of the caramelization of glucose. 

</doc>
<doc id="21465875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465875" title="Janice Lachance">
Janice Lachance

Janice R. Lachance is the 13th chief executive of the Special Libraries Association and a former Director of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. From 1997 to 2001, Lachance was the Director (CEO) of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM), the United States' federal government's independent human resources agency. Appointed to this position by President Bill Clinton and unanimously confirmed by a bi-partisan U.S. Senate, Lachance provided policy and program leadership for 1.8 million federal employees. During her tenure, Clinton advanced the post of OPM Director to Cabinet status, giving her the standing and support needed to elevate human capital issues to the highest possible priority in the United States.
Lachance has led Ministerial-level delegations to the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong, Republic of China (Taiwan), Australia, New Zealand, Israel, and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in Paris, France.
Prior to becoming Director of OPM, Lachance was the agency's Deputy Director (1997), Chief of Staff (1996–97), and Director of Communications and Policy (1993–96). Previously, she served as Director of Communications and Political Affairs and policy advisor for the American Federation of Government Employees, (AFGE) (1987–93). After leaving OPM in 2001, Lachance transitioned to a management consulting practice specializing in strategic planning, communications, human resources management, and organizational transformation for membership and non-profit organizations.
The first in her extended family to go on to college, Lachance graduated from Manhattanville College in Purchase, New York and earned her Juris Doctor degree at Tulane University School of Law in New Orleans, Louisiana (1978). She is admitted to practice law in the State of Maine and the District of Columbia as well as the United States Supreme Court. Lachance grew up in Biddeford, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="21465884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465884" title="Dennis Weiland">
Dennis Weiland

Dennis Weiland (born August 30, 1974 in Hanover) is a German former football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05. His brother Niclas Weiland is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21465887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465887" title="Mechanical and Materials Engineering Department">
Mechanical and Materials Engineering Department

Western's Mechanical and Materials Engineering Department (Faculty of Engineering, University of Western Ontario) offers an accredited program in Mechanical Engineering in B.S., M.Eng., M.S. and Ph.D. degree.
Areas of research in graduate studies include: Dynamics and control, Robotics, CAD/CAM, Solid Mechanics, Fluid Mechanics, Bio-Mechanics and Bio-Materials, Composite materials, nanocomposites, nanomechanics, Computational fluid dynamics, Materials Science and Manufacturing.

</doc>
<doc id="21465907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465907" title="Laurence Perrine">
Laurence Perrine

Laurence Perrine (1915–1995) was a Southern Methodist University professor whose literature textbooks became standard works nationwide.
Perrine earned B.A. and M.A. degrees from Oberlin College and a Ph.D. from Yale University. He began his distinguished career as a member of SMU's English faculty in 1946 and was named the Daisy Deane Frensley Professor of English Literature in 1968.
Laurence Perrine's works include textbooks on the appreciation of poetry and fiction entitled "Sound and Sense" and "Story and Structure", first published in 1956 and 1959 respectively. Both of these went through many editions during Perrine's lifetime and are still in use in posthumously edited new editions. "Sound and Sense" was originally developed for use in his poetry class; it became one of the most influential works in modern American education. Many of the principles of both "Sound and Sense" and "Story and Structure" contributed to a secondary-level literature textbook co-edited by Perrine entitled "Adventures in Appreciation" (1st ed. 1968), part of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich's Adventures in Literature Program. Perrine was also the author of books of limericks.
Perrine was one of the founders of SMU's Phi Beta Kappa chapter in 1949. In his honor, the chapter awards a Perrine Prize each year to a member of SMU's undergraduate faculty in liberal studies.
Perrine retired in 1980 and was awarded an honorary doctorate by SMU in 1988.
Perrine met his wife, Catherine, when she was teaching freshman English at SMU from 1948 to 1950. She was active in Texas environmental politics, with a special interest in water planning. When she died in 2006, she left a $3.3 million bequest to establish an endowed chair in English at SMU as well as a scholarship fund.

</doc>
<doc id="21465908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465908" title="Louise Sandberg">
Louise Sandberg

Louise Sandberg is a Danish born fashion designer and polo player based in London, UK.
In 2003 Louise started to collaborate with the St. Barth's based French designer Donale. Together they were among the first to bring out the concept of specific holiday and cruise wear fashion collections. This was the first time the kaftan was to be seen as a beachwear fashion item. The idea took off and within months the designs had a cult following being seen on celebrities including Madonna, Heidi Klum and Jodie Kidd. By 2004 Louise Sandberg was selling from her specialist boutique in London had also started selling online. She extended her list of designers to include the very best and most exclusive from the island of St. Barth's, including Vanita Rosa, Pop and Les Papoux. She also extended her range to include beach accessories like belts, jewellery, bags and beach hats.
In 2012, The Duchess of Cambridge announced that she was a big fan of Louise Sandberg’s kaftans.
Louise is an international polo player having played the game since 2001. She has played polo in many countries; Switzerland, Ghana, Argentina, Thailand, Spain and Iran as well as the UK where she is based. In 2006 Louise was part of the winning England Ladies team in Iran. Significantly, they were the first women to play openly in Iran for almost 800 years.
Family.
Louise is the great great grand daughter of the Norwegian impressionist landscape painter Frits Thaulow (1847 – 1906) best known for his landscape and water paintings. She is the great grand daughter of the Danish film director Anders W. Sandberg (1887 – 1938). Amongst the 42 films he directed in his lifetime is the groundbreaking silent movie ‘The Golden Clown’ from 1926. Louise is the grand daughter of film producer Henrik Sandberg (1915 – 1993) producer of 39 post-war Danish comedy movies that are still watched today, notably the ‘Soldaterkammerater’ series.
Frits Thaulow (great great grandfather) 
Anders W. Sandberg (great grandfather) 
Henrik Sandberg (grandfather)

</doc>
<doc id="21465928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465928" title="New College Boat Club">
New College Boat Club

New College Boat Club (NCBC) is rowing club for the members of New College, Oxford. The clubs existence can be dated to 1840 when it first raced on The Isis in Oxford. It is one of the most successful college rowing clubs with 16 men's headships and two women's.
The club shares a boathouse on The Isis (part of the Thames) with Balliol College Boat Club, as well as using boat racks at Godstow for the Men's and Women's first boats.
History.
The first record of a New College eight is in 1840, with another appearance in 1852. Only from 1868 did the college start to fully represent itself on the river. In these early years New achieved 'Head of the River' in the Eights in 1887, 1896-1899, 1901, 1903-04 (inclusive). In Torpids the club was 'Head of the River' in 1882, 1896, 1900-04.
The 1912 Stockholm Olympics.
The New College Boat Club represented Great Britain at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm and won the Silver medal in the Men's eights.
The two British crews were the favourites for gold so started at opposite ends of the draw. They both worked up through the competition to make the final. The course in Stockholm was not straight, and one of the two lanes was clearly favoured, the other requiring the cox to steer around a protruding boathouse and then back under a bridge.
Before the final, the two British captains met to toss for lanes. New College won the toss and following gentlemanly tradition offered the choice of lanes to their opponents, who would - in a gentlemanly fashion - refuse this offer. However the Leander/Magdalen College captain accepted this offer and chose the better lane. Leander went on to win the gold medal, leaving New College with the silver.
King Gustav V of Sweden was so disheartened by this display of ungentlemanly conduct that, as a consolation, he presented his colours to New College. Ever since then, New College have raced in purple and gold, the colours of the royal house of Sweden. A further tradition has been the adoption of the toast: 'God Damn Bloody Magdalen!', the supposed words of the New College stroke Robert Bourne as they crossed the line. The abbreviation GDBM has been used commonly ever since, and is still on bottom of the NCBC letterhead.
Henley Royal Regatta.
The club has won four events at Henley Royal Regatta in its history.
Recent form.
Eights.
In 2012, the Men's 1st VIII started 14th (1st Div 2) and finished 17th, the 2nd VIII started 30th (5th Div 3) and finished 31st. The Women's 1st VIII started 12th and finished 15th, the 2nd VIII started 57th (6th Div 4) and finished 51st.
Blues.
A number of members of New College have gone on to row for the University.

</doc>
<doc id="21465929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465929" title="Cirein-cròin">
Cirein-cròin

Ceirean, Cirein-cròin or cionarain-crò was a large sea monster in Scottish Gaelic folklore. An old saying claims that it was so large that it fed on seven whales: Local folklores say this huge animal can disguise himself as a small, silver fish when fisherman come in contact with it. Other accounts state the reason for the disguise was to attract its next meal; when the fisherman would catch it in its small silver fish form, once aboard it changed back to the monster and ate him.
According to Forbes,
"another saying cionarain-cro here is substituted, as Avill be seen, for the cirein-croin in the former saving, and ranks second to the "great sea
animal."
Forbes identifies the creature as a large sea serpent, but this is arguable. He also proposes it as a dinosaur -
"It is not known what this monster animal was, though it may well have been one of these "Giant fish-destroyers," so ably, inler-alia, described by Dr Carmichael M'Intosh, which waged war in sea and on land against all and sundry as well as against each other, viz., the gigantic Deinosaurs, some of which, notably the Atlantosaurus, reached to one hundred feet in length with a height of thirty feet, and proportionately awful of aspect."

</doc>
<doc id="21465962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465962" title="Road Fund">
Road Fund

The Road Fund was a British Government fund designated to pay for the building and maintenance of the United Kingdom road network. Its income came originally from vehicle excise duty, until that ceased to be hypothecated for roads use in 1936, and then from government grants. It was created by the Roads Act 1920 and Finance Act 1920, and was wound up in Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act of 1955.
The Road Fund is notable as one of the few beneficiaries of hypothecated taxation in British history, and is the root of a popular misconception that vehicle excise duty (especially when referred to as road tax) is still hypothecated. Between 1920 and 1936 the vehicle licence (tax disc) was officially known as the "Road Fund Licence", a term which is still in colloquial use today.
History.
The origins of the road fund can be traced back to a number of "assigned revenues" granted to local authorities in 1888 as part of a financial settlement to limit recurrent demands for grants from central government. In the budget of 1909, the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Lloyd George combined these grants into a single tax on petrol and a duty on the rated horsepower of motor cars. Under the same act it became compulsory for motor vehicles subject to VED to display a vehicle licence (tax disc) as visible evidence of having paid the tax.
Road locomotives were subject to a separate 'wetted tax', where the fee was proportional to the size of the wetted area of the steam boiler.
In 1907 a major problem associated with roads was the level of dust raised by passing motor vehicles and there was support for a tax of £1 or 10s. per horse-power to pay for improvements to roads to solve this problem.
At the time Lloyd George announced that the roads system would be self-financing so from 1910 the proceeds of road vehicle excise duties, which had been in existence in various forms since 1889, were dedicated to fund the building and maintenance of the road system under a scheme known as the "Road Board". Under the Roads Act of 1920 the Road Board was replaced by the "Road Fund", dedicated solely to road building on the basis that no other claims would be made on the Exchequer for construction of new roads.
The Road Fund was never fully utilised, returning a surplus each year, and it became notorious for being used for other government purposes. Winston Churchill opposed the Road Fund, saying: "It will be only a step from this for them to claim in a few years the moral ownership of the roads their contributions have created". In 1926 as Chancellor of the Exchequer Churchill sought, successfully, to redirect a third of payments as taxation on luxury and pleasure uses with the stated aim of putting competition between road and rail on a fair basis. At the same time, the majority of road building and maintenance costs were met from general and local taxation.
In 1932 Lieut. Colonel Moore-Brabazon said in a debate in the House of Commons about the Road Fund: "This vote is different from any other because the money that goes to the Ministry of Transport is motorists' money. It is not Imperial taxation. It is money that comes from the motorists, to be spent on one definite thing, namely, the roads. If the Government come to the conclusion that they are going to spend less money on the roads, they have to make a case to the motorists why they are not going to reduce the taxation upon their cars. If they are going to keep on the same taxation and to spend the money derived from the motorists upon Imperial taxation, let them say so."
Winding up.
Hypothecation of VED into the Road Fund was formally ended under the Finance Act of 1936, in accordance with the recommendations of the Salter Report that controversially sought to introduce a balance between the road haulage industry and the railways. It had concluded that the method of road funding, which had relied on parishes and local authorities to fund a portion of the road network through their own means, represented a subsidy to the road hauliers. After the 1936 Act the proceeds of road vehicle duties were to be paid directly into the Exchequer. The Road Fund itself was finally wound up in the Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act of 1955, becoming a system of funding through government grants.

</doc>
<doc id="21465967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465967" title="Musique classique">
Musique classique

Created on 2 April 1996, Musique Classique was a television channel owned by AB Groupe.
The programming consisted of classical concerts, opera, lyrical works, and magazine programmes (e.g. "À livret ouvert"...).
The channel was run by Jean-Michel Fava.
Musique Classique was shown on the AB Sat package, some cable operators, such as Noos-Numericable (see also Numericable (NOOS)) and ADSL operators such as Freebox TV. The channel was not available on Canalsat or TPS.
On 15 October 2007 at 10:00, the channel ceased broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="21465982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465982" title="Niclas Weiland">
Niclas Weiland

Niclas Weiland (born 22 July 1972 in Hanover) is a retired German footballer. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05. His brother Dennis Weiland is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21465985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21465985" title="Pigford v. Glickman">
Pigford v. Glickman

Pigford v. Glickman (1999) was a class action lawsuit against the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), alleging racial discrimination in its allocation of farm loans and assistance between 1981 and 1996. The lawsuit ended with a settlement on April 14, 1999, by Judge Paul L. Friedman of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. To date, almost US$1 billion has been paid or credited to more than 13,300 farmers under the settlement's consent decree, under what is reportedly the largest civil rights settlement to date. As another 70,000 farmers had filed late and not had their claims heard, the 2008 Farm Bill provided for additional claims to be heard; and in December 2010, Congress appropriated $1.2 billion for what is called "Pigford II," the second part of the case.
USDA discrimination against African American farmers.
The USDA's discrimination against African American farmers can be traced back to when whites became increasingly fearful of competing with freed slaves. In response, the government made USDA loans dependent on credit, reducing the newly freed slaves' ability to survive. White planters used credit to gain monopolistic control of agricultural production. Also, the New Deal programs protected white farmers by shifting the risk to black tenants. During the great depression, black farmers lost their land by tax sale, eminent domain, and voluntary sales. The USDA admittedly discriminated against black farmers, and by 1992 the amount of black farmers had declined by 98%.
County and state USDA authorities have historically discriminated against African American farmers on the basis of race. Sometimes bluntly, for example, a USDA official would deny an equipment loan, telling the black farmer “all you need is a mule and a plow”, or telling the black farmer that the disaster relief is “too much money for a nigger to receive”. But more often, the USDA used paper-shuffling, delaying loans for black farmers until the end of planting season, approving only a fraction of black farmers' loan requests, and denying crop-disaster payments for black farmers, which white farmers got routinely.
USDA credit and benefit decisions to approve or deny farm loan applications were decided by 3 to 5 elected committee members at the county level; however, the committee members were overwhelmingly white.
On average it took three times longer for the USDA to process a black farmer's application than a white farmer's application.
The black farmers involved in the case had all been subjected to racial discrimination and humiliation by the USDA: Mr. Steppes applied for a farm loan and it was denied. As a result, he had insufficient resources to plant crops, he could not buy fertilizer and treatment for the crops he did plant, and he ended up losing his farm. Mr. Brown applied for a farm loan. After not hearing back, he followed up and was told his loan was being processed. After not hearing back again, he followed up and was told that there was no record of his application. He reapplied, but did not receive the loan until planting season was over. Additionally, his loan was “supervised”, so he had to get a signature by a USDA official to take money out. It was routine for the USDA to make this a provision for black farmers, but not for white farmers. Mr. Hall lost his crops and was eligible for disaster relief payments. Every single application in his county was approved, except for his. Mr. Beverly applied for a loan to build a farrowing house for his swine. He was told that his loan was approved and he bought livestock in anticipation. Later, he was told the loan was denied and his livestock were useless. He ended up having to sell his property to settle his debt.
While the rules and the law were colorblind, the people enforcing them were not. The denial of credit and benefits to black farmers and the preferential treatment of white farmers essentially forced black farmers out of agriculture. African American farms were foreclosed on. African American farmers were subject to humiliation and degradation by USDA county officials. The USDA's Civil Rights office was supposed to investigate these complaints, but the USDA's records show this was functionally nonexistent for over a decade.
The USDA's Secretary of Agriculture reported that process for resolving discrimination complaints had failed. He reported that the USDA has not acted in good faith on the complaints: appeals are too often delayed and for too long; favorable decisions are too often reversed. The USDA Inspector General reported that the discrimination complaint process lacks integrity, direction, and accountability. There were staffing problems, obsolete procedures, and little direction from management which resulted in a climate of disorder. In response, in 1998, Congress tolled the statute of limitations for USDA discrimination complaints, which allowed the Pigford class to bring this suit.
Terms of the Consent Decree.
Under the consent decree, an eligible recipient is an African American who (1) farmed or attempted to farm between January 1, 1981, and December 31, 1996, (2) applied to USDA for farm credit or program benefits and believes that he or she was discriminated against by the
USDA on the basis of race, and (3) made a complaint against the USDA on or before July 1, 1997. The consent decree set up a system for notice, claims submission, consideration, and
review that involved a facilitator, arbitrator, adjudicator, and monitor, all with assigned
responsibilities. The funds to pay the costs of the settlement (including legal fees) come from the Judgment Fund operated by the Department of the Treasury, not from USDA accounts or
appropriations.
Many individuals and organizations argued that the settlement in the consent decree should have included broader relief. However, the judge said that was not the test; the test is whether settlement is fair and reasonable compared to cost of trial. The judge found that the two tracks would ensure prompt distribution, while a trial would have been complicated, long, and costly. Also, the judge appointed a monitor to track and report on enforcement and court retained jurisdiction. Notably, the USDA would not include a provision that they would prevent future discrimination. The court concluded the Consent Decree represented a significant first step away from historical discrimination. The black farmers demonstrated their power to bring about change and planted a seed of change. The judge stated that it is up to the USDA to ensure this shameful period is never repeated and to bring the USDA into the 21st century.
Case history.
The lawsuit was filed in 1997 by Timothy Pigford, who was joined by 400 additional African-American farmer plaintiffs. Dan Glickman, the Secretary of Agriculture, was the nominal defendant. The allegations were that the USDA treated black farmers unfairly when deciding to allocate price support loans, disaster payments, "farm ownership" loans, and operating loans, and that the USDA had failed to process subsequent complaints about racial discrimination.
After the lawsuit was filed, Pigford requested blanket mediation to cover what was thought to be about 2,000 farmers who may have been discriminated against, but the U.S. Department of Justice opposed the mediation, saying that each case had to be investigated separately. As the case moved toward trial, the presiding judge certified as a class all black farmers who filed discrimination complaints against the USDA between 1983 and 1997.
The Pigford consent decree established a two-track dispute resolution mechanism for those seeking relief.
The most widely used option was called "Track A". which could provide a monetary settlement of $50,000 plus relief in the form of loan forgiveness and offsets of tax liability.
Track A claimants had to present substantial evidence (i.e., a reasonable basis for finding that discrimination happened) that:
Alternatively, affected farmers could follow "Track B" procedures.
This settlement was approved on April 14, 1999, by Judge Paul L. Friedman of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.
Payouts.
Originally, claimants were to have filed within 180 days of the consent decree. Late claims were accepted for an additional year afterwards, if they could show extraordinary circumstances that prevented them from filing on time.
Far beyond the anticipated 2,000 affected farmers, 22,505 "Track A" applications were heard and decided upon, of which 13,348 (59%) were approved. US$995 million had been disbursed or credited to the "Track A" applicants , including US$760 million disbursed as US$50,000 cash awards. Fewer than 200 farmers opted for the "Track B" process. This was reportedly the largest federal settlement for civil rights violations to date.
Beyond those applications that were heard and decided upon, about 70,000 petitions were filed late and were not allowed to proceed. Some have argued that the notice program was defective, and others blamed the farmers' attorneys for "the inadequate notice and overall mismanagement of the settlement agreement". A provision in the 2008 farm bill essentially allowed a re-hearing in civil court for any claimant whose claim had been denied without a decision that had been based on its merits.
The largest compensation , from the first part of the Pigford case, was the $13 million paid to the members of the defunct collective farm New Communities of Southwest Georgia in 2009; their attorney said that the value of the land of their former 6,000-acre farm was probably worth $9 million alone.
The case was decided during the Clinton administration, but the payouts were during the Bush administration. The Bush administration did not share the views of President Bill Clinton or USDA Secretary Dan Glickman and protected the government’s financial interests above recovery by farmers and worked aggressively against awarding Track A claims. Under Bush, 69% of the 22,721 eligible claims were denied. Additionally, 73,800 farmers filed claims past the deadline and were denied review. A contributing factor to the late claims were that were not enough attorneys ready to take the thousands of Track B claims, leading to errors, missed deadlines, incorrect filings, and other problems. The news media criticized the lawyers representing the black farmers, that they did not provide full, fair, and adequate representation. Animosity towards black farmers increased. Ultimately, Congress made $1.25 billion available to settle Pigford II claims, which were the late settlements. These settlements were allowed because notice to eligible claimants was “ineffective or defective”, and class counsel mismanaged the settlement.
Subsequent events.
In 2004, the Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association (BFAA) filed a US$20.5 billion class action lawsuit against the USDA for the same practices, alleging racially discriminatory practices between 1997 and 2004. The lawsuit was dismissed when the BFAA failed to show it had standing to bring the suit.
Legislative language was added to the 2008 Farm Bill to enable more farmers to bring suit and to authorize the government to negotiate additional monies for settlement. In 2010, the Administration had negotiated settlement for an additional $1.2 billion for such claims, in what is known as "Pigford II." Congress appropriated the money for the settlement later that year. Successful claimaints in Pigford II had to wait until 2013 to receive their settlement awards. 
Following the Pigford case, Native American farmers settled their own USDA discrimination case, the Keepsake case, which had 2 tracks, like Pigford. Hispanic farmers, the Garcia class, and women farmers, the Love class, also experienced USDA discrimination but could not get their class actions certified and were both denied review. However, the USDA employed its own administrative claims process to help provide relief to women and Hispanic farmers. 
Problems resolving discrimination complaints at the USDA persist. USDA employees undermined civil rights claims with faulty data. Complaints were not properly investigated, and decisions were mismanaged and lacked integrity, giving rise to more discrimination complaints and a surge in the amount of backlogged complaints. The USDA's reports on minority participation are therefore unreliable and of limited usefulness; strategic planning is limited and lacks needed components. Lessons learned could benefit USDA’s civil rights performance: an oversight board could improve management, and an ombudsman could address concerns of USDA customers and employees.
Since the USDA’s civil rights program expanded, the face of agriculture changed:
Overall, women farm operators grew 19%. Women farm operators were the most likely to own the land they farmed and were the most racially diversified.
Allegations of fraud.
In April 25, 2013, the "New York Times" reported that "the $50,000 payouts to black farmers had proved a magnet for fraud" and that "its very design encouraged people to lie".
Some of the specific examples cited in the April 25, 2013 "New York Times" article included:
The Federation of Southern Cooperatives/Land Assistance Fund responded with a Press Release Titled “‘Sharon LaFraniere got it Wrong!’ Response to the coverage of the Pigford Settlement in the April 26, New York Times”

</doc>
<doc id="21466040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466040" title="Volunteers in Africa Foundation">
Volunteers in Africa Foundation

The Volunteers in Africa Foundation (V.I.A.) is an Oceanside, California, based, grassroots non-profit organization that works to improve education in Southern California and West Africa. Volunteers In Africa’s programs are designed to generate respect and appreciation for our cultural, racial and religious diversity and to also enrich the lives of our neighbors worldwide. In the United States, V.I.A. provides cross-cultural educational experiences for teachers, students and community members. In Africa, V.I.A. provides classroom materials, instructional supplies, volunteers and school construction and improvement.

</doc>
<doc id="21466062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466062" title="SciTech Software">
SciTech Software

SciTech Software, Inc. was a privately held software company based in Chico, California.
Founded by Kendall Bennett in 1996, SciTech Software, Inc. developed many popular graphics device driver programs for the PC, ranging from UniVESA (later renamed to UniVBE) to SciTech Display Doctor and SciTech SNAP Graphics and SciTech SNAP Audio.
It is now acquired by Alt Richmond Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="21466091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466091" title="Christoph Teinert">
Christoph Teinert

Christoph Teinert (born January 30, 1980 in Heidelberg) is a German football player, he last plays for VfR Aalen.
Career.
Teinert spent one season in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05.
Personal life.
He also holds Australian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="21466092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466092" title="Oncotherm">
Oncotherm

OncoTherm is a medical device company for oncothermia treatments.
The company was founded in 1988 by András Szász in Hungary. In 2002 it received investment from a German company and was reorganized as a German-Hungarian company consisting of OncoTherm Hungary Ltd, and OncoTherm GmbH. The company's methodology is based on the view of its founder that the heat-dose sensitive characterization of tissue is at the core of the hyperthermia treatment. Its main product is the EHY-2000, a hyperthermia device where thermo-electric effects of electrical fields are used. According to its website about 400 devices have been placed into operation, mostly in Hungary and Germany, and performed over 200,000 treatments. The device is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="21466093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466093" title="Protect Software">
Protect Software

Protect Software is a globally operating, Germany based company that develops and markets licensing, access control and secure distribution technologies for creative works. This includes digital media (video, music) and computer software (consumer software, enterprise software and video games). Customers include major movie studios, PC video game publishers and independent software vendors.
History.
The first product was a CD-ROM copy protection system for software developed by ACE GmbH in 1996, in Dortmund, Germany. Protect Software was spun off in 2004 to focus on the copy protection business while the main company focused on media transcoding solutions.
Products.
ProtectDISC.
The ProtectDISC family of software is designed to be used on mass replicated CD and DVD media. Their principal use is to prevent, reduce and delay working copies of CD and DVD content or allow explicit copying under a defined license.
ProtectBURN.
The ProtectBURN family of software is designed to be used on recordable CD and DVD media to prevent, reduce and delay working copies. A different solution also enables the writing of CSS protected DVDs with special media and special DVD burners based on the CSS Managed Recording specification.
Online Distribution.
The company offers different online distribution solutions that range from a complete customizable webstore incl. payment gateway for integration on existing websites to simple software unlocking functionality that can be integrated from software partners for interaction with existing webstores. It also offers special distribution solutions for software previews and Film screening that utilize Digital watermarking technology to track content.
Rights Management.
The company offers DRM solutions for video files and computer software, which enables movie and software publishers to license their movies and software for different use cases such as rental or video on demand.

</doc>
<doc id="21466095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466095" title="Indrek Visnapuu">
Indrek Visnapuu

Indrek Visnapuu (born May 4, 1976) is an Estonian professional basketball coach and a retired player who played mostly at the point guard position. After retiring from playing, he coached in Tallinn for a few seasons. In 2007 he moved back to his hometown Tartu and became an assistant coach in his former team Tartu Ülikool/Rock. In late December 2008 Visnapuu was named the head coach of Tartu Rock after Üllar Kerde resigned. In January 2012 Visnapuu resigned from the head coach position.

</doc>
<doc id="21466109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466109" title="Things Fall Apart (Ugly Betty)">
Things Fall Apart (Ugly Betty)

"Things Fall Apart" is the 16th episode in the third season, the 57th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on February 26, 2009. The episode was written by Henry Alonso Myers and directed by Tom Verica.
Plot.
Daniel is sick and checks into a luxury hotel where he can be babied. Molly brings him soup and he complains that he's dying. She has something serious to tell him about but changes her mind, saying it can wait.
Wilhelmina wakes to find Connor holding baby William. She wishes that they could just "live in this moment" and laments that they both have to go to work.
Betty and Marc's YETI assignment for next week: Do a presentation on their magazine's budget. Matt volunteers his help because he's got an MBA but Betty turns him down. Marc points out to a clueless Betty that Matt was asking for a date. He also teases her about what it will be like to return to the accounting department, since it will remind her of Henry. Sure enough, the new accountant gives them an update: Henry's just posted pictures on Facebook of him and his new girlfriend in Peru. 
Justin advises Betty to channel her frustration over Henry into a project, so she buries herself in Mode's budget numbers. When the budget comes up short by several millions, she asks Daniel, who tells her to take it up with Connor or Wilhelmina.
Connor explains that corporations often move money from one account to another and that it's nothing unusual. Out of earshot, Connor, makes a call to his banker saying, "Looks like I might have to make my next transfer ahead of schedule." Connor suggests that he and Wilhelmina get away, and she thinks he's talking about a long weekend, but he's got something more long-term in mind. 
Betty tells Marc about the budget discrepancy and he's skeptical that she caught something that all the real accountants didn't. Marc thinks it's all about her being jealous over Henry having a new girlfriend, and advises her to find a new guy. Betty decides to give Matt a call, but Connor interrupts, telling her he appreciates her "moxie." After multiple interruptions, she blurts out over the phone to Matt, "Do you want to go get a drink?"
Matt backs up Betty's suspicions about the budget as they chit-chat over drinks. When she gets a text message from Henry, requesting to be her friend on Facebook, she spills the whole story to Matt, who listens patiently. She decides to get going and he tries to stop her, so she tells him that she's not ready to see anyone right now. But he was simply going to tell her that he forgot his wallet! She offers to get some money from an ATM, but forgets all about Matt when she sees that she has an extra $100,000 in her account! She goes to ask her family's advice, and then finally remembers Matt, but only gets his voicemail.
He shows up at Mode to tell her it's fine since the bar started a tab for him. He knows she's not over Henry and she insists she is, but believes that dating a colleague is a bad idea.
Betty asks the Meade accountant to check on her account and it says that a "B. Suarez" authorized the transfer! She asks Connor if he knows what's going on. In the elevator, Connor implies that any one investigating the money transfer will believe that Betty did it herself.
She asks if he's responsible. Connor stops the elevator and looms over her threateningly. "I don't know why anyone has to know about stealing from the company. The way I see it, if you keep quiet about this, there's no reason that anyone needs to know about the money in your account," he says, adding that papers he had her sign implicate not just her, but Daniel as well. He warns her not to tell anyone else, and threatens he'll "ruin their life with a couple of keystrokes." 
Connor goes to tell Wilhelmina everything. "I'm stealing from the company. I'm taking the money and I'm leaving the country and I want you and the baby to come with me." He confesses that he hates Daniel for taking Molly from him, but that he loves Willy now, not Molly. "When I found out about them, I came up with a plan to steal everything... I found a way to take all of their money and I want to give it to you. We could work for these people for the rest of our lives or we could be happy together." He's chartered a private jet that's leaving tonight and he wants her to be on it.
Wilhelmina confides to Marc that she's considering leaving the country with Connor. "Mode is your life," he tells her, and she insists it's her one chance at love. "If you had a chance to have all the money you ever needed and be with the person you loved for the rest of your life, would you do it?" Marc doesn't know what to tell her.
Betty informs Daniel of Connor's scheme and Daniel isn't sure whether to go to the police, so they call Claire. No one's seen Connor in hours, or Wilhelmina either, but Claire has more bad news, "As of noon, all of the Meade accounts have been cleared out. We're going to have to find that money, or this company is dead." 
Marc's loyalties are conflicted, but he hands Betty the address where Wilhelmina is meeting Connor. "You didn't get this from me. If you hurry you can still stop her." 
Daniel, Claire and Betty arrive at the airport to stop Wilhelmina. She tells them that if they thought she was running way with Connor, "You don't know me at all," just as the police, whom she called, arrive. But Connor's already gone. He calls to tell her he took an earlier flight and that he still loves her. 
"He asked me to choose, him or my career," Wilhelmina sadly tells Betty. "You have to make choices. You can't have it all. You are a career girl just like me. You'll see." 
Betty returns home to find Elena handing out presents from her trip to LA. Alone with her in the kitchen, Betty confides she might have just lost her job. She asks Elena if she ever had to make a choice between work and a personal life. "If I felt like that, I never would have met your father," she answers. Betty wistfully watches her father and Elena cuddling on the couch. She decides to accept Henry's friend request. Then she goes to find Matt at his usual bar, where she's just in time to bail him out from another cashless situation.
Molly is waiting at Daniel's office. He suspects she saw him looking at engagement rings, but she replies, "We don't have a future, because I don't have one. I'm sick. It's cancer. I beat it before and it's back." She insists she can't put him through what she put Connor through a few years ago, so she's going to go stay with her family. He begs her not to go, but she walks out. Claire, who witnessed the whole thing, comes to comfort him.
Music.
The ending song is sung by Other Lives, called "Black Tables".
Viewership.
This episode of "Ugly Betty", which posted a 4.6/7 and came in third behind "American Idol" on Fox and "" on CBS, hit below 7 million for the first time, and had lost 3 million viewers since the debut of Season 3. It was the lowest result for "Ugly Betty" at that point, at 6.78 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21466116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466116" title="The Mandelbaum Gate">
The Mandelbaum Gate

The Mandelbaum Gate is a novel written by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1965. The title refers to the Mandelbaum Gate in Jerusalem around which the novel is set. 
In 1965, it won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize that year. In 2012, it was shortlisted for the Best of the James Tait Black. It was included in Anthony Burgess's 1984 book "Ninety-Nine Novels: The Best in English since 1939 — A Personal Choice".
Plot introduction.
The book is set in Jerusalem in 1961 (with the backdrop of the Adolf Eichmann trial). Whilst on a pilgrimage to Holy Land, half Jewish Catholic-convert Barbara Vaughan is planning to meet her fiance Harry Clegg, an archeologist working in Qumran (where the Dead Sea Scrolls were found). To do this she must pass through the Mandelbaum Gate into Jordanian held Jerusalem; due to her Jewish roots this is a dangerous operation and she enlists the help of Freddy Hamilton, a staid British diplomat and various Arab contacts who may or may not be sympathetic to her cause...

</doc>
<doc id="21466139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466139" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Men's super combined">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Men's super combined

Complete results for men's super combined competition at the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009. It was run on 9 February, the sixth race of the championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21466173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466173" title="Claudius Weber">
Claudius Weber

Claudius Weber (born April 15, 1978 in Opole, Poland) is a German football player. As of February 2009, he plays for the German team Eintracht Wetzlar. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05.

</doc>
<doc id="21466202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466202" title="Same language subtitling">
Same language subtitling

Same language subtitling (abbr. SLS) refers to the practice of subtitling programs on TV in the same language as the audio. This method of subtitling is used by national television broadcasters in India, such as Doordarshan, and in China. This idea was struck upon by Brij Kothari, who believed that SLS makes reading practice an incidental, automatic, and subconscious part of popular TV entertainment, at a low per-person cost to shore up literacy rates in India.
SLS also refers to the classroom or educational use of synchronized captioning of musical lyrics (or any text with an Audio and/or Video source) as a Repeated Reading activity. The basic SLS reading activity involves students viewing a short subtitled presentation projected onscreen, while completing a response worksheet. Ideally, the subtitling should have high quality synchronization of audio and text, and text should change color in syllabic synchronization to audio model, and the source media should be dynamic and engaging.
History.
Brij Kothari was watching a Spanish film on video with English subtitles during a break from dissertation writing in 1996 the thought hit him that if all Hindi film songs were subtitled in Hindi, on television in India, it would bring about a revolution in literacy. Upon completion of his academic pursuits Kothari returned to India. In late 1996 he joined the faculty of the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad. While continuing to teach communication to MBA students, he started work on SLS and it became a project of IIM. The idea of SLS was first innovated, researched, pioneered and nationalized by the Centre for Educational Innovation, Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad under Brij Kothari. The program took off on a national scale by August 2002.
Historically, there have been many attempts to demonstrate that video captioning can impact learning for a wide range of readers. Before Kothari's study, most available research on captioning had demonstrated limited results. As a direct result of Kothari's success with subtitled music video there are several new related studies using technology and music video that are also showing remarkable results. Educational researchers are now advocating the addition of SLS style 'open' subtitling to music video on the web and across the world.
Implementation.
During the last 10 years in India, SLS has been implemented on Doordarshan’s film song programmes in Hindi, Bengali, Gujarati, Marathi, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Oriya, and Punjabi. Thus, for each language the subtitles are in the same language as the audio.
As such SLS creates a “what you hear is what you read” response among viewers, thus, reinforcing weak reading skills automatically and subconsciously.
A 2002-2007 Nielsen-ORG study demonstrated that the ability to read a paragraph among schoolchildren jumped from 25% to 56% when exposed to 30 minutes a week of the Rangoli program with subtitles. Over 90% said they prefer having subtitles on songs owing to their interest in the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="21466235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466235" title="John McCloskey (disambiguation)">
John McCloskey (disambiguation)

John McCloskey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21466304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466304" title="Out-wintering pads">
Out-wintering pads

Out-wintering pads (OWPs) allow livestock to be housed outdoors over winter on pads covered with timber residue. This facility is a low capital-cost cattle-housing system in which a layer of timber residue is placed over an artificially drained surface to control solid and liquid excreta from animal confinement.
Increasing numbers of cattle feedlots are utilizing timber residue bedding in their operations. Out-wintering pads provide a cost-effective method of keeping cattle off grazing land during winter. 
In addition, the use of OWPs creates a market for timber residues and completes the cycle for farm forestry from growing trees to the utilization of those trees on the farm, with the “spent” timber residues (STRs, timber residues soiled with animal excreta) having the potential to be applied to land as a source of organic matter and nutrients. Nutrients are retained in the waste timber and livestock effluent and can be recycled within the farm system 

</doc>
<doc id="21466305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466305" title="PNS Karsaz">
PNS Karsaz

PNS Karsaz is arguably the largest establishment in the Pakistan Navy. Its primary role is to conduct basic, mid career and advanced professional courses for all trades of technical branch and associated branches. 
PNS Karsaz is a large complex spread over 45.5 acres. It has the capacity to train about 2,000 trainees at a time, and is the largest establishment of technical training in Pakistan Navy. The establishment houses the main building, four schools, auditorium, library, computer centre, sports fields, swimming pools, living spaces and dining halls.
History.
Pakistan Navy at the time of independence only had a small workshop at Manora for technical training of officers and men. The need was immediately realized to establish a set-up at the earliest. As a first step Marine Training Establishment (MTE) was created at Manora in 1948. The facility was upgraded as an independent unit in Dec 1950. Subsequently, a new establishment was considered for commissioning in an area where future expansion could take place. HMPS Karsaz came into being on 24 Sep 1954. Later, the establishment was renamed as PNS Karsaz and was assigned an initial role to train mechanical branch artificers only. The infrastructure was designed for a total strength of 250 trainees extendable to 400. In 1955, Electrical training also commenced in Karsaz and thereafter electrical and mechanical schools started functioning along with PT school and NBCD School. PN Staff College and Supply School were later additions. 
PNS Karsaz has multidimensional responsibilities, with major focus on meeting new training needs. The unit is also entrusted with the responsibility for maintenance, upkeep and other miscellaneous issues of residential areas. Besides this, the security of unit and residential areas, through which a large number of service and civilian personnel pass daily, is the another major aspect.
The Unit has been hosting national and international level dignitaries over a span of last 6 decades. PNS Karsaz had the unique honour of hosting The Queen Elizabeth.
Status and use.
The cardinal aim is to impart professional, academic and practical training to Officers, CPOs, POs and Sailors of Operations, Marine Engineering, Aero technicians, Medical and Logistic branches of Pakistan Navy and similar trades of friendly countries. PNS Karsaz is committed to produce trained Technical Sailors who fulfill the requirements of Fleet/Naval Headquarters.
Training infrastructure.
The establishment has classrooms fitted with modern audio/visual devices including multimedia and computers. Four schools, namely: Marine Engineering, Weapon Engineering, NBCD and Physical Training School, conduct professional training in the respective disciplines. Each school is headed by Training Commander/Officer In Charge assisted by respective faculties. The schools update and carry out training needs analysis continuously as per the requirement of Fleet. The faculties of respective schools also arrange visits, seminars and guest speakers as part of the curriculum, and endeavor to acquire latest information and developments on respective subjects.
Weapon Engineering School.
Weapon Engineering School is mandated to impart training on operations and maintenance of shipborne communication equipment, sensors and combat systems. Modern warfare is based on fully integrated weapon suites comprising weapons, sensors and Command and Control systems; thereby dictating a need to have a competent and well trained manpower. Accordingly, WE School aims at technical and professional grooming of Pakistan Navy’s CPOs/Sailors; ensuring effective combat readiness. The labs available at the School are equipped with state of the art equipment, trainers and simulators to provide hands on training to PN personnel.
Marine Engineering School.
The Marine Engineering School imparts training to operate and maintain the main and auxiliary machinery fitted onboard Naval Ships. It is the only mechanical cum electrical training institute for CPOs/Sailors that impart training on maintenance and upkeep of all mechanical/electrical machinery and hull fittings fitted onboard PN ships, submarines and shore units.
NBCD School.
The NBCD School trains service personnel from PN and Foreign Navies in the discipline of Ship Damage Control and Fire fighting, NBC Warfare and First Aid. The school also imparts training to personnel associated with Merchant Navy, BOC and PARCO TOTAL.
Physical Training School.
The Physical Training School is responsible for the training of Chief Petty Officers (CPOs)/Sailors of Physical Training Branch, so that they attain the professional competence to perform the duties of Physical Instructors. 
Foreign trainees.
PNS Karsaz being fully equipped with modern workshops and professionally qualified instructors, has the capability to undertake the training of personnel from friendly countries. Trainees from Oman, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Maldives, Sri Lanka, Nigeria, Turkmenistan, and Bangladesh normally undergo training in various disciplines. 
Laboratories and workshops.
The Marine Engineering School has 8 laboratories and workshops. Olympus and Tyne gas turbine trainers including newly developed simulator for SCC, Type-21 ship are the most valuable addition to the existing training aids. Machine Shop has facilities for turning, milling, metal forming, grinding, shaping and cutting. 
Weapon Engineering School has 21 laboratories/workshops to give practical experience on simulators, which are used by trainees to enhance fault diagnosis and trouble-shooting skills. These labs provide an opportunity to supplement theoretical concepts with the help of practical demonstrations and experiments. In order to ensure currency of training, the facilities & infrastructure are continually upgraded in line with latest technical developments.
In NBCD School, the advance Damage Repair Training Simulator (DRTS) is under construction which will provide a realistic damage control environment to the trainees. The school conducts fire fighting exercises using a modern fire fighting mockup. For realistic demonstration of ship stability, various models are available in the school. First Aid Training is also part of the school's curriculum. A latest CPR Training simulator is also available at the school.
Extracurricular activities.
Apart from formal classroom instructions, extracurricular activities are an important ingredient of the training system at Karsaz, as these help in developing the qualities like leadership, comradeship and effective power of expression in a trainee. The extracurricular activities include sports, hobbies club, dramatic club, declamation contests and quiz competitions. 
Information technology.
PNS Karsaz attempts to keep the trainees abreast of the rapidly growing field of IT. There are more than 120 PC workstations in four different computer labs. "Net Café" has also been set up to facilitate the trainees and staff. In addition, a state of the art, internal local area network along with servers is in place to augment the training setup. 
Computer-based training (CBT).
PNS Karsaz has adopted contemporary training methodology in the form of a blended approach that entails computer-based as well as conventional learning methods. The CBT classroom environment provides simplified explanation of difficult theoretical concepts through 2D/3D graphical/animated content.
Projects.
“Design and Make” Projects are allocated to groups of trainees to enhance their innovative technical skills. Most of the projects relate to the actual engineering problems and enhancement of skills required for problem diagnosis and solutions. 
Training / education / courses offered.
PNS Karsaz schools are imparting Basic, Mid Career and Advance level of Professional Training/Education to the trainees of entire Pakistan Navy. 
End note.
PNS Karsaz is an all encompassing facility for technical training up to Diploma level. Labs and well equipped workshops provide ample opportunity for hands on training and clarity of concepts. Physical and sports facilities accommodate the physical and mental health of the trainees. All these facilities grouped together.

</doc>
<doc id="21466311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466311" title="Art Porter, Sr.">
Art Porter, Sr.

Art Porter, Sr. (8 February 1934 - 1993) was an American jazz pianist from Little Rock, Arkansas. During his musical career, he performed with the Art Porter Trio, founded in 1962, and the Art Porter Singers, founded in 1976. Although primarily playing locally, Porter played FESTAC 77, the World Black and African Festival of Arts and Culture held in Nigeria in 1977, and with saxophonist son Art Porter, Jr. did a European tour in 1991 that included festivals in Belgium, Germany, and the Netherlands.
Porter was also known as an educator. An alum of AM&N College (1954, BA in Music Education) and Henderson State University (1975, MS in Music Education), Porter taught at various high schools and colleges, including Parkview High School in Little Rock, Mississippi Valley College and Philander Smith College. In addition to producing several education television shows, "The Minor Key" and "Porterhouse Cuts" (the latter of which was broadcast throughout 14 states in the US southeast), he is known for his musical influence on former United States President Bill Clinton.
In 1993, Porter received the inaugural Lifetime Achievement Award from the Arkansas Jazz and Heritage Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21466320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466320" title="John McCloskey (pitcher)">
John McCloskey (pitcher)

James John McCloskey was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of two seasons, and , for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="21466338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466338" title="Kristo Aab">
Kristo Aab

Kristo Aab (born June 23, 1985, in Tartu) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays for Valga/CKE Inkasso.

</doc>
<doc id="21466361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466361" title="Elizabeth Post">
Elizabeth Post

Elizabeth L. Post (May 7, 1920 – April 24, 2010) was an etiquette writer and the granddaughter-in-law of the etiquette writer Emily Post.
Post (née Elizabeth Lindley) was born in Englewood, New Jersey, on May 7, 1920, the third child of Allen Ledyard Lindley and Elizabeth Ellsworth Lindley. She was the great-granddaughter of Cyrus Field.
Elizabeth Lindley's first husband was Lt. George Eustis Cookman, USN, who was killed in action in 1943. She married Emily Post's only grandchild, William Goadby Post, in 1944.
She succeeded Emily Post, at The Emily Post Institute and worked for more than 30 years there as director. Mrs. Post revised and updated "Emily Post's Etiquette" five times from 1965 to 1992, with her last revision selling more than 80,000 copies. Additionally, she wrote a monthly column for Good Housekeeping magazine entitled "Etiquette for Everyday." She authored more than ten other books, including "Emily Post's Complete Book of Wedding Etiquette," "Emily Post on Business Etiquette," and "Emily Post on Entertaining,".
She retired in 1995 and was succeeded by her daughter-in-law Peggy Post in her duties at the Emily Post Institute and Good Housekeeping column.
Mrs. Post was known to family and friends as "Libby". 
According to Peggy Post; "Libby was very open minded, fair and flexible," said daughter-in-law Peggy Post on Tuesday. "She was full of common sense and kindness. Not at all pretentious and not at all stuffy." 
Post enjoyed fishing alongside her husband, and she landed the largest tarpon caught by a woman in the United States.
Post died on April 24, 2010, in Naples, Florida, at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="21466370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466370" title="Naked as Advertised">
Naked as Advertised

"Naked as Advertised (Versions '08)" is the eighth full-length studio album released by the British Synthpop group Heaven 17, released in 2008. It is a new nine track album containing new versions of some of their biggest hits as well covers and two reworkings of early Human League songs. Following the departure of Ian Craig Marsh, this is the first Heaven 17 album with the band consisting of the duo of Glenn Gregory and Martyn Ware.
External links.
Just Music - Naked as Advertised

</doc>
<doc id="21466371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466371" title="Helsinki Burlesque Festival">
Helsinki Burlesque Festival

The Helsinki Burlesque Festival is an annual burlesque festival held in Helsinki, Finland, in late winter every year. The festival was started in 2008 by the Hulapirates Team (Bettie Blackheart, Frank Doggenstein and Kiki Hawaiji). Since 2010, the festival has been produced by Bettie Blackheart and Frank Doggenstein from the Helsinki Burlesque organization.
The festival lasts approximately one week, starting on Friday and ending on Sunday the following week, although not all days have events. The main event is held on Saturday on the second week, and consists mainly of performances by various burlesque artists. Events have so far been held in:
As well as the main event, the festival also includes drawing classes and workshops for aspiring burlesque artists. Related exhibitions are also held around Helsinki. 

</doc>
<doc id="21466399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466399" title="Radovan Nastić">
Radovan Nastić

Radovan Nastić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Настић), also known as Bensedin, born 15 February 1975, in Belgrade (Serbia).
Early life.
He is a multimedia artist – active in performing arts, writer, performer, photojournalist and a radio host. He is a Straight edge follower, and activist against animal cruelty.
Nastić is Serbian Team champion in (Serbian Middle Schools), and he is fan of soccer team F.K. Rad.
He is on B92 radio since February 1995. Also worked at a radio station SKC from 2004–2006 on early morning shows and collage show with hard core band 36 Daggers.
Nastić contributed for daily newspapers Glas Javnosti, radio show on Pancevo local radio, and to two blogs at maniac.blog.hr and trablmejker.com.
Books.
After writing for guide in Belgrade culture "Beorama", his first book consisted of his published stories. The book "Bensedin" was followed by "...I Napravim se da je sve u redu" ("And everything is in order"); "Rejcel, Ljubavna prica" ("Rachel, A Love Story"); "Nize nego ljudski" ("Less than human"); "Tri Dana u Kinsasi" ("Three Days in Kinshasa").<br>
Nastić performed in "creative showdown between comics and literature" with well-known comic authors and writers such as Oto Oltvanji and Aleksandar Zograf. The story "Larisa" from the book "Bensedin" was illustrated by Johanna Maracade. Nastić participated in Balkan poetry compilation Urban Poorness Heroes, later published by UG Trablmejker. "Trablmejker" represents group of younger enthusiasts whose primary goal is to rise underground subculture to the mainstream.
Performances.
Grand Prix D'Amour – "Love Poem Competiotion"- at 2000 in Berlin and first time in Belgrade in 2009 at Cultural Center Rex. Nastić participated with love poem between James Dean and Ana-Maria Pier Angeli.
'Poetry Nights' at Rex – reading poetry, stories, performances. Presented one part of his book "Rachel, A Love Story".
Exhibits.
Zrenjanin, 2007, group exhibit "30x30". Nastić represented "Serbian National Flag" consisted of golden painkillers as a frame and background filled with used sedative boxes. The three lag colors were represented by one blue, one red, one white syringe defined as dystopian concept of our present.
Rex, 2008, exhibit "Nize nego ljudski" ("Less than human"). Nastić's text were covered by Croatian artist Tajana Sizdrak.
Radio Shows.
Nastić's career as a radio host took off when joining Nenad Dzoni Rackovic and Uros Djuric in 'Ritam Herca All Stars' in 1995 at B92. Nastić also worked as journalist-reporter throughout Serbia for "Miniatures from culture." At the present, he host Sportski Ritam Srca and Razglas-Urbane Legedne i mitovi on Radio B92.

</doc>
<doc id="21466409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466409" title="Rice production in Thailand">
Rice production in Thailand

Rice production in Thailand represents a significant portion of the Thai economy and labor force.
Thailand has a strong tradition of rice production. It has the fifth-largest amount of land under rice cultivation in the world and is the world's second largest exporter of rice. Thailand has plans to further increase its land available for rice production, with a goal of adding 500,000 hectares to its already 9.2 million hectares of rice-growing areas.
The Thai Ministry of Agriculture expects rice production to yield around 30 million tons of rice for 2008. The most produced strain of rice in Thailand is jasmine rice, which is a higher quality type of rice. However, jasmine has a significantly lower yield rate than other types of rice, but it also normally fetches more than double the price of other strains in a global market.
Pre-World War II history.
Until the 1960s, rice planting in Thailand consisted mainly of peasants farming small areas and produced modest amounts of rice (subsistence agriculture). The Chao Phraya River delta was the hub of rice production. Agriculture constituted a large portion of the total production of Thailand and most Thais worked on farms. The extreme focus on agriculture arose for two main reasons, the vast amount of land available for farming and the government's policies to clear more land and protect peasants' rights. The government helped peasants gain access to land and protected them from aristocratic landlords.
Due to the government's stance, urban merchants were unable to gain much control over the Thai rice industry. The government concerned itself with protecting farmers and not with overall production. As a result, Thailand was relatively self-sufficient, resistant to government invention, mobile, and egalitarian. Most rice farmers owned their own land and exchange labor between farmers was common. Rice production normally was not much more than the farmers needed to survive on.
Post-World War II history.
As Europe was starting to come together on many issues including agricultural policy (including price supports), Thailand was starting to protect its rice farmers less and work with the merchants more. The government started worrying about increasing production and exploiting more surplus from the rice industry. Thailand turned to the merchants to put on this pressure and it worked very well.
Government policy.
The government wanted to promote urban growth and one of the ways it accomplished this was by taxing the rice industry and using the money in big cities. In fact, during 1953, tax on rice accounted for 32 percent of government revenue. The government set a monopoly price on exports, which increased tax revenue and keep domestic prices low for Thailand. The overall effect was a type of income transfer from farmers to the government and to urban consumers (who purchased rice). These policies on rice were called the "rice premium," which was used until 1985 when the government finally gave into political pressure. The shift away from protecting the peasant rice farmers by the government moved the rice industry away from the egalitarian values that were enjoyed by farmers to more of a modern-day, commercial, profit-maximizing industry.
The Thai government had strong incentives to increase rice production and they were successful in most of their plans. The government invested in irrigation, infrastructure, and other pro-rice projects. The World Bank also provided finance for dams, canals, locks, ditches, and other infrastructure in the Greater Chaophraya Project. Additionally, pro-small farm mechanization policies that at one once protected agro-machinery manufacturers from outside competition but also had a strong policy for small machinery research and development that resulted by the late 1990s in nearly 2 million locally produced two-wheel tractors in use, as well as 1 million axial flow pumps for irrigation, hundreds of thousands of small horsepower rice threshers and more recently 10,000 small horsepower caterpillar track propelled combines that are able to harvest in Thailand's rice farmers small, fragmented, and still wet fields 
With the combination of improved access to water and machinery these policies helped lead rice land to increase from 35 million to 59 million rai from 1950s to 1980s. The graph on the next page, Figure 2, shows the increased paddy rice production in Thailand from 1961 to 2007. The rice production has about tripled in terms of total paddy rice produced. While Thailand's rice production has not increased every year, which is not to be expected, one can see a trend line for steady significant increases since the 1960s.
Increased production.
A large portion of this rapid expansion was due to increased production of rice in northeast Thailand While in the past, central Thailand was the main producer of rice, northeast Thailand quickly caught up to a comparable amount of production. This was in part due to the new road systems between northeast Thailand and the shipping focused cities on the coastline. The villages that had a significant portion of rice production were also changing as farmers went from more subsistence practices to mostly wage labor (exchange labor also virtually disappeared).
Cows were being replaced for tractors to work on the farm and irrigation technology was updated in most villages. The green revolution was just starting to spread among the world’s agricultural industries. Rice farmers and merchants took advantage of new rice varieties, strains, fertilizers, and other technological advances. The International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) was also disseminating knowledge, technology, new rice strains, and other information to rice producers in Thailand. From the 1950s to 1970’s rice production per unit of land increased by almost 50 percent.
By the end of 2012, Thailand had around 17 million tonnes of milled rice in stockpiles. It plan export a large part of it through government-to-government contracts in 2013. It lost the spot of Top Rice exporting country in 2012 been beaten by India and Vietnam.
Effects on low-income farmers.
While all of these advances helped improve overall production of rice in Thailand, many low-income farmers in Thailand were left worse off. Many peasants were unable to hold onto to their land that they used to harvest rice on and had to become tenants to survive. The government would always expect tax revenue, even during a bad year, and this pushed many low-income farmers even closer to the margin. New technologies also pushed up the entrance cost of rice farming and made it harder for farmers to own their land and produce rice.
Farmers that already had somewhat large scale operations or could afford all the new chemicals, rice strains, and tractors benefited greatly while the normal peasant was turned from a land owning rice producer to a manual laborer on others land. To examine the efficiency of rice fields the graph shown in Figure 4 displays the increased productivity of the land. The yield of paddy rice in Thailand is clearly rising since 1961 in the graph. The yield is measured by dividing tons of rice produced by hectares of rice land.
Importance of Rice.
Rice has many important roles in Thai society from food to work. Rice uses over half of the farmable land area and labor force in Thailand . It is one of the main foods and sources of nutrition for most Thai citizens. Rice is also of the main components of Thai exports. The Thai rice industry also faces a few big threats. According to Setboonsarng the top three threats are, “(i) increase in competition in the international market; (ii) growing competition with other economic activities that increases the cost of production, especially the labour cost; and (iii) degradation of ecological conditions. Rice research has to address these challeneges.”
As the world becomes economically “flatter,” and the rice production around the world become more competitive, it becomes harder for Thailand to keep its competitive advantage and the margins Thai rice producers have been used to. For the second threat, the modernization of Thailand has led to an increase in wealth and the cost of labor, making it more expensive for rice farmers that use cheap manual labor. Third, the massive amount of land used for rice can have long term adverse effects on the yields of the land.
Traditions.
Rain-making ceremonies are common for rice farmers in Thailand. One such ceremony happens in Bangkok involves the lord of the Royal Plowing Ceremony throwing rice seeds as he walks around the Grand Palace as the Crown Prince of Thailand watches. Another tradition that is common to central Thailand is a Cat Procession. This involves villagers carrying a cat around and throwing water at it, due to the belief that a “crying” cat brings a fertile rice crop.
Possible cartel.
Thailand has at times considered creating a rice cartel with Vietnam, Burma, Laos, and Cambodia. The purpose would be to control production and set prices similar to the OPEC cartel that controls production of oil. Thailand had even submitted a proposal to the other countries for the organization but it was retracted in 2008. Many analysts believe that such a price setting organization will not work due to the inability of cooperation between all of the countries and their lack of control over farmer’s production. Thailand is now looking at creating a more forum based international organization to discuss supplies and yields of rice.
Noppadon Pattama, the foreign minister of Thailand, wants to call the forum the Council on Rice Trade Cooperation and was planning, as of May 2008, to invite; China, India, Pakistan, Cambodia, Burma, and Vietnam. Pattama has also said the potential new international forum will not replicate any of the work done by the International Rice Research Institute. The Institute was formed in 1960 to, “…improve the health of rice farmers and consumers, and ensure that rice production is environmentally sustainable” in the Southeast Asian region.

</doc>
<doc id="21466433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466433" title="Luis Ubiñas">
Luis Ubiñas

Luis Antonio Ubiñas (born 1963) Is an American businessman and the ninth president of the Ford Foundation.
Early life.
Ubiñas grew up in the South Bronx in New York City spending much of his early life in public housing. His family migrated from Puerto Rico in the 1950s. His mother was a seamstress. Access to education proved transformative in his life. With the help of scholarships and financial aid, he graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College in 1985 with a degree in Government. Among other honors, he was a Truman Scholar. In 1989 he graduated from Harvard Business School[a as a Baker Scholar, highest honors.
Career.
McKinsey & Company.
Ubiñas spent 18 years at McKinsey & Company. At McKinsey, he worked with telecommunications, technology and media companies. He led McKinsey's Media Practice on the West Coast working primarily on leading major change programs. At McKinsey, he led major restructurings at several national and international media companies. He was among the firm's early leaders in its internet, wireless and social media work. His practice was global with substantive work in Europe, Asia and South America. He spoke extensively on digital media issues in forums worldwide.
Ford Foundation.
Ubiñas named president of the Ford Foundation in August 2007. During his time as President, Ubiñas restructured the organization. He developed and implemented a new program strategy focused on a contemporary reconceptualization of the social justice issues which had long defined Ford's work, in the process the number of initiatives the Foundation engaged in was reduced from 208 to 34. Core to the new operating strategy was deepened engagement with grantees, allowing for greater impact. Ubiñas also redesigned the Foundation's operations to release funds from internal spending to external grant making and improving responsiveness to grantees, reducing operating expenses by more than 20%. As part of the restructuring, Ubinas also reinvested over 80% of the organization’s $11 billion endowment, improving returns while reducing volatility. After six years as President of the Foundation, Ubiñas announced that he would be stepping down from his role in September 2013. Darren Walker replaced Ubiñas as president of Ford Foundation. Mr. Walker was hired by Ubiñas in 2011.
At Ford he launched a range of national and international campaigns including: "Girls not Brides", a global effort to reduce child marriage; "JustCities", a multi-city effort to advance sustainable and inclusive development; "More and Better Learning Time", an effort focused on expanding and redesigning the school day in the United States. Ubiñas also expanded the Foundation's work in the Arts, co-leading the creation of "ArtSpace", a national program to support the arts as both cultural and economic anchors for communities.
Other Activities.
Ubiñas serves on several local, national and international Boards in both the nonprofit and private sectors. Locally, he serves on the Board of Trustees for Collegiate School and The New York Public Library. He is also a Member of the Board of Directors of Valassis Communications as well as the Board of Directors of Electronic Arts. He serves as Advisory Committee Member for One Hundred Thousand Strong Initiative, the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiation and the Advisory Committee for the Export-Import Bank of the United States. Ubiñas is also the Northwest Regional Chair for White House Fellows.
Recent Awards.
Leadership In Advancement of Civil Rights and Human Rights 2013, NAACP
Raul Yzaguirre President's Award for Leadership 2013, National Council of La Raza
Fischer Keeper of the Vision Award 2013, National Public Housing Museum
Reina Sofia Medal for Cultural Leadership 2013, Spanish Institute
Access to the Arts Award 2013, Symphony Space
Personal life.
His wife, Deborah Tolman, is a feminist scholar. They have two sons, Max and Ben.

</doc>
<doc id="21466437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466437" title="Joe Dini">
Joe Dini

Joseph E. (Joe) Dini, Jr. (March 28, 1929 – April 10, 2014) was a Nevada state assemblyman and casino owner from Yerington, Nevada. In 1996 Dini was ranked the tenth most influential Nevadan in a survey conducted by the "Las Vegas Sun", a list that included Steve Wynn, Bill Raggio, then Governor Bob Miller and former Governor Mike O'Callaghan. 
Political career.
Dini was elected to the Nevada State Assembly for the 38th district (which includes Lyon County, Storey Countey and parts of Carson City) in 1967 and served until 2001 in four special sessions and eighteen regular sessions, making him the longest serving assemblyman in Nevada history. He served as the Speaker of the Assembly for eight sessions at various times between 1977 and 1999, the most sessions in Nevada Assembly history. At one point later in his political career he considered running for Governor of the State of Nevada, but did not. Dini also served as Majority Floor Leader in 1975. He was added to the Assembly Wall of Distinction (established by the Assembly of the Legislature of the State of Nevada to recognize members who have served with great distinction and made exemplary contributions to the State of Nevada) in recognition of his many years of service in the State Assembly and as Speaker of the Assembly.
He died at a hospital in Reno, Nevada on April 10, 2014.
Dini's Lucky Club.
In 1960 Joe Dini, Jr. purchased Dini's Lucky Club (one of two casinos in Yerington, Nevada) from his father Giuseppe "Joe" Dini, Sr., who had opened the now self-proclaimed "oldest family owned casino in Nevada" in 1933 under the name the Wooden Shoe Club. The casino has been owned by his sons George and Jay since 2007 with Joe Dini sitting as "chairman emeritus".

</doc>
<doc id="21466442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466442" title="Brian Hillier">
Brian Hillier

Brian Hillier (1943 – 23 October 2008) was a football chairman most notable for being chairman of Swindon Town.
A lifelong Swindon Town supporter, he became chairman of the club in 1984 when they were in the Football League Fourth Division - the lowest division of the Football League. He appointed legendary Manchester United striker Lou Macari as player-manager and in 1986 Swindon Town won promotion from the Fourth Division as champions with a then national league record of 102 points. In 1987 a second successive promotion took Hillier's team into the Football League Second Division, where they had not played for more than a decade previously.
However, Hillier was arrested on suspicion of defrauding the Inland Revenue in January 1990 and was also suspected of placing a bet against his own team losing an FA Cup tie in the 1987-88 season. His team won promotion to the Football League First Division (top division of English football) four months later but shortly afterwards were found guilty on 36 charges of financial irregularities. This resulted in Sunderland being promoted in their place, and Swindon Town being relegated to the Football League Third Division with their place in the Second Division going to Tranmere Rovers. The club won some respite when they were reinstated to the Second Division on appeal, a decision that infuriated Tranmere Rovers.
Meanwhile, Hillier was forced to leave Swindon Town after receiving a six-month ban from football as penalty for the illegal bet. He, along with chief accountant Vince Farrar and former manager Lou Macari were committed for trial at Winchester Crown Court. On 29 July 1992, Macari was cleared of tax offences but Hillier and Farrar were both found guilty. Hillier received a one-year prison sentenced (later halved on appeal) and Farrar received a suspended six-month prison sentence. Hillier's ban from football was increased to three years.
After his ban from football expired, Hillier returned to the game as chairman of non-league Calne Town (members of the Western Football League). He remained in this position until his death from a stroke in October 2008, at the age of 65.
[http://www.thisiswiltshire.co.uk/news/headlines/3826845.Hundreds_mourn_Calne_Town_chairman/]
[http://fchd.info/SWINDONT.HTM]
[http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/low/wales/1279300.stm]

</doc>
<doc id="21466444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466444" title="Drake (rapper)">
Drake (rapper)

Aubrey Drake Graham (born October 24, 1986), who records under the mononym Drake, is a Canadian recording artist, rapper, songwriter, and actor. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He first garnered recognition for his role as on the television series "". He later rose to prominence as a rapper, releasing several mixtapes like "Room for Improvement" before signing to Lil Wayne's Young Money Entertainment in June 2009.
Drake's EP, "So Far Gone" (2009), spawned the hit single "Best I Ever Had" and the moderate hit "Successful". His first studio album, "Thank Me Later" (2010), debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 and generated notable singles, "Over" and "Find Your Love". It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). His second album, "Take Care" (2011), is his most successful to date, topping charts in the United States and Canada and producing multiple hit singles, including "Headlines", "Take Care", "Make Me Proud", and "The Motto", the last of which is also credited for popularizing the widely used acronym YOLO. In promotion of "Take Care", Drake embarked on the worldwide Club Paradise Tour, which became the most successful hip-hop tour of 2012, grossing over $42 million. His third studio album "Nothing Was the Same" was released on September 24, 2013. It has so far been supported by the singles "Started from the Bottom" and "Hold On, We're Going Home".
Drake has sold over 5 million albums worldwide. His work has earned him a Grammy Award, three Juno Awards, six BET Awards, and set several significant "Billboard" records. With twelve number-one singles, Drake has more than any other artist on "Billboard'"s Hot Rap Songs chart. With ten number-one singles, he also has more than any other rapper on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, passing Jay-Z in August 2012. He is one of two artists (the other being 50 Cent) that has simultaneously occupied the chart's top three positions.
Drake, along with being a record producer under the pseudonym C. Papi, has also written songs for other artists, including Alicia Keys and Jamie Foxx and Trey Songz. He featured as a voice actor in "" as the mammoth Ethan. Drake was tied with Rihanna for the most nominations at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards. He was ranked No. 2 on MTV's Hottest MCs in the Game VII list in 2012. Drake became the #1 Rhythmic artist of 2012 based on Mediabase.
Life and career.
1986–2005: Early life and acting career.
Aubrey Drake Graham was born on October 24, 1986, in Toronto, Ontario, to parents Sandi Graham (née Sher), an educator, and Dennis Graham, a drummer who worked with Jerry Lee Lewis. Two of his uncles, Larry Graham and Teenie Hodges, are also musicians. Drake's father is an African-American from Memphis, Tennessee, and Drake's mother is a white Jewish Canadian. He attended a Jewish day school and had a Bar Mitzvah. His parents divorced when he was five years old, and he was raised by his mother in two Toronto neighbourhoods; he lived on Weston Road in the city's west end, until the sixth grade, when he moved to the affluent Forest Hill. As a youth, he played minor hockey with the Weston Red Wings. Drake has commented on the move to Forest Hill and his mother's struggle, saying that "She wanted the best for her family. She found us a half of a house we could live in. The other people had the top half, we had the bottom half. I lived in the basement, my mom lived on the first floor. It was not big, it was not luxurious. It was what we could afford." Drake then began attending Forest Hill Collegiate Institute, where he began acting, but did not graduate. It was the first of two high schools he would attend, as he later went to Vaughan Road Academy, describing it as "not by any means the easiest school to go to. It's a tough school." Despite dropping out of high school, years later, he graduated in October 2012.
At the age of 15, Drake met an agent, the father of a high school friend. The agent found Drake a role on the Canadian TV show "" as . In the show, Brooks is a basketball star who became physically disabled after he was shot by a classmate. Drake describes how his early acting career affected his family, "My mother was very sick. We were very poor, like broke. The only money I had coming in was off of Canadian TV, which isn't that much money when you break it down. A season of Canadian television is under a teacher's salary, I'll tell you that much. It's definitely not something to go fucking get." He would continue his acting career on "Degrassi: The Next Generation" until 2009, when his character graduated from Degrassi. Overall, he appeared in a total of 138 episodes.
Looking back on his early life, Drake had to essentially live two different lives because of his parents' divorce; he lived in a very upper-class part of Toronto, and, when in Memphis, was told he was "the furthest thing from hood." He witnessed many life-changing experiences because of this, one being his father's arrest, which he describes by saying "The fact that I didn't have a father, because he was in jail two separate times. He did a two-year bid and a three-year bid, I was there when he got taken down. We had just gotten back from Memphis." However, Drake comments on his childhood experiences by saying "I've seen things that didn't make me happy. They were character building. That's why I think people in the hood can still connect with what I'm saying even though I'm not saying 'yeah I got crack in my pocket' 'cause that wasn't my struggle necessarily, I speak from a place that's just human emotion." Drake stated that his parents' divorce greatly affected him as a person, saying, "I had to become a man very quickly and be the backbone for a woman who I love with all my heart, my mother." At the age of 24, Drake commented on his early life by saying "I've seen a lot, man. I've seen a lot of life, put it that way. I've been with the most blessed kids in the world. I've been with people whose life is right at the bottom of the barrel. I was on a TV show, I went to art school, I went to hood schools. I've lived. I've lived a full 24 years, man."
Around this time, Drake was dating fellow Canadian R&B singer Keshia Chanté.
2006–09: Mixtapes and "So Far Gone".
In 2006, Drake self-released his first mixtape "Room for Improvement". The mixtape features artists Trey Songz and Lupe Fiasco. He described it as "pretty straightforward, radio friendly, not much content to it." In a TeenNick interview from that time, he cited his influences as rappers Jay-Z, Clipse, Talib Kweli, Mos Def and singers Anthony Hamilton and Maxwell. In 2007, he released another mixtape, "Comeback Season", spawning a single and a music video for "Replacement Girl" featuring Trey Songz. Also in 2007, Drake became the first unsigned Canadian rapper to have his music video featured on BET when his first single, "Replacement Girl" was featured as the "New Joint of the Day" on April 30, 2007. It also contained a freestyle over a song with Lil Wayne, a remix of "Man of the Year" originally by Brisco and Flo Rida. In 2008, Lil Wayne was given some of Drake's music from Rap-A-Lot founder, J. Prince's son, Jas Prince, and he immediately called Drake to invite him to fly to Houston and tour with him. Drake and Wayne recorded a couple of songs during this time, including "Ransom", the original version of "I Want This Forever", and the remix to Drake's song, "Brand New". Though now part of Lil Wayne's crew, Young Money, Drake was not signed. On February 13, 2009, Drake released his third official mixtape, "So Far Gone", for free download on his blog site which included Drake's mentor Lil Wayne, Bun B, Omarion, Lloyd and his friend, Trey Songz. It received over 2,000 downloads in the first 2 hours of release. It was extremely successful in the underground and eventually made its way to radio. Due to the success of the mixtape's two singles, "Best I Ever Had" and "Successful", it was released as an EP featuring only five songs from the mix tape and one new song. MTV named it "The Hottest Mixtape of 2009 (So Far)". Since "So Far Gone", Drake worked with Rihanna, DJ Khaled, Young Money, Jay-Z, Kanye West, Eminem, Young Jeezy, Mary J. Blige, Timbaland, Birdman, Trey Songz, and Jamie Foxx. Drake has also written for Alicia Keys, and Dr. Dre. "So Far Gone" is credited as being his commercial and critical breakthrough as it was much more critically acclaimed and commercially successful than his previous two releases.
He achieved success before signing to a major record label, according to his management Hip Hop Since 1978. In June 2009, it was revealed that an unauthorized album entitled "The Girls Love Drake" and credited to Drake was up for sale on iTunes. A lawsuit was planned against the label.
On the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart of July 4, 2009, both "Best I Ever Had", and "Every Girl" by Young Money Entertainment entered the top ten at positions 3 and 10 respectively. Drake is only the second artist to have his first two top ten hits in the same week. The first was fellow Canadian Nelly Furtado who entered the top ten in 2001 with "I'm Like A Bird" the same week as Missy Elliott's "Get Ur Freak On", a remix of which included a credited contribution from Furtado. On June 29, 2009, it was confirmed, that Drake signed a record deal with Young Money Entertainment. This followed what "Billboard" purported to be "one of the biggest bidding wars ever". Drake toured with Wayne and other rap artists on the America's Most Wanted Tour. On July 31, 2009, Drake, who was performing on an already injured knee, fell on stage while performing "Best I Ever Had", with Lil Wayne in Camden, New Jersey. Drake underwent surgery on September 8, 2009 for a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his knee. He underwent rehabilitation and was soon able to walk.
On September 15, 2009, "So Far Gone" was released as a seven-track EP in which five of the tracks were from the original mixtape. It debuted at No. 6 on the "Billboard" 200. Since then the album was certified gold by the RIAA with over 500,000 copies sold in the United States. On April 18, 2010, the album won Rap Recording of the Year at the 2010 Juno Awards.
2010–11: "Thank Me Later".
Drake planned to release his official debut album, "Thank Me Later", in late 2008, but the album's release date was postponed, first to March 2010, then May 25, 2010. Universal Motown then stated the album had been pushed back three weeks for a June 15, 2010, release. "Thank Me Later" was finally released on June 15, 2010. On that day, 25,000 fans gathered at New York's South Street Seaport for a free concert by Drake and Hanson. A near-riot ensued after police canceled the show due to overflowing crowds. The week of the album's release, the album sold 447,000 copies and debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. Due to his first week sales, Drake had sold the most records for any hip hop artist in one week in 2010. Eminem surpassed that accomplishment a week later. The album has collaborations with the likes of Kanye West, Jay-Z and Lil Wayne while forgoing planned duets with Trey Songz and Danny!. On March 9, 2010, Drake released the first single from his "Thank Me Later" album, titled "Over". The song was well-received and performed well both commercially and critically. The song reached a peak of No. 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the Billboard Rap Songs chart. The song also received a nomination for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 53rd Grammy Awards.
On March 12, 2010, a version of K'naan's "Wavin' Flag" recorded by a collective of Canadian musicians known as Young Artists for Haiti was released. Drake is featured in the song, performing a solo verse near the end of the song. In June 2010, it was announced that Drake would have a prominent role in the video game "Gears of War 3". He was scheduled to play the part of Jace Stratton, but a scheduling conflict meant it went to someone else. On April 29, 2010, it was announced that Drake had finished "Thank Me Later". According to reports, Drake announced the completion of the album to a crowd during his April 26, 2010, show at the University of Missouri in Kansas City. His camp has since confirmed that Drake was finished with the final track to the album and the next single from the album would be titled "Find Your Love".
"Find Your Love" was released as the second single on May 5, 2010. Critics commended Drake's attempt to move into the singing lane on the song, and compared it to Kanye West's work on 808s & Heartbreak. The single became the most successful single from the album, peaking at number 5 on the Hot 100 and receiving a Platinum certification by the RIAA. "Find Your Love" also performed well internationally and was Drake's first top 40 appearance in the United Kingdom and Italy. To date it also remains Drake's only solo top 10 appearance in his home country of Canada. The music video for the single was shot in Kingston, Jamaica and tells the story of Drake being involved in a fateful encounter with a gang-affiliated woman. The video was criticized by Jamaica's minister of tourism, Edmund Bartlett who said "We just have to say that care has to be taken by all, including our creative artists, in portraying images of our destination and people, Gun culture, while not unique to Jamaica, is not enhancing island's image" The third single from the album, "Miss Me", featuring Lil Wayne, was released on June 1, 2010. The single proved to be moderately successful, and reached No. 15 on the Hot 100. The fourth and final single released from the album was "Fancy". The song was performed at the MTV Music Video Awards in 2010 with appearances by Swizz Beatz and Mary J. Blige in the performance. The song proved to be his least successful single of the era, peaking at No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100. However, it managed to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Rap Songs chart and received a nomination at the 53rd Grammy Awards for Best Rap Performance By A Duo Or Group. Drake hosted the first annual OVO (October's Very Own) Festival. In that festival he brought out the VIP list of rap stars including Jay-Z, Eminem, Rick Ross, Young Jeezy, Bun B and Fabolous. Drake kicked off his "Lights Dreams and Nightmares Tour" on September 20, 2010 in Miami, Florida. The tour traveled to major cities in the United States, winding down on November 6 in Las Vegas.
2011–12: "Take Care".
Drake's second studio album, "Take Care", was announced on November 17, 2010. It was originally scheduled to be released on October 24, 2011, though it was later delayed to November 15, 2011. In late January 2011, Indiewire announced that Drake was in negotiations to join Eva Green and Susan Sarandon in the cast of Nicholas Jarecki's forthcoming feature-film "Arbitrage". In April 2011, it was announced that he would no longer star in the movie in order to focus on the album. "Dreams Money Can Buy" and "Marvins Room" were released on Drake's October's Very Own Blog on May 20 and June 9, respectively. The former was not featured on the official tracklisting, while the latter was released as a promotional single through iTunes on July 22 after it gained considerable airplay on Urban radio. The song was certified Gold by the RIAA, peaked at number 21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and reached the top 10 of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. On June 28, the music video for "Marvins Room" was released, featuring him feeling depressed in a club.
"Headlines" was released as "Take Care"'s lead single on August 9, 2011. It was met with positive critical and commercial responses, reaching number 13 on the Hot 100 and was eventually certified Platinum in the United States and Canada. The song also became his tenth single to reach the summit of the "Billboard" Hot Rap Songs chart, which led him to be the artist with the most number 1 hits on the chart, a record which he still presently holds with 12 number one hits. The music video for the single was released on October 2, 2011, depicting Drake rapping in various locations around Toronto such as Guild Park and Rogers Centre. He performed "Headlines" on ice during the second intermission of the NHL All Star Game in his home country of Canada in January 2012.
"Make Me Proud" was released as the second single from the album on October 16, 2011, and features Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj. The single was commercially successful, reaching a peak position of number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100. It ties the record for largest jump on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for a male artist (with Akon's "Smack That"), when the song vaulted from number 97 to number 9 in an 88 position jump. The song also reached the peak of both the "Billboard" Rap Songs chart and the "Billboard" R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, marking Drake's eleventh and eighth number ones on both charts respectively. "Make Me Proud" became Drake's fourth consecutive single to receive a Platinum certification by the RIAA.
"The Motto" was released as "Take Care"'s third single on November 29, 2011, and features American rapper Lil Wayne. It became one of Drake's most successful singles, peaking at number 14 on the Hot 100 and topping the Rap and R&B/Hip-Hop songs charts, further extending his lead for most number one hits on the rap chart and matching a record set by fellow rapper Jay-Z, for most number one hits on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for a Rap artist. It is credited for popularizing the phrase "YOLO" in the United States, with the song's hook stating, "You only live once: that's the motto, nigga, YOLO." The song's music video was released on February 10, 2012, and features appearances by fellow Young Money rapper Tyga, E-40, and Mistah F.A.B..
The album's title track was released as the fourth single on February 21, 2012, and features Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It is Drake's biggest worldwide hit as a lead artist with the song being his first top 10 hit in Australia, Denmark, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. The single was certified 2× Platinum in the United States for sales of over 2,000,000 units, being the second single after "The Motto" to do so. The music video for the single was released after many delays on April 6, 2012, simultaneously with the music video for the fifth single "HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right)". The video for "Take Care" depicts various scenes of both Drake and Rihanna embracing along with various scenes of natural landscapes and wildlife. Critically, the video was praised, with MTV stating, "None of his contemporaries — not even the ever-obtuse Kanye - make videos like this, mostly because no one else can get away with it." The music video received four nominations at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Male Video, Best Art Direction, Best Cinematography, and Video of the Year. The fifth single from "Take Care", "HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right)" was released on April 24, 2012 and was the least successful single from the album, peaking at No. 62 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified Gold by the RIAA, indicating sales of over half a million units. The Judaism themed video for the song won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Hip-Hop Video. In December 2012, FUSE TV named "HYFR" one of the top 40 songs of 2012.
2012–present: OVO Sound and "Nothing Was the Same".
Drake and producer Noah "40" Shebib formed a record label named OVO Sound in early 2012. Drake and 40 represented OVO (October's Very Own) since his previous mixtapes were released. The label is currently distributed by Warner Bros. Records. The label signed its first artist who goes by PartyNextDoor and also signed producers Boi-1da, T-Minus, and Mike Zombie. In 2012, Jake One produced a song for Drake, originally expected to be released ahead of the third annual OVO Fest. A video of Drake previewing the untitled song while smoking a hookah was released on June 26, 2012 through Vimeo. In the event, the previously unissued "Enough Said" by Aaliyah featuring verses added by Drake was released instead on the day of the concert.
While touring in the UK in support of "Take Care", Drake announced in an interview that he had begun work on his third studio album. He had recently worked with 40, and was hoping to work with Jamie xx, who produced "Take Care"'s title track, while in the UK, stating that he wants him to "have a bigger presence on my third record". Drake has stated that the album will have a different style than that of "Take Care".
Drake was featured on Rick Ross's single "Diced Pineapples" from "God Forgives, I Don't", Kendrick Lamar's song "Poetic Justice" from "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City", and ASAP Rocky's "Fuckin' Problems" from "Long. Live. ASAP", which also features Kendrick Lamar and 2 Chainz. On December 5, 2012, it was announced Drake's record label, October's Very Own, inked a distribution deal with Warner Bros. Records.
In January 2013, Drake was seen filming the music video for a new song titled "Started from the Bottom" and was being directed by Director X. Drake later announced that he will release the song as the first single off his third studio album on the night of the 55th Grammy Awards. The single was instead premiered on February 1, 2013 and released to iTunes five days later. At the 55th Grammy Awards, he won the award for Best Rap Album for "Take Care" and announced his third studio album would be titled "Nothing Was the Same". In March 2013 he would premiere a song off the album titled "5 AM in Toronto", a sequel to the "Thank Me Later" track "9 AM in Dallas". Later in the month he would film a music video for the song and it would be released on April 1, 2013. Drake also would release two more songs on April 15, 2013 titled "No New Friends", a song that will be featured on DJ Khaled's "Suffering from Success" album, and "Girls Love Beyonce", which contains a samples from Destiny's Child song "Say My Name". On September 14, 2013, Drake performed an unreleased song from his upcoming album "Nothing Was the Same", titled "Too Much", featuring London singer Sampha on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". He also announced that his "Would You like a Tour?" tour will begin in October 2013. Drake made his "Saturday Night Live" hosting debut on January 19, 2014; also serving as the musical guest. The episode received acclaim from critics who praised Drake's acting ability and comedic timing.
Artistry.
Influences.
Drake stated that Kanye West, Jay-Z, Aaliyah and his mentor Lil Wayne are his biggest influences. Drake refers to Kanye West as one of his idols and favorite rappers in hip hop. He expanded on this by commenting in an interview with MTV: "I can never sit here and tell you that's not one of my idols, that's not one of my favorite rappers. Whatever energy I've ever felt is irrelevant. When you ask me, 'What do I think of Kanye West,' I'mma always have something positive to say." Drake's musical abilities have often been compared to West. He commented on this by saying, "It's an honor, when I was a kid trying to figure out what I liked, it was 'he who I related to the most. He was an artist, in every sense, from his cover art to his music. Now, I would say, he is really great, competitor...and friend, at the same time. My goal is to surpass everything he's accomplished. I don't want to be as good as Kanye, I want to be better."
In an interview with SoulCulture TV Drake stated that R&B singer Aaliyah has had the biggest influence on his career. "Aaliyah has had probably the most impact on my career," he states, "because when I made a choice to start singing it was because of something that my father had told me which was, 'There's no rapper out there that sings and raps and does both things well... and in order to be successful you're gonna need something other than just what everyone else is doing.' I was rapping already at the time so I had an identity in rap, but when I started singing I needed something to reference. I needed someone to be like, 'I wanna be like that'. I didn't want it ever to be a male because then I would sound like that person, so I just found comfort in all of Aaliyah's music and her melody choices and the things that she talks about – and how she always conveyed these amazing emotions but never got too sappy, she always kept it G. That had the biggest influence on my music because – as much as my music may be geared towards women – I try not to make it so that only women can sing it."
Musical style.
Drake's lyrics often discuss themes of wealth, fame and past relationships. Allmusic describes Drake's moods as searching, thoughtful, introspective, brooding, confident, dramatic, earnest, energetic, humorous, intense, laid-back/mellow, literate, melancholy, nostalgic, playful, reflective, smooth, tender, warm and yearning. Drake's sound is labeled as "soft" for his genuine, merciful lyrics and soulful melody to most hip hop listeners. He denied this by saying "I'm not soft. I'm just not one of those people who's closed off emotionally." A large portion of Drake's work incorporates elements of both rapping and singing, which has led to him being unique as a recording artist. Drake has even described himself as "the first person to successfully rap and sing." He went on further about his statement by saying "I'm one of the few artists who gets to be himself every day. It doesn't take me six hours to get ready and I don't have to wake up in the morning and remember to act like this or talk like this. I just have to be me. That's one of the favourite parts of my life - I've done this purely by being myself."
Drake has a unique musical style that has set him apart from his (Young Money) counterparts. Regarding Drake's album "Take Care", Lil Wayne commented on the project prior to its release that "I can tell, you know, I don't know nothing else out there that can touch it, including my stuff. That kid is on another planet." Recently, Drake has been making a notable shift away from Young Money/Cash Money collaborations and towards a new project, OVOXO. The OVO owl symbolizes OVOXO, which is a separate entity from Young Money/Cash Money and represents a collaboration group between Drake and R&B singer The Weeknd. Its eyes and beak form the acronym for October's Very Own. Drake has been moving in this new direction after the release of "Take Care", which featured writing collaborations with The Weeknd on 5 tracks ranging from "Crew Love" to "Shot for Me" and 2 production collaborations on "Crew Love" and "The Ride", more than any Young Money/Cash Money collaboration.
Feuds.
The first artist to publicly disparage Drake via song lyrics was Pusha T. He remixed Drake's "Dream Money Can Buy" and released a single called "Exodus 23:1" on Kanye West's GOOD Music label. Lil Wayne and Drake both responded to the track. Pusha T has stated that he has failed to respond to Lil Wayne's insults because he felt they were unworthy of response. Drake and Pusha T have yet to resolve their public disagreements. During the "Take Care" era, Drake faced numerous attacks from other rappers. Common released a song entitled "Sweet" (See "The Dreamer/The Believer"), which included lyrics critical of rappers who sing, although this criticism was not aimed specifically at Drake. Drake took offense and responded by releasing "Stay Schemin'" with Rick Ross and French Montana. Common's only subsequent public comment on the feud was to state that it was over.
Drake and Chris Brown were allegedly involved in a physical altercation on June 14, 2012, when Drake and his entourage allegedly threw glass bottles towards Chris Brown at a nightclub called WIP in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Chris Brown tweeted personal information referencing the situation, and while afterwards he deleted the tweets, he then released what appeared to be a Drake diss record a few weeks later. It is unclear why they clashed. Drake dated Rihanna (not long after the domestic violence case caused by her ex) in 2009. They have remained romantic friends since then. 
Ludacris dissed Drake, Big Sean, and Shawn Jay from Field Mob on his song "Bada Boom". Big Sean felt that he invented the "supa dupa flow". Ludacris mimicked the flow in his song "My Chick Bad". Drake also mimicked the flow in his song "Forever". Ludacris and Big Sean have both indicated that they have since resolved their differences.
Toronto Raptors.
On September 30, 2013, Drake was announced as the new "global ambassador" for the Toronto Raptors, thereby joining the executive committee of his hometown's National Basketball Association (NBA) team. In this role, he will help promote and serve as a host of festivities for the 2016 NBA All-Star Game, to be held in Toronto, as well as provide consulting services to rebrand the team and redesign its image and clothing line, in honour of its upcoming 20th anniversary, in the 2014–15 season. The job includes his own staff, located in an office next to that of Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment CEO Tim Leiweke. In announcing the position, Drake noted that, "obviously, I won't be able to be in the building every day but I am extremely dedicated to it...I do take it very seriously as a new job and a new chapter in my life."

</doc>
<doc id="21466455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466455" title="Dini's Lucky Club">
Dini's Lucky Club

Dini's Lucky Club is a casino in Yerington, Nevada and purports to be the "Oldest family owned casino in Nevada" (since 1933).
History.
Dini's was founded in downtown Yerington 1933 as the Wooden Shoe Club by Giuseppe "Joe" Dini, Sr., in 1938 it moved and was renamed "Joe Dini's lucky club." In 1960 the business was purchased by Joe Dini, Jr., Giuseppe's son, who would later become the longest serving member in Nevada State Assembly history. Following a series of expansions and acquisitions of buildings adjacent to the existing property, Dini's has expanded to include a main casino, restaurant, and bar & lounge. Dini's is now owned by Joe Jr.'s two sons George and Jay.

</doc>
<doc id="21466465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466465" title="List of Hindu temples in Indonesia">
List of Hindu temples in Indonesia

This is a list of Hindu temples and their remains in Indonesia.
Some in temples Java have a mix of Hindu and buddhist features which has made attribution and original purpose against later usage difficult to ascertain.
Hindu in Indonesia is multi-ethnic, such as Bali, Java, Dayak, Karo, Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Punjabi, Chinese, and other races.
Hindu temples from one ethnic is different from Hindu temples from the other ethnic.
We can see that Hindu Tamil temples are usually known by gopuram above the main gate.
Different from Hindu Bali temples which have not gopuram above the temples.
Hindu Bali is most concentrated in Bali and some other cities in Indonesia.
In Bali, we can find Hindu Bali temples (Pura) easily.
Outside Bali, we can find it too but not too many.
Tamil Hindus are most concentrated in North Sumatera.
The capital city of North Sumatera is Medan.
There are so many Indian community in Medan, such as Tamil, Benggali, Punjabi, Malayalam, Telugu, Hindi, and Sindhi.
We can find about 40 Hindu Tamil temples in Medan and nearby.
Hindu Bali temples is only 2 in North Sumatera (Pura Agung Raksa Bhuana, Medan Polonia and one again in Langkat).
Balaji Venkateshvara Temple (Pasar IV Padang Bulan, Medan) is developed by Tamil, Telugu, and Malayalam's committee.
Both Telugu and Malayalam is very minority, about 300s peoples. Most of them cannot speak their mother language again.
Majority of them is Hindu.
Benggali is mostly Islam and most of them have mixed with native Indonesian and so they cannot speak Benggali again.
Punjabi is mostly Sikh and Hindu. Most of them mixed these religions and some of them can speak Punjabi.
Hindi and Sindhi are concentrated in Jakarta and usually open textille and garment business.
Sikh temples is 12 in Indonesia.
Hindu Dayak is most concentrated in Middle-Kalimantan.
Java.
Temples are commonly known as "Candi" in Java. The local belief is that Java valley had thousands of Hindu temples, which co-existed with Buddhist temples, most of which were buried in massive eruption of Mount Merapi in 1006 AD. Between 1100 and 1700 additional Hindu temples were built, but abandoned by Hindus and Buddhists as Islam spread in Java. In last 200 years, some of these have been rediscovered mostly by farmers while preparing their lands for crops.
Majority of Hindu temples in Java were dedicated to Siva, who Javanese Hindus considered as the God who commands the energy to destroy, recombine and recreate the cycle of life. Small temples were often dedicated to Siva and his family (wife Durga, son Ganesha). Larger temple complexes include temples for Wishnu and Brahma, but the most majestic, sophisticated and central temple was dedicated to Siva. The 732 AD Cangal inscription found in South Java, written in Indonesian Sanskrit script, eulogizes Siva, calling him God par-excellence. Historical scripts suggest Javanese recognized amongst themselves three sects of Siva - Mahesvara, Buddhist (Saugata) and Mahabrahmana (Rsi). The Hindu and Buddhist temples co-existed, people intermarried, with occasional couple featuring a Hindu king and Buddhist wife as evidenced by "Candi Plaosan", the husband and wife maintaining their different religious beliefs after marriage. Most of the temples are laid out in perfect squares, with secondary temples or lingas arranged geometrically or circularly. However, midst of the perfect symmetries, is present a shift of the temple complex axis and primary statue enclosure axis; this asymmetry is believed to be deliberate because the shift is always to the north and the ratio of asymmetry is exactly the same in a dozen temples where this has been measured. Some of sculptures and reliefs in the temples represent Hindu dance forms, currently seen in India but not in Java.
W.O.J. Nieuwenkamp has suggested that Java valley near Jogjakarta once had lakes, and the temples were arranged around these lakes in form of flowers and mathematical patterns considered to be auspicious, and that the temples were connected by paved brick roads lined by walls. These lakes and roads were later filled with meters of volcanic ashes in multiple eruptions of Mount Merapi. This theory is controversial, but recent geological evidence support Nieuwenkamp proposal.
Some known Hindu temples in Java include:

</doc>
<doc id="21466479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466479" title="University of Ioannina">
University of Ioannina

University of Ioannina (Greek: Πανεπιστήμιο Ιωαννίνων, "Panepistimio Ioanninon") is a university lying in the plains 5 km southwest of Ioannina, Greece. The campus is linked to the town by Greek National Road 5. It now hosts over 20,000 students in 17 faculties (2006). The university was founded in 1964, as a department of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and became an independent university at 1970. In 1977, Ioannina Medical School was founded, that evolved fast in one of the most prominent Medical schools in Greece, with distinct faculty and well-recognized research activities. University of Ioannina is one of the leading academic institutions in Greece.
University Campus.
The University Campus is located 6 km from the centre of Ioannina and is one of the largest University campuses in Greece. It can be easily reached from the city either by public transportation or by car.
It covers a total area of almost with many green open spaces which surround the four main building complexes.
These buildings cover an area of 170,000 m2, consisting of lecture halls, offices, laboratories, libraries, amphitheaters, etc. Large classes are held in auditoriums, while scientific meetings and exhibitions are held in the Conference Centre located in the newly constructed Medical Sciences complex.
In addition to these, two large building complexes accommodate the Student Residence Halls, both being close to the Student Union building; a multi-purpose building that houses the student restaurant and a large Hall of Ceremonies together with "Phegos"; a restaurant where the academic community and visitors can enjoy well-prepared meals or celebrate special occasions, such as the graduation day. 
One of the most attractive places of the campus is the old Monastery of Dourouti, an 18th-century building, which is currently being renovated in order to serve as a guest house for visitors of the University.
Academic Evaluation.
An external evaluation of all academic departments in Greek universities will be conducted by the Hellenic Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency (HQAA) in the following years.
Research Institutes.
Ioannina Biomedical Research Institute.
The Biomedical Research Institute (BRI) was founded in 1998. It was operating as an autonomous institute until 2001, under the name "Ioannina Biomedical Research Institute" (IBRI).
From September 2001, the Institute was merged with the "Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas" (FORTH), and its new name is "Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas / Biomedical Research Institute". This merger offers new possibilities to the Institute, since FORTH is one of the most prominent foundations for research and technology in Greece, with an international reputation.
BRI has three research directions: Molecular Medicine, Biomedical Technology, and Molecular Epidemiology.
In order to fulfill the above research aims the Institute has already established collaborations with the Medical School of the University of Ioannina, as well as with other Departments of the University, the University Hospital, and the other Institutes of FORTH.
Institute of Transportation & Telecommunications.
The University of Ioannina has become allied with the regional local authorities and industrial partners to establish a major Institute of Transportation & Telecommunication in Igoumenitsa. The Institute brings together academic and industrial expertise in an effort to find solutions to transportation and telecommunication difficulties that are perceived to be among the most intractable in the area. The expertise in different fields of transportation and telecommunication will be concentrated in research, consultancy and regional development.
University Library and Information Centre.
The University of Ioannina has the largest, in terms of effective surface area (14,500 sq. m. divided into six storeys), single library in Greece, which has been named the "The University of Ioannina Library and Information Centre" due to the wide use of information technology.
The equipment of the "The University of Ioannina Library and Information Centre" meets all international specifications regarding Academic Libraries and includes 31 workstations, 504 reading stations, a contemporary 120-seat auditorium, an Art Gallery Exhibition Room, a Seminar Room with a seating capacity of 20 people, 12 carrels, etc.
Users are able to make full use of the library, checking availability on the online library catalogue (OPAC) and benefiting from the photocopying, reservations and online services. The professionally qualified librarians run introductory training sessions on information handling techniques and assist the users with their enquiries.
The Library's services include: book loaning from its own collection or from other libraries in Greece (Interlibrary Loan), reading rooms, access to international information sources via the Internet, as well as to digitised material of the University of Ioannina, electronic catalogue databases, access to Greek and foreign library catalogues, use of photocopy machines, etc.
Library users include all members of the academic community of the University of Ioannina, namely: members of the academic, research and administrative staff, students, postgraduate students, postdoctoral researchers, visiting Professors and exchange students. The Library services are also accessible to the general public.
The library is governed by a set of regulations to which every user must conform. These are accessible at the website http://www.lib.uoi.gr.
At present, the University Library is a well-stocked library housing substantial collections of books, journals and related material that cover the fields of: Medicine, Chemistry, Physics, Biological Applications and Technologies, Materials Science and Engineering, Economics, Computer Science, Plastic Arts and Art Sciences, Primary and Pre-School Education, Philosophy, Education and Psychology. The bibliographical processing and incorporation of material housed at present at the Seminar Rooms of the Departments of Philology and History & Archaeology, as well as the library of the Department of Mathematics, is planned to be concluded within 2006.
In the immediate future, special emphasis will be placed on the development of a Student Collection, which will include multiple copies of books related to the course lectures delivered in all Departments, on the creation of a collection of talking books (specially designed for visually impaired people), etc.
The University Library has a substantial collection of scientific books and textbooks, scientific journals, newspapers, all kinds of digital and audiovisual material, encyclopaedias, dictionaries, indexes, books that can be borrowed by students, as well as electronic information sources which support the educational and research needs of the academic community of the University of Ioannina. The library also owns a significant collection in Braille as well as equipment that can be used by visually impaired people.
Its collections also include a significant number of scientific journals and databases of the Hellenic Academic Libraries Link (HEALLINK), which can be accessed via the Internet, as well as a collection of digitised documents (journal articles, books, etc.) which are produced by the expert librarians.
Student Welfare.
University of Ioannina numbers today more than 17,000 students. Among them there are approximately 13.500 undergraduate students. A number of organised postgraduate study programmes are on offer that combine taught and research elements both at Master's and Doctoral level. Approximately 1.300 students are involved in full-time study mode progressing to a Master's degree, while more than 2,200 students are currently pursuing their studies at Doctoral level. The postgraduate student population is increasing yearly.
Catering.
The Student Refectory of the University provides meals to all undergraduate and postgraduate students on a full-board (breakfast, lunch, dinner) daily basis.
The Student Refectory is conveniently located on campus and covers an area of approximately 4,500 sq. m.
The Refectory is open daily between 1 September and 30 June, and has a 14-day break over the Christmas and Easter vacations. It is open 275 days a year and has the capacity to serve at least 4,000 students a day.
Accommodation.
The Halls of Residence is the place to create strong bonds of friendship, to meet people from different back grounds and cultures and to enjoy the sense of community. The Halls house almost 650 students on two different sites, while a number of rooms has been adapted for disabled students. All accommodation is mixed, with a number of standard rooms (with shared bathroom facilities) or en suite rooms. The majority of rooms are single study-bedrooms although there are some shared rooms (two or three people).
Certain residences are reserved mainly for exchange students (i.e. Erasmus), and all requests for accommodation are satisfied on a first-come first-served space-available basis.
Erasmus Programme.
The University of Ioannina currently has formal exchange agreements with a large number of Universities - in mainland Europe - through the well-established Erasmus programme of the European Commission. The University of Ioannina welcomes foreign students who wish to expand their academic horizons by spending a semester or a year studying in Ioannina.

</doc>
<doc id="21466510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466510" title="LDE – Columbus">
LDE – Columbus

Columbus was a tender locomotive operated by the Leipzig-Dresden Railway ("Leipzig-Dresdner Eisenbahn" or "LDE").
History.
The locomotive was sent to the LDE on the recommendation of the Saxon consul in the USA. Similar locomotives had already proven themselves on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. (cf. Tom Thumb) She was built in 1835 by "Gillingham & Winans" in Baltimore/USA.
In the LDE's company records the locomotive was later described as "unreliable" and "unusable". Several attempts to give the engine back to the manufacturer failed.
In 1842 the locomotive was given to the "Sächsische Maschinenbau-Compagnie" in Chemnitz in payment for the "PEGASUS". Beyond that, her fate is unknown. She may be identical with the "TEUTONIA", which was delivered to the Magdeburg-Leipzig Railway in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="21466525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466525" title="Mouhamadou Diaw">
Mouhamadou Diaw

Mouhamadou Diaw (born 2 February 1981) is a football midfielder from Senegal who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais.
Diaw signed with Niort from La Vitréenne on 10 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21466530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466530" title="Giant Ochiai">
Giant Ochiai

Takayuki Okada (May 8, 1973 - August 8, 2003), more widely known as Giant Ochiai, was a Japanese judo practitioner, professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
As a student, Okada won the All Japan Industrial High School Judo League Champion four times. Working a stiff style, Okada wrestled as Giant Ochiai for Riki Chōshū's World Japan promotion and Yoshiaki Fujiwara's Battlarts organizations. Okada also fought in legitimate MMA competitions for Pride Fighting Championships and King of the Cage.
After an August 2003 "training accident" while training with Kenzo Suzuki at World Japan's dojo, Okada suffered an acute subdural hematoma and entered a coma from which he never recovered. Okada died on August 8, 2003. Okada's August 13 wake was attended by Masaaki Satake, Nobuhiko Takada, Kazushi Sakuraba and World Japan Management Director Katsuji Nagashima.
Okada's MMA record was 3-3-2 (Win-Loss-Draw).

</doc>
<doc id="21466537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466537" title="Charles Byron Andrews">
Charles Byron Andrews

Charles Byron Andrews, is an international real estate analyst as seen on CNBC as an expert guest and also co-author (with Kendra Todd) of "Risk & Grow Rich" published in 2006 by HarperCollins. Andrews is also a fund manager for Blue Coast Asset Management, a hedge fund based in East London, England. Andrews is a keynote speaker for various international organizations, teaching on the subjects of real estate portfolios, migration pattern study, and government regulations on residential foreclosure.

</doc>
<doc id="21466548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466548" title="Bill Webb (pitcher)">
Bill Webb (pitcher)

Willie Fred "Bill" Webb (December 12, 1913 – June 1, 1994) was an American professional baseball pitcher. Webb played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In one career game, he had a 0–0 record with a 9.00 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Webb was born in Atlanta, Georgia, and died in Austell, Georgia.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21466551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466551" title="Abdulhussain Abdulredha">
Abdulhussain Abdulredha

Abdulhussain Abdulredha (born 15 July 1939), ( ) is a Kuwaiti actor, famous and prominent in the Arab World, and the Persian Gulf region in particular.
Biography.
Abdulredha was born in Darwaz Abdul Razzaq, Al-Awazim village in Sharq, Kuwait to Persian parents, the seventh among fourteen siblings. He initially worked in the Department of Printing of the Kuwaiti Ministry of Guidance and Information. He then traveled on a mission to Egypt at the expense of the ministry in 1956 to learn the art of printmaking, and in 1961 he traveled on a mission to Germany to complete his studies in the printmaking arts. He continued this job until he reached the position of observer in the Printing Section of the Ministry of Information. He has been married 4 wives, and has three daughters and two sons, among them Bashar and Adnan, who works in the technical field and has attempted to write poetry and the preparation of TV programs, as well as Mona, Bebe, and Manal.
Professional biography.
Abdulredha is one of the founders of the art movement in Kuwait, which he founded with a group of artists that included Khalid Al-Nafisi, Ali Mufidi, Saad Al-Faraj, Ibrahim Sallal, and Ghanem Saleh, amongst others.
Beginnings.
Abdulredha's career began in 1961, through play haggard Balvsahy. He was a substitute for representative Adnan Hussein, and proved a success to the attention of the director Zaki Tulaimat, rolled after the works of television series and plays to start with the achievements and fame, awards and others. Filed months serials Gulf at all, which is still the first series a series of Gulf drb with Saad Al-Faraj, Khaled Al-Nafisi, AbdelAziz al-Nimesh, and Ali Mufidi. As well as serial predestination, written by himself, on the side of the theater has had many famous plays Bye, London and built a silent and A zoubi Salmiya and Haman, O Pharaoh, and many others. It is also written by some of his theater and television, including his own sword of the Arabs and the Knights of climate and Azoubi Salmiya and 30-day love and best Kased and others, as he fought the field of composition and is now a product. Personality best known for sarcastic humor that made a mockery of the Arab situation comedy template. He was one of the founders of the Arab theater in 1961 and the National Theatre in 1976, as the year 1984 established a special brigade Theatre Arts.
Singing.
Abdulredha is famous because of the beauty of his voice, and this distinguished him from the other artists of his generation, making it the experience of running Aloobrittat first artist doing Aloobrittat dramatic music, which met with considerable success. He also presented a song on the occasion of the visit of then-U.S. president George H. W. Bush, during his visit to Kuwait after liberation.
Collaboration.
There have been a number of collaboration efforts with other artists over the past several decades. Some of the notable examples have been television programmes, and stage performances with the actor Saad Al Faraj, one of the most popular being the comedy series 'Darb Al Zalag' (The Slippery Path). As well as with Suad Abdullah in many projects including the television operetta 'Basat Al Faqer'. As well as with the Kuwaiti actor Khalid Al Nafisi with the one of the earliest Kuwaiti television shows starring both of them 'Mahkamat Al Fireej' (The Neighbourhood Court) in 1967. Some of the earliest duets have been with Abdul Aziz al-Nimesh, Mohamed Jaber.
Canal Art.
The foundations of Arts channel which started broadcasting in 2006, becoming the first channel dedicated comedy at the level of the Arab world
Assassination attempt.
After the liberation of Kuwait, the art scene saw a lot of drama about the invasion. Abdulredha presented a play called "Sword of the Arabs" in 1992, addressing the period of the invasion, has been evacuated to attempt the assassination on his way to the theater.
Politics.
Said in an interview with the "Stay Home" on Future TV with Zahi Wehbe and Shahnaz Abdullah that he volunteered during the tripartite aggression against Egypt in 1956 with volunteers to defend Egypt. On the domestic side said in an interview with Al Hurra year 2009 he does not intend to enter or work in politics.
Plays.
Year of Production The name of the play Participation
TV series.
Year of Production Serial Personal Participation
TV movies.
The name of the television film Participation
Operetta.
Year of Production The name of the operetta Participation
Radio series.
Year of Production Name of the series Participation
Cinema.
Year of Production Name of the movie Participation
administrative work carried out by.
Owner and president of the Arts Center of artistic production of television and theater.

</doc>
<doc id="21466606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466606" title="Mayo Clinic Hospital">
Mayo Clinic Hospital

Mayo Clinic Hospital is the admitting hospital for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida. It has 214 beds and 22 operating rooms and offers care in more than 35 medical and surgical specialties. The hospital includes a full-service emergency department, open to everyone. It is a regional hospital in Jacksonville, Florida operated by the Mayo Clinic. The 214-bed inpatient facility, which opened in April 2008, also offers emergency care. In a 2008 examination of 5,453 United States hospitals, "US News & World Report" ranked the facility 23rd in adult specialization for rheumatology and 46th in adult specialization for gastrointestinal disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="21466609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466609" title="Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science">
Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science

FOCS, the Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science, is an academic conference in the field of theoretical computer science. FOCS is sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society.
As writes, FOCS and its annual Association for Computing Machinery counterpart STOC (the Symposium on Theory of Computing) are considered the two top conferences in theoretical computer science, considered broadly: they “are forums for some of the best work throughout theory of computing that promote breadth among theory of computing researchers and help to keep the community together.” includes regular attendance at FOCS and STOC as one of several defining characteristics of theoretical computer scientists.
The Knuth Prize for outstanding contributions to theoretical computer science is presented alternately at FOCS and STOC. The Machtey Award is presented to the best student-authored paper in FOCS.
History.
In 1960–1965, FOCS was known as the Symposium on Switching Circuit Theory and Logical Design, and in 1966–1974 it was known as the Symposium on Switching and Automata Theory. The current name has been used since 1975. Since 1973, the cover page of the conference proceedings has featured an artwork entitled "synapse", by Alvy Ray Smith, who has also been the author of three papers in the conference.

</doc>
<doc id="21466650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466650" title="Bud Weiser">
Bud Weiser

Harry Budson "Bud" Weiser (January 8, 1891 – July 31, 1961) was a professional baseball outfielder. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies. Weiser was 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighed 165 pounds.
Career.
Weiser was born in Shamokin, Pennsylvania, in 1891. He started his professional baseball career in 1911 with the Carolina Association's Charlotte Hornets. That season, he had a batting average of .269 in 75 games. Weiser then batted .318 in 1912 and .241 in 1913. In 1914, while playing for the Hornets in the North Carolina State League, he raised his average to .333 and led the league in hits (148), slugging percentage (.560), and total bases (249). He was also the league's best all-around player, according to "Sporting Life". That fall, he was drafted by the National League's Philadelphia Phillies.
Weiser appeared in 37 games for the Phillies in 1915. He went 9 for 64 at the plate (.141) with 8 runs batted in. In 1916, he played four MLB games but spent most of the season with the Eastern League's New London Planters. Weiser did not get along with the Planters' manager and jumped the team at one point, but he was still the league's leading batter and base stealer as late as August. New London won the league championship.
In March 1917, Weiser was traded to the Southern Association's Little Rock Travelers. He batted .251 in 44 games for Little Rock, and that year he also played 87 games for the New York State League's Wilkes-Barre Barons and led the league with an average of .375.
Weiser was sent to the International League's Reading Coal Barons in 1919. He batted .302 that season. In early 1920, however, he deserted the team to play in the Bethlehem Steel League. Weiser applied for reinstatement in 1921 but was denied. He eventually returned to organized baseball in 1923 and played in the New York-Pennsylvania League for the next three years. He finished his professional baseball career in 1928, when he batted .311 in the Middle Atlantic League.
Weiser died in Shamokin, Pennsylvania, in 1961 and was buried in Odd Fellows Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21466665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466665" title="Rod Davidson Cup">
Rod Davidson Cup

The Rod Davidson Cup is the name of the trophy for the post-season champion of the All American Hockey League. The cup is named in honor of Rod Davidson, who had been an instrumental part of the All American Hockey League through coaching, management, and currently as the commissioner.
The past winners are:

</doc>
<doc id="21466697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466697" title="List of Shaman King chapters">
List of Shaman King chapters

The chapters of the Japanese manga series "Shaman King" were written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei. They were serialized in Shueisha's "Weekly Shōnen Jump" from 1998 to 2004. The series follows the story of Yoh Asakura, a shaman who enters into a worldwide tournament of shamans in which the winner would become the savior of the world.
The 285 chapters, identified as "Reincarnations," were collected into 32 "tankōbon" volumes by Shueisha. The first volume was published on December 3, 1998, and volume 32 on January 5, 2005. The first 31 volumes were published once the serialization ended, but the publishing of volume 32 (meant to be published on December 3, 2004) was delayed as Shueisha reported they would only publish it if they receive evidence of demand from approximately 50,000 people. An anime adaptation of the series 64 episodes long was directed by Seiji Mizushima and developed by Xebec. The episodes first aired on TV Tokyo from July 4, 2001, to September 25, 2003.
During Jump Festa 2008, Shueisha announced a "kanzenban" reprint of the entire series. The series is called "Shaman King Kanzen-Ban", or Perfect Edition. This release reprinted the entire series in 27 volumes, complete with new, clear image overlays on the covers, and concluding with an alternative ending. Without the original chapter 285, the "kanzenban" has sixteen additional chapters and 300 chapters in total. The first volume was published on March 3, 2008, and volume 27 was published on April 3, 2009. During late 2011, Takei started writing "Shaman King Zero" which is a one-volume prequel involving the main characters' backstories. A sequel titled "Shaman King Flowers", focused on Yoh's son, Hana Asakura, started serialization in Shueisha's "Jump Kai" in April 2012.
"Shaman King" is licensed in North America by Viz Media for an English-language adaptation, with some chapters initially serialized in its "Shonen Jump" magazine. The series first appeared in "Shonen Jump"s third issue from 2003, and last in its September 2007 issue. Viz Media published also the "Shaman King" volumes: the first was published on September 3, 2003, and the last on January 4, 2011.
__TOC__
Volume list.
"Shaman King".
Chapters collected exclusively in "kanzenban" format.
The following chapters are featured only in the "kanzenban" series volumes, which do not contain the original chapter 285. The additional chapters 265-286 are collected in volume 24 (ISBN 978-4-08-874226-7), renumbering all subsequent chapters of the series. Chapters 287–291 are in volume 26 (ISBN 978-4-08-874228-1) and chapters 292–300 in volume 27 (ISBN 978-4-08-874229-8). Some chapters in the original series were renamed, but otherwise contained the same content.
Volume 33 is due to be released August 2014

</doc>
<doc id="21466708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466708" title="Religious cleansing">
Religious cleansing

Religious cleansing is a euphemism for a form of religious persecution in which members of a religious population are subjected to imprisonment, expulsion, forced conversion or death by a majority to achieve religious homogeneity in majority-controlled territory. While akin to ethnic cleansing (a better-known form of discrimination throughout human history) religious cleansing is less defined by a group's ancestry and more defined by that religious group's spiritual allegiance of interest. Such cleansing is often precipitated by the declaration of a religion or creed as illegal and outlawed, as in the case of the Spanish Inquisition and the Edict of Fontainebleau. 

</doc>
<doc id="21466726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466726" title="Mauro Marani">
Mauro Marani

Mauro Marani (born 9 March 1975) is a Sanmarinese international footballer who plays as a defender for La Fiorita.
Career.
Club career.
Marani has played club football for Cosmos, Juvenes/Dogana, Murata and Pennarossa.
International career.
Marani has played in 13 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches to date.
Marani was sent off in an international match on 15 October 2008, against Northern Ireland, for striking opposition player Michael O'Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="21466731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466731" title="Morton Minsky">
Morton Minsky

Morton Minsky (January 10, 1902 - March 23, 1987) was the last of four brothers that had created Minsky's Burlesque in Manhattan.
Biography.
He was the youngest of the four Minsky brothers. Morton joined the family business in 1924, after graduating from New York University. He later became involved in real estate in Manhattan. In 1967 he was elected as a senior vice president of Daniel A. Brener, Inc., where he headed their division that specialized in motion-picture theater sales and leasing. He co-wrote "Minsky's Burlesque" in 1986. He died on March 24, 1987, of cancer at his home in Manhattan. 

</doc>
<doc id="21466747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466747" title="Mallon">
Mallon

Mallon is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21466763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466763" title="La Caleta olvidada">
La Caleta olvidada

La Caleta olvidada is a 1958 Chilean film directed by Bruno Gebel. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21466767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466767" title="David Tevzadze">
David Tevzadze

David Tevzadze () (born January 30, 1949) is a retired Georgian lieutenant general who was the country’s Minister of Defense from April 1998 to February 2004.
Education and academic career.
Born in Sukhumi, Abkhaz ASSR, Georgian SSR, Tevzadze graduated from the Tbilisi State University (TSU) Faculty of Philosophy in 1971 and Institute of Foreign Languages in 1978. He then obtained Ph.D. at the Georgian Academy of Sciences Institute of Philosophy where he worked as a researcher and also lectured in history of philosophy and mathematical logic at the TSU for several years. He also took an interest in martial arts and was a co-founder and the first President of the Georgian Karate Federation in 1989. Federation was formed on April 9, 1989 the same day Russian army used force against peaceful pro-independence rally in Tbilisi. Tevzadze and several other members of the organization fought against soldiers and were successful in pushing them back from one side of the rally.
Early military career.
With the declaration of Georgia’s independence from the Soviet Union and the outbreak of civil unrest (1991), Tevzadze joined the Kojori-headquartered paramilitary battalion “Orbi” (“hawk”) which he commanded from January 1992 to January 1993 and took part in the war with the secessionists in Abkhazia. After the merger of paramilitary units into the Georgian Armed Forces, Colonel Tevzadze became a commander of the 11th brigade of reconnaissance (1992–93) and then of the 1st brigade (1993–94). From May 1994 to August 1997, he headed a Foreign Relations Office at the Ministry of Defense of Georgia. From 1994 to 1996, he received training at various NATO education centers such as the NATO Defence College (Rome, Italy), George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies (Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany), and Command and General Staff College (Fort Leavenworth, United States).
Minister of Defense.
In April 1998, President of Georgia Eduard Shevardnadze dismissed Defense Minister Vardiko Nadibaidze, a career Soviet and Russian army officer, and replaced him with more Western-oriented Tevzadze. Amid persistent budgetary shortage and a series of attempted mutinies in the army, Tevzadze attempted to implement some reforms in the Georgian military with the declared aim to help transition “from old Soviet model to the modern forces, applicable to the international standards.” He was pursuant to a pro-NATO line declared by Georgia in 1998 and rejected the post of deputy head of the Coordinating Staff of the CIS Armed Forces in 2001, saying he saw no point in multilateral military cooperation between CIS states. It was during his tenure, that, in 2002, the United States launched a program of training for the selected Georgian military units (GTEP). 
Tevzadze tried to remain neutral during the tense days of “Rose Revolution” in November 2003, when the opposition protests forced President Shevardnadze to resign. Tevzadze told reporters before the resignation that he had “received warnings that there should be no action that could lead to bloodshed.” He briefly retained his post in a new Georgian government. In this capacity he visited Georgian troops in Iraq. His plane was fired upon leaving Baghdad on January 16, 2004. The Coalition helicopters were dispatched and returned fire. No-one was injured and Tevzadze also escaped unharmed. 
In February 2004, Tevzadze was dismissed as Defense Minister and nominated by President Mikheil Saakashvili as an ambassador to NATO. At the same time, he faced a series of accusations of corruption. The Parliamentary Committee for Defense and Security launched a probe into the cases of alleged corruptions in the Defense Ministry and summoned Tevzadze who admitted to certain violations in the Ministry, but refrained from naming the officials accountable for these violations. Tevzadze’s tenure as an ambassador proved to be short-lived, however, as his credentials were revoked in June 2004. Since then, Tevzadze has distanced himself from politics and engaged in scholarship and teaching.
On May 5, 2009, Tevzadze's name was mentioned in a video footage released by the Georgian police as an evidence of the planned disorders in Georgia, of which the failed mutiny in army was part. Tevzadze said allegations about his involvement in the mutiny plot were "absurd."

</doc>
<doc id="21466785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466785" title="Sackheim Gate">
Sackheim Gate

The Sackheim Gate (, tr.: "Zakkhaymskie vorota"; ) is one of seven surviving city gates in Kaliningrad, Russia, formerly the German city of Königsberg. It is located at the intersection of Moscow avenue and Lithuanian wall street.
History.
Named after the Sackheim district, the current gate was built in the middle of the 19th century. It replaced an earlier version which was erected during the construction of the first city walls of Königsberg at the beginning of 17th century. After World War II, the gate was used as a warehouse, which it remained until 2006. The gate is protected as a monument by the Russian federal government.
In 2006, restoration of the gate began. After restoration will be completed, the gate will be used by the Centre of Standardisation and Metrology, a Russian federal government agency. It will accommodate laboratories and a small museum, where weights and other antique measuring instruments will be on display.
Architecture.
The Sackheim Gate has one passageway with arches at both ends of the gate. In the past each side also had smaller arches, which may have been pedestrian passageways, but these have since been torn down. At the corners there are four towers: two round ones on the city side and two octagonal ones on the outer side. The city side of the gate is decorated with reliefs of Ludwig Yorck von Wartenburg and Friedrich Wilhelm von Bülow. The other side of the gate has the image of a black eagle, reminiscing the Order of the Black Eagle, which was the highest award of Prussia.

</doc>
<doc id="21466791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466791" title="Tony Eckstein">
Tony Eckstein

Anton Joseph “Tony” or “A. J.” Eckstein (May 29, 1923 - April 13, 2009) was a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from southwestern Minnesota. First elected in 1970, Eckstein was re-elected in 1972, 1974 and 1976. He represented the old District 17B and, later, 28B, which included all or portions of Brown, Cottonwood and Nicollet counties, changing somewhat through redistricting in 1970.
Early years and service to New Ulm.
From the city of New Ulm, “Doc” Eckstein was a veterinarian in the New Ulm and Sleepy Eye areas. He served in the United States Army for two years during World War II, participating in the Specialized Training Program. Prior to being elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives, he was a member and later president of the New Ulm City Council for six years, and also served as the city’s mayor for four years.
Legislative service and beyond.
While in the legislature, Eckstein earned a reputation as an advocate for farmers, and as a leader on issues relevant to agriculture and local government. He allied with the Liberal Caucus at a time when the legislature was still officially nonpartisan, and later identified as a Democrat when party affiliation became required of candidates. He served on the House Agriculture, Appropriations, General Legislation & Veterans Affairs, Labor Relations, Local Government and Transportation committees, and on various subcommittees during his time in office.
Eckstein was appointed by Governor Wendell Anderson to serve as an advisory board member of the Minnesota Experimental Authority, an early 1970s project initiated, promoted and studied by the Minnesota Legislature with the potential for creating “from scratch” an experimental city in the state that would serve as a national model and implement new urban planning and development concepts. While, ultimately, the project never materialized, it demonstrated the creative, progressive thinking that was taking shape in Minnesota at the time. 
In 1982, Eckstein ran unsuccessfully for the Minnesota Senate in the old District 28 against incumbent Senator Dennis Frederickson. He continued to be active in the community and in his veterinary work after concluding his legislative career, also serving several terms on the Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board and on the Minnesota Ethical Practice Board. He was also president of the Minnesota State Board of Veterinary Medicine.
Eckstein died on April 13, 2009, in Sleepy Eye, and was buried in the Catholic cemetery in New Ulm with full military honors.

</doc>
<doc id="21466809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466809" title="Matching Green">
Matching Green

Matching Green is a village which forms part of the civil parish of Matching, in the County of Essex, England. It is located east of Harlow, north west of Chipping Ongar and south east of Sawbridgeworth.
The village has one of the largest village greens in Essex. Its almost triangular shape extends to 5.6 hectares (13.8 acres) and is lined along each edge by a variety of (mainly) detached cottages and houses ranging in age from the 14th to the 19th century, twenty-eight of which are listed buildings. Since there are relatively few trees, the buildings are important in defining the shape and size of the green.
The site of the former RAF Matching lies to the east of village.
Transport.
Bus.
Also see List of bus routes in Essex

</doc>
<doc id="21466846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466846" title="Chuck Turner">
Chuck Turner

Chuck Turner (born 1941 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a Boston, Massachusetts politician, activist, and convicted felon, who served on the Boston City Council representing District 7. Turner is a member of the Green-Rainbow Party Massachusetts affiliate to the national Green Party. Turner also held the distinction of being the highest elected Green official in the state.
He has a BA from Harvard University, was a Community Fellow at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and was awarded an honorary Associates of Arts degree from Roxbury Community College. Prior to his incarceration, he lived in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston with his wife Terri.
Activist.
Turner has worked as an activist since the 1960s. He has served as the director of a community development corporation, an organizer training center, co-founder of the United Community Construction Workers, and founder of the Boston Jobs Council.
He has also worked as Coordinator of Training at Emerge, a batterer's counseling organization, and as education director at a nonprofit consulting firm focused on establishing worker cooperatives.
He played an instrumental role in the formation of the Boston Workers Alliance.
Boston City Council.
Turner represented District 7, which includes Roxbury, Fenway, and the South End on the Boston City Council. He won his seat by a 693-vote margin against the city's director of youth services, who was the preferred candidate of Mayor Tom Menino.
Turner has a volatile relationship with the Boston City Council. First elected in 1999, Turner vice-chaired the Education and Human Rights & Services committees. He was a member of the Arts, Film, Humanities & Tourism, Education, Government Operations, Housing, Human Rights & Services, Post Audit & Oversight, Special Committee on Federal, Stimulus Oversight, Whole, and Youth Affairs committees until he was ousted by fellow councilmen after his criminal conviction. In February 2004, angry at being removed from the Education Committee, he compared City Council President Michael F. Flaherty to Louise Day Hicks, an opponent of the city's desegregation busing. He had also accused limits placed on debate as being "institutional racism".
He had some notable successes: In 2002, he authored an ordinance protecting transgender persons from discrimination that was overwhelmingly approved by the council and signed into law. Also, when Governor Mitt Romney dismantled the state's affirmative action guidelines, Turner became one of its aggressive critics, helping lead public pressure to cause the governor put the change on hold.
In April 2004, Turner was quoted by the "Boston Herald" as saying that Condoleezza Rice working for George W. Bush was "similar in my mind to a Jewish person working for Hitler in the 1930s."
In May 2004, Turner and activist Sadiki Kambon held a press conference to reveal photos purportedly showing US soldiers raping Iraqi women. The pictures were eventually identified as fakes, but only after four of the alleged rape shots appeared in a "Boston Globe" photo of the two men. Turner was subjected to wide criticism from conservative media and was censured by six members of the City Council. Turner was unrepentant, noting that he had urged the media to confirm the photos’ authenticity before disseminating them.
Public corruption conviction.
On August 3, 2007, Turner was videotaped by FBI informant Ronald Wilburn, accepting $1,000 cash from Wilburn in Turner's district office in exchange for pushing for a liquor license for the Roxbury nightclub Dejavu. On November 22, 2008, Turner was arrested and charged with attempted extortion under color of official right.
On December 9, 2008, Turner was indicted by a federal grand jury on three charges of making false statements and a charge of conspiracy with former State Senator Dianne Wilkerson, all stemming from an FBI public corruption investigation. Turner was found guilty of the false statement and bribery charges by a jury on October 29, 2010.
Turner has made claims that both he and Wilkerson are victims of a government conspiracy against African-American officials.
On December 1, 2010, Turner was expelled from the Boston City Council by an 11-1 vote making him the first council member to ever be expelled in the history of the modern Boston City Council.
On January 25, 2011, Turner was sentenced to three years in prison. He was released early for good behavior in July 2013, after serving 28 months.

</doc>
<doc id="21466847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466847" title="Karl Gesele">
Karl Gesele

Karl Gesele (15 August 1912 – 8 April 1968) was a SS-"Standartenführer" (Colonel) in the "Waffen-SS" during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Karl Gesele was born on the 15 August 1912 in Riedlingen. After leaving school he volunteered to join the SS in August 1931 (SS service number: 10,596) and served with the 13 SS Standarte Regiment until 1933, when he joined the Political Readiness Detachment "Württemberg".
In October 1934, he was given command of a platoon in the 9th Company, SS Standarte "Deutschland" and also commanded platoons in the 10th and 17th Companies. In December 1936 he was made the Adjutant of the IV.Battalion, SS Standarte "Deutschland". In May 1938, Gesele obtained his first Company command, when he took over the 10th Company.
World War II.
During World War II after the Polish Campaign where he was awarded the Iron Cross I & II class and later fought in the Battle of France. He was posted to the "SS-Junkerschule" in Bad Tölz in August 1940 as an Instructor in tactics. He returned to the front on the staff of the SS Cavalry Brigade and was awarded the German Cross in Gold in May 1942 just before he was forced to leave the Brigade because of illness.
After he recovered he was given command of the "Begleit-Bataillon Reichsführer-SS" in October 1942, which was later reformed as the "Sturmbrigade Reichsführer SS" and stationed in France. Gesele remained in France until the Allied invasion of Italy when the Brigade was moved to Corsica in September 1943. Gesele and his Brigade served as part of the garrison until 15 September 1943. At that point it was sent to Italy and reorganized into the 16th SS Panzergrenadier Division "Reichsführer SS". He was awarded his Knight's Cross in July 1944 for his command of the Brigade when in Corsica.
He remained the commander of the 16th SS until January 1945, when he was posted to the SS Cavalry school Weede near Göttingen and given his last combat command in March 1945 when he took over command of the 37th SS Volunteer Cavalry Division "Lutzow" to replace Waldemar Fegelein until the end of the war.
Post war.
Karl Gesele survived the war and died on the 8 April 1968, in Friedrichshafen, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21466848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466848" title="Riccardo Muccioli">
Riccardo Muccioli

Riccardo Muccioli (born 27 August 1974) is an international footballer from San Marino who plays club football for USC Baracca Lugo1909 in Italy. He previously played for SC Faetano.

</doc>
<doc id="21466852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466852" title="Machel">
Machel

Machel may refer to:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="21466869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466869" title="Sadanand Dhume">
Sadanand Dhume

Sadanand Dhume is an Indian writer and journalist based in Washington, D.C. who writes on Asian affairs. He is the author of "My Friend the Fanatic: Travels with a Radical Islamist", a travel narrative about the rise of fundamentalism in Indonesia, the world’s most populous Muslim country.
Between 1999 and 2004 Dhume lived in Asia. He served as India bureau chief of the "Far Eastern Economic Review" and as Indonesia correspondent of "FEER" and "The Wall Street Journal Asia". His essays, op-eds and reviews have also been published in "The Washington Post", "Forbes", "Commentary", "YaleGlobal" and "Foreign Policy". His television appearances include CNN, PBS, BBC World, Al Jazeera International, CNBC Asia and ABC Television; he has also been interviewed by BBC World Service Radio, ABC Radio and ABC Radio (Australia).
Dhume holds a master’s degree in international relations from Princeton University’s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, a master’s in journalism from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism, and a bachelor’s degree in sociology from the University of Delhi.
In 2007 Dhume was an inaugural Bernard Schwartz Fellow at the Asia Society. He is currently working on a nonfiction book about the impact of globalization on India. He is represented by Aitken Alexander Associates in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21466881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466881" title="Allahina">
Allahina

Allahina is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The town lies 31 km south of the Mauritanian border and 156 km west of Nara, the administrative centre of the cercle. The commune, which includes the town and seven of the surrounding villages, had a population of 11,683 in the 2009 census.

</doc>
<doc id="21466886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466886" title="3 Balloons">
3 Balloons

3 Balloons is an album by comedian/musician Stephen Lynch. According to his official website, it will be his first studio album since 2000's "A Little Bit Special". As of 5 March 2009, it is available for purchase in MP3 format directly from WhatAreRecords.com. It was made available from other on-line stores starting the following week of March 2009. CDs were made available for sale at shows and on-line shortly after that, and it was released in stores starting 24 March.
On his official site, Lynch says:<br>
Most professional news sources did not review the album, with the notable exception of Allmusic's positive review, stating: "Love him or hate him — and that really does seem all there is to choose from — 3 Balloons finds novelty songster Stephen Lynch on a roll, keeping the quality high even when the formula is the same it has been for the past decade."
The album cover is a visual parody of the artwork design for the T. Rex album "Electric Warrior".

</doc>
<doc id="21466894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466894" title="Janie Johnson">
Janie Johnson

Janie Johnson is a fictional character in a series of books by author, Caroline B. Cooney. The book's titles are "The Face on the Milk Carton" (1990), "Whatever Happened to Janie?" (1993), "The Voice on the Radio" (1996), "What Janie Found" (1999), "What Janie Saw" (2012), and "Janie Face to Face" (2013).
Character's narrative.
During a school lunch break in one of Cooney's books, the character of Janie's life is changed after she picks up a friend's milk carton. She recognizes the "missing person" photo on the back of the milk carton—the photograph is an image of herself as a very young child, dressed in a white polka dot dress. The text on the milk carton explains that Jennie Spring was kidnapped from a mall in New Jersey, United States (US), when she was three-years-old. Janie believes that the carton must be some type of joke because her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, continue to be very caring parents. Janie tries to forget about the incident, but she begins having flashbacks, or what she calls "daymares," of events and people that do not fit in with her current life. She "remembers" other children and a woman who is not Mrs. Johnson.
Under the burden of her day mares, Janie rummages through the boxes that she finds in the attic of her family home. In the boxes she finds school papers with the name "Hannah" written on them, in addition to the polka dot white dress that appeared on the milk carton. When confronted by Janie, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson explain that Hannah is their daughter, and that Janie is Hannah's daughter, their granddaughter. Hannah was a deeply troubled child, joined a cult at a young age, and was married to one of the men in the cult; one day Hannah returned to her parents' house with Janie. Hannah subsequently returned to the cult and the Johnsons relocated with Janie, fearing that the cult would try to attain custody of the child once again. The Johnsons moved to a different state, even changing their names from "Javensen" to "Johnson." Janie arrives at the conclusion that the memories are of her life in the cult before being brought to the Johnsons. Janie is relieved that the people whom she believed to be her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, were not kidnappers.
However, Janie cannot erase the picture on the milk carton or the memories of another family out of her mind and proceeds to research the Jennie Spring kidnapping; she arrives at the conclusion that her parents might have actually kidnapped her. However, Janie still feels love towards them and tries to forgive them. Janie and her boyfriend, Reeve, decide to travel to New Jersey, US, to see the Spring family with their own eyes. Upon their arrival at the Spring family home, the pair observe that the entire family, like Janie, has red hair, a trait that neither Mr. or Mrs. Johnson, or even Hannah, have. Even though the evidence that Janie has uncovered is significant, Janie tries to ignore the event.
Janie then writes the Spring family a letter, but she doesn't mail the letter because she is still unsure of what steps to take next. While at school, Janie loses the letter and the decision of whether to tell or not is taken out of her hands, as she realizes that someone might have placed the letter in a post box. She and Reeve then confront Janie's parents with everything that they have learned and Mr. and Mrs. Johnson are consequently shocked. Janie's parents decide that Hannah was probably the one who kidnapped Janie and that the Springs must be called. Janie asserts that the information must remain confidential, as she makes it clear to the Johnsons that she loves them very much and does not want to hurt or leave them. However, Janie's mother is adamant that the Springs have been without their daughter for too long. In the end, Mrs. Johnson calls the Springs and Janie talks to what may be her real mother for the first time.
Janie also discovers that the birthday, May 10, given to her by the Johnsons, is not her real birthday — Janie is actually six months younger than she had previously thought, with her real birthday being November 4.
A month after finding her birth parents, dealing with the media, and consulting with lawyers, Janie is taken from her adoptive parents, the Johnsons, and proceeds to reside with her biological parents and four siblings, Stephen, Jodie, Brian, and Brendan. Although all of the Spring family members are eager to include her, she desperately misses her adoptive parents, whom she is allowed no contact with. Janie becomes emotionally aloof and experiences some trouble adjusting, as she is called "Jennie" by the family and attends a new school where she knows no-one; she also lives in very close quarters with her new brothers and sister. As matters begin to improve and Janie starts to feel more at home, a setback occurs due to the appearance of the FBI who arrive to question Janie. Finally, Janie asserts her desire to return to her adopted family after talking to her birth mother, by calling Mrs. Johnson her "Mom" for the first time; her biological parents permit Janie's return as an act of love. However, Janie's siblings, Stephen and Jodie, angry and upset that they are once again losing their sister, embark on a journey to New York City to find Hannah, the woman they believe is responsible for the sequence of events. The police discover that Hannah had been arrested in New York City several years previously for engaging in sex work. Stephen and Jodie are sent home by a police officer who tells them that, while they may not have exerted justice in relation to Hannah, Hannah's life has clearly been ruined, with charges of prostitution and kidnapping against her name.
Six months after returning to the Johnson family, Janie is relieved that life seems to be settling down, but she misses Reeve, who is away, attending college in Boston, US. As for Reeve, college life seems overwhelming; when the opportunity for fame in the form of a late-night gig at the school radio station proves irresistible, he finds himself disclosing Janie's story over the airwaves. Reeve, confident that Janie will never discover the ensuing success, that continues with the inappropriate divulgence of private information pertaining to his girlfriend.
Meanwhile, Janie has developed a closer relationship with her biological family, the Springs. Her sister, Jodie, has been accepted into college interviews in Boston, including one at Hills College, the college that Reeve attends. Brian, Janie, and Jodie's younger brother tag along, as does Janie; they plan to surprise Reeve by showing up. At the hotel, they tune into Reeve's radio station and hear Reeve doing "a Janie" as it had become known in Hills College, causing Janie, Jodie and Brian to all become very distressed and upset.
During his show, Reeve receives a call from a woman calling herself "Hannah", but rather than face the possibility of talking to Janie's kidnapper, he disconnects the call. "He could destroy all the tapes in all the radio stations in Boston...if Hannah decided she wanted airtime, somebody else would give it to her. He had no control. For the first time in his life, he was standing in the middle of a situation that would do whatever it wanted." Later, Reeve's sister, an attorney who had assisted Reeve and Janie from the beginning, states that her further research into this case had revealed that Hannah died several years previously in California, US, and was therefore not responsible for the phone call to the radio station.
Upon the discovery of Reeve's radio antics, Janie ceases her relationship with Reeve and asks him not to call her or come to her house again. Though Reeve claims he still loves her and merely made a mistake, Janie refuses to forgive him, though she still loves him. Reeve tries to talk to Janie and explain things to her, but Janie maintains her distance from her ex-boyfriend. When Janie is visiting the Spring family during the Thanksgiving holidays, Janie tells Mrs. Spring what happened in Boston and she suggests that Janie forgive Reeve, or at least speaks to him. In the end Janie decides to talk to Reeve about what he had done.
Seven months later, Janie's two families appear to have made peace. Life seems almost normal and Janie has even decided to speak to her former boyfriend, Reeve. However, Janie's adoptive Connecticut father, Frank Johnson, suffers a stroke, and the tragedy leaves her adoptive mother reeling. Janie is then compelled to manage the family finances and emotionally support her mother.
While handling her adoptive father's bills, Janie discovers that he has actually been in contact with Hannah, his real daughter, for a prolonged duration of time. Janie discovers where Hannah is living and it is the same town where Stephen, her older brother, is attending college. Reeve and Brian become aware of Janie's plans and accompany her to Boulder, Colorado, US. During her time in Boulder, Stephen and Janie are able to get past the grudges between them to actually continue with a sibling relationship; this reconciliation occurs despite Stephen's severed relationship with his girlfriend, Kathleen, due to her persistence contact with her ex-FBI father to intervene in Janie's situation; a situation that Kathleen became fixated upon, once referring to Janie as "Jennie-Janie". Reeve and Brian advise Janie to write Hannah one last check and then cease any form of subsequent contact with her on a permanent basis. Janie follows through with the recommendation from Reeve and Brian and on the return plane trip to Connecticut, she finds a letter from Stephen in her purse—the letter implores Janie to join Stephen in finally letting go of what happened when Janie was three-years-old so that they can actually be a regular family. Janie accepts Stephen's offer, while Reeve and Janie also reform their relationship.
Character traits and attributes.
Physical Appearance.
Cooney depicts the character of Janie with wild, fiery red hair. Her overall size is small and she is described by the author as appearing very similar to her birth father.
Personality traits.
The character of Janie has been described as "fierce, lovable, and loyal", as well as "shy, lactose intolerant, less talkative than her parents" and someone who "wishes she were named Jayne Johnstone". Janie is portrayed as a character who is always changing her room, maintains possessions, stubborn, caring towards her family, assertive when difficult decisions need to be made, and repressive regarding her emotions.
In Cooney's books, Janie is also very popular at her school due to what happened to the character when she was three-years-old.
Interests.
The character of Janie loves to shop and wear unique clothes.
no.
Differences between the movie and book.
In the movie adaptation, Janie's last name is Jessmon, her birth name is Jennifer Marguerite Sands, and her birth mother's name is Sada. The character is depicted with straight red hair and Jodie is her younger sister; the twins don't exist in the movie. Also, the book is mostly concerned with the discovery of Jennie Spring and Janie's struggle to discover her true identity, while, in the movie, the audience is informed of this struggle in a more revealing, but brief, manner, in addition to conveying how the protagonist adapts to her birth family. One reviewer stated "Janie struggles with questions about the family she thought was her own, and the identity of her long-lost biological parents."

</doc>
<doc id="21466902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466902" title="Dilly, Mali">
Dilly, Mali

Dilly is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 63 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 38,965.

</doc>
<doc id="21466904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466904" title="Santos-Dumont Demoiselle">
Santos-Dumont Demoiselle

__NOTOC__
The Santos-Dumont "Demoiselle" ("Damselfly") was a series of aircraft built in France by Brazilian aviation pioneer Alberto Santos-Dumont. They were light-weight monoplanes with a wire-braced wing mounted above an open-framework fuselage built from bamboo. The pilot's seat was below the wing and between the main wheels of the undercarriage. The rear end of the boom carried a tailwheel and a cruciform tail.
No. 19.
The first aircraft of the type was the Santos-Dumont No. 19. Powered by a 15 kW (20 hp) liquid-cooled Dutheil & Chalmers flat-twin engine mounted on the leading edge of the wing. Wingspan 5.1 m. There was a pair of hexagonal rudders surfaces below the wing on either side of the pilot, a forward mounted hexagonal elevator in front of the pilot and a cruciform surfaces, mounted at the end of a substantial single boom, which pivoted on a universal joint to function both as elevator and rudder. There was no provision for lateral control.
Santos-Dumont made three flights on 17 November 1907 at Issy-les-Moulineaux.
Later, Santos-Dumont repositioned the engine, placing it below the wing in front of the pilot. 
The No. 19 was damaged beyond repair when crashed by Hélène Dutrieu in 1908.
No. 20.
Santos-Dumont's next Demoiselle, the No. 20, featured an 18-kW (24-hp) Antoinette engine, later replaced with a Darracq-built liquid-cooled opposed twin engine of approximately 3.2 litre displacement and similar power output, and some additional wing reinforcements. Both the Antoinette and Darracq-powered versions had a pair of lightweight thin-tube radiators mounted under the wing roots and just below the lower layer of fabric wing covering, running the entire 1.70 meter chord of the wing root panels. It also utilised wing warping for lateral control, with control cabling that only pulled down alternately on the outer section of the rear wing spar with no "upwards" warp capability. Due to structural problems and continuing lack of power Santos-Dumont introduced additional modifications in the No. 21: a triangular and shortened fuselage made of bamboo; the engine was moved back to its original position, in front of the wing; and increased wingspan. The design of No. 22 was similar to No. 21. Santos-Dumont tested opposed-cylinder (he patented a solution for cooling this kind of engine) and water-cooled engines, with power settings ranging from 15–30 kW (20–40 hp) in the two variants. A feature of the water-cooled variant was the liquid-coolant pipeline which followed the wing lower side lofting to improve aerodynamics.
The Demoiselle could be constructed in only fifteen days. Possessing outstanding performance, easily covering 200 m of ground during the initial flights and flying at speeds of more than 100 km/h, the Demoiselle was the last aircraft built by Santos-Dumont. He performed flights with it in Paris, and made trips to nearby places. Flights were continued at various times through 1909, including the first cross-country flight with steps of about 8 km, from St. Cyr to Buc on 13 September 1909, returning the following day, and another on 17 September 1909 of 18 km in 16 min. The Demoiselle, fitted with a two-cylinder engine, became rather popular. The French World War I ace Roland Garros flew it at the Belmont Park, New York, in 1910. The June 1910 edition of the "Popular Mechanics" magazine published drawings of the Demoiselle and affirmed that "This machine is better than any other which has ever been built, for those who wish to reach results with the least possible expense and with a minimum of experimenting." American companies sold drawings and parts of Demoiselle for several years thereafter. Santos-Dumont was so enthusiastic about aviation that he released the drawings of Demoiselle for free, thinking that aviation would be the mainstream of a new prosperous era for mankind. Clément-Bayard, an automotive maker, constructed Demoiselles, they planned a production run of 100 units, built 50 and sold only 15 for 7,500 francs for each airframe. (or 50,000 francs.) It was the world's first series production aircraft. By 1909 it was offered with a choice of 3 engines, Clement 20 hp; Wright 4-cyl 30 hp (Clement-Bayard had the license to manufacture Wright engines); and Clement-Bayard 40 hp designed by Pierre Clerget. It achieved 120 km/h.
An example of a No. 21 with a Darracq engine is preserved in the "Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace". Several flyable replicas were built by Personal Plane Services Ltd for the 1965 film 'Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines' and others have been built since then.

</doc>
<doc id="21466908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466908" title="Dayton Open">
Dayton Open

The Dayton Open was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 1999 to 2003. It was played at The Golf Club at Yankee Trace, in the Dayton, Ohio suburb of Centerville.
The purse in 2003 was $450,000, with $81,000 going to the winner.
Winners.
Dayton Open
BUY.COM Dayton Open
NIKE Dayton Open

</doc>
<doc id="21466910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466910" title="Pinkie Road">
Pinkie Road

Pinkie Road is a proposed 4 lane twinned highway connector road linking two National Highway System routes as a part of the Asia-Pacific Gateway and Corridor Initiative (APGCI). Highway 1 (the Trans-Canada Highway) and Highway 11 will be linked by this new route, west of Regina, Saskatchewan. The City of Regina, Sherwood No. 159 rural municipality (RM) Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (MHI) and Transport Canada have come together to begin construction of Pinkie Road which will provide access to an inland port comprising a global communications hub, the Canadian Pacific Railway intermodal facility, Regina International Airport, as well as a warehouse and industrial area. Located northwest the city, the partners are evaluating the environmental concerns, national building requirements as well as feasibility for interchanges, lanes and speeds dependent on proposed Annual Average Daily Traffic amounts. The Regina Regional Economic Development Authority's president and CEO, Larry Hiles, said that "Regina is ideally situated with regard to both geography and infrastructure for this type of development."
Travel route.
Pinkie Road is a proposed Saskatchewan Highway 1-to-Highway 11 connector road west of Regina, Saskatchewan. The highway will run from Highway 1 north to the junction with Highway 730 (Dewdney Avenue West) and finally connect with Highway 11. Pinkie Road will run west of the Regina International Airport, with three proposed alignments being studied.
History.
Pinkie Road will be a primary access highway with access points for the Global Transportation Hub (GTH). The project is undertaken by the City of Regina, Sherwood No. 159 rural municipality (RM) Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (MHI) and Transport Canada to provide an Intermodal freight transport center and the road infrastructure between two National Highway System routes. C$27 million will be contributed by the Government of Canada as part of the Asia-Pacific Gateway and Corridor Initiative (APGCI) towards this $93 million project. The provincial government will commit about $27 million to the project. Former Highways and Infrastructure Minister Wayne Elhard discussed expanding the Government's role in the next phase of the development project. The average vehicles per day (vpd) on both Hwy 1 and Hwy 11 were examined in 5 year, and 25 year projections. The traffic on Hwy 1 is expected to have an average of 10,140 / 11,210 vpd on the west and east side of the proposed interchange in five years. This amount in 25 years is expected to increase to 21,040 vpd on the west and 31, 340 vpd on the east side of the proposed interchange respectively. Hwy 11 is projected to increase from 13,060 to 23870 vpd in 25 years. The new connector road across Dewdney Avenue will carry 5,500 vpd projected in 5 years increasing to 33,000 vpd in 25 years. Currently the Average Annual Daily Traffic (AADT) on Hwy 1 is 9,280 vpd west of Pinkie Road, and 11,680 on the east side of Pinkie Road. On Hwy 11 east of the interchange the AADT is 8,840. On Pinkie Road south of the interchange the traffic volume is 7,740 vpd. John Law, deputy minister of Highways and Infrastructure estimated that it will cost about $45 million to upgrade service roads to Pinkie Road and the intermodal facility to support approximately 1,400 commercial trucks per week in the area. The current proposal is looking at a 4 lane twinned highway with service roads. It will become part of the long term bypass route around Regina, and will accommodate future growth of the city to a population of 300,000. Pinkie Road will be approximately in length. The annexation of land by the city from the RM of Sherwood is being negotiated and the city will pay about $1,500,000 and supply water to the RM for the land segment.
The city initially considered four industrial land options for development Argyle Park - IPSCO lands, Regina Airport, Ross Industrial Park and the Pinkie Road and Trans-Canada Highway areas. In November 2007, Regina City Council examined a report which studied projected industrial growth for the city of Regina until 2027. The study proposed a new industrial area west of the Regina airport. The major roads would be constructed by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure and they would be supported by a $7 million payment by the City of Regina. The city also examined at this concept plan the cost of $54 million for infrastructure servicing of facilities. Regina's general manager of corporate services is looking at servicing fees and development levies to help repay the loan. A 20 year time frame will extend land use to also include a light industrial park. A number of open houses were held with the public to determine planning, road alignments, access points and general location of the new connector road. Following the advisement of two consultation firms the City of Regina has determined to proceed with the land development and water, drainage, and wastewater management procedures outlined for the Regina Inland Port. There will be two phases of land development the land development west of Pinkie Road will constitute phase 1 and east of Pinkie Road will be Phase 2.
Intermodal facility.
The Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) intermodal facility (IMF) currently located in Regina's downtown will be re-located west of the city which will enable the CPR to expand its facilities at a new location enabling a more efficient staging of trains. The Regina Regional Economic Development Authority RREDA has worked on establishing Regina as a transportation hub, and this inland port brings together air, road and rail travel services for the export and import of goods. The CPR IMF will be joined by Loblaws Company Limited $200-million western Canadian distribution facility. The multimodal hub will encourage North American trade and world distribution, transportation, imports and exports.
Environmental and heritage impact.
The proposal is studying the impact the new roadway will have on protected species of fauna in Saskatchewan such as the burrowing owl "(Athene cunicularia)", loggerhead shrike "(Lanius ludovicianus)", Sprague's pipit "{Anthus spragueii"}, peregrine pflcon "(Falco peregrinus)", yellow rail "(Coturnicops noveboracensis)", monarch butterfly "(Danaus plexippus)" and northern leopard frog (Rana pipiens). Flora of Saskatchewan which may be impacted would be the Prairie Ragwort "(Senecio plattensis)" and Geyer's onion "(Allium geyeri)". The Presbyterian Indian Residential School Cemetery is also located in this vicinity north of Dewdney Avenue and east of Pinkie Road. The project is being planned to meet any requirements set forth under the Building Canada Plan as well as evaluation of project procedures for environmental concerns as set out by the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act. 
Intersections south to north.
"Length is approximate based on local roads currently existing."

</doc>
<doc id="21466919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466919" title="Fallou">
Fallou

Fallou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 43 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 30,239.

</doc>
<doc id="21466923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466923" title="Mecho Wars">
Mecho Wars

Mecho Wars is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Oyaji Games and designed by Luc Bernard which is set in the same world as "Eternity's Child". It was released for the iPhone OS on June 13, 2009. It will be released for DSiWare and WiiWare in future. It was released on PlayStation Minis on January 10, 2012 in North America and January 25, 2012 in Europe. It was also released on December 11, 2010 on PC and Mac.
Soundtrack.
The "Mecho Wars" soundtrack was composed by Sean Beeson, with additional music provided by Justin Wasack, Pontus Rufelt, AF THE NAYSAYER, Aidin Ashoori, and vocals by Genna Bain. The sound effects were created by Justin Wasack.
The WiiWare version features an exclusive song.
Awards.
Mecho Wars got nominated in Best Handheld Audio for the 2010 GANG Awards, up against , , Gran Turismo PSP and .
Reception.
Reviews for "Mecho Wars" have been generally positive. It received a score of 4 out of 5 from appvee.com. Gamerlimit.com gave Mecho Wars an 8.5 out of 10 Appversity said "where "UniWar" brought a bland, but solid entry to the TBS genre, "Mecho Wars" counters with a flashy and vibrant style. With this style and the innovative time twist, I can safely say that upon the release of online multiplayer, "Mecho Wars" will be a must-have". Slide To Play gave the game a 4 out of 4. Meanwhile, PSPminis.com gave it a 9/10 for the PlayStation Minis version saying "Mecho Wars is very polished and full of content."

</doc>
<doc id="21466925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466925" title="Yellowstone Valley Railroad">
Yellowstone Valley Railroad

The Yellowstone Valley Railroad is a shortline railroad in northeastern Montana, also crossing into North Dakota. It operates two branch lines leased from the BNSF Railway in 2005 - Snowden to Glendive and Bainville to Scobey - connected by trackage rights over BNSF's Northern Transcon between Snowden and Bainville.
History.
The northern segment, from Bainville to Scobey, was constructed by the Great Northern Railway (GN), opening to Plentywood in 1911 and Scobey in 1914. A further extension was built to Opheim and later abandoned. The other line was built as a pair of branch lines connecting Sidney to the GN at Snowden and the Northern Pacific Railway (NP) at Glendive. The Snowden-Sidney piece was completed by the Montana Eastern Railway, a GN subsidiary, in 1915, and the remainder by the NP in 1912. Effective August 15, 2005, the YSVR leased both of these lines from the BNSF Railway, successor to the GN and NP.

</doc>
<doc id="21466954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466954" title="Guéniébé">
Guéniébé

Guéniébé is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village is 25 km northeast of Nara, the administrative centre of the cercle.
The commune has an area of 2,925 km2 and contains 18 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,668. It is bordered to the north by the frontier with the Republic of Mauritania, to the southeast by the commune of Guiré and to the west by the commune of Nara. 
The commune has an sahelian climate with an annual rainfall of around 400 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="21466963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21466963" title="Guiré">
Guiré

Guiré is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune covers an area of 6,892 square kilometers and extends to the Mauritanian border. It contains 25 villages and had a population of 19,879 in the 2009 census. The town of Guiré is 90 km southeast of Nara, the administrative centre ("chef-lieu") of the cercle.

</doc>
<doc id="21467000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467000" title="Koronga">
Koronga

Koronga is a village and commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village is 40 km northwest of Nara, the administrative centre of the cercle, and 20 km south of the Mauritanian border. The commune contains 17 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 7,931.
The commune has a Sahelian climate with an annual rainfall of around 400 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="21467030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467030" title="2009 Super League Grand Final">
2009 Super League Grand Final

The 2009 Super League Grand Final was held on Saturday 10 October 2009, at Old Trafford, Manchester, UK. The match was contested by defending champions and 2009 League Leaders Leeds Rhinos, and the team they had faced in the grand final for the past two years, St Helens. 
The 2009 decider, contested by the sides finishing 1st and 2nd in the competition, was a very close contest, played at a furious pace from end to end with the lead changing several times and rarely being more than a single point. Every ruling on try-scoring situations was given by the video referee, with some allowed and some disallowed, including a few very close and controversial calls. Leeds Rhinos were eventual victors, winning the match 18 to 10. They became the first side in Super League history to be champions in three successive years.
Route to final.
Regular season final standings
Leeds Rhinos.
Position in Super League table: 1st
St Helens.
Position in Super League table: 2nd
Match details.
It was the third consecutive year that these two teams faced each other in the Super League Grand Final. Both sides were at full strength.
Pre-match entertainment was provided by The Wombats, an indie rock band from Liverpool, UK. The band performed songs from their album, "". All Angels, a classical and pop group, performed, with Yorkshire Co-op Brass Band, the Grand Final anthem, Jerusalem.
1st half.
St Helens kicked off and after thirteen minutes of end-to-end football they were thirty metres out from Leeds' goal-line when Jon Wilkin chip-kicked the ball ahead for Kyle Eastmond to regather, crossing the line then running back infield to improve the field position for the kick before grounding it. Video referee Phil Bentham only gave the four points after checking that there was no knock-on in the regather and Grand Final débutante Eastmond converted his own try to give the Saints a 6 nil lead. In the twenty-sixth minute, St. Helens were again down in Leeds' half when Sean Long put up a bomb and as the ball came down the Rhinos defence was ruled to have interfered with the attacking Saints players, drawing a penalty. The decision to take the two points was made and the goal was kicked by Eastmond, pushing St. Helens' lead out to 8 nil. A few minutes later Leeds had managed to get to the other end of the field and were on the attack when Matt Diskin dived over the line from dummy-half, reaching out through the defenders to put the ball down. The video referee was again called on to make the ruling and gave the try. Kevin Sinfield's conversion attempt hit the upright so the score was 8 - 4 in favour of St. Helens with less than ten minutes of the first half remaining. In the thirty-seventh minute the Rhinos were again in an attacking position when Danny McGuire got the ball out to the right and chipped it ahead in goal where the St. Helens defence failed to secure it and Lee Smith came through to touch it down. Sinfield again missed the conversion so the scores remained level at 8 all and did not change before the half-time siren.
2nd half.
Leeds kicked off and the ball went over the line after touching the arm of St. Helens' winger Ade Gardner. This gave a scrum feed to the Rhinos in an attacking position and when Sinfield got the ball close to the uprights he kicked a drop goal, putting Leeds in front for the first time in the match at 9 - 8. Just on forty-five minutes St. Helens centre Matt Gidley made a break and sent his winger Ade Gardner racing down the sideline to try to score in the corner. But after video analysis it was shown that the Leeds defenders coming across had forced him into touch before he grounded the ball. In the 58th minute St. Helens were again down at Leeds' end of the field when they got a penalty for a high shot on Sean Long from Rob Burrow. Saints opted to take the two points and Kyle Eastmond performed his third successful kick in a row, giving his side a one point lead at 10-9. About seven minutes later Leeds were right down on St. Helens' goal line when Keiron Cunningham, in an attempt to slow things down, knocked the ball out of a Rhinos player's arms as he got up to play it, giving away a penalty. Sinfield's kick from right in front was never going to miss, so the one-point lead was with Leeds once again at 11-10, now with just over fifteen minutes remaining. At the sixty-eight-minute mark, St. Helens were on the attack and moved the ball out to Eastmond's wing where he dived over in the corner. Again the video referee was called on to check whether the St. Helens winger was taken into touch before scoring and he was, a desperate tackle by Sinfield pushing Eastmond's body into the corner post. Back at the other end of the field, Saints' goal-line defence was forced to absorb mounting pressure as Leeds attacked repeatedly, eventually penetrating when a chip kick from McGuire on the last tackle was chased and picked up by Lee Smith who touched down in the seventy-third minute. Once more the video referee's decision was requested, this time to check whether the scorer was on-side. Despite Smith appearing to be slightly in front of McGuire when the ball left his boot, the benefit of the doubt was given and the try was awarded. The extras were kicked from straight in front by Sinfield, so the score was 17-10 in favour of Leeds with under seven minutes of play remaining. Just on the seventy-eight-minute mark the ball went to Rob Burrow for a drop goal attempt which he kicked successfully, putting the score at 18-10, which it would remain until the full-time siren.
It was the Rhinos' two-try hero, Lee Smith's final game for Leeds before moving to rugby union. Leeds' forward Kevin Sinfield was awarded the Harry Sunderland Trophy as man-of-the-match.
The following day over 8,000 fans were at Headingley Carnegie Stadium to celebrate the victorious Leeds players' homecoming.
Telecast details.
The Grand Final was shown in 30 countries worldwide with a potential audience of over 100 million people. In addition to a live broadcast in the United Kingdom by primary broadcast partner Sky Sports, the game was also shown live in the United States, the Middle East, Russia, Romania, Poland and New Zealand. France, Australia, Papua New Guinea, Serbia, Croatia, Slovenia and Spain saw the match in a delayed telecast. BBC Sport showed an hour-long programme of extended highlights.
2010 World Club Challenge.
Having won the grand final, the Leeds Rhinos had earned the right to play against the 2009 NRL grand final-winners, the Melbourne Storm in the 2010 World Club Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="21467036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467036" title="Anna Uryniuk">
Anna Uryniuk

Anna Uryniuk (born February 8, 1974) is a retired female butterfly swimmer from Poland, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21467051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467051" title="Barry Johnson (hurler)">
Barry Johnson (hurler)

Barry Johnson (born 17 June 1984 in Rathcormac, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Bride Rovers and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009. 
Playing career.
Club.
Johnson plays his club hurling with his local club called Bride Rovers and has enjoyed much success. In 2003 he helped his club to take the county intermediate championship title following a ten-point victory over Inniscarra. Bride Rovers later represented Cork in the provincial series of games and even reached the final. Kilruane MacDonagh's of Tipperary provided the opposition on that occasion, however, victory went to Bride Rovers. It gave Johnson a coveted Munster club winners' medal at intermediate level. Bride Rovers subsequently lined out in the county senior championship. In 2008 the club even reached the final, with Sarsfield's providing the opposition. A narrow 2-14 to 2-13 defeat, however, resulted in Johnson ending up on the losing side on that occasion.
Inter-county.
Johnson first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork 'development panel' in late 2008 during the 2008-2009 Cork players strike. Johnson first lined out for Cork, as captain, in a challenge game to celebrate the 150th anniversary of St. Colman's College in Fermoy. He played in some further challenge games and was named at midfield for Cork's National Hurling League campaign. Johnson made his competitive senior début in the 4-14 to 1-14 defeat by Dublin in the opening round of the National Hurling League 2009. He subsequently lined out in all of Cork's National League games and was one of the few players from the 'development panel' that remained on the team when the 2008 panel returned.

</doc>
<doc id="21467068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467068" title="Southwestern High School (Hanover, Indiana)">
Southwestern High School (Hanover, Indiana)

Southwestern High School is located in Hanover, Indiana. There are approximately 480 students in grades 9 through 12.
History.
Southwestern High School was founded in 1960 with the consolidation of Saluda and Hanover high schools. Since the two schools were located in the southwestern region of Jefferson County, Indiana, the school was officially named "Southwestern Jefferson County Consolidated High School". Originally, the school was located in the edifice of the old Hanover High School. However, the old school was severely damaged in the April 3, 1974 tornado Super Outbreak that ravaged much of the Midwest. The current building was built over the following year.
Fine arts.
Southwestern is home to the Rebel Regiment, a marching band affiliated with the Mid-States Band Association. Because the school does not have a football team, the Rebel Regiment is purely competitive. In 1998, the Rebel Regiment attended its first state finals with ISSMA and earned tenth place in Class D, a class for small schools. Two years later, in 2000, it earned third place honors. After an incident in the 2004 marching season the regiment switched to the Mid-States Band Association, leaving ISSMA behind indefinitely.
The Rebel Regiment marching band won MidStates Class A Championship during 2005. They also received superior ratings in concert band. The Rebel Regiment competed once again in the MidStates marching circuit in 2006. They won the preliminary competition and went on to place 3rd at Finals and win the title of best percussion. In 2007 the Regiment again competed in the Midstates circuit, winning first place at every competition they attended including preliminaries and the finals competition. In 2008 the Regiment again competed in the Midstates circuit, winning first place at every competition but 3. The Regiment won the finals competition for the 2nd year in a row, becoming the first organization in the school to win back-to-back championships.
Southwestern High School is also home to the award-winning "Esprit" show choir. Esprit consists of singers/dancers, stage crew, and a small band. They travel around the state to compete as well as to several surrounding states. They also host the 'Ohio Valley Showcase' each year in March. This year was Esprit's 25th anniversary.
Athletics and activities.
Southwestern is a member of the Indiana High School Athletic Association (IHSAA) and its mascot is the Rebels. Its athletic teams are a part of the Ohio River Valley Conference.
Southwestern holds a strong tradition in Indiana boys' and girls' high school basketball. During the school's initial years, its boys' basketball team was consistently among the strongest programs in the state, although under Indiana's one-class system, by which schools competed for the state championship regardless of school size, the Rebels never made it past the semi-state level. When Indiana adopted the 4-class system in 1997, however, Southwestern saw great success and in 1998, the boys' team was the 1998 Class AA Indiana Boys' Basketball State runners-up. Subsequent seasons have failed to match that initial success, and the boys' basketball team has not since made it further than the sectionals finals.
Southwestern High School's girls' basketball team was the 2002 Class AA Indiana State Champions as well as the 2003 Class AA Indiana State Runners-up. Donna Cheatham, the coach of the girls' basketball team, is the most successful coach in Indiana high school girls' basketball history. Prior to her arrival at Southwestern in 1997, Southwestern hosted a forgettable girls' program, but in the years since it has remained a powerhouse, not only in Class AA, but also among all schools in the state, with wins over Class AAA and AAAA powerhouses such as Jeffersonville and New Albany. Despite regional losses in 2005 and 2006, the team remains among the state's most respected programs and consistently ranks near to top of AA state polls.
Southwestern's baseball team has not been highly successful over the past several years, but it looks to improve with the hiring of its new coach. Despite their lowly past several seasons, sectional championships are not far out of reach. They have had strong teams in the past and have promising upcoming players.
Track: in the 2006 season the team had a good year with a very devoted team. No one got to state, unfortunately, but several members got to regionals. Several school and track records were set, particularly by Zack Scrogham broke a 33-year-old discus record, Miles Courtney-sprinter, and Derick Clark, Anthony Sinders, Jay Druba, Justin Druba-mid and long distance.
Over the past couple years, the Southwestern Soccer team has improved greatly. In 2005, the Rebels posted their first winning season in years. After a dominant season, the team won the first round sectional game, heading to the semifinal round. After a very tough game, Southwestern lost to archrival Madison 1-0. After the season, coach Steve Drossart resigned, and current coach Dave Bramer moved from the middle school to the high school. In 2006, the Rebels proved themselves again by being a winning team. Two winning soccer seasons in a row was unheard of until just recently. After the successful season, the Rebels marched to sectionals with very high expectations. After a hard fought match, the Rebels were once again held back by Madison. Southwestern's Soccer team has come a very long way, 5 years ago they only had ten players on the team, now they are a strong contender in this year's sectionals. The Southwestern Soccer program has grown rapidly and still has a great chance to continue growing.
Extracurricular activities.
Speech: in the 2005/06 year the team sent several members to state, including a freshman, in foreign extemporaneous; a sophomore, in oratorical interpretation, for the second time; a junior, in foreign extemporaneous, also for the second time; and a senior in poetry interpretation, second time. At the end of the year, four members graduated, and the coaches moved to Rhode Island. The team continues this year coached by students from the local college, on a somewhat reduced scale.

</doc>
<doc id="21467083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467083" title="Phyllis Morris">
Phyllis Morris

Phyllis Morris (born October 19, 1925 in Chicago, Illinois; died September 5, 1988 in Los Angeles, California) was an American furniture designer known for her colorful persona, her outspokenness on decorating and her distinctive furniture and interior designs, especially her large and highly decorative beds. She was often referred to by the media as the "designer to the stars." By the time of her death, Morris had left a mark in the world of interior design in each of the four decades since the founding of her company Phyllis Morris Originals in 1953.
Early career.
While a teenager, Morris' family moved from Chicago to Los Angeles where she pursued art classes at UCLA as well as a brief stint in acting. In 1953 Morris created a lamp whose design was based on one of her primitive figure clay sculptures. The lamp was manufactured by W.J. Sloan's, a Los Angeles department store and became so successful that Morris decided to pursue self-manufacturing of the second lamp design—a poodle lamp modeled after her own pink-dyed poodle Pamela—and set up a factory in nearby Burbank. Three years later in 1956 Morris married Nathan Goller, a prominent Beverly Hills attorney, and together they would have two children, James and Jamie.
The poodle lamp propelled Morris into the limelight and it wasn't long before she became a local celebrity. Often wearing a full-length mink coat and pink pedal pusher slacks, she would drive throughout Los Angeles in a pink Cadillac convertible with its top down and the front and back seats filled with pink poodle lamps and real pink-dyed poodles in the front seat. Not only did the residents of L.A. take note of Morris and her colorful marketing technique, but famed newspaper columnist Walter Winchell would eventually write "Who's the wise guy that said 'beauty and business don't mix?' Meet striking blonde Phyllis Morris. She's been setting this nation's furniture styling for ten years." 
Style.
Shortly after opening a lighting showroom in 1955 on Melrose Place in Los Angeles, Morris began adding her own furniture designs to round out the offerings. Initially these furniture collections drew upon the Spanish Colonial look with dark woods, large carved scrollwork and baroque elements as well as other Mediterranean-inspired styles. As the 1960s approached, Morris included more modern styles using lacquer and exotic finishes and materials and moved to a larger showroom on nearby Beverly Boulevard in 1961. The "swinging sixties" fueled by a youth culture fascinated with music, fashion and alternative arts and religions ushered in a freer social attitude towards lifestyles which gave Morris and others in the design profession an opportunity to shake up the interior design world (which still relied heavily on English and Colonial American influences) with her distinctive vision of how colorful and eclectic interiors could be.
A typical Morris room setting during the mid-1960s would find Asian, African and Pop Art accessories and "objets d'art" commingling with often large or over-scaled furniture. All together, this created a look that defined Morris' style which brought international attention to high-profile residential interiors and hotel projects where her pieces were used. Bright colors, large patterns and bold designs were devices favored by Morris to make a design statement wherever possible. "I'm a designer's designer," she told "The Globe and Mail" in 1961., alluding to her role as a source of furnishings to the top interior designers in the industry. Over the course of time, Morris developed a loyal following among interior designers and prominent figures on the Los Angeles arts and culture scene.
Becoming more entrenched in the social world of Los Angeles and Hollywood as her fame grew, Morris befriended many in the show business community and counted Joan Crawford, Lucille Ball, Gypsy Rose Lee, Liberace, Joan Collins, Regis Philbin and author Harold Robbins, to name a few, as part of her inner circle. And so impressive were Morris' parties at both her Beverly Hills home and her Los Angeles showroom that "Town & Country" magazine wrote "Certainly this was THE top party of the holiday season," referring to a 1966 soiree at Morris' 17-room manse. Many Hollywood film fans would have relished being at the Morris showroom in 1970 when Joan Crawford stopped in to look for artwork for her home. Morris offered the screen legend a Coca-Cola. The following day, 20 cases of Pepsi-Cola arrived at the Phyllis Morris showroom with a note from Crawford saying "Pour all those Cokes down the drain."
During personal appearances and media interviews, Morris would offer provocative quips or do something seemingly outrageous which provided never-ending material for the press and often made headlines around the globe. "The Toronto Daily Star" ran a photo of Morris wearing a mink coat backwards in public which "shocked the other women" of Toronto noted reporter Penny Longley on Morris' first-ever visit to the Canadian city. Morris casually referred to the coat as her "mink muu muu." Among her many eyebrow-raising quotes: "Twin beds have no place in a happy marriage, but separate bedrooms have and "Minimalism is for those without much to say." When it came to talking about herself, Morris was always forthcoming but with a sense of humor. "I don't think anyone in our family is hurt by the fact that I don't scrub floors or peel potatoes," she told "Home Furnishings Daily". "As a matter of fact, they'd rather I wouldn't because I'm so bad at housekeeping.
Extravagant Interiors.
In addition to designing furniture for residences in Los Angeles and around the country, Morris enjoyed creating pieces for high-roller suites in Las Vegas, Nevada where her opulent style was a perfect match. Her interiors for the Imperial Suite at the International Hotel built by mega-developer Kirk Kerkorian cost more than $200,000 to furnish, a handsome sum for 1970. A columnist reported in the "Chicago Tribune" that helicopters were needed to airlift Morris' massively-scaled furniture through the penthouse windows. "She's tops in this town," said writer Norma Lee Browning about Morris. The first occupant of this suite was Frank Sinatra, followed by Jackie and Aristotle Onassis for whom the space was originally designed. Morris always wondered what the former First Lady and the Greek shipping tycoon thought of the fur rugs she used throughout. Morris also provided furnishings for Elvis Presley's suite at the Las Vegas Hilton in the mid-1970s with its black carpeting and furniture upholstered in white and yellow silk. "We had to redo his sofas twice a year," Morris told the "Houston Chronicle". "He didn't care if he damaged the room, but he didn't want anybody else hurting things. And there were always white and yellow orchids." 
Such was Morris' reputation for producing lavish and expensive beds that "People" magazine ran a feature story on her in 1978, noting such clients as Gladys Knight, Allan Carr, Cher and even Who drummer Keith Moon (for whom Morris outfitted a Malibu, California beach house). "I knew I had to make something that no one else could build cheaper," said Morris about her beds. "In Vegas, I've done beds in gold with gold inlays." Among the interiors and furnishings Morris created for film producer Allan Carr ("Grease; Grease 2") was a glittering Egyptian-themed subterranean disco in his Beverly Hills house where actors John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John danced the night away for the paparazzi. Newton-John would later appear in a risque photo taken in the Phyllis Morris showroom by renowned photographer Helmut Newton who posed the singer topless for her 1985 "Soul Kiss" album artwork.
Business leadership.
Active in the business sector of the design community as well, Phyllis Morris was vice president of the Beverly-Robertson Association, a Los Angeles-based organization she helped established in 1979 to "upgrade the appearance of the West Side design center area centered on Beverly and Robertson boulevards and to create a unique visual identity for it." This was the first organization of its kind for L.A.'s booming interior design district which would later separate from Los Angeles in 1984 to become the City of West Hollywood. After cityhood was achieved due to the efforts of Morris and others in the design district, she would go on to serve on the board of directors for the West Hollywood Marketing Corporation.
The Phyllis Morris Beverly Boulevard showroom was host to many charitable and political fund-raising events for more than three decades, as well as fashion and art shows. During the early 1960s, Morris befriended artist Margaret Keane, a painter known internationally for her big-eyed "waifs." Morris hosted a number of shows for Keane in Los Angeles and would eventually commission dozens of works from her—works which are still owned by Morris' family members. The late famed fashion commentator Mr. Blackwell wrote of Morris, "Her showroom has been the scene for raising literally millions of dollars over the years for worthy causes...she has become one of the great hostesses in town." 
The 1980s.
In the 1980s, Morris wrote a long-running column which appeared in the "Beverly Hills Courier", the "Baltimore Sun" and the "Orange County Register" appropriately named "Living in Style," in which she dispensed advice on decorating ranging from the practical to the extravagant. Morris was also a frequent guest on the Los Angeles television show "A.M. Los Angeles" in the early 1980s where she demonstrated interior design techniques for host Regis Philbin.
Shortly before her untimely passing, Morris was named Woman of the Year in 1988 by City of Hope hospital in Southern California. Morris also received a commendation in November 1988 from Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley recognizing her achievements as "an outstanding woman in America."
Because of their dramatic design and presence, many Phyllis Morris pieces have been featured in both films and television shows ranging from "Dynasty" in the 1980s to "Oceans 12" in 2004 as well as music videos in 2007 and 2008 by Mariah Carey and P. Diddy to name a few.
In 2005, the Phyllis Morris Originals showroom moved from its 8772 Beverly Boulevard location to 655 N. Robertson Boulevard in West Hollywood, approximately three blocks to the northwest. The company has been headed by Morris' daughter Jamie Adler who runs the business along with her husband John Adler and her father Nathan Goller. With the move to Robertson Boulevard, the company added two divisions: Circa Furniture which offers a contemporary collection of furniture; and 655 Home, a luxury home accessories boutique created by Adler as well. Today Phyllis Morris Originals remains an international resource for high-end custom furniture.
GTP Fine Furniture do some product for Phyllis Morris view more in gothienphu.com

</doc>
<doc id="21467089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467089" title="Nishapur County">
Nishapur County

Nishapur County () is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Nishapur. At the 2006 census, its population (including portions of the county later split off from the county to form Firuzeh County) was 441,184, in 118,214 families; excluding those portions, the population was 391,361 in 105,633 families. 
The county includes the following four districts: Central District, Sarvelayat District, Zeberkhan District, and Miyan Jolgeh District.
The county includes the following six cities: Chekneh, Kharv, Darrud, Eshqabad, Qadamgah, and Nishapur.

</doc>
<doc id="21467092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467092" title="Ballé, Mali">
Ballé, Mali

Ballé is a village and seat of the commune of Dogofry in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="21467106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467106" title="NOLA Express">
NOLA Express

NOLA Express is a singular publication started in 1967 in New Orleans as part of the Underground Free Press movement of the 1960s that protested the Vietnam War and other government policies along with social hypocrisies. Published by two young poets, Darlene Fife and Robert Head, and produced by a dedicated band of activists, poets and illustrators based in the French Quarter, NOLA Express was profoundly opposed to American imperialism, racism and materialism. The paper was named after William S. Burroughs's cut-up novel, "Nova Express", and published uncensored news, art and literature featuring Charles Bukowski, Hedwig Gorski, and many others.
"NOLA Express" was one of the most outrageous papers of the 1960s. It was one of the most notorious underground newspapers to join UPS and rallied activists, poets, and artists by giving them uncensored voice. Editors Robert Head and Darlene Fife were part of political protests that extended the "memeo revolution" through pamphleteering used by freedom-of-speech poets during the 1960s. "NOLA Express" was also a member of COSMEP (Committee of Small Magazine Editors and Publishers). These two affiliations with organizations that were often at cross purposes made "NOLA Express" one of the most radical and controversial publications of the counterculture movement. Part of the controversy about "NOLA Express" included graphic photographs and illustrations that many in today's society would be banned as pornographic. 
Bukowski's syndicated column, "Notes of a Dirty Old Man," ran in "NOLA Express", and Francisco McBride's illustration for the Bukowski's "The Fuck Machine" was considered sexist, pornographic, and created an uproar. All of this controversy helped to increase the readership and bring attention to the political causes that editors Fife and Head supported.
In 1967, the cooperative Underground Press Syndicate (UPS) was formed at the instigation of the publisher of another early paper, the "East Village Other". The UPS allowed member papers to freely reprint content from any of the other member papers. One can make a comparison between the democratic free speech newspapers like NOLA Express and Wiki publications on the Internet today. 
New Orleans was considered the "Third Coast" by the 1960s migrants of the counterculture who hitch-hiked between San Francisco, Austin, New Orleans, Key West and New York. These Hippies and other social revolutionaries were able to find support, free housing and food, and work without commitments on this counterculture circuit. NOLA Express was mobilized by an ever-changing ragtag army of street vendors, and at its peak sold 11,000 copies every two weeks. 
Dripping with righteous venom and acid, "NOLA Express" beat federal obscenity charges in a landmark decision in 1971. Poet and translator Fife has written a personal and insightful memoir of the paper, the people who produced it, and the community it served titled "Portraits from Memory: New Orleans in The Sixties". The book includes some of the correspondence and illustration from notorious issues. The archives of correspondence and issues are now housed at the University of Connecticut.
Contents in Issue June 1972.
The contents of a single issue covered investigative reporting about environmental and community issues, essays about current political and social issues, bold cartoons, statements by self-styled fringe leaders, and more created for the large fringe Hippie and artist society of New Orleans and Algiers across the Mississippi River by bridge or ferry. 
Issue of NOLA Express #108 from June 9, 1972, with cover art by Hedwig Gorski pictured at right.
Contents: 
The underground press movement unified those in the anti-establishment service, social, and political movements along with the bohemian circuit of artists, freewheeling travelers and hitchhikers into a force that permanently impacted American policy and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="21467137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467137" title="Bob Holt (fiddler)">
Bob Holt (fiddler)

Bob Holt was an American fiddler, playing old-time and for square dances. He was known for his lightning-fast, energetic style of playing. He was born on November 25, 1930 in Ava, Douglas County, Missouri. He died March 19, 2004 in Ava. 
In 1999 he received a $10,000 National Heritage Award from the National Endowment for the Arts for his music [http://www.morninmail.com/_archives/9may28.html].
Recordings.
He appears on:

</doc>
<doc id="21467141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467141" title="2009 Open GDF Suez – Doubles">
2009 Open GDF Suez – Doubles

Alona Bondarenko and Kateryna Bondarenko were the defending champions but they chose not to compete this year.

</doc>
<doc id="21467142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467142" title="My Friend the Fanatic">
My Friend the Fanatic

My Friend the Fanatic (published 2008-09) is a travel narrative by the Indian-American author Sadanand Dhume about his exploration of radical Islam in Indonesia, the world’s most populous Muslim country. Dhume’s travel companion is a young Javanese, an Osama bin Laden admirer who edits the country’s foremost fundamentalist magazine.
The travels described in the book begin at the site of the 2002 bombing of the Sari Club in Bali and end nearly two years later in Ambon, the scene of a civil war between Muslims and Christians. Some of the famous personalities Dhume encounters include Abu Bakar Bashir, the head of Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian branch of Al Qaeda, Inul Daratista, a popular singer and inventor of a risque dance called drilling, and the televangelist A. A. Gym. The places he visits include Bandung, Yogyakarta, South Sulawesi and Balikpapan on the island of Borneo
As a self-described atheist, Dhume views the rise of both radical Islamic politics and orthodox Islamic practice in Indonesia with concern. He challenges the belief that Indonesia’s syncretic form of Islam makes it immune to inroads by radical Islam.
"My Friend the Fanatic" was first published by Text Publishing in Melbourne, Australia in 2008 (ISBN 9781921351402), and will be reprinted by Skyhorse Publishing in New York in 2009 (ISBN 1602396434).
The Australian edition of the book has drawn both praise and criticism. Writing in the "Far Eastern Economic Review", Robert W. Hefner of Boston University, a noted scholar of Indonesian Islam, called it “fine book [that tells us much about Indonesia and about Islamism, one of the most important political phenomena of our age.” The Asian edition of "The Wall Street Journal" said that Dhume “Guides the reader deftly through the whirlpool these Islamist currents have created.” "The Sydney Morning Herald" called "My Friend the Fanatic" “an eye-opening piece of reportage.” However, "The Jakarta Post" criticized Dhume for pointing out the ideological affinity between the terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah and the powerful Islamist political party PKS (Prosperous Justice Party). The reviewer called Dhume’s observation “clearly very dangerous and misleading.”
External links.
Text Publishing website: http://www.textpublishing.com.au/books-and-authors/book/my-friend-the-fanatic
Skyhorse Publishing website: http://www.skyhorsepublishing.com/details.php?TitleID=357
Author website: www.sadananddhume.com
REVIEWS:

</doc>
<doc id="21467143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467143" title="Werrington, Staffordshire">
Werrington, Staffordshire

"For other places with the same name, see Werrington."
Werrington is a small village in the Staffordshire moorlands district of Staffordshire, England. Standing 875 ft above sea level and known for its windmill standing at the summit, Werrington has gone through substantial expansion in the last few years.
Moorside High School is located in Werrington. The village is also home to HM Prison Werrington, a prison for male juveniles.

</doc>
<doc id="21467163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467163" title="Henry Samueli School of Engineering">
Henry Samueli School of Engineering

The Henry Samueli School of Engineering (HSSoE) is the academic unit of the University of California, Irvine (UC Irvine) that oversees academic research and teaching in disciplines of the field of engineering. Established when the campus opened in 1965, the school consists of five departments, each of which is involved in academic research in its specific field, as well as several interdisciplinary fields. The school confers Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, and Doctor of Philosophy degrees.
According to the UC Irvine academic catalogue, HSSoE research areas include: biochemical and bioreactor engineering, earthquake engineering, water resources, transportation, parallel and distributed computer systems, intelligent systems and neural networks, image and signal processing, opto-electronic devices and materials, high-frequency devices and systems, integrated micro and nanoscale systems, fuel cell technology, fluid mechanics, combustion and jet propulsion, materials processing, robotics, and modern control theory.
In 2000, the school, along with its counterpart at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), were renamed in honor of Henry Samueli, co-founder of Irvine-based Broadcom Corporation, for his 1999 donations of $20 million and $30 million to the schools of engineering at UC Irvine and UCLA, respectively.
The Dean of the HSSoE is Gregory Washington, who has held the position since August 1, 2011.
Departments.
Degrees conferred.
Each of the five departments confers Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, and Doctor of Philosophy degrees. The School of Engineering also offers a general B.S. degree in Engineering to upper-division students who wish to pursue an interdisciplinary program of study spanning more than one of the engineering departments, or a program not offered by one of the departments such as hydrology or project management.
The School of Engineering offers interdisciplinary degrees in conjunction with the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences: a B.S. in Computer Science and Engineering, and M.S. and Ph.D. in Networked Systems.
Most, but not all, undergraduate degree programs are accredited by ABET. The first program to receive accreditation was Electrical Engineering in 1968; the most recent was Biomedical Engineering in 2008. Programs not accredited include the three aforementioned interdisciplinary degrees (general Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering, Networked Systems).
Research Centers.
In keeping with the University of California's primary mission as a research institution, all of the HSSoE's departments are involved in academic research. Additionally, HSSoE faculty and students are involved with several interdisciplinary research centers affiliated with UCI, other academic, research, or medical institutions, government agencies, and private industry. These research centers include:
Facilities.
Most of the school's facilities occupy one of the "spokes" of the UC Irvine campus' "Ring Road", its main circular pedestrian mall on which the university's academic schools (except for Arts, Business, and Medicine) are situated. This includes department offices, faculty offices, laboratories, classrooms and lecture halls, and a number of research facilities. Architecturally speaking, the school consists of a buildings ranging from brutalist to postmodern.
The brutalist Engineering Tower, designed by the Los Angeles firm Kistner, Wright & Wright and constructed in 1969-1970 during the campus' original building boom, is the tallest building on the main campus. It is noted for its cantilevered design which makes it nearly twice as wide at the top than at the base. Most of the remaining buildings, including the postmodern Engineering Gateway and flagship Calit2 facility, were built during the campus building boom that has lasted from the late 1980s until the present. The school also has portable classroom buildings that house classrooms, laboratories, and offices.
For many years Engineering shared some facilities with the Department of Information and Computer Science (ICS), including the Frank Gehry-designed ICS/Engineering Research Facility (IERF). However, following ICS' 2002 elevation to school status, as well as its 2004 endowment from Orange County real estate mogul Donald Bren, ICS moved many of its laboratories and offices out of shared space into the newly constructed Bren Hall located between Engineering and the Physical Sciences. IERF was demolished in 2007 and Engineering Hall was built in its place.
Figures.
For the 2010-11 academic year, the HSSoE employed 106 full-time faculty. Undergraduate enrollment numbered at 2,579, while graduate enrollment numbered at 720 and annual research expenditures were $29 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21467165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467165" title="Ben Kadi">
Ben Kadi

Ben Kadi is a commune in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Samakele. In 1998 the commune had a population of 7606. 

</doc>
<doc id="21467171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467171" title="Quartissimo">
Quartissimo

Quartissimo are the string quartet made of Žiga Cerar (1st violin), Matjaž Bogataj (2nd violin), Luka Dukarić (viola) and Samo Dervišić (cello). 
They are young, but established musicians, having experience as soloists or members of different chamber orchestras, performing at home and abroad. All of them graduated from Violin Music School, and some - from Slovenian Philharmonic. They represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song Love Symphony but failed to qualify for the final. Composer and lyricist of the song is Andrej Babić, whose songs have represented 4 different countries at Eurovision: Croatia 2003, Bosnia-Herzegovina 2005, Slovenia 2007 and Portugal 2008. Originally the crossover song "Love Symphony" was written as instrumental, however, Eurovision rules prescribe all entries to have lyrics, thus a guest female vocal has been added to the song, performed by Martina Majerle, who was backing vocalist for Croatia 2003, Slovenia 2007 and Montenegro 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21467179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467179" title="Notukeu (electoral district)">
Notukeu (electoral district)

Notukeu was a provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, located south of Old Wives Lake. This district was created before the 3rd provincial election in 1912 as "Pinto Creek", after the rural municipality and the creek that flows through it. Redrawn and renamed "Notukeu" for the 1917 provincial election, the constituency was dissolved and combined with the Willow Bunch district (as Notukeu-Willow Bunch) before the 9th provincial election in 1938.
It is now part of the Wood River constituency.
Election results.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|772
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,127
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|Acclamation
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|2,240
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,114
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|5,054
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|5,255
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="21467184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467184" title="Yoko Kando">
Yoko Kando


</doc>
<doc id="21467202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467202" title="Tim Armstrong (ice hockey)">
Tim Armstrong (ice hockey)

Timothy S. Armstrong (born May 12, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 11 games for his hometown Toronto Maple Leafs in 1988–89.
Personal.
His daughter, Hannah Armstrong was part of Canada's National Women's Under-18 Team to a gold medal at the 2010 IIHF World Women's Under-18 Championship in Chicago. As a member of the gold medal-winning squad, a hockey card of her was featured in the Upper Deck 2010 World of Sports card series.

</doc>
<doc id="21467204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467204" title="Duguwolowula">
Duguwolowula

Duguwolowula is a commune in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The principal town lies at Touba. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 26,374. 

</doc>
<doc id="21467210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467210" title="Ur (novella)">
Ur (novella)

Ur is a novella by Stephen King. It was written exclusively for the Amazon Kindle platform, and became available for download on February 12, 2009. An audiobook edition was released on February 16, 2010 by Simon & Schuster Audio, read by Holter Graham.
It is 21,276 words. In a standard paperback edition (averaging 400 words/page), this would be about 53 pages.
Release.
King said, speaking about "Ur":
The delivery mechanism to my mind is secondary for me as a writer. [...] But I did this once before with a story called "Riding the Bullet" and I never had so many guys in suits come up to me and ask me questions. But they didn't want to know about the story, they didn't want to know about the process, they wanted to know about the delivery system, but to me that's secondary. [...] I think people will be more interested in the business aspect of ["Ur"] than they will in the story. I would never have agreed to it if I didn't think it was a pretty good story.
I decided I would like to write a story for the Kindle, but only if I could do one "about" the Kindle. Gadgets fascinate me, particularly if I can think of a way they might get weird. I had previously written about homicidal cars, sinister computers, and brain-destroying mobile phones; at the time the Amazon request came in, I'd been playing with an idea about a guy who starts getting e-mails from the dead. The story I wrote, "Ur", was about an e-reader that can access books and newspapers from alternate worlds. I realized I might get trashed in some of the literary blogs, where I would be accused of shilling for Jeff Bezos & Co., but that didn't bother me much; in my career, I have been trashed by experts, and I'm still standing.
King's agent, Ralph Vicinanza, has stated that downloads of the novella at Amazon.com have reached "five figures" in about three weeks, while also denying the novella is an infomercial for the Kindle. King's publisher, Scribner, released "Ur" as an audiobook on February 16, 2010. In an interview in October 2010, King stated that he did not write the novella for the money: "I did it because it was interesting. I'm fairly prolific. It took three days, and I've made about $80,000. You can't get that for short fiction from "Playboy" or anybody else. It's ridiculous."
Plot.
Wesley Smith, an English teacher at a college in Kentucky, wants to go "New School" and buys a Kindle. Due to a minor mistake in his credit card number, he is sent a pink Kindle (even though at the time, Kindles were always white). Slowly he realizes that this edition was meant for another Wesley Smith in a parallel universe. 
Smith's Kindle has a peculiar function called UR that can search multiple universes for data. Smith finds four "new" books by Ernest Hemingway, books he wrote in an alternate dimension where he lived for three more years. Wesley also discovers yet another function concerning newspapers that were published in an alternate universe. 
Smith tells a friend and a student about the Kindle. The three try to connect to a newspaper from an alternate reality but find to their horror that no papers are published that day. They learn that in the alternative reality, the world ended when the Cuban missile crisis escalated into a nuclear war.
Using the UR feature on his Kindle, Smith also discovers that a busload of students will be killed by a drunk driver in less than three days. He seeks out help to track down the drunk driver and keep her from killing the students. He is successful, although he realizes no one other than his two friends will know.
However, he is wrong. When he gets back from his success, he finds that low men in yellow coats are waiting for him, ready to punish him for using the forbidden function of the Kindle. He argues that perhaps this change was meant to happen – how else could he have gotten the Kindle otherwise? His argument does not fully sway the low men, but they feel it best to simply keep it from happening again by taking the Kindle, leaving Wesley alone to ponder the enormity of a world he thought he understood.
Connections to the "Dark Tower".
Once again, Stephen King establishes obvious connections to his magnum opus "The Dark Tower"; fans will not only recognize the eponymous location but also the Low Men in Yellow Coats as introduced in King's 1999 book "Hearts in Atlantis".

</doc>
<doc id="21467223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467223" title="Banko, Mali">
Banko, Mali

Banko is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The village sits on the Banifing River. The commune contains 31 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="21467225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467225" title="Barrier vehicle">
Barrier vehicle

A barrier vehicle (BV), barrier wagon, match wagon or translator coach is used to convert between non-matching railway coupler types. This allows locomotives to pull railway vehicles or parts of a train with a different type of coupler.
Use.
They are often found on empty coaching stock moves where freight locomotives need to transport coaching stock fitted with Scharfenberg couplers and other automatic couplers. The use of barrier coaches has evolved with a general move from conventional passenger trains consisting of locomotive-hauled coaches, to trains consisting of multiple units.
Liveries.
These vehicles tend to be neutrally liveried or in some cases are painted with the livery of a particular rolling stock operating company. For example, Porterbrook use corporately liveried examples for delivery of rolling stock and for transfers for refurbishment and maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="21467231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467231" title="Martina Majerle">
Martina Majerle

Martina Majerle (born May 2, 1980 in Opatija, Croatia) is a Croatian singer. Majerle represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia with the string quartet Quartissimo with the song "Love Symphony". It competed in the second semi-final but failed to reach the final. Martina has also been a backing vocalist for several ex-Yugoslav countries in various editions of the contest. Majerle is of Slovene and Croat origin.
She is a student of Economics.
She made her first serious steps into the world of music as the lead singer of the Rijeka band Putokazi. She continued her musical career as a soloist in the ambient-electro-pop band Atmospheric.
As a back vocalist, Martina performed at many concerts at home and abroad. She accompanied many famous musicians from the former Yugoslav region, amongst them were Oliver Dragojević, Tereza Kesovija in Olympia (Paris), Zdravko Čolić, the band Novi Fosili, Severina, Massimo Savić, Nina Badrić, Vanna, Toni Cetinski, Vesna Pisarović, Radojka Šverko, Maja Blagdan, etc.
As a backing vocalist, Martina has performed at the Eurovision Song Contest five times before: in 2003 with the Croatian representative, Claudia Beni, in 2007 with the Slovene representative, Alenka Gotar, in 2008 with the Montenegrin representative, Stefan Filipović in 2011 with the Slovene representative, Maja Keuc, in 2012 with the Slovene representative, Eva Boto, and in 2014 with the Montenegrin representative, Sergej Ćetković.
Martina has recently become a member of the Croatian RTV orchestra and is involved in all the big projects regarding the Croatian national broadcaster.

</doc>
<doc id="21467264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467264" title="Virginia Bethel Moon">
Virginia Bethel Moon

Virginia "Ginnie" Bethel Moon (1844–1925) was born in Ohio in 1844. She moved to Memphis, Tennessee with her mother in 1862 where she began a short but notable career as an espionage agent working with Memphis entrepreneur-turned-soldier Nathan Bedford Forrest and other Confederates, including her sister, Charlotte Moon. When the Union forces occupied the city, she was arrested for spying but escaped with the help of her sister. She continued her work further south and was eventually imprisoned in New Orleans. Ginnie returned to Memphis after the war and became a philanthropist, particularly helping with the . 
She died in New York City in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="21467286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467286" title="Bob Holt">
Bob Holt

Bob Holt may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="21467298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467298" title="Belgian Linguistic Case (No. 2)">
Belgian Linguistic Case (No. 2)

The Belgian Linguistic case (No. 2) (1968) 1 EHRR 252 is a formative case on the right to education under the European Convention of Human Rights, Protocol 1, art 2. It related to "certain aspects of the laws on the use of languages in education in Belgium", was decided by the European Court of Human Rights in 1968.
Facts.
The applicants submitted six applications (Applications No: 1474/62, 1677/62, 1691/62, 1769/63, 1994/63, 2126/64) between 1962 and 1964 on their own behalf and on the behalf of their children, alleging that Belgian linguistic legislation, relating to education, infringed on their rights under the European Convention, namely Article 8 (family life) in conjunction with Article 14 (non-discrimination), and Article 2 of the Protocol 1 (right to education) of March 1952. 
The Acts they brought litigation against basically stated the language of education shall be Dutch in the Dutch-speaking region, French in the French-speaking region and German in the German-speaking region.
Counsel submissions.
The applicants, whose children totalled more than 800, asserted that the law of the Dutch-speaking regions where they lived did not include adequate provisions for French-language education. They also complained that the Belgian state withheld grants from institutions in these regions that did not comply with the linguistic provisions set out in the legislation for schools and refused to homologate certificates issued by these institutions. Further, the state did not allow the applicant’s children to attend French classes in certain places, forcing applicants to enroll their children in local schools, contrary to their aspirations, or send them further afield, which entailed risks and hardships.
The Government argued that the right to education in one’s own language was not included in the Convention and the Protocol, and that the applicants did not belong to a national minority within the meaning of Article 14.
Judgment.
The Court found by a majority of 8 to 7 that one of the Acts violated Art 14. But the Court also found unanimously that there had been no breach of Articles 8 and 14 of the Convention, and Article 2 of the protocol, with regard to the other contested legislation and points at issue. In reaching its decision the Court considered that the principle of equality of treatment enshrined in Article 14 was violated if the distinction had no objective and reasonable justification, did not pursue a legitimate aim, and was not proportionate to the aim pursued. Further to this, the Court opined that the right to education implied the right to be educated in the national language, and did not include the provision that the parent’s linguistic preferences be respected.
The operative part of the Court's judgment read as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="21467302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467302" title="John Mitchell (American football coach)">
John Mitchell (American football coach)

John Mitchell, Jr. (born October 14, 1951) is an American football coach and former collegiate player. Over the course of his career, Mitchell has broken several racial barriers and has had the opportunity to work with many icons of the sport. Currently, he is the defensive line coach and assistant head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League (NFL).
As a player, Mitchell was the first African-American to play football for the storied Alabama Crimson Tide. In his second year with the program he became the first African-American co-captain at the school. The next year he became the team's first black assistant coach and also the youngest coach to have ever been hired at Alabama. Later he would break another barrier by becoming the first black defensive coordinator in the Southeastern Conference.
His coaching career has spanned nearly 40 years during which time he has worked with several icons of the football coaching pantheon, including college coaching greats Bear Bryant and Lou Holtz as well as Bill Belichick and Bill Cowher in the pros. Teams he has coached have won championships at both the college and professional levels.
Biography.
Early life.
Mitchell was born in Mobile, Alabama on October 14, 1951; the third of five children of Helen and John Mitchell, Sr. His father worked as a civil engineer for the United States Coast Guard.
At Williamson High School in Mobile, which was an all-black school, Mitchell played football and basketball. As a senior he played on the offensive line. Though standing , he weighed just , which major colleges considered too light for the position. His lack of size explains why he was not offered a football scholarship out of high school by any major colleges in his home state. He did, however, field football scholarship offers from historically black powerhouses like Grambling State University and Tennessee State University. 
Sports were not everything for Mitchell; he finished third in the nation in a science fair with a group of classmates. All five members of the science fair team were offered academic scholarships by the University of Alabama and Auburn University. Although these were the two schools Mitchell had dreamed of playing football for, neither was recruiting black football players at the time, and Mitchell very much wanted to play "big-time college football".
Mitchell determined that his best chance of eventually playing Division I football was by going the junior college route. He accepted a football scholarship from Eastern Arizona Junior College in Thatcher, Arizona.
Playing career.
Mitchell played on both the offensive and defensive lines at Eastern Arizona. He was named a Junior College All-American in each of his two years in the program. More significantly, he added of muscle to his frame in the school's weight training program, which was an amenity his high school lacked. Even with the added bulk, he showed no appreciable loss of speed. He also earned an associate's degree in social work from Eastern Arizona.
Based on his junior college performance and increased bulk, Mitchell was recruited by several major college programs, but he originally committed to John McKay at the University of Southern California. While on the golf course with University of Alabama coach Paul "Bear" Bryant, McKay casually mentioned that he had received a commitment from an Alabama native. McKay assumed that Bryant wouldn't be interested in Mitchell because he was black and Alabama had no black players on their roster. Bryant swooped in and recruited Mitchell aggressively. Although Mitchell originally was a bit nervous about the reception he would receive at Alabama, as well as the amount of playing time he could garner, his family encouraged him to return home and accept Bryant's scholarship offer. Besides his family's encouragement and Bryant's assurances that his race would not be a problem, Mitchell's opinion that Alabama's School of Social Work was one of the country's best was a big factor in his decision.
In 1971 Mitchell, along with Wilbur Jackson, became the first African-American to play football for the Crimson Tide. He started all 24 games in his two seasons at Alabama, during which time the team compiled a 21–3 record and won two Southeastern Conference championships. In 1972, Mitchell became the first African-American to be named a co-captain at Alabama. The same year he was named an All-American by the American Football Coaches Association. He was selected to the All-SEC team in each of his two seasons at Alabama. Mitchell earned a B.S. in social welfare, completing his degree requirements a semester early.
The San Francisco 49ers selected Mitchell in the seventh round of the 1973 NFL Draft. Although he played primarily defensive end in college, he was once again considered undersized to fill that role in the pro game; the 49ers wanted to make him a linebacker. He signed a contract with the 49ers and attended training camp, but after being slowed in camp by an illness he was cut by the team prior to the season.
Upon being cut by the 49ers, Mitchell chose to close the book on this playing career even though he may have been able to pursue an opportunity in the fledgling World Football League, saying, "I had a chance, whatever happened, good or bad, and I figured a guy's got to work someday."
Coaching career.
Alabama.
Mitchell decided to return to Alabama to attend law school in the fall of 1973. When he asked coach Bryant for help in finding a campus job to make ends meet while he worked on his graduate degree, Bryant instead offered him a full-time coaching position. In giving up his law school plans to accept the offer to coach defensive ends, Mitchell became the first African-American assistant coach for the Crimson Tide. He was also the youngest coach to have been hired by the school. In addition to coaching, he was instrumental in the recruiting of top African-American players to play football at Alabama. One player whom Mitchell helped recruit was Ozzie Newsome, who went on to have a Hall of Fame career.
In Mitchell's first year of coaching at Alabama, the team compiled an 11–1 record and won the national championship in addition to the SEC championship. Over each of the next two seasons, they matched that 11–1 record, added two more SEC titles and finished inside the top-five in the polls. In 1976, which would be Mitchell's last with the team, they fell off a bit with a 9–3 record, but they still remained in the top-fifteen nationwide. Mitchell helped develop Leroy Cook who was a two-time All-America selection drafted in the 10th round of the 1976 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys and selected as one of two defensive ends on the All-time Alabama team named by Sports Illustrated in 2006.
Arkansas.
In early 1977, Mitchell accepted a position coaching defensive ends at the University of Arkansas under Lou Holtz, after deciding the move was "at least horizontal". Following his first season with the Razorbacks in which the team went 11–1 and beat second-ranked Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl, Holtz gushed,
In the course of the six years Mitchell would spend at Arkansas, the team compiled a record of 54–16–2, won a Southwest Conference championship, played in a bowl game each year and failed to finish in the top-20 in the polls only once. Among the defensive linemen who came through the Arkansas program during Mitchell's tenure were future Pro Football Hall of Fame member Dan Hampton and Ron Faurot an All-American who was drafted in the second round and played two seasons in the NFL. During his time in Arkansas, Mitchell regularly participated in pick-up basketball games with Bill Clinton, who was at the time a law professor at the school.
USFL.
Mitchell left Arkansas in 1983 to pursue an opportunity to coach at the professional level in his home state with the Birmingham Stallions of the newly created United States Football League (USFL). He coached linebackers for the Stallions for the team's (and league's) entire three-year existence. In 1985, outside linebacker Herb Spencer made the All-League team. When the team quit paying its coaches on New Year's Day in 1986, Mitchell returned to the college ranks, taking at a job at Temple University.
Temple.
At Temple Mitchell coached defensive tackles and defensive ends under head coach Bruce Arians, with whom he would later work on the Steelers coaching staff. Arians called Mitchell "a super football coach and a great person", adding "I think we had more quarterback sacks this year in our third game than we had all last year." At Temple, Mitchell coached Ralph Jarvis whom the Chicago Bears chose in the third round of the 1988 NFL Draft.
Louisiana State.
After a single season at Temple, Mitchell returned to the SEC in 1987 at Louisiana State University (LSU) where he served as outside linebackers coach under Mike Archer. After two seasons coaching linebackers Mitchell was promoted to defensive coordinator in early 1990 succeeding Pete Jenkins and becoming the first African-American to serve in that capacity in the SEC.
Mitchell resigned his position at LSU in March 1990 due to improper accounting of some hotel expenses over the previous two years. He was reinstated two months later following an investigation and repayment of the disputed funds.
With Mitchell leading the defense, the Tigers finished a disappointing 5–6 in 1990 (including 2–5 in the SEC) leading to the firing of head coach Archer following the season. Mitchell was offered a chance to return to his post coaching outside linebackers by Archer's replacement, Curley Hallman, with whom Mitchell had coached at Alabama. However, Mitchell chose to leave LSU a couple of months later to return to the professional ranks.
NFL.
Cleveland Browns.
After leaving LSU, Mitchell was hired as defensive line coach of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL) in 1991. He coached for the Browns under head coach Bill Belichick for three seasons, helping to develop Michael Dean Perry (who twice made the Pro Bowl in Mitchell's three seasons with the team) and Rob Burnett (who made his only Pro Bowl in Mitchell's final year with the club).
Pittsburgh Steelers.
In 1994 he moved on to become the defensive line coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers under Bill Cowher, replacing Steve Furness. He's been with the Steelers ever since, making him the club's longest tenured coach, and one of the longest serving coaches with his current team in the NFL. With the arrival of Mike Tomlin in 2007, Mitchell replaced Russ Grimm as the team's assistant head coach while retaining his responsibilities in coaching the defensive line.
The Steelers led the league in stopping the run four times in the first fifteen years of Mitchell's tenure (through 2008). Steelers defensive linemen have participated in the Pro Bowl eight times since Mitchell's arrival: Casey Hampton (five Pro Bowls), Aaron Smith (once), Brett Keisel (once) and Joel Steed (once). The team as a whole has also had tremendous success during Mitchell's tenure, making the playoff eleven times and reaching the AFC Championship Game eight times in his first 18 years. They've also made it to four Super Bowls, winning the championship in 2005 and again in 2008.
In Super Bowl XL in February 2006, the Steelers faced a tough test in slowing Seattle Seahawks All-Pro running back Shaun Alexander who ran for 1,880 yards and scored an NFL record 28 touchdowns in the regular season behind an offensive line that featured All-Pro linemen Walter Jones and Steve Hutchinson on the left side. The defensive line would need to slow down the Seahawks running attack to keep the Steelers in the game, a challenge which Mitchell took personally. The players came through holding Alexander under the 100-yard plateau and most importantly preventing him from scoring, which was crucial to a Steelers win. After the game, Mitchell said of the strategy, "Our thing was 'keep him out of the end zone.' We didn't care if he got 300 yards; don't let him in the end zone."
In Super Bowl XLIII in 2009, they again faced a formidable offense in the Arizona Cardinals. The defensive line once again came through with a great performance, holding the Cardinals to just 33 yards on the ground.
Mitchell coaches in a quiet and cerebral style which he picked up from the first head coach under who he worked, saying with typical understatement, "Coach Bryant wasn't a screamer, and I noticed he had some success." He has further described his approach to coaching thusly:
This style and the results it has brought have earned Mitchell the respect of his peers in the NFL. Clarence Brooks coaches defensive linemen for the Steeler division rival the Baltimore Ravens and thus meets the Steelers at least twice a year. Brooks assessed his counterpart saying,
Mitchell is held in extremely high regard by his fellow Steelers coaches as well. Steelers defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau has said he's "always had great confidence in him". Head coach Mike Tomlin has called Mitchell a "trailblazer" and described him as "a very respected coach in this league and well respected in this organization".
Personal.
Mitchell lives with his wife, Joyce, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; the couple have no children. Mitchell had expressed interest in becoming the head football coach at Alabama when that position had been open in the past. However, despite this interest and his connection with the program he has never been pursued for the position.
Away from football, Mitchell's avocations include collecting art, fine wine and vintage jazz as well as studying history. He has stated that he plans to retire around 2012 to 2013, at which time he will return to Birmingham, Alabama. He was elected to the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame with the class of 2009. Mitchell said of his selection: "I'm from the state of Alabama, and this is big. The state of Alabama is putting me, John Mitchell, a black kid from Mobile, in their sports hall of fame. There's nothing bigger in my life."

</doc>
<doc id="21467309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467309" title="United Nations Mine Action Service">
United Nations Mine Action Service

United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) is located in the United Nations Department of Peacekeeping Operations. It is responsible for ensuring an effective, proactive and coordinated United Nations response to landmines and explosive remnants of war through collaboration with 13 other UN departments, agencies, funds and programmes. In peacekeeping and emergency settings, UNMAS establishes and manages mine action coordination centres in mine-affected countries, plans and manages operations, mobilizes resources and sets mine-action priorities in the countries and territories it serves. The current Director is Ms. Agnès Marcaillou.
History.
The United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) is a section of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and was formed in October 1997 to serve as the United Nations focal point for mine action and to support the UN vision of a ""world free of the threat of landmines and unexploded ordnance"".
Five Pillars of Mine Action.
Clearance of Mines and Explosive Remnants of War.
In its broad sense, mine clearance includes surveys, mapping and minefield marking, as well as the actual clearance of mines from the ground. This range of activities is also sometimes referred to as demining.
Humanitarian mine clearance aims to clear land so that civilians can return to their homes and their everyday routines without the threat of landmines and unexploded remnants of war (ERW), which include unexploded ordnance and abandoned explosive ordnance. This means that all the mines and ERW affecting the places where ordinary people live must be cleared, and their safety in areas that have been cleared must be guaranteed. Mines are cleared and the areas are thoroughly verified so that they can say without a doubt that the land is now safe, and people can use it without worrying about the weapons. The aim of humanitarian demining is to restore peace and security at the community level.
Mine clearance methods.
Surveying.
Surveying, or the formal gathering of mine-related information, is required before actual clearance can begin. Impact surveys assess the socio-economic impact of the mine contamination and help assign priorities for the clearance of particular areas. Impact surveys make use of all available sources of information, including minefield records (where they exist), data about mine victims, and interviews with former combatants and local people. Technical surveys then define the minefields and provide detailed maps for the clearance operations.
Maps.
Maps resulting from the impact surveys and technical surveys are stored in an information management system, including a variety of programme databases, and provide baseline data for clearance organisations and operational planning.
Minefield Marking.
Minefield marking is carried out when a mined area is identified, but clearance operations cannot take place immediately. Minefield marking, which is intended to deter people from entering mined areas, has to be carried out in combination with mine awareness, so that the local population understands the meaning and importance of the signs.
Manual Clearance.
Manual clearance relies on trained deminers using metal detectors and long thin prodders to locate the mines, which are then destroyed by controlled explosion.
Mine Detection Dogs.
Mine detection dogs, which detect the presence of explosives in the ground by smell. Dogs are used in combination with manual deminers.
Mechanical Clearance.
Mechanical clearance relies on flails, rollers, vegetation cutters and excavators, often attached to armoured bulldozers, to destroy the mines in the ground. These machines can only be used in certain terrains, and are expensive to operate. In most situations they are also not 100% reliable, and the work needs to be checked by other techniques.
Mine Risk Education (MRE).
Mine-risk education, or MRE, refers to educational activities aimed at reducing the risk of injury from mines and unexploded ordnance by raising awareness and promoting behavioural change through public-information campaigns, education and training, and liaison with communities. 
MRE ensures that communities are aware of the risks from mines, unexploded ordnance and/or abandoned munitions and are encouraged to behave in ways that reduce the risk to people, property and the environment. Objectives are to reduce the risk to a level where people can live safely and to recreate an environment where economic and social development can occur free from the constraints imposed by landmine contamination. 
MRE, along with demining (which includes technical surveys, mapping, clearance of unexploded ordnance and mines, marking unsafe areas, and documenting areas that have been cleared), contributes to mine-risk reduction, or limiting the risk of physical injury from mines and unexploded ordnance that already contaminates the land. Advocacy and the destruction of landmine stockpiles focus on preventing future use of mines. 
According to the Landmine Monitor Report (2009), in 2008, MRE was provided in 57 states and areas, compared to 61 states and areas in 2007. However, in the 1999 MRE programs were identified in just 14 states. MRE activities increased significantly in Yemen and Somaliland, and also increased to some degree in 10 other states. In Palestine, RE decreased in 2008 but rose sharply in response to conflict in Gaza in December 2008–January 2009. Some of the main players in MRE include the Mines Advisory Group, Handicap International, Catholic Relief Services, Save the Children, INTERSOS, DanChurchAid, Norwegian People's Aid, the Mines Awareness Trust, Association for Aid and Relief, Japan and the International Committee of the Red Cross. Within the UN system UNICEF is the lead agency for MRE and supports programmes in 30 countries. 
International standards have been developed to guide the management of MRE programmes. (http://www.mineactionstandards.org/imas.htm#english Link to the standards) These standards emphasize that MRE should typically not be a stand-alone activity; it is an integral part of overall mine-action planning and implementation.
Public information dissemination.
"Public information" in the context of mine action describes landmine and unexploded ordnance situations and informs and updates a broad range of stakeholders. Such information may focus on local risk-reduction messages, address broader national issues such as complying with legislation or raise public support for mine-action programmes. 
Public information "dissemination," however, refers primarily to public-information activities that help reduce the risk of injury from mines and unexploded ordnance by raising awareness of the risk to individuals and communities, and by promoting behavioural change. It is primarily a one-way form of communication transmitted through mass media. Public information-dissemination initiatives may be stand-alone MRE projects that are implemented in advance of other mine-action activities.
Education and training.
"Education and training" in MRE encompasses all educational and training activities that reduce the risk of injury from mines, unexploded ordnance and/or abandoned munitions by raising awareness of the threat to individuals and communities and promoting behavioural change. Education and training is a two-way process, which involves the imparting and acquiring of knowledge, changing attitudes and practices through teaching and learning. 
Education and training activities may be conducted in formal and non-formal environments: teacher-to -child education in schools, information shared at home from parents to children or from children to their parents, child-to-child education, peer-to-peer education in work and recreational environments, landmine safety training for humanitarian aid workers (Learn about the Landmine and ERW Safety Project) and the incorporation of landmine safety messages in occupational heath and safety practices.
Community liaison.
Community liaison refers to the systems and processes used to exchange information between national authorities, mine-action organisations and communities on the presence of mines, unexploded ordnance and abandoned munitions. It enables communities to be informed about planned demining activities, the nature and duration of the tasks, and the exact locations of marked or cleared areas. Furthermore it enables communities to inform local authorities and mine-action organizations about the location, extent and impact of contaminated areas. This information can greatly assist the planning of related activities, such as technical surveys, marking and clearance operations, and survivor-assistance services. Community liaison ensures that mine-action projects address community needs and priorities. Community liaison should be carried out by all organizations conducting mine-action operations. 
Community liaison services may begin far in advance of demining activities and help the development of local capacities to assess the risks, manage information and develop risk-reduction strategies.
Stockpile Destruction.
Stockpiled anti-personnel landmines (APM) far outnumber those actually laid in the ground. In accordance with Article 4 of the anti-personnel mine-ban treaty, State Parties must destroy their stockpiled mines within four years after their accession to the convention. Sixty-five countries have now destroyed their stockpiles of antipersonnel landmines, destroying a combined total of more than 37 million mines. Another 51 countries have officially declared not having a stockpile of antipersonnel mines and a further three countries are scheduled to destroy their stockpiles by the end of the year.
There are many options available to states in destroying their stockpiles. Stockpiles are usually destroyed by the military, but an industrial solution can also be employed. The techniques used vary depending on the make-up of the mines and the conditions in which they are found. The complete destruction cycle involves aspects such as transportation and storage, processing operations, equipment maintenance, staff training and accounting, as well as the actual physical destruction.
Pre-Process Technology.
It is may be necessary to disassemble or breakdown anti-personnel mines prior to the destruction process. This is necessary because of limitations on the amount of contained explosive that can be incinerated, the anti-personnel mine design or the requirement for different components to have separate destruction methods. All of these methods require the movement of exposed bare explosive to the final destruction facility. Available technology includes: manual disassembly, mechanical disassembly (pull apart, defuzing and depriming), robotic disassembly, mechanical breakdown (bandsaw, guillotine, cracker mill, rock crusher, punch), cryofracture, hydro abrasive cutting, laser cutting, and microwave explosive melt-out. The following are brief descriptions of these techniques:
Manual Disassembly
This technique implies the use of human resources to physically dismantle APM by manual labour using simple hand tools. It has the advantage of requiring limited capital investment required, but is a labour-intensive process which results in relatively slow production rates. This method requires well-trained, yet semi-skilled staff.
Mechanical disassembly
The use of mechanically operated systems to dismantle APM. The different technologies are available, as noted above are: Pull Apart, Defuzing and Depriming. In contrast to manual disassembly, mechanical disassembly has the advantages of high production rates, it is an efficient system of work and has low staff requirements. It is environmentally friendly for this stage of the demilitarisation cycle and the technology is readily available. A major disadvantage, however, is the requirement for high capital investment. This is further complicated by the need for a wide range of equipment necessary to cope with all pre-processing requirements.
Robotic disassembly
A fully automated disassembly system. Similar advantages and disadvantages to mechanical disassembly, however the initial capital costs are much greater. This system would only be economically efficient for very large production runs due to the high start-up costs.
Mechanical breakdown
This process is mainly concerned with techniques required to expose the explosive fillings of APMs prior to the destruction phase. There are low staff requirements for mechanical breakdown, and it is an environmentally friendly operation during this stage of the demilitarisation cycle. The technology is now readily available and there is no secondary waste stream, which reduces scrap salvage and disposal costs. A major disadvantage is the requirement for high capital investment. This is further complicated by the need for a wide range of equipment necessary to cope with all pre-processing requirements. Production rates per machine can be slow and there is always te danger of induced initiation of the target APM during processing.
Cryofracture
This process is used to break down an APM into small enough pieces to be processed through an incineration destruction method. It involves the use of liquid nitrogen to change the mechanical properties of the munition casing to a more brittle phase by cooling it to -130 C. The munition can then be easily shattered using simple mechanical shear or press techniques. A cryogenic wash out system is in the early stages of development. The principle is similar to cryogenic fracture; except that the filling is attacked with liquid nitrogen in order to make its removal easier.
Cryofracture is an environmentally friendly technique during this stage of the demilitarisation cycle with low staff requirements. The technique can also be used for any other type of munition, explosive or propellant with limited pre-preparation of the munition required. There is no secondary waste stream, hence cutting final disposal costs. In financial terms low capital investment only is required for set up costs. Sensitivity tests have shown that even at -196C there is little change to the insensitiveness of the munition.
The disadvantage of high operating costs for liquid nitrogen usage must also be considered, however. Unfotunately, today there is only one proven production system in place. APMs with metal or aluminium casings are not susceptible to embrittlement and variations in the shear forces or pressures are required to fracture the munition casing. Further trials are necessary, as analysis has shown that the failure modes for the munition casings involved a mixture of brittle fracture, plastic deformation and shearing. Results are currently unpredictable and there is an obvious low temperature hazard to personnel.
Hydro abrasive cutting (HAC)
The use of water and abrasives at pressures from 240 to 1000 BAR to cut open APM bodies by an erosive process. There are two distinct technologies; 1) "entrainment" or 2) "direct injection". Research has now proven that the direct injection technology should be the preferred option for safety reasons. There are low staff requirements for HAC systems and a wide range of target munitions can be attacked. The explosive safety of systems is well proven and it is a cost effective technique in comparison to other pre-processing methods. The major disadvantage is the requirement for initial high capital investment for infrastructure. The systems also produce contaminated waste-water, which requires a complex filtration system to clean it up. In terms of post-process operations, the explosive content is "grit sensitised" and requires careful handling during any further processing or destruction.
Laser cutting
Still in the research phase in the USA.
Microwave melt-out
This technology is also under development in the USA. It utilises microwaves to heat up TNT based explosive fillings. It is a rapid, clean technique but has one major disadvantage, the lack of control over heating can lead to the formation of "hot spots" with a resultant initiation of the filling. Work continues on its development, but it is not yet a feasible production technique. It is more energy efficient that steam and improves the value of any recovered explosives.
Destruction Technology.
There are a wide range of industrial technologies available for the final destruction of anti-personnel mines. The selection of the most suitable principle depends primarily on the pre-processing techniques to be utilised, and vice versa. The system must be designed to result in efficient production rates. 
Open-pit incineration
Waste material is placed on a tiled floor in a purpose built pit equipped with perforated air pipes to supply forced air to the system. A turbulent air current is created above the fire that re-circulates the combustion gases and particulates, which assists in full oxidation of the evolving gases. The principle has been tested, but no large-scale trials have yet been conducted.
Rotary kiln incineration
This is perhaps the most common, and certainly most mature demilitarisation destruction technology available. The rotary kiln is an unlined rotary furnace originally designed to destroy small arms and bulk explosives. The kiln is made up of four 1.6 metre long, 1 metre outer diameter retort sections bolted together. The 6 to 8 cm thick walls of the kiln are designed to withstand small detonations. The kiln contains internal spiral flights, which move the waste in an auger-like fashion through the retort as the kiln rotates. The flights also provide charge separation for the in-process materials, and discourage sympathetic detonations and scattering of materials. The kiln is equipped with a variable speed drive, which allows varying rotation speeds and material residence time.
Car bottom furnace
Car bottom furnaces are used to destroy small amounts of explosive or explosive residue left after flush-out pre-processing techniques.
Directly heated retort
A thin walled and ceramic lined furnace in which the feed system uses an auger. Pre-processed by a crusher. Used to process general chemical waste and explosive in solution. A typical production rate of 10,000 tonnes per year.
Plasma arc
A Plasma torch, at temperatures in the region of 4000C to 7000C, is used to heat a container into which waste products are fed. The plasma is an ionised gas at extremely high temperature, which is used to initiate rapid chemical decomposition by the action of this extreme heat. The material is currently fed in a slurry form, although research is ongoing for the destruction of entire munitions. It is a complex production system that has a high power requirement. 
Mechanical Destruction
The use of high strength and capacity commercial crushing or shredding machines. Only suitable for APMs with a very low net explosive content.
"Silver II"
An electro-chemical oxidation process. The organic waste is treated by the generation of highly oxidising species in an electro-chemical cell. The cell is separated into two compartments by a membrane that allows ion flow but prevents bulk mixing of the anolyte and catholyte. In the anolyte compartment a highly reactive species of silver ion attacks organic material ultimately converting it to CO2, H2O and non-toxic inorganic compounds. 
Biological degradation
This technology has been demonstrated at the pilot level for the destruction of perchlorate contaminated aqueous streams. The potential exists for bacteria to be used to consume the explosive content of APM, converting it into inert material. It requires extensive storage capacity whilst bio-remediation is taking place and only has limited applications. There is also a requirement for an element of mechanical breakdown prior to the addition of the bacteria.
Contained detonation
The destruction of ammunition and explosives by detonation in an enclosed chamber. The evolving gases are then processed by an integral pollution control system. Limited pre-processing is required and a wide variety of ammunition natures can be destroyed. However, the available systems are currently limited to 15 kg Net Explosive Content. There is also a requirement for a donor charge for each detonation, therefore the process is expensive in serviceable ammunition usage.
Molten salt oxidation
Only demonstrated at prototype scale. Can destroy finely divided and consistent organic waste, therefore significant pre-processing required. These wastes can be destroyed by incineration anyway. A purely technical solution, but too expensive and impracticable at the moment.
Scrap Processing Technology.
The final disposal of arisings from any of the above systems will require some form of scrap processing facility. Commercial advice is required in this area to determine the production rates, technical capability and availability of systems.
Industrial scrap processing systems work by crushing, shredding, cracking or compressing the feed material into an easily manageable form for further salvage or recycling processes. There may be a requirement for a combination of techniques for scrap that is difficult to process.
Advocacy.
For the United Nations, advocacy means promoting universal participation in existing international agreements or "instruments" that ban or limit the use of landmines. The most important of these agreements is the antipersonnel mine-ban treaty, which opened for signature in 1997. 
The United Nations not only encourages all countries to participate in the treaty, but it also monitors the status of the treaty's implementation. In addition, the United Nations participates in and supports regular meetings of treaty member countries - or "states parties" to the treaty. 
Another important instrument is the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons and an amended Protocol II. This instrument focuses on the use of booby-traps and anti-tank and anti-vehicle mines. The United Nations provides technical and expert advice to meetings of the states parties to this instrument. In addition, the United Nations helps countries build their capacity to implement these instruments.
The United Nations also advocates for the complete ban on cluster munitions. The United Nations is firmly committed to ending the use, stockpiling, production and transfer of cluster munitions and mitigating the suffering they cause. United Nations Mine Action Service calls on all States to become a party to the Convention on Cluster Munitions without delay.
For each of the 14 separate UN departments, agencies, programs and funds that support mine action, advocacy takes on a slightly different meaning or purpose. In some cases, more than one institution does similar advocacy work. 
The UN Mine Action Service coordinates overall UN advocacy in support of the international legal instruments related to landmines and "explosive remnants of war" (which includes unexploded ordnance and abandoned explosive ordnance) and the rights of people affected by them. The organization also undertakes public information on the problems of landmines and explosive remnants of war and the global response to it.
The UN Office for Disarmament Affairs' approach to advocacy includes assistance to states parties to comply with the terms of the antipersonnel mine-ban treaty and the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. The department also advocates for universal participation on the antipersonnel mine-ban treaty and the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. 
UNICEF advocates for a total ban on antipersonnel landmines, the elimination of "weapons that have indiscriminate effects" on people, new legal instruments related to explosive remnants of war and the protection and promotion of the rights of women and children affected by armed conflict. In addition, UNICEF advocates for the promotion of the rights of persons with disabilities, and the integration of victim assistance into public health, education and other social programs. 
The UN Office of the Special Advisor on Gender Issues develops strategies and program to advance gender equality and the empowerment of women in all sectors, including mine action. The office's role is primarily in the areas of advocacy and policy support for "gender mainstreaming" in all of the United Nations' work. 
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the UN Mine Action Service and other institutions, is participating in the drafting of a new convention on human rights and dignity of persons with disabilities. 
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees advocates is among the many UN institutions promoting a total ban on antipersonnel landmines.
Victim Assistance.
Victim assistance is a core component of mine action and an obligation of States Parties under the Antipersonnel Mine Ban Treaty. Article Six of the Treaty states that "Each State Party in a position to do so shall provide assistance for the care and rehabilitation, and social and economic reintegration, of mine victims and for mine awareness programs." Protocol V on explosive remnants of war contains a similar provision in its Article 8. Victim assistance is a set of concrete actions to meet the immediate and long-term needs of mine/ERW victims, their families, mine-affected communities and persons with disabilities. Victim assistance includes, but is not limited to, information management systems; emergency and continuing medical care; physical rehabilitation; psychosocial support and social inclusion; economic reintegration; and laws and public policies that promote effective treatment, care and protection for all disabled citizens, including landmine victims, with a human rights perspective.
Building on the experience gained in this area since the entry into force of the Antipersonnel Mine Ban Treaty the negotiators of the Convention on Cluster Munitions agreed on a specific article on victim assistance (Article 5), which contains a number of obligations for States Parties with respect to cluster munition victims in areas under its jurisdiction and control. The Convention on Cluster Munitions also provides the following definition of cluster munition victims: " (...) all persons who have been killed or suffered physical or psychological injury, economic loss, social marginalisation or substantial impairment of the realisation of their rights caused by the use of cluster munitions. They include those persons directly impacted by cluster munitions as well as their affected families and communities." 
Hundreds of thousands of mine and explosive remnants of war survivors exist in 78 countries. According to the 2008 Landmine Monitor Report, there are up to 60,000 survivors in Afghanistan alone and over 45,000 in Cambodia. In 2011, the Landmine Monitor identified 4,286 new injuries around the world by mines, explosive remnants of war and victim-detonated improvised explosive devices. While the actual figure is unknown, it may well be far greater, since many incidents of mine and explosive ordnance accidents are never reported and are therefore not registered. 
Within the UN system, the United Nation Mine Action Service works closely with the World Health Organisation (WHO) and other UN entities, in particular UNICEF, that also support victim assistance activities. They all work closely with partner organisations outside the United Nations system, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, Survivor Corps, World Rehabilitation Fund (WRF), Handicap International Belgium and Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation (VVAF).
Milestones.
On 14 June 2011, The United Nations had declared Nepal to be landmine free.

</doc>
<doc id="21467317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467317" title="List of Dutch football transfers summer 2009">
List of Dutch football transfers summer 2009

This is a list of transfers in Dutch football for the 2009 summer transfer window. Only moves featuring an Eredivisie side and/or an Eerste Divisie side are listed.
Eredivisie.
ADO Den Haag.
In:
Out:
]
AFC Ajax.
In:
Out:
AZ.
In:
Out:
Feyenoord.
In:
Out:
FC Groningen.
In:
Out:
SC Heerenveen.
In:
Out:
Heracles Almelo.
In:
Out:
NAC Breda.
In:
Out:
NEC.
In:
Out:
PSV.
In:
Out:
RKC Waalwijk.
In:
Out:
Roda JC.
In:
Out:
Sparta Rotterdam.
In:
Out:
FC Twente.
In:
Out:
FC Utrecht.
In:
Out:
Vitesse.
In:
Out:
VVV Venlo.
In:
Out:
Willem II.
In:
Out:
Eerste Divisie.
AGOVV Apeldoorn.
In:
Out:
SC Cambuur.
In:
Out:
FC Den Bosch.
In:
Out:
FC Dordrecht.
In:
Out:
FC Eindhoven.
In:
Out:
FC Emmen.
In:
Out:
Excelsior.
In:
Out:
Fortuna Sittard.
In:
Out:
Go Ahead Eagles.
In:
Out:
De Graafschap.
In:
Out:
HFC Haarlem.
In:
Out:
Helmond Sport.
In:
Out:
MVV.
In:
Out:
FC Omniworld.
In:
Out:
RBC Roosendaal.
In:
Out:
Telstar.
In:
Out:
FC Oss.
In:
Out:
BV Veendam.
In:
Out:
FC Volendam.
In:
Out:
FC Zwolle.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="21467319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467319" title="1982 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
1982 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 1982 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament was the second year of the NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship for Division I. In 1982, the tournament participants were expanded from 20 to 28. 
The University of Hawaii won the NCAA championship by defeating defending national champion Southern California in five games. Hawaii finished the year at 33-1.
In the consolation match, San Diego State defeated Stanford in five games to claim third place for the second straight year.
Final Four - Alex G. Spanos Center, Stockton, California.
<noinclude>
NCAA Tournament records.
There are three NCAA tournament records that were set in the 1982 NCAA tournament that have not yet been broken.

</doc>
<doc id="21467349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467349" title="Dolendougou">
Dolendougou

Dolendougou is a commune in the Cercle of Dioïla in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The main village ("chef-lieu") is Dandougou.

</doc>
<doc id="21467365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467365" title="Glostrup Hospital">
Glostrup Hospital

The Glostrup Hospital is located in the township of Glostrup 8 km from the center of Copenhagen in Denmark. It is owned and managed by the regional health authority of the Greater Copenhagen region, Region Hovedstaden. 
A teaching hospital for students of multiple vocations, the Glostrup Hospital is affiliated with the University of Copenhagen and more than 200 of its employees hold academic posts at the university, including 14 professorial chairs. 
It is the primary hospital for the 165,000 citizens of the townships of Albertslund, Ishøj, Høje-Taastrup, Glostrup, and Vallensbæk and as a secondary referral center for larger parts of Region Hovedstaden in neurosurgery, clinical neurophysiology, neurology, neurosurgery, and occupational medicine. Several high-profiled subspecialized clinical centers with research activities are incorporated in the departments of the Glostrup Hospital, including the Danish Headache Center.
Annual visits number 230,000 patients, including 40,000 in-patients, and 18,000 surgical procedures. With 3,200 employees, 512 beds, Eastern Denmark's largest emergency department and the country's largest ophthalmology department, the Glostrup Hospital is currently undergoing expansion and reorganization to make it a regional and national center in selected specialties while continuing to serve the local community as a general hospital.
Architecturally, the Glostrup Hospital is renowned as an example of new public institutions built in the first decades after World War II. Built from the ground in 1952-1958 after an international competition won by architects Martha Ypyä, Ragnar Ypyä, and Veikko Malmio, the hospital was officially inaugurated September 2, 1958 by king Frederick IX of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21467366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467366" title="Blue Lights on the Runway">
Blue Lights on the Runway

Blue Lights On The Runway is the fourth studio album by Irish band Bell X1. It was released in Ireland on 20 February 2009, and on March 3, 2009, in North America. It is a Choice Music Prize nominated album for Best Irish album in 2009.
The first single from the album was "The Great Defector" (30 January 2009 in Ireland and 3 February 2009, in the UK and the US).
The album's title comes from a line of the lyrics of the "The Great Defector": ""Blue lights on the runway, I love the colour of it all.""
It has been certified Platinum in Ireland with record sales exceeding 15,000.
Critical Reception.
The album has been met with much acclaim, and has a Metacritic score of 73/100.
Allmusic gave the album 4/5, whilst Planet Sound gave it 8/10.

</doc>
<doc id="21467368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467368" title="Marty Dallman">
Marty Dallman

Marty Dallman (born February 15, 1963 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a Canadian former ice hockey player. He played six games for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the late 1980s and played most of his career in the minor leagues and in Europe. He played for Austria at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. He is the uncle of Kevin Dallman, captain of Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="21467370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467370" title="Moshe Zakai">
Moshe Zakai

Moshe Zakai (born December 22, 1926) is Distinguished Professor at the Technion, Israel in Electrical Engineering, member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities and Rothschild Prize winner.
Biography.
Moshe Zakai was born in Sokółka, Poland, to his parents Rachel and Eliezer Zakheim with whom he immigrated to Israel in 1936. He got the BSc degree in Electrical Engineering from the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in 1951. He joined the Scientific Department of the Defense Minister of Israel where he was assigned to research and development of radar systems. From 1956–1958 he did graduate work at the University of Illinois on an Israeli Government Fellowship, and was awarded the PhD in Electrical Engineering. He then returned to the Scientific Department as head of the communication research group. In 1965 he joined the faculty of the Technion as an associate professor. In 1969 he was promoted to the rank of Professor and in 1970 he was appointed the holder of the Fondiller Chair in Telecommunication. He was appointed Distinguished Professor in 1985. From 1970 until 1973 he served as the Dean of the faculty of Electrical Engineering and from 1976 to 1978 he served as Vice President of Academic Affairs. He retired in 1998 as Distinguished Professor Emeritus.
Moshe Zakai is married to Shulamit (Mita) Briskman, they have 3 children and 12 grandchildren.
Research.
Background.
Zakai's main research concentrated on the study of the theory of stochastic processes and its application to information and control problems; namely, problems of noise in communication radar and control systems. The basic class of random processes which represent the noise in such systems are known as "white noise" or the "Wiener process" where the white noise is "something like a derivative" of the Wiener process. Since these processes vary quickly with time, the classical differential and integral calculus is not applicable to such processes. In the 1940s Kiyoshi Itō developed a stochastic calculus (the Ito calculus) for such random processes.
The relation between classical and Ito calculi.
From the results of Ito it became clear, back in the 1950s, that if a sequence of smooth functions which present the input to a physical system converge to something like a Brownian motion, then the sequence of outputs of the system do not converge in the classical sense. Several papers written by Eugene Wong and Zakai clarified the relation between the two approaches. This opened up the way to the application of the Ito calculus to problems in physics and engineering. These results are often referred to as Wong-Zakai corrections or theorems.
Nonlinear filtering.
The problem of the optimal filtering (separating the signal from the noise) of a wide class of linear dynamical system is known as the Kalman filter. This led to the same problem for nonlinear dynamical systems. The results for this case were highly complicated. Around 1967, Zakai derived a considerably simpler solution for the optimal filter. It is known as the Zakai equation‏‏, and has been the starting point for further research work in this field.
Comparing practical solutions with the optimal solution.
In many cases the optimal design of communication or radar operating under noise is too complicated to be practical, while practical solutions are known. In such cases it is extremely important to know how close the practical solution is to the theoretically optimal one. Several papers written by Zakai jointly with coauthors (Ben-Zion Bobrovsky, Ofer Zeitouni, Jacob Ziv and Eduardo Mayer-Wolf) introduced new approaches and results that gave a new impact to this topic.
Extension of the Ito calculus to the two-parameter processes.
White noise and Brownian motion (the Wiener process) are functions of a single parameter, namely time. For problems such as rough surfaces it is necessary to extend the Ito calculus to two parameter "Brownian sheets". Several papers which he wrote jointly with Wong extend the Ito integral to a "two-parameter" time. They also showed that every functional of the Brownian sheet can be represented as an extended integral.
The Malliavin calculus and its application.
In addition to the Ito calculus, Paul Malliavin developed in the 1970s a "stochastic calculus of variations" known as the "Malliavin calculus". It turned out that in this setup it is possible to define a stochastic integral which will include the Ito integral. The papers of Zakai with David Nualart, Ali Süleyman Üstünel, Zeitouni and Mayer-Wolf promoted the understanding and applicability of the Malliavin calculus.
The monograph of Üstünel and Zakai deals with the application of the Malliavin calculus to derive relations between the Wiener process and other processes which are in some sense "similar" to the probability law of the Wiener process.
In the last decade he extended to transformations which are in some sense a "rotation" of the Wiener process and with Ustunel and Mayer-Wolf extended to some general cases results of information theory which were known for simpler spaces.

</doc>
<doc id="21467374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467374" title="Miss Earth Ethiopia">
Miss Earth Ethiopia

Miss Earth Ethiopia is the official title given to Ethiopia's delegate to the Miss Earth pageant. The reigning titleholders dedicate their year to promote environmental projects and to address issues concerning the environment.
History.
The first year Ethiopia sent a representative to Miss Earth was in 2001 with Nardos Tiluhan Wondemu as the first Miss Earth Ethiopia titleholder.
In 2003 the Miss Earth Ethiopia franchise was obtained by Beauties of Africa Inc, owned by Andy A. Abulime. Miss Earth Ethiopia 2003 Yodit Getahun participated in Miss Earth 2003 and bagged the Miss Friendship special award. Getahun was later dethroned and replaced by Muna Kidane-Mariam as Miss Earth Ethiopia 2003 for failing to actively promote the pageant's environmental projects.
From 2003-2008, the Ethiopian representative to Miss Earth was usually the winner of Miss Universe Ethiopia or from the Miss Millennium Queen pageant. 
Ethiopia failed to attend the Miss Earth pageant in 2002, 2005, 2009, and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21467382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467382" title="Will Norman">
Will Norman

Willard Patterson "Toad" Norman (September 22, 1903 - July 1964) was a professional football player who played in 1928 for the Pottsville Maroons of the National Football League. He was also on the 1929 roster for the Orange Tornadoes. Norman attended and played his college football at Washington & Jefferson College.

</doc>
<doc id="21467399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467399" title="List of Masters of University College, Oxford">
List of Masters of University College, Oxford

The head of University College, Oxford is known as the Master.
University College was founded by William of Durham with a legacy in 1249. The names of early Masters are not known. The earliest surviving College Register starts from 1509 and dates before that are uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="21467414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467414" title="List of castles in Cheshire">
List of castles in Cheshire

There are 20 castles in the county of Cheshire in North West England. Cheshire is one of the historic counties of England and its historic boundaries are different from the modern county lines. Some castles that were formerly in Cheshire are now in Greater Manchester. In addition, Warrington Castle is historically a part of Lancashire but is within the current boundaries of Cheshire. Before the Norman conquest of England began in 1066, defensive sites in England were communal, such as Anglo-Saxon burhs built as a defence against the Danes. Castles were popularised in England by the Normans – although a few sites in the south-east pre-dating the Norman conquest – and were owned by the feudal lords. The primary purpose of a castle was military: to be used as a base of operations and to control the surrounding areas. A castle was considered to be a stamp of authority over the population of an area, and a status symbol. Some would have acted as centres of trade and administration for a manor.
Castles can take several forms. The most common is the motte-and-bailey which consists of a motte (a mound) – surmounted by a keep or tower – connected to a bailey, an outer enclosure where the barracks and workshops were located. Other types of castle in Cheshire are ringworks and fortified manor houses. Ringworks are similar to motte-and-bailey castles but lack the motte; although contemporary with motte-and-baileys, they are an uncommon form of fortification. A ringwork may have been built rather than a motte-and-bailey because the soil was too thin to provide a proper motte or simply because of the preference of the builder. A fortified manor house was the administrative centre of a manor – a division of land in medieval England – and was usually the home of the local lord. Fortified manor houses are considered castles because they often had battlements or crenellations.
Due to its border with Wales, Cheshire played an important role in defending England against the Welsh. Many castles were built along the border, and 8 of the 20 castles in Cheshire are within of the Welsh border. Castles along the border were constructed when the Norman invasion of Wales was slowed by Welsh opposition; when conquest was swift, there was less need for fortifications. Compared to north Wales, relatively few castles are found in Cheshire since many, such as Holt Castle, were built on the western side of the River Dee. Most of these castles were motte-and-baileys and were originally of turf and timber construction, although they were sometimes later replaced by stone structures if a long-term castle was needed. Away from the borders, baronial castles were built in Cheshire and were a status symbol. The castles in Cheshire were built over a period of several centuries, with the earliest in 1070 and the latest in the 15th century. Most, 12 out of 20, were built between 1070 and the end of the 12th century. Of the three castles in Cheshire known to have been built after the 13th century, they are either tower houses or fortified manor houses; this type of structure was more important as a feudal residence than a military structure and reflects the national trend of castles after the 13th century being used as a symbol of authority rather than primarily military.
Most of the castles are in a ruinous state, having been abandoned after they fulfilled their military purpose. The remains are often protected by law: 11 sites are Scheduled Monuments, and 5 are listed buildings. A Scheduled Ancient Monument is a "nationally important" archaeological site or historic building, given protection against unauthorised change. As well as the 20 known castles in Cheshire, historian Mike Salter in his 2001 gazetteer of the castles in Cheshire and Lancashire lists Mud Hill in Coddington () and Peel Hall near Manley () as possible sites of castles.
Alternative names.
Some of the castles in the list have more than one name. Where this is the case, the alternative names are listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="21467440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467440" title="Miss Earth Liberia">
Miss Earth Liberia

Miss Earth Liberia is the official title given to Liberia's delegate to the Miss Earth pageant. The pageant focuses mainly on promoting environmental causes and winners are chosen equally on their physical attributes as well as their understanding and knowledge of the issues affecting the earth.
History.
In 2005, the Miss Earth Liberia franchise was obtained by Beauties of Africa Inc, owned by Mr. Andy A. Abulime. However, the first year Liberia sent a representative to Miss Earth was in 2006 with Rachel Bidmia Njinimbam as the first Miss Earth Liberia titleholder and competed in Miss Earth 2006. Njinimbam founded "The Alpha Omega Children's Foundation" in 2007 to benefit Liberian orphans. 
In 2008, Liberia was represented in Miss Earth 2008 by Marit Woods, the daughter of Samuel Kofi Woods, a lifelong Liberian Human Rights Advocate and also Liberia’s Labor Ministry.
Titleholders.
The following are the names of the annual titleholders of Miss Earth Liberia, listed according to the year in which they participated in Miss Earth:
See also.
Miss Earth

</doc>
<doc id="21467463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467463" title="International Journal of Obesity">
International Journal of Obesity

The International Journal of Obesity (abbreviated as "IJO") is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Nature Publishing Group.
Aims and scope.
The journal addresses the development and treatment of obesity, and the functional impairments associated with the obese state. It publishes basic science and clinical studies that address the biochemical, epidemiological, genetical, molecular, metabolic, nutritional, physiological, psychological and sociological aspects of obesity.
Abstracting and indexing.
"International Journal of Obesity" is indexed in the following databases:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 5.125, ranking it 4th out of 70 journals in the category "Nutrition & Dietetics" and 19th out of 116 journals in the category "Endocrinology & Metabolism".

</doc>
<doc id="21467485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467485" title="Coinage of Philip IV of France">
Coinage of Philip IV of France

The coinage of Philip IV of France (1268–1314, also known as "Philippe le Bel") marks the first mass diffusion of gold coinage in the Kingdom of France (before him, only his grandfather Saint Louis IX, had minted a few gold coins, the "Ecu"). Philip however had to resort extensively to monetary devaluations and reevaluations in order to finance his royal budget as well as his war efforts.
Gold coinage.
Florin d'or.
Philippe le Bel's golden Florin, also called "Petit Royal assis" ("Small seated Royal") was the first French gold coin to reach major circulation. It was first minted in August 1290. Its popularity was due to the fact that it was an authentic Florin, with a weight of 3.54 grams, and entirely made of pure gold (1.000 title). It was circulated without problem among the gold Florentine Florin and their imitations throughout Europe. At minting, the coin was attributed an account value of 10 sols tournois (half a pound).
Masse d'or.
This landmark coin of Philip the Fair, called a "Masse d'or", was issued soon after the "false" double-parisis and tournois of 1295. It was minted from 10 January 1296 to August 1310. This coin was supposed to be a "Double Florin", but it was actually debased (it was a "false" Double-Florin). The weight of the coin was indeed double that of the "Petit Royal assis" (7.10g), but its title was only 22 karats (instead of 24 karats), a title of only 0.916. The copper alloy used actually hardened the coin, so that it was nicknamed "Royal dur" ("Hard Royal"). Its value was one "livre Parisis" (one "Parisis pound"). It represented a major devaluation, and represented an attempt by Philip IV to obtain revenues through minting. At minting, the coin was attributed an account value of 25 sols tournois (one pound parisis).
Chaise d'or.
The "Chaise d'or" ("Golden throne") was a beautiful gold coin with the depiction of a large Gothic throne on which the king was seated. It was produced from August 22, 1303, and had a title of 1.000. This coin was an authentic double Florin, with a weight of 7.10g at 24 karats. It was meant to erase the memory of the debased billon coins which had been in circulation. This coin incorporates the first elements of Gothic architecture ever on a French coin.
The "Chaise d'Or" was worth 50 parisis sols, that is 2.5 parisis pounds at the time of minting.
Denier d'or de la Reine.
The "Denier d'or de la Reine" was another important coin of Philip IV. It was minted from 1305, and had a title of 1.000. Its account value at the time of mint is unknown.
Agnel d'or.
The "Agnel d'or" ("golden lamb") was the last gold coin of the reign of Philip the Fair. It had a weight of 4.13g and was composed of pure 24 karats gold. Its value was one "Livre tournois" or 15 Parisis sols ("Sous Parisis").
Philip IV also minted a variety of silver and billon coins.

</doc>
<doc id="21467505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467505" title="Missile lock-on">
Missile lock-on

Missile lock-on is when the guidance system for a missile (or its associated launch vehicle) can accurately track a target, and a fire-control system can calculate the required flightpath for the missile to intercept the target. Missile lock-on is typically indicated to the pilot or missile operator via an audible tone, a head-up display or a helmet-mounted display.
Types.
Semi-active radar homing.
With a semi-active radar homing system, the launch platform acquires the target with its search radar. The missile is then powered up while the launch platform's illuminator radar "lights up" the target for it. The illuminator is a radar transmitter with a narrow, focused beam that may be separate from the search radar and that can be directed at a target using information from the search radar. When the passive radar of the missile's guidance system is able to "see"/detect the radio waves reflected from the target, missile lock-on is achieved and the weapon is ready to be launched.
Infrared homing.
In this scenario, the target itself provides the (infrared) emissions that the missile's Infrared homing sensor is able to detect; lock-on occurs when the missile is powered up and able to "see" the infrared signature of the target.
Detection by the target.
The subject of a radar lock-on may become aware of the fact that it is being actively targeted by virtue of the electro-magnetic emissions of the tracking system, notably the illuminator. This condition will present a heightened threat to the target, as it indicates that a missile may be about to be fired at it.

</doc>
<doc id="21467521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467521" title="Lyons–Seward Treaty of 1862">
Lyons–Seward Treaty of 1862

The Treaty between the United States and Great Britain for the Suppression of the Slave Trade, also known as the Lyons-Seward Treaty, was a treaty entered into between the United States and the United Kingdom. It was negotiated by U.S. Secretary of State William H. Seward and British Ambassador to the United States Richard Lyons, 1st Viscount Lyons. The treaty was concluded in Washington, D.C. on April 7, 1862, and was unanimously ratified by the United States Senate on April 25, 1862. Ratifications were exchanged in London, on May 25, 1862. It was proclaimed by President Abraham Lincoln on July 7, 1862.
The treaty set forth aggressive measures to end the Atlantic slave trade, including an agreement that the respective countries would use their navies to seize merchant vessels carrying captured Africans, including any vessel bearing indications of being a slave trading vessel, such as grated hatches instead of closed hatches, stores of food and water far exceeding the needs of a normal crew, and shackles or chains. It conceded to England the right of search to a limited extent in African and Cuban waters, but secured a similar concession for American war vessels from the British government. Seward, by his course in the Trent Affair which preceded the negotiation of the Treaty, virtually committed Great Britain to the American attitude with regard to this right.

</doc>
<doc id="21467572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467572" title="Islamic Azad University of Sabzevar">
Islamic Azad University of Sabzevar

The Islamic Azad University of Sabzevar (IAUS) was founded in 1985 in Sabzevar, the second largest city in the Khorasan province in the north east of Iran. Located at the center of a largely agricultural region, Sabzevar has a population of around two hundred thousands, mainly engaged in commerce and small industry.

</doc>
<doc id="21467598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467598" title="Gong Hwang-cherng">
Gong Hwang-cherng

Gong Hwang-cherng () (1934–2010) was a Taiwan Chinese linguist who specialized in Sino-Tibetan comparative linguistics and the phonetic reconstruction of Tangut and Old Chinese. He was born 10 December 1934 at Yunlin County in Taiwan, and graduated from National Taiwan Normal University in 1958 with a degree in English. He earned his PhD in 1975 from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany, and was a research fellow and later professor at Academia Sinica in Taiwan. He was elected an honorary member of the Linguistic Society of America in 2001, and an academician of Academia Sinica in 2002. In 2006, he received a life achievement award from the Linguistic Society of Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="21467601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467601" title="Top selling singles and albums in Ireland 2008">
Top selling singles and albums in Ireland 2008

This is a list of the best selling singles, albums and as according to IRMA. Further listings can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="21467604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467604" title="Irina Bespalova">
Irina Bespalova

Irina Nikolayevna Bespalova (born May 31, 1981) is a female butterfly swimmer from Russia, who represented her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, PR China. She competed in the women's 100m butterfly and the women's 4 x 100m medley at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21467618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467618" title="The Kennedys (museum)">
The Kennedys (museum)

The Kennedys () is a private museum in Berlin, Germany. It is located at Auguststraße 11-13 and displays documents from the lives of the Kennedy family. 
The Kennedys has one of the world's most comprehensive collection of photographs, official documents, private papers and holding pieces of the Kennedy family. Approximately 300 photographs and objects are on display, many of which were formerly owned by the Kennedy family.

</doc>
<doc id="21467628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467628" title="Asoo Billa">
Asoo Billa

Asoo Billa is a typical Punjabi masala action revenge flick. It became a sizeable and surprising hit in 2001. The Pakistani film is directed by classic Punjabi director Husnain, who has produced films like "Nikah" and "Naukar Tey Malik".
Plot.
Asoo’s (Shaan) father, who works in a local godown finds that “poe-durr” (heroin) is being smuggled from the godown and he being the upright, virtuous (idiotic) type decides that he absolutely must blow his own trumpet and go to the police to blow the whistle on the nefarious drug smuggling operation going on under his own very nose at the behest of his own employers.
Asoo’s dad meets a terrible fate, as the police turns out to be a party to the drug smuggling ring instead of rewarding the poor man for his civic sense and courage, thrashesand beats him to a pulp. Then the old man is fraudulently charged with the theft of Rs. 2 lac, humiliated and thrown into prison. Meanwhile a shell shocked Asoo arrives at the police station where he is told that unless he manages to get hold of the money that his father has been accused of stealing…matters would get out of hand. When poor Asoo fails to turn up with the money on time the corrupt officer turns up at his home and humiliates Asoo’s mother and hits her and worse causes the dupatta to fall of her head. This indignity for Asoo is the last straw and as he arrives at the Police station in a fury it is only to find his dad being pummeled into a meatball. This for young Asoo is too much to take and all of a sudden the mild mannered Asoo is transformed into a drooling, axe-wielding maniac who proceeds to bludgeon to death what seems like the entire local police force.
The next day in court Asoo pleads guilty to murder and is sentenced to death so vehemently by the judge that he snubs his nib while writing the word death…….deep, meaningful symbolism Lollywood style! Now the blood bath begins as his friend Ghiasia whisks Asoo away from jail in a deadly grenade attack. Asoo takes refuge with Sana the golden-hearted prostitute who shows up habitually to launch into a frenetically energetic dance complete with serious pelvic thrusting and torso twisting. Asoo Billa becomes the local Robin Hood, stealing from the rich to provide for the destitute and now it remains to be seen if he can complete his mission of destroying all his enemies before he is himself struck down and it doesn’t take a genius to guess exactly what does transpire.
Success in Pakistan.
Asoo Billa became a sizeable box office smash in the first half of 2001 running to packed houses all over the country in the pre-Osama lull before the storm. It is difficult to imagine why this particular film scored a bull’s eye while so many others that appear to be identical in theme and execution and actors failed.

</doc>
<doc id="21467632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467632" title="Richrelevance">
Richrelevance

RichRelevance is a company, based in San Francisco, California, that offers personalized shopping experiences for large retail brands, including Wal-Mart, Sears, Target and others. 
RichRelevance is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in New York, Seattle, Boston and London.
Richrelevance was founded by a former Amazon.com Personalization R&D team member.

</doc>
<doc id="21467636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467636" title="HM Prison Werrington">
HM Prison Werrington

HM Prison Werrington (also known as Werrington Juvenile Centre) is a male juvenile's prison located in the village of Werrington in Staffordshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Werrington opened in 1895 as an industrial school. Prison Commissioners purchased the establishment in 1955, and converted it into a Senior Detention Centre in 1957. Werrington then became a Youth Custody Centre in 1985, after implementation of the Criminal Justice Act 1982. In 1988 it was converted into a Juvenile Prison, its current role.
In September 1998, an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons criticised Werrington for being unsuitable for 15 to 17-year-old inmates, stating that conditions at the prison were akin those in adult jails. The report criticised the prison for converting its dormitory-style accommodation into double-occupancy cells, and for prioners having their meals in their cells rather than using the communal dining rooms. Inadequate medical cover for some prisoners, and the sports hall's poor facilities were also highlighted.
In March 2003, the Prison Reform Trust highlighted Werrington Prison for its high turnover of governors. The trust noted that Werrington had employed four governors in five years, and that such arrangements would not be allowed in schools or hospitals. The trust also singled out the high levels of prison officers' sickness at the jail.
In September 2007, the Howard League for Penal Reform claimed that inmates at Werrington were being forcibly strip searched. It was reported that on one occasion, a prisoner had his clothing cut off whilst undergoing a search. However the league noted that the prison had improved in other areas.
The prison today.
Werrington Prison is a Juvenile Centre for males aged from 15 to 18. Full-time and part-time education courses are provided as part of the prison's regime, as are vocational training workshops in catering, bricklaying, painting & decorating, tiling & plastering, "European Computer Driving Licence", horticulture and theatre.
Physical Education is offered to inmates throughout the week, evenings and weekends. The prison's enrichment programme includes a youth club, sewing/crafts club, Lego and pottery.

</doc>
<doc id="21467648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467648" title="Chris Murphy (hurler)">
Chris Murphy (hurler)

Chris Murphy (born 1985 in Blackrock, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Blackrock and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009 where he was called up due to the 2008 panels strike. Murphy was also a Cork Senior Football panelist in 2006 and 2007 before deciding to concentrate on Hurling. In 2005 Murphy won a Junior All Ireland Football medal with Cork. The followong year Murphy represented Cork in both U21 Football and Hurling, winning a Munster U21 medal from full back in Football while also playing full back with the U21 hurlers which were beaten in the Munster final by Tipperary. Murphy was awarded the Man of the Match award for his display at Full Back in the 2009 National League encounter against Tipperary In Thurles, which was a notable achievement as his direct opponents on the night where John O Brien and Patrick "Bonner" Maher.

</doc>
<doc id="21467659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467659" title="Miss Earth Rep of Congo">
Miss Earth Rep of Congo

Miss Earth Republic of the Congo is the official title given to the Republic of the Congo's delegate to the Miss Earth pageant. The reigning titleholders dedicate their year to promote environmental projects and to address issues concerning the environment.
History.
In 2007, the Miss Earth Rep of the Congo franchise was obtained by Beauties of Africa Inc, owned by Andy Abulime. 
The Republic of the Congo sent a representative to Miss Earth for the first time in 2008. The country was first represented by Katissia Christy Kouta, who won Miss Congo 2007, she competed in Miss Earth 2008.
See also.
Miss Earth 2008

</doc>
<doc id="21467674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467674" title="Walter Costello">
Walter Costello

Walter Costello (April 20, 1889 – July 25, 1917) was a St. Louis gangster and member of the Egan's Rats.
Born and raised in North St. Louis to Irish-American parents, Costello joined Egan's Rats while in his late teens. He became known as a crack shot with a pistol. At the age of 19 in the summer of 1908, Costello was stabbed and nearly killed in a tavern brawl. Mere months later, Walter was shot and severely wounded during a fight in the rear of the Jolly Five Club at 1511 Morgan Street. During the melee, Costello had also shot Frederick Greenfield. 
Walter's temper nearly got him killed once again two years later. On December 20, 1910, he was shot near the heart while trespassing in a rooming house at 1831 Franklin Avenue. His assailant was the building's housekeeper, Mrs. Kate Klutz. Despite the near fatal bullet wound, Costello still managed to stagger three blocks to the east to Willie Egan's saloon and call for a taxicab to take him to the hospital. Mrs. Klutz fled St. Louis in fear of the gangsters, and Costello recovered fully from his wounds.
After his three brushes with death, Walter Costello was known in gangland circles to lead a "charmed life." He grew to be Willie Egan's bodyguard and was never without two pistols on his person at all times. Walter also served as a St. Louis City Deputy Constable to Judge Andrew Gazzolo, thereby giving him permission to carry his pistols and even make arrests if he so desired. Costello was one of two men who shot and killed dangerous former Egan hoodlum Harry "Cherries" Dunn at the Typo Press Club at 712 Pine Street on September 19, 1916. Dunn had been murdered in retaliation for the killings of Egan gangsters William "Skippy" Rohan and Harry Romani. 
Harry Dunn's brother John swore to kill everyone connected to his brother's murder. The Typo Press Club shooting touched off a war between the Egan's Rats and the rival Bottoms Gang. A few weeks after Cherries' murder, on October 4, 1916, Costello would lead the same hit team into Bev Brown's saloon at 1233 Chestnut Street, where Dunn's friend Eddie Schoenborn worked as a bartender. After a fake fight designed to get the tavern's owners to drop their guard, Costello and his men shot Schoenborn to death. 
Pudgy Dunn eventually succeeded in murdering one of Harry's killers, Frank "Gutter" Newman, on June 8, 1917 in front of a house at 3323 Lucas Avenue. Both Willie Egan and Walter Costello went everywhere armed and with their eyes peeled for rival gangsters. 
The evening of July 24, 1917 found Egan and Costello letting off steam at the Falstaff Club at 11 North Sixth Street. With them were five other members of the gang, including Max Greenberg. As the night went on, the hoods got drunker and rowdier. Closing time came at 1 am and the gangsters refused to leave. While Walter Costello loudly demanded more drinks, the bartender stole away to a telephone and called the police. St. Louis City Patrolmen John Sipple and Fred Egenriether were soon on the scene. Willie Egan and his party finally walked outside to their automobile. The two cops literally had to drag the intoxicated Costello out of the place. When he got to the car, Costello quickly drew one of his pistols and aimed it at Patrolman Sipple. Willie Egan, shocked at this turn of events, grabbed his friend's arm and yelled, "Here, you fool! We're not killing policemen!" The words were just out of his mouth when Patrolman Egenriether shot Costello twice in the chest. One of his bullets penetrated Walter's heart and killed him almost instantly. Another of the Rats, Edward "Red" Giebe, then screamed in rage and pulled his own gun. Egan knocked his pistol away as well, and Giebe took off running before the cops could react. Walter Costello's killing was ruled justifiable homicide and Willie Egan commented, "I've saved a policeman's life tonight."

</doc>
<doc id="21467692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467692" title="Lawrence Ogilvie">
Lawrence Ogilvie

Lawrence Ogilvie (5 July 1898 – 16 April 1980) was a Scottish plant pathologist.
Ogilvie was a UK expert on the diseases of commercially grown vegetables and wheat from the 1930s to the 1960s.
In the 1920s — when agriculture, rather than tourism, was Bermuda's major industry — he identified the virus that had devastated for 30 years the island's lily-bulb crop. He re-established the vital export trade to the USA and increased it to seven-fold the volume of ten years earlier.
In total he wrote over 130 articles about plant diseases in journals of learned societies.
Early life.
Ogilvie was born in Rosehearty in the north of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, on 5 July 1898. His father, the Reverend William Paton Ogilvie was the minister of the Presbyterian church there. He attended Aberdeen Grammar School and took his BSc and MA at the University of Aberdeen in 1921 as the Fullerton Research Scholar with special distinction in Botany and Zoology. He was also awarded the Collie Prize for the most distinguished student in Botany. In Aberdeen, he lectured on the Alpine flora of China. At Emmanuel College, Cambridge University, he was awarded an MSc in 1923 for his work on slime fluxes on trees, particularly willows, elms, horse chestnuts, and apples.
Career.
Bermuda.
From September 1923 to April 1928 he was the Bermuda government's first plant pathologist. He developed agricultural laws for Bermuda; initiated seed testing; registered local seedsmen; organised the improvement of seed potatoes; established plant quarantine; studied the diseases of celery and other vegetables, maize, vines, avocados, bananas and citrus fruits; and investigated the banana losses from the Mediterranean Fruit Fly.
As the Bermuda delegate at the Kingston, Jamaica 8th West Indian Agricultural Conference in March 1924, he initiated West Indian plant inspections, nursery-stock export certificates, and the inspection and grading of fruit and vegetables for export.
He was acclaimed in Bermuda for identifying the virus that had increasingly damaged the commercially vital lily-bulb export trade of "Lilium longiflorum" to the USA since the late 19th century. Aphid damage had previously been thought to be the cause of the crop failures. He reported the marked improvements found during his inspections of 204 bulb fields in 1927, following controls in the fields and packing stations: exports of Bermuda Easter lilies increased from 823 cases in 1918 to 6043 cases in 1927. Due to this success being published in the renowned "Nature" magazine and while still in his 20s, Ogilvie was made a vice-president of the British Lily Society.
Ogilvie wrote "The Insects of Bermuda", published in 1928 by the Department of Agriculture, Bermuda. He identified and described 395 insects; in particular the "Aphid ogilviei" discovered by him on "Lilium harisii" in Bermuda.
Bermuda had three crops of vegetables each year for export to New York: this gave him the experience to later pioneer the European study of vegetable diseases.
England.
In the winter of 1928 he was appointed Advisory Mycologist at Long Ashton Research Station near Bristol, England. The Vale of Evesham, Cornwall, and other West Country areas grew and grow much of Britain's vegetables. He pioneered the European study of commercial fruit and particularly vegetable diseases with 44 scientific papers between 1929 and 1946 at Long Ashton Research Station. He wrote the government’s official national "Diseases of Vegetables" practical guide for trade growers: the six editions from 1941 to 1969 were full of photos of wilting crops.
Ogilvie was important to the World War II and post-war challenge of feeding Britain: he was the leading British expert on the diseases of cereal crops and vegetables. By the 1940s, wheat varieties had not been sufficiently bred to resist the rust and other diseases that particularly affected the damp conditions of Britain. Before the war, Britain imported half its food, but by 1941 relied on home-grown crops because German submarines were sinking about 60 merchant ships per month, and the priority for shipping was to carry matériel to resist the impending invasion. The 1940s varieties of wheat were still unable to resist disease, with long stalks prone to lodging in the heavy rains of the west of England. Ogilvie was the international authority on the diseases of wheat that flourished in these damp, warm conditions, particularly Black Stem Rust and Take All.
Ogilvie and his team of scientists advised growers and farmers in the south-west of England through the war years and until his retirement in 1963. This was particularly important to Britain during the war and the continued food rationing period to 1954 — bread for instance was rationed from 1946 to 1948, even though it was not rationed during the war. Ogilvie was elected a vice president of the British Mycological Society in December 1956.
Personal life.
Ogilvie was a keen skier. On 10 January 1931, he married landscape architect Doris Katherine Raikes Turnbull, who he had met in Bermuda. During World War II he was a member of the Home Guard in the hamlet of East Dundry where he lived with his wife and son.
He was a founding member and a chairman of the Friends of the Bristol Art Gallery, giving the Jacob Epstein bronze "Kathlene" to the gallery. He was on the founding committee of Bristol's Arnolfini Gallery. Ogilvie was a keen watercolour artist, and with his wife formed a collection of 1940s and 1950s modern art. He died on 16 April 1980 following operations after falling in his East Dundry garden and breaking his hip.

</doc>
<doc id="21467727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467727" title="Darren Crowley">
Darren Crowley

Darren Crowley (born 1987 in Bandon, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Bandon and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009 when he was called up due to the 2008-2009 Cork players strike.

</doc>
<doc id="21467732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467732" title="Kevin Kewley">
Kevin Kewley

Kevin Kewley (born 2 March 1955 in Liverpool) is a retired professional footballer who played in both England and the United States.
Career.
Playing career.
Kewley began his career as an apprentice at hometown side Liverpool, where he made one league appearance during the 1977–78 season. Kewley later played in the NASL with the Dallas Tornado, and in indoor soccer with the Wichita Wings.
Coaching career.
After retiring as a player, Kewley coached the Wichita Wings from 1991 to 2001. In 1993, Kewley was hired to coach the Wichita Blue Angels in the USISL.

</doc>
<doc id="21467733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467733" title="Norman Hallam">
Norman Hallam

Norman Henry Hallam (born 23 October 1920) was an English footballer. A half-back, he helped Port Vale to finish second in the Third Division North in 1952–53. Whilst at the club he became a Methodist Minister. He later played for Halifax Town and Goole Town.
Playing career.
Hallam played for Chelsea, before joining Port Vale in May 1946. He played 27 first team games in 1946–47, scoring his first senior goal on 9 November, in a 4–1 defeat to Walsall at Fellows Park. He scored three goals in 30 games in 1947–48. He quit full-time football in July 1948 to become a Methodist Minister, but played one Third Division South game in 1949–50. At the end of the 1950–51 season he conducted the funeral of Gordon Hodgson, his former manager at Vale Park. Hallam re-joined the "Valiants" in January 1952, although did not play regularly, as living in Birmingham he couldn't always make it to matches. He played three games in 1951–52 and eight games in 1952–53, helping Freddie Steele's side to finish second in the Third Division North in the latter campaign. In May 1953, he moved house to Doncaster and left the club on a free transfer to Halifax Town. He played three games for the "Shaymen" in 1953–54. After leaving The Shay, he later played for Goole Town.

</doc>
<doc id="21467740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467740" title="Fort Madison Downtown Commercial Historic District">
Fort Madison Downtown Commercial Historic District

The Fort Madison Downtown Commercial Historic District is a collection of late-19th century store fronts centered on Ave. G, from 6th to 9th Street, and Ave. H from 7th to 9th, in Fort Madison, Iowa. Notable buildings include the Lee County Savings Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="21467764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467764" title="Miss Earth DR Congo">
Miss Earth DR Congo

Miss Earth Democratic Republic of the Congo is the official title given to Democratic Republic of the Congo's delegate to the Miss Earth pageant. This pageant, unlike Miss World or Miss Universe focuses mainly on promoting environmental causes and winners are chosen equally on their physical attributes as well as their understanding and knowledge of the issues affecting the Earth. 
Along with Miss Universe and Miss World contests, Miss Earth is one of the three largest beauty pageants in the world in terms of the number of national-level competitions to participate in the world finals. The reigning titleholders dedicate their year to promote environmental projects and to address issues concerning the environment.
History.
The first year Democratic Republic of the Congo sent a representative to Miss Earth was in 2008, she goes on to compete at Miss Earth without a separate national competition. 
In 2008 the Miss Earth Democratic Republic of the Congo franchise was obtained by Beauties of Africa Inc, owned by Mr. Andy A. Abulime, and since 2007 a Delegate has attended the Annual Miss Earth pageant in the Philippines.[http://english.ohmynews.com/ArticleView/article_view.asp?no=384038&rel_no=1]
Titleholders.
The reigning Miss Earth Democratic Republic of the Congo is Olga Tshikala Yumba Miss Dr Congo 2008 [http://www.missearth.tv/2008/candidates_08cod.html]

</doc>
<doc id="21467789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467789" title="ITV Tyne Tees &amp; Border">
ITV Tyne Tees &amp; Border

ITV Tyne Tees & Border is a non-franchise ITV regional service covering County Durham, Northumberland, North Yorkshire, Teesside, Tyne and Wear, Cumbria, Dumfries and Galloway, and the Scottish Borders.
The service was launched on Wednesday 25 February 2009, shortly after the broadcasting regulator OFCOM gave ITV plc the go-ahead to merge two regions, ITV Tyne Tees and ITV Border.
"North East Tonight" and "Lookaround" titles were retained for the 6pm programme and late bulletin each weekday, whilst shorter bulletins were known simply as "Tyne Tees & Border News". On 14 January 2013, the "Tyne Tees" news service rebranded as "ITV News Tyne Tees" with the "Border" news service "Lookaround" retained. Pan-regional bulletins were then branded as "ITV News Tyne Tees & Border" while the existing Tyne Tees monthly political programme "Around the House" now also incorporates the Border region.
The service covered the Isle of Man until Thursday 16 July 2009 when "Granada Reports" (the ITV Granada region) took over coverage of the Crown dependency.
The news service is produced and broadcast from the ITV Tyne Tees studios at The Watermark, Gateshead with reporters also based at bureaux in Billingham, Carlisle, Edinburgh, the University of Sunderland and York.
The region was selected in November 2009 to be one of the pilot areas for the provision of the new Independently Funded News Consortia proposed by Ofcom, however the plan was scrapped in June 2010.
The amalgamated region was heavily criticised due to a lack of coverage for viewers in the South of Scotland.
On 23 July 2013, proposals to reintroduce full regional services for the Tyne Tees and Border regions were approved by OFCOM, effectively leading to a demerger of the Tyne Tees and Border service. On 16 September 2013, "Lookaround" and "ITV News Tyne Tees" were restored as fully separate regional programmes on weekdays with shorter daytime and weekend bulletins reintroduced. Both programmes continue to be broadcast from Tyne Tees' Gateshead studios with extra journalists recruited for newsgathering in the Border region.
ITV Border was also required to reopen its former opt-out service for southern Scotland, previously utilized to broadcast split news bulletins and select STV programming. A minimum of 90 minutes a week of bespoke Scottish programming is broadcast on ITV Border Scotland with viewers in Cumbria continuing to receive network output. The sub-regional service, launched on Monday 6 January 2014, incorporates a thrice-weekly political programme, "Representing Border", on Tuesday - Thursday nights and a peak-time feature series, "Border Life", on Monday evenings. The service is available on Freeview only with programmes also available online on the ITV Border website.

</doc>
<doc id="21467831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467831" title="2007 European Rowing Championships">
2007 European Rowing Championships

The 2007 European Rowing Championships were held at the Lake Malta in Poznan, Poland, between September 21 and September 23, 2007. These were the first after the decision made in May 2006 by FISA to re-establish the European Rowing Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21467832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467832" title="Evan Siemann">
Evan Siemann

Evan Siemann is an associate professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Rice University in Houston, Texas. He received his AB from Cornell University in 1990 and his Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1997. The focus of his research has been investigating how local environmental factors (e.g. enemies, resources, disturbance regime and recruitment limitation) interact with post-invasion adaptation to determine the likelihood and severity of Chinese tallow tree ("Sapium sebiferum") invasions into East Texas coastal prairie, mesic forests, and floodplain forests. The results of this research have been highlighted in Science Daily, Environmental News Service, and The Sciences. He has also recently begun to explore the ecosystem level impacts of exotic tree invasions into coastal prairies. His research group is also engaged in a number of applied research projects related to controlling exotic plant and animal invasions into Texas ecosystems.

</doc>
<doc id="21467848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21467848" title="Mioland">
Mioland

Mioland (1937–1951) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred in Oregon by H. W. Ray, he was out of the mare Iolanda. His German-born sire was Mio D'Arezzo, a winner of the Deutsches St. Leger who had been imported to stand at stud in the United States.
Early career.
Raced at age two, Mioland's regular jockey was Earl Dew who won several races aboard the colt at California racetracks. Owner H. W. Ray sold Mioland to Charles Howard as a three-year-old. He was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer Tom Smith.
In the 1940 U.S. Triple Crown series, under jockey Lester Balaski, Mioland ran fourth to winner Gallahadion in the Kentucky Derby then second to Bimelech in the Preakness Stakes. He did not run in the Belmont Stakes but that year he won the Potomac and Westchester Handicaps in the Northeastern United States then the prestigious American Derby at Chicago then in California, the San Juan Capistrano Handicap.
Later career.
Mioland remained on the West Coast of the United States where he won three important races in 1941 including his second consecutive San Juan Capistrano Handicap. What makes his back-to-back wins even more notable is that the 1940 win was at a distance of 1 miles but the 1941 win came at the much longer distance of 1 miles. Mioland's 1941 performances earned him American Champion Older Male Horse honors from "Daily Racing Form". The rival Turf & Sports Digest award was won by Big Pebble.
Mioland raced at age five on the United States East Coast where his best results were a record-breaking win in the 1942 Coral Gables Handicap at Tropical Park, a second-place finish behind Challedon in the Philadelphia Handicap at Havre de Grace Racetrack and third in the Dixie Handicap to 1941 Triple Crown winner, Whirlaway.
Retired to stud duty, Mioland had limited success as a sire but did get several winners of minor race before dying in 1951 at the relatively early age of fourteen.

</doc>
