<doc id="21544550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544550" title="Robert Stone (director)">
Robert Stone (director)

Robert Stone is a British-American documentary filmmaker. His work has been screened at dozens of film festivals and televised around the world, notably several times on PBS's "American Experience" series. One of his most recent works is "Earth Days" (2009), about the beginnings of the environmental movement in the USA. Earth Days was nominated for the Sheffield Green Award at Sheffield Doc/Fest in 2009.
Biography.
Stone was born in England and educated in the United States. His father Lawrence Stone was a noted historian and chair of the History Department at Princeton University, where Robert grew up. He was educated at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, did a brief stint at Sorbonne University in Paris and at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in New York. His debut work was the Academy Award-nominated "Radio Bikini" (1988), about nuclear tests performed around Bikini Atoll in 1946. 
Known in large part for his innovative use of archival material in historical documentaries, Stone has directed several well received documentaries that he has shot himself, including "American Babylon" (2000) and, most recently, "Pandora's Promise" (2013), which makes the environmental case for nuclear energy as a solution to climate change.
Entertainment Weekly film critic Owen Gleiberman stated that Stone "may be the most under-celebrated great documentary filmmaker in America." His films "Guerrilla: The Taking of Patty Hearst" (2004) and "Oswald's Ghost" (2008) both received Emmy nominations for Exceptional Merit in Documentary Filmmaking; Gleiberman hailed them as "two of the most explosively insightful documentaries of the last decade".
His only foray into fiction filmmaking was a counter-factual fake historical documentary for German television called "World War Three" in 1998. In addition to his work making feature-documentaries, in the early 1990s he was commissioned to create a 24-part semi-interactive permanent installation at the JFK Presidential Library in Boston.
Stone has had four world premiers at the Sundance Film Festival (including Closing Night Film in 2009). His work has been screened and honored at dozens other festivals worldwide.
Stone lives and works in New York's Hudson Valley with his wife and two sons.
External links.
Robert Stone Productions

</doc>
<doc id="21544576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544576" title="F1 Championship Season 2000">
F1 Championship Season 2000

F1 Championship Season 2000 is a 2000 video game based on the 2000 Formula One season, developed by EA Sports and released for the PlayStation, Macintosh, PC, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Color.
Bugs.
In European PS2 copies of the game, when the player overtakes the car ahead, the latter will accelerate, especially in corners, beyond the difficulty level chosen.
Reception.
The game received a tepid critical response, suffering from a poor AI.
See also.
EA Sports F1 Series

</doc>
<doc id="21544581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544581" title="Bizen-Mikado Station">
Bizen-Mikado Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544594" title="Daianji Station">
Daianji Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544599" title="Jeremy Tolleson">
Jeremy Tolleson

Jeremy Tolleson (born April 30, 1982 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a retired American defender who played professionally in the United Soccer Leagues. He is a missionary in Honduras.
Player.
Tolleson attended Wheaton College, where he played on the men’s NCAA Division III college soccer team from 2001 to 2004, and was the 2004 College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin Player of the Year. 
During his college years Tolleson also played two seasons for the Cascade Surge in the USL Premier Development League, where he was named to the 2004 All Western Conference team.
Tolleson signed with the Cleveland City Stars in the USL Second Division on January 7, 2007. He led the team in minutes played in 2008, helping the Stars win the USL-2 championship. On February 13, 2009, he signed with the Carolina RailHawks of the USL First Division. He was the team defender of the year and also went on loan to the Richmond Kickers for one game. In February 2010, Tolleson retired to become a missionary in Honduras.
Coach.
From 2007 to 2009, Tolleson served as an assistant coach with the Gordon College men’s soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="21544603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544603" title="Bizen-Ichinomiya Station">
Bizen-Ichinomiya Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544609" title="Asleep in the Bread Aisle">
Asleep in the Bread Aisle

Asleep in the Bread Aisle is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Asher Roth. It was released on April 20, 2009, by Schoolboy, SRC and Universal Motown Records.
Background.
On "Asleep in the Bread Aisle", known producers like Don Cannon contribute, but newcomer Oren Yoel crafted the bulk of the album's beats. The album features guest appearances from Cee-Lo Green, Jazze Pha, Keri Hilson, Busta Rhymes, pop duo Chester French, and band New Kingdom from Los Angeles. Jazze Pha was recording downstairs in the same studio, went upstairs to check things out, and ended up providing some vocals for "Bad Day." The album carries a PA label but there is no actual Parental Advisory sticker on the album cover. Instead, the PA warning is hand-drawn over the cover like the rest of the text. The cover image was inspired by a story Roth heard about a guy who fell asleep in the bread aisle of a grocery store after taking Tylenol PM.
Singles.
The album's lead single was "I Love College", which also serves as Roth's commercial debut single. The second single released in promotion for the album was ""Lark on My Go-Kart". The third single released was "Be by Myself", which features vocals from American singer-songwriter Cee-Lo Green. The fourth single released from the album was "She Don't Wanna Man", which features vocals from American singer-songwriter Keri Hilson.
Commercial performance.
"Asleep in the Bread Aisle" debuted at number five on the US "Billboard" 200 chart with nearly 65,000 copies sold in its first-week. As of November 22, 2011, the album has sold 205,000 copies in the US. As of February 2014, the album has sold 214,000 copies in the US, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Asleep in the Bread Aisle" was met with mixed reviews from music critics. According to "Billboard", Oren Yoel's "mixture of boom-bap drums and pop sensibility mixes well with Roth's happy go lucky and sincere rhymes". "Rolling Stone" similarly complimented Roth for his sincerity and avoiding the cliche gimmicks typically employed by fellow white rappers, saying, "Roth's tight, witty debut lives up to the Internet hype that has swirled around him for months... he keeps the nerd-boy self-deprecation to a minimum and acts, you know, like a rapper." However, Allmusic noted, "Smoking weed, having sex, and swearing is hardly riveting material, and when Asher can't turn these topics into something clever, it becomes tiresome." HipHopDX agreed saying, "...Roth makes partying sound like the most boring thing in the world. It’s not that having fun in college is not worthy of being rapped about, it’s that Roth seems absolutely incapable of approaching this topic with anything remotely close to creativity or humor." Alan Ranta of PopMatters summarized by saying "Asleep in the Bread Aisle" was "a brainless summer record with flashes of conscience. Roth can do better or, at the very least, discover his own voice."

</doc>
<doc id="21544612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544612" title="Moskovskiy">
Moskovskiy

Moskovskiy or Moskva () is a location in Tajikistan. It is the administrative capital of Hamadoni district in Khatlon Province, located at . Its population is 20,700 (1 January 2008 est.). 
Internet sources often identify Moskovskiy with Chubek, but in fact this is another village in the district, located about 5 km south-east from Moskva ).

</doc>
<doc id="21544622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544622" title="Kibitsu Station">
Kibitsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544627" title="Johann Georg Noel Dragendorff">
Johann Georg Noel Dragendorff

Johann Georg Noel Dragendorff (August 8, 1836 – April 7, 1898) was a German pharmacist and chemist born in Rostock.
Education.
He earned his doctorate in philosophy from the University of Rostock in 1861, and following graduation worked for the Pharmaceutical Society of St. Petersburg. From 1864 to 1894 he was a professor of pharmacy at the University of Dorpat. In 1872 he was awarded an honorary doctorate in medicine from the University of Munich. He was the president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society in 1890–1893.
Namesake.
His name is associated with "Dragendorff's reagent", which is a solution of potassium bismuth iodide used to ascertain the presence of alkaloids, along with "Dragendorff's test", a qualitative test formerly used for bile.

</doc>
<doc id="21544634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544634" title="Bitchū-Takamatsu Station">
Bitchū-Takamatsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544641" title="Ashimori Station">
Ashimori Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544650" title="Hattori Station (Okayama)">
Hattori Station (Okayama)


</doc>
<doc id="21544658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544658" title="Higashi-Sōja Station">
Higashi-Sōja Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544665" title="Naked Came the Phoenix">
Naked Came the Phoenix

Naked Came the Phoenix: A Serial Novel is a 2001 mystery novel written in serial installments by thirteen popular female authors, including collaboration editor Marcia Talley. The title was intended to evoke 1969's famously-collaborative "Naked Came the Stranger" rather than the 1996 parody "Naked Came the Manatee".
Authors.
All thirteen authors have been featured in "The New York Times Book Review". The authors included:

</doc>
<doc id="21544668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544668" title="Water management in Greater Mexico City">
Water management in Greater Mexico City

Greater Mexico City ("Zona Metropolitana del Valle de México"), a metropolitan area with more than 19 million inhabitants including Mexico's capital ("Distrito Federal", or DF) with about 9 million inhabitants, faces tremendous water challenges. These include groundwater overexploitation, land subsidence, the risk of major flooding, the impacts of increasing urbanization, poor water quality, inefficient water use, a low share of wastewater treatment, health concerns about the reuse of wastewater in agriculture, and limited cost recovery. Overcoming these challenges is complicated by fragmented responsibilities for water management in Greater Mexico City:
Given the size and political importance of Greater Mexico City, a major flood or a major water supply interruption would be a national political crisis potentially threatening the stability of the federal government. The security of water supply and the functioning of the storm water drainage of the metropolitan area thus are major concerns for the local, state, district and federal governments. In response to the challenges outlined above, the Federal Government, the State of Mexico and the Federal District initiated a US$2.8 billion Water Sustainability Program in 2007. In parallel, the government of the Federal District launched a Green Plan which includes water conservation as an important element. Investments envisaged under both plans include an increase in wastewater treatment, the import of groundwater from irrigated areas North of the city where the groundwater table increased due to irrigation with wastewater, the construction of a major new storm water drainage tunnel, increased water imports from an expansion of the energy-intensive Cutzamala system that pumps water up over more than 1000 meters, and the reduction of non-revenue water from 36% to 25%.
Geography and climate.
The climate of the Valley of Mexico ranges from a semi-arid belt in the north to a tropical one in the south. The valley receives about of annual rainfall, which is concentrated from June through to September/October with little or no precipitation during the remainder of the year. There are hardly any permanent rivers today; groundwater thus is the main water resource in the valley. The valley has no natural drainage outlet for the waters that flow from the mountainsides, making the city vulnerable to flooding. It was artificially opened through the use of canals and tunnels starting in the 17th century, entirely draining what used to be Lake Texcoco. The rural southern portion of the Federal District and of the Valley of Mexico, in particular the Sierra Chichinautzin is the most important natural recharge zone for the Mexico City Aquifer due to relatively high levels of precipitation and the high permeability of its basalt rock.
See also:Video Mexico faces water crisis as demand spirals of 30 November 2008 by Al Jazeera on YouTube about the protection of forests in the National Park around Popocatépetl.
Sector responsibilities.
Water resources management. The National Water Commission (Conagua) is responsible for water resources management in Mexico, including granting of water abstraction and wastewater discharge permits. 
Water supply and sanitation. The National Water Commission also supplies bulk water to the Federal District and to parts of Mexico state through the Cutzamala and Lerma systems.
In Mexico State, the State Water Commission buys bulk water from Conagua, transmits it through its own bulk water infrastructure and sells it on to 57 municipalities with 4.1 million inhabitants. The State Water Commission also monitors water quality, provides technical assistance to municipalities in water disinfection and sewer cleaning, operates wastewater pumping stations and five wastewater treatment plants, empties septic tanks and provides water in tankers in emergency situations. It also provides training and assists municipalities in the establishment of municipal utilities ("organismos operadores"). In the 59 municipalities of Mexico State and one municipality of the state of Hidalgo that are part of Greater Mexico City, each municipality is in charge of water supply and sanitation.
The municipal water utility of Mexico City, "Sistema de Aguas de la Ciudad de México" (SACM), is responsible for water supply and sanitation in the Federal District. Its head is appointed by the government of the District.
Infrastructure.
The water infrastructure in Greater Mexico City consists of infrastructure for bulk water supply and water distribution (water supply), wastewater collection, storm water collection and wastewater treatment (sanitation), and for irrigation using mainly wastewater.
Water supply.
The Federal District and State of Mexico combined had 1,089 registered wells at depths of 70 to 200 meters in 1994. This does not include wells operated by the National Water Commission, which are deeper. There are also a large number of non-registered wells, many of which are located in the State of Mexico. Wells are generally located in four different well fields. These are labeled as South (or Xochimilco), Metropolitan, East (or Texcoco region) and North well fields.
Besides these well fields, the bulk water supply infrastructure of Greater Mexico city consists of two systems:Lerma and Cutzamala. The Lerma system, built in the 1940s, transfers 4.8 m3/s of water (6% of total water supply to Greater Mexico City) from well fields in the upper basin of the Lerma River in the West to Mexico City. The Cutzamala System built in stages from the late 1970s to the late 1990s to transfer 14.9 m3/s (19% of total supply) of water from the Cutzamala River in the Balsas basin in the Southwest to Greater Mexico City for use as drinking water, lifting it over more than 1000 meters. It utilizes 7 reservoirs, a 127 km long aqueduct with 21 km of tunnels, 7.5 km open canal, and a water treatment plant. Its cost was US$ 1.3 billion. While providing Mexico City with over 20% of its water, the Cutzamala system currently operates at only 47% of its total capacity. Both systems are operated by the National Water Commission.
The water distribution system in the Federal District included nearly 11,000 kilometers of distribution lines and 243 storage tanks with a capacity of 1.5 million cubic meters in 1994. Water from all the separate sources is added to the common distribution system. The Federal District also operates a water transmission line (the "Acueducto Periférico") that transports water from the Cutzamala System - entering the distribution system from the west - to the southern and eastern part of the district. The State of Mexico system has nearly 800 kilometers of distribution lines and 32 storage tanks with a capacity of 440,000 cubic meters. As of 2000, there were 2.5 million water connections with 67% of these being domestic and this only accounts for legal connections. It is estimated that there could be another 900,000 illegal connections. The State of Mexico operates the 49 kilometer water transmission line (the "Macrocircuito") to transport water entering from the west side of the service area (including the imported water from the Cutzamala-Lerma System) to the east side. This transmission line is being upgraded to increase the volume of water taken from the Cutzamala-Lerma system to 7.3 cms, and to provide service to the eastern service area. The "Macrocircuito" is operated by the State Water Commission.
It is expected that the dependency of Mexico City on external sources of water will increase. Additionally, the absence of economic compensation mechanisms for those communities from which water is extracted has created conflicts among users and sometimes limits water transferred to the city. One example of this is Mexico City's high use of bottled water. Those that do not have access to water from pipes, pay private vendors from 6 to 25% of their daily salaries. General distrust of tap water quality has led to much of the population purchasing drinking water; Mexico was ranked the third largest consumer of bottled water in 2009.
Combined sewer system.
Greater Mexico City is served by a singled combined sewer system, collecting municipal wastewater, industrial wastewater and storm water. It includes of pipes, 68 pumping stations, numerous dams, lagoons, and regulatory tanks for flow control, 111 kilometers of open canals, 42 kilometers of rivers (rio) used primarily for drainage, and 118 kilometers of underground collectors (interceptor and emisor) and tunnels. The three interceptors are:
The total dry weather flow for Greater Mexico City, which consists mainly of untreated municipal wastewater, was estimated at 44 m3/s in 1993. During the rainy season, the region experiences many storms of high intensity and short duration. A single storm can produce up to 70 millimeters (about 3 inches) of rainfall, representing 10 percent of the total annual precipitation. Because of this rainfall pattern, the general drainage system was designed to carry 200 m3/s over a 45 hour period
Until 1910 the Grand Canal functioned purely by gravity, with an inclination of 19 cm per km. Over the next five decades its inclination declined to 10 cm per km due to land subsidence of 7 meters. Several large pumps were installed in an attempt to maintain its capacity. After heavy floods in 1950 and 1951 it became clear that the Grand Canal could not protect the city any more from flooding and a deep drainage system ("Drenaje profundo") was proposed for the first time. Studies on the system began in 1959; its construction began in 1967 and it was completed in 1975. It consists of a deep tunnel, the "Emisor Central" with a length of 68 km and a depth of up to 250m. It today constitutes by far the most important element of the Mexico City drainage system. It was designed for a flow of 170 m3/s. However, due to further land settlement the inclination in the Grand Canal became zero by 1990 and negative by 2000. Despite the installation of further pumps, the capacity of the Grand Canal thus declined from 80 m3/s in 1975 to 15 m3/s in 2008. This in turn affected the "Emisor Central", which had been designed to be closed during the dry season for maintenance. Because of the settlement of the grand canal the "Emisor Central" was continuously filled with water, making it impossible to inspect it for problems or to maintain it, making maintenance impossible between 1995 and 2008. The tunnel has been damaged by overwork and corrosion of its diameter walls and its capacity has been reduced to 120 m3/s. In 2008 it was maintained for the first time in more than 12 years.
Overall, the combined discharge capacity of the system has declined from 280 m3/s in 1975 to 165 m3/s in 2008. The Nochistongo Channel is the only element of the system whose capacity remains undiminished at 30m3/s.
Wastewater treatment.
Only about 15% of the wastewater collected in Greater Mexico City was treated in 2008, mostly in wastewater treatment plants in Mexico state. Currently, the metropolitan area generates 40 m3/s of wastewater; however capacity is only built to handle 10 m3/s. The treated wastewater is for local reuse projects such as ground water recharge and agricultural and urban-landscape irrigation. There were 13 wastewater treatment plants in the Federal District and 14 in the State of Mexico service area in 1994, treating a total flow of 2.62 and 1.69 m3/s respectively. The untreated portion of the wastewater is discharged to the drainage system, from where it is discharged to the North where it is being reused in irrigated agriculture.
Reuse in irrigated agriculture.
Large-scale irrigation infrastructure was built in the state of Hidalgo to distribute storm water and wastewater from Mexico City for the irrigation of Alfalfa as the main crop, as well as barley, wheat and corn. Thanks to the nutrients in the sewage, alfalfa yields are more than 100 tons per hectare, compared to the national average of 68-74 tons. Alfalfa is planted year-round, providing 9-10 harvests per planting, and is sold to livestock operations in other states. The infrastructure is operated and maintained by Irrigation districts No. 3 Tula and No. 100 Alfajayucan in the Mezquital Valley. They used to be operated by Conagua, but were transferred to water user associations during the 1990s.
The cultivated area is 83,000 hectare, about half the size of the U.S. state of Rhode Island. Wastewater has been used there since 1912. The wastewater, whether raw, partially treated or mixed with rainfall, is highly valued by the farmers because of its ability to improve soil quality and because of its nutrient load that allows increased productivity. However, the wastewater is contaminated with pathogenic organisms and toxic chemicals that constitute a health risk for both farmers and consumers of agricultural products.
Reuse for other purposes.
Water reuse activities in Greater Mexico City officially began in 1984 under the National Program for Efficient Use of Water. This national program included the establishment of new wastewater discharge regulations by the Federal District, and in 1990, provisions were established for an industrial pretreatment program - an important prerequisite for any reclamation and reuse activity. However, little information is available on the extent and success of industrial pretreatment programs.
Within the Federal District service area, in 1995 the 2.62 m3/s of treated reused wastewater is distributed as follows:
Recreational impoundments. A major wastewater reclamation and reuse scheme exists at Lake Texcoco in conjunction with programs for flood control and dust abatement. Between flooding, the shallow, saline lake bed would dry and produce severe dust storms. In response to this problem, the Texcoco Plan was established in 1971. The solution was to create smaller, more permanent ponds within the large, intermittent lake bed, and to rehabilitate the problem areas for further urban and agricultural expansion through windbreaks, revegetation, agricultural irrigation, and drainage improvements. The artificial and more permanent lakes were created using lessons learned from the subsidence problem. High rates of pumping consolidated the clays and lowered the old lake bed by about 4 meters in places. The reuse component of the Texcoco plans include the construction of a facultative lagoon wastewater treatment system, and reclamation of the collected storm water for agricultural irrigation. Thus, the potable water currently used for this purpose will be replaced.
Industrial reuse. Industries recycle and reuse wastewater generated by themselves or by municipalities. For example, 26 private companies in the Vallejo area initiated a reuse program in 1989 by establishing a for-profit firm, Aguas Industriales de Vallejo. The firm rehabilitated an old municipal wastewater treatment plant and distributes reclaimed water to its shareholder companies at three-quarters of the cost of government supplied potable water.
Pilot project for potable reuse. The Federal District constructed two pilot treatment plants in 1983 to study the potential for the advanced wastewater treatment of secondary effluent for potable reuse, and to examine the potential for treating contaminated ground water. Based upon results of the experimental treatment plants, a new treatment facility was constructed, with a capacity of 0.3 m3/s, and designed for both ground water treatment and direct potable reuse. The established goal of the reuse project was to blend the reclaimed wastewater with treated ground water and add it directly into the distribution system Currently, the reclaimed wastewater is being used for non-potable purposes.
Artificial ground water recharge.
Artificial ground water recharge is being practiced in Greater Mexico City using both flood water and treated wastewater.
Floodwater. Artificial floodwater recharge has been practiced in the region since 1943, as a method to alleviate flooding rather than as a method to recharge groundwater. Early projects involved runoff retention and surface spreading, channel modification, and infiltration wells. Many of these projects were done in the highly permeable basalt of the upland areas and achieved very high rates of infiltration during periods of heavy rains. Artificial recharge of floodwater using injection wells was first developed in the Federal District around 1953. However, half of the wells were subsequently closed due to operational problems. In 1970, a series of approximately 56 wells was developed for the purposes of disposing of stormwater. These wells were capable of handling up to 35 m3/s of water collectively. Although the wells were not designed for recharge purposes, the storm water possibly reached the aquifer.
Treated wastewater. The Texcoco Project mentioned above has carried out studies on indirect potable reuse of reclaimed wastewater through artificial recharge of the aquifer using secondary and advanced treatment of municipal wastewater. The final effluent may be used in either infiltration ponds or injection wells. In a separate program carried out by the Federal District, a pilot plant injected advanced treated water directly into the aquifer at a rate of up to 0.05 m3/s. Monitoring wells were used to gauge changes in water quality and pressure levels.
Water challenges.
These include groundwater overexploitation, land subsidence, the risk of major flooding, the impacts of increasing urbanization, poor water quality and intermittent supply, inefficient water use, a low share of wastewater treatment, health concerns about the reuse of wastewater for irrigation, and limited cost recovery for water. Infrastructure coverage in terms of access to a piped water connection or to sanitation, which is used to monitor the Millennium Development Goals for water supply and sanitation, is almost universal in Greater Mexico City and as such does not constitute a challenge.
Groundwater overexploitation.
The Greater Mexico City's exponential population growth has depleted its groundwater resources. Currently, 4 of the 14 aquifers in the Valley of Mexico Basin are overexploited. The per capita rechargeable water available for the Valley of México in 2010 is calculated at 163m3, whereas in 2030, it is predicted that rechargeable water per capita will be 148m3. Recharge of the aquifer is about 31.6 m3/s compared to abstraction of 59.5 m3/s, resulting in an overdraft of about 28 m3/s. In 1983, systematic monitoring of the water levels in the aquifer began. Since that time, the average annual declines in ground water levels range from 0.1 to 1.5 meters per year in different zones. At the current rate of depletion, it has been calculated that the estimated volume of storage corresponds to between 200 and 350 times the annual abstraction. However, a simplistic water balance approach does not account for other realities. For example, the aquifer is vulnerable to geologically-induced water quality problems with increasing aquifer depth and consolidation and fracturing of clay layers. Furthermore, the actual volume available in the main aquifer would likely be less than estimated because of probable decreasing porosity with increasing depth. Also, there are practical, economic limits to the depth of pumping.
The water balance of Greater Mexico is as follows:
Land subsidence.
The city rests on the heavily saturated clay of the former Lake Texoco. This soft base is collapsing due to the over-extraction of groundwater. Land subsidence in Mexico City caused by groundwater overexploitation during the last hundred years has been up to 9 meters, resulting in damages to buildings, streets, sidewalks, sewers, storm water drains and other infrastructure. The collapse in the central region of the city reached 10m at the end of the 20th century, while in the sub-basin Chalco-Xochimilco, it reached 7m. Current subsidence rates lie between five and 40 cm/year.
Flooding.
Flooding is common in Mexico City, swamping highways and sidewalks. In low-lying neighborhoods such as Iztapalapa, residents are so accustomed to seeing a fetid sea of sewage rise in the streets that they have built miniature dikes in front of their homes. Flooding is caused both by the sinking together and increased soil impermeability due to urbanization. If the "Emisor Central" should fail during the rainy season, modelling shows that a major flood would occur that would inundate the historic center, the Mexico City International Airport and the eastern boroughs of Mexico City.
Increasing urbanization.
Urban growth reduces the permeability of the soil in groundwater recharge areas and increases the risk of flooding. It is estimated that the metropolitan area grows annually by 200 to 300 hectares on recharge areas. With every square meter that is built up, on average 170 liters of annual recharge are lost. Thus, for every hectare built up, the water for 500 families are lost and the pressure on groundwater increases further. Between 1989 and 1994 the Federal District declared six Environmental Protection Zones, primarily in forests and mountain slopes, with a total area of almost 5,000 hectares, in order to protect them from urbanization.
Water quality and intermittent supply.
Water quality. Poor water quality is a concern both at the source and at the point of use. Groundwater below Mexico City was initially believed to be protected from contamination by a thick impervious layer. However, this layer has fractured due to land subsidence. Furthermore, the natural upward flow of water in the artesian aquifer has now been reversed due to groundwater depletion. The Groundwater under Mexico City thus is believed to be increasingly vulnerable to contaminants from waste dumps and industrial sites leaching to the aquifer. Furthermore, the deep drainage system penetrates below the clay aquitard in some places into the main aquifer. During periods of heavy rain, waste water seeps out from the deep tunnels into the surrounding subsoil contaminating the aquifer. Untreated wastewater is also disposed of in surrounding rivers that run to the sea, but this runoff water polluted with untreated waste water is also used for irrigation as farmers have found the high concentration of fecal bacteria to be an extremely effective fertilizer that increases their crop yield. Though there is a national norm regulating pollution limits in untreated waste water, CONAGUA reported that the Valley of Mexico Basin had 50% heavily contaminated, 25% contaminated, 20.8% acceptable, and only 4.2% excellent water quality based on Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) levels sampled at selected sites.
Leaks in the distribution system are a major cause of concern for drinking water quality. When the soil is permeated by sewage from leaking sewers or from other sources, then leaky pipelines will be infiltrated with contaminated water when pressure is low. According to the Federal District's water quality laboratory, neighborhoods that experience more frequent interruptions in service have poorer quality water compared to neighborhoods with a constant supply. The percent of household tap samples in compliance with the residual chlorine standard (0.2 milligrams/liter) ranged from 87 to 100 percent in tests undertaken in 1993 and was notably low among southeastern counties (Iztapalapa, Tláhuac, and Xochimilco). Household water storage tanks, or "tinácos", are common on almost all household rooftops and are used to store water when water pressure in the system is inadequate. In many instances, the tanks are open and not cleaned regularly, permitting the residual chlorine to dissipate and encouraging the growth of microorganisms. The standard levels of chlorine (0.2 milligrams/liters) maintained in the distribution system as it reaches the customer's tap are not sufficient to inactivate microorganisms that may have entered the pipelines.
Intermittent supply. Water supply in many parts of Greater Mexico City is intermittent and pressure is often insufficient. Users thus have to complement their water supply with water bought from tanker trucks, or "pipas". Occasionally, water supply is even cut for several days, as it occurred in January 2009 when the water supply from the Cutzamala system had to be reduced cutting water to 5.5 million people for three days. This incident was followed by a second supply cut in March 2009, and most recently a third cut in April 2009. This third cut was done in response to alarmingly low levels in the city's water reserves, and reparations being undertaken on the Cutzamala system. It lasted 36 hours, and left over five million city residents without water services. In response, the Mexico City government has had to implement an emergency supply response program, providing water in tanker trucks and bottles to residents of the affected communities.
Limited wastewater treatment and concerns about reuse for irrigation.
As mentioned above, only 15% of the wastewater in Greater Mexico City currently receives treatment. Storm water, untreated municipal wastewater and partially treated industrial wastewater mix with each other and are reused for irrigation on a large scale.
There are concerns about the health and environmental impacts of the reuse of untreated wastewater from Mexico City for irrigation. Crops to be grown using wastewater are restricted to crops not eaten raw, but these restrictions are difficult to enforce and farmers also grow vegetables using wastewater. According to a study by the International Water Management Institute (IWMI), these risks need to be carefully considered, but the importance of this practice for the livelihoods of countless smallholders must also be taken into account. Studies on soils irrigated with untreated wastewater for 50 years show an accumulation of heavy metals in the soil, but also that they accumulated in plants to a lower extent. Another study found bacterial contamination of canal water used for bathing and of groundwater used for drinking water supply in the irrigated areas where wastewater was being reused, resulting in a high incidence of diarrhea and skin irriations.
Inefficient urban water use.
The Federal District had a level of non-revenue water of 40%, close to the Mexican average, meaning that only 60% of the water pumped into the system is actually being billed for. A large share of non-revenue water is due not to leakage, but to illegal connections. Furthermore, SACM, the water department of the District, has by far the lowest collection efficiency among the 25 major municipalities, with only 40% of all bills being paid. Thus only 24% (60% is being billed, 40% of the bills being paid) of the water pumped into the system is being paid for. The level of non-revenue water in Mexico State is lower, so that the average level in the metropolitan area is 36%.
Per capita water use figures are difficult to compare over time, because sources typically do not indicate if water losses are included in the figures or not. The National Statistical Institute gives water use in the Federal District at 223 liter/day in 1999 (probably after losses), including 164 liter of residential use and 59 liter for industrial and commercial uses. This is only about one third of average water use in the United States, which is 603 liter/capita/day. However, it is still one third higher than water use in France, which is only 165 liter/capita/day. Another source gives average per capita water use in 1994 as 364 and 230 liters per day for the Federal District and Mexico State respectively (probably before losses). Authorities attribute the larger per capita use in the Federal District to the fact that the Federal District is more developed and includes more commercial and industrial activity than the State of Mexico. However, lower tariffs and lower metering in the Federal District may also influence the higher water use.
Limited cost recovery.
There is a major gap between the cost of supplying water, a quarter of which is imported through expensive interbasin transfers from the Lerma and Balsas basins, and what is recovered from users. Reasons for low cost recovery include illegal water connections, low tariffs and poor bill collection, in particular in the Federal District.
Cost recovery in Mexico State is much higher than in the Federal District. For example, the city of Toluca in Mexico State charges residential users 8.7 pesos (US$0.70)/m3 for a consumption of 30m3. This still falls short of the cost of bulk water from the Cutzamala system at nearly 10 pesos (US$0.78)/m3, without taking into account the cost of distributing water and of sanitation. Furthermore it is estimated than 1/3 of the water connections in the region are informal and therefore this consumption is not billed. Water price is differentiated according to their demand, increasing with higher consumption. Additionally water price was substantially reduced for low consumption users since 1996.
In 2011 the Federal District charged residential users 15.6 pesos (US$ 1.25)/m3 for the same consumption without any surcharge for sanitation, the fourth-highest among the same municipalities. The remainder is effectively subsidized by the municipal and federal governments. In August 2007 a conflict had erupted between Conagua and the Federal District when Conagua increased the tariff for water supplied through the Cutzamala system and the District refused to accept the increase.
Social impact of water crisis.
The human rights commission of the District (CDHDF) warned in summer 2009 that water shortage could cause a "spiral of violence" and that low-income families are paying more for water of lower quality and only receive it at certain hours of the day. This situation causes "social unrest". In early August 2009, the head of Conagua, José Luis Luege, had announced an "imminent and indefinite increase in water rationing in the Mexico valley and federal district." Because water from Cutzamala and Lerma systems, supplying together one quarter of the metropolitan area's water, enters the city from the Northwest where wealthier neighborhoods predominate, water supply tends to be more continuous than in the Southeast of the city where most of the poor live.
Mexico has shown limited results in its implementation of socially differentiated price systems and cross-subsidies. There is an important limitation caused by the fact that the poor population does not have formal access to drinking water and is thereby forced to buy drinking water from informal water vendors. The informal market is not affected by the subsidies and furthermore tends to be even more expensive than the formal market price.
Response to challenges.
In response to these challenges, two major programs are underway. The National Water Commission has launched a massive US$2.8 billion Water Sustainability Program in 2007 for bulk water supply, drainage and wastewater treatment for the period 2007-2012. In parallel, the government of the Federal District has launched a 15-year Green Plan that also includes drainage and wastewater treatment. In addition it emphasizes water conservation and water reuse through aquifer recharge. Both plans aim at reducing non-revenue water.
Water Sustainability Program.
In November 2007, President Felipe Calderón launched a US$2.8 billion Water Sustainability Program for the Valley of Mexico through 2012. The program amplifies the earlier Program for the Sanitation of the Valley of Mexico. Its objectives are to avoid major floods such as the 2007 Tabasco flood, to treat all the wastewater collected, and to reduce groundwater overexploitation.
Water supply and exchange. 14 m3/s more water would be mobilized from various sources. The largest of these imports (5 m3/s) will consist of groundwater from the Tula Valley North of Greater Mexico, where the groundwater table has increased from many years of irrigation with untreated wastewater, at a cost of US$255 million. The second-largest source of additional water will be mobilized through an exchange of treated wastewater for clean water at present used for irrigation in the Vaso del Christo area (4m3/s), at a cost of 140 million. As part of the "rehabilitation" of existing sources, the Cutzamala system is expected to be expanded by 3 m3/s, at a cost of US$275 million. Finally, 2 m3/s would be made available from the Guadelupe dam in Mexico state at a cost of US$40 million.
Storm water drainage and wastewater treatment. The program foresees the construction of the "Emisor Oriente" in parallel to the "Emisor Central". In February 2009, Conagua oversaw the purchase of the first of three underground drills from German firm Herrenknecht. The new drill will be used to begin excavations for the tunnel in April 2009. The tunnel will be 62 km long, 7 meters in diameter, and have a capacity of draining 150 
m3/s wastewater. All works on the tunnel system are expected to be completed in September 2012, at an expected cost of MXP 13 billion (approx. USD 1 billion).
Out of the discharge of the Emisor Oriental 23 m3/s would be treated in a planned wastewater treatment plant in El Salto in Hidalgo State to deliver water to the Tula Irrigation District. Almost half of the investment (US$1.28 bn) will be for the construction of 6 wastewater treatment plants, the largest of which by far would be the Atotonilco (El Salto) plant. The US$900m contract to finance, build and operate the plant, allegedly the largest wastewater treatment plant in the world, was awarded in 2010 to a consortium led by the Spanish company Acciona. The plant has a nominal treatment capacity of 23 m3/second, with an additional capacity for periods of high rainfall of 12 m3/second.
The achievement of the program objective to both supply a growing population with water and to reduce pressure on the aquifer rests on the assumption that leakage will be reduced from 36% in 2005 to 25% in 2030.
Financing. The program is being financed from the following sources:
Green Plan.
Complementing the SARP, the Federal District launched in 2007 a 15-year Green Plan ("Plan Verde") that aims at the sustainable development of the District along seven major axes, one of which is water. In 2008 it had a budget of US$6 million. Concerning water, it foresees reaching an equilibrium in the aquifer, reducing residential water use, reducing network losses, increasing the reuse and the treatment of wastewater, and the creation of parks around the lakes Tláhuac and Xochimilco. More specifically, it foresees increased aquifer recharge through changes in land use and recharge wells; the metering of all users by 2010 and making all users pay for water; identify and regularize illegal connections; the construction of tertiary wastewater treatment plants for the injection of treated wastewater into the aquifer. The Plan is expected to relieve pressure on the aquifer by 6.8 m3/s, including 3.3 m3/s by reducing leakage, 1 m3/s through water conservation and 2.5 m3/s by recharging groundwater with treated wastewater. These measures together, if successful, would reduce groundwater abstraction in Greater Mexico by 10% and the overdraft by 25%, and thus still fall short from establishing an equilibrium between abstraction and recharge.
Enhanced private sector participation in the Federal District from 2010 onwards.
In mid-2009 the finance chief of the Federal District, Mario Delgado, and the director general of the District's water company SACM announced that from mid-2010 onwards the District intends to enhance the participation of the private sector in water supply through concessions, under which the concessionnaires would buy bulk water and distribute it, thus providing an incentive to reduce non-revenue water. A total of four concession covering 11 of the District's 16 "delegaciones" would be bid out. The concessions would replace the existing four service contracts for metering and billing.
Past responses to challenges.
Past responses to the water challenges facing Greater Mexico City included an ambitious water conservation campaign initiated in 1989, as well as an increase in metering and a reduction in leakage through private sector participation begun in the early 1990s.
Water conservation program in the 1990s.
In 1989, in parallel with the introduction of stricter national water efficiency standards for household appliances, Mexico City launched an ambitious program to replace conventional toilets (using 16 liters) with 6-liter models, replacing 350,000 toilets by 1991. The program also included a large-scale public information campaign and an increase in water tariffs. The impact of the program is difficult to assess, since available figures on water consumption are difficult to compare over the years, because it is not clear whether they include water losses or not and whether they refer only to residential consumption or total consumption.
Private sector participation in the Federal District since 1993.
Manuel Camacho Solís, the Head of Government of the Federal District from 1988 to 1997 who was appointed by President Carlos Salinas (PRI), led the process of private sector participation in water supply in Mexico City in the early 1990s. At that time water revenues were extremely low, there was no functioning customer database, virtually no metering, and low bill collection efficiency. At least 22% of customers did not receive bills at all, partly because water connections were carried out by one department and billing by another which did not receive any information about water connections from the former.
In November 1992 bids were launched, in March 1993 the results were announced and in November 10-year service contracts were signed with four firms, each for one block of the capital:
The process of private sector participation foresaw three phases: 
The city remained in charge of the water production, treatment and main distribution infrastructure, as well as some aspects of collection and the sanitation infrastructure. It also set water tarirfs. The first two phases were successful. Under the contracts the number of metered connections increased from virtually none in 1994 to up to 1,264,500 in 2002, reaching more than 90% of all users. The third phase, however, was less successful.
Between 1994 and 1998 the amount billed increased by almost 30% in real terms. But the amount collected stagnated, since private operators were not in charge of bill collection. Collection efficiency actually declined from 84% to 69% The service itself remained unchanged in terms of intermittency of supply and water quality, since these aspects were not part of the contracts. Tariffs and cost recovery also remained unchanged, with revenues covering less than 75% of operating costs. The third phase of turning over increased responsibility to the private sector was abandoned after the PRD won elections in 1997 and renegotiated the contracts.
The PRD mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador (2000–2005) renewed the contracts in 2004 for another five years. His successor Alejandro Encinas Rodríguez initially announced that the District would terminate the contracts even before they expired, but his successor Marcelo Ebrard actually extended them for another year until mid-2010.
Valley of Mexico Sanitation Project.
In 1996 the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) approved a US$365 million loan for the Valley of Mexico Sanitation Project, in parallel with a loan of US$410 million by the Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund of Japan. The IDB project, which closed in 2005, foresaw the construction of 4 wastewater treatment plants with a total capacity of 74.5 m3/s as well as the rehabilitation of drainage systems.
Further reading.
Cecilia Tortajada: Water Management in Mexico City Metropolitan Area, in: International Journal of Water Resources Development, Vol. 22, No. 2, p. 353-376, June 2006, Third World Centre for Water Management, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="21544672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544672" title="Visulation">
Visulation

Visulation is a portmanteau describing a coupled system where graphic visualization and computer simulation occur simultaneously. Visulation is conducted in many GPGPU applications and commonly employs interactive visualization techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="21544677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544677" title="Sree Andalurkavu">
Sree Andalurkavu

Sree Andalurkavu is a famous and prominent temple in Andalur in Dharmadam village of Kannur district, North Kerala. This old temple is in the name of Lord Rama and the main festival is celebrated in mid-February: the first week of the month Kumbam of the Malayalam calendar.
Annual festival.
The annual festival is a wonderful visualisation of devotional unity of a place where people still follow very old and sacred customs throughout the season. Its the time the village gets themselves into a feeling in which they becomes part of and enjoy the happiness of being part of the glory of Lord Rama. Its the festival where it pictures the great culture merging the normal and common life with great old mythologies.
Worship.
Being a part of North Malabar, in Andalur kavu (also theyyam or theyaattam) is the main ritual of worship. Its one of the rare places where Yuddha kanda of Ramayana — the great epic — is visualised and performed. The main deities are Sri Rama, Lakshmana and Hanuman. One significance for this kavu is that it has two holy places called Mele Kavu and Thazhe kavu.
The Thaze Kavu is a sacred grove which harbors several rare plants species typical of the Myristica swamps, notably "Syzygium travancoricum", an endangered endemic plant. Much of the flora of the sacred grove has been lost due to poor regeneration and the disturbance from cattle and human activity in this thickly populated area. 
Etymology.
The name Andalurkavu ("Andar-villoor-kavu") can be interpreted as the grove (sacred kavu) where the sacred weapons of deities are kept. There are interpretations that say this kavu was created by Sree Parasuraman, the fifth incarnation of Lord Vishnu. There are interesting interpretations behind names of all the other places that surround Andalur like Melur, Palayad and Dharmadam. The Andalur, especially the Andalurkavu is the most divine place for the people in all these areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21544682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544682" title="Rafael Cuevas">
Rafael Cuevas

Rafael Cuevas (born June 16, 1980) is a Mexican football goalkeeper. He currently plays for the Mexican premier league team Atlante.
He is known to teammates and fans as "Higuita", due to his resemblance to Colombian goalkeeper René Higuita.
Honors.
Club.
Atlante

</doc>
<doc id="21544695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544695" title="Minami Shinji Station">
Minami Shinji Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544708" title="Kamonaka Station">
Kamonaka Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544714" title="Hataya Station">
Hataya Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544724" title="List of Akazukin Chacha episodes">
List of Akazukin Chacha episodes

This article is a list of all 74 episodes of Akazukin Chacha, an anime TV series based on a manga series of the same title by Min Ayahana. The TV series began airing in Japan on 7 January 1994 at 6:00 pm on the TV Tokyo Network in Japan. The series ran for one and a half years, with episode 74 airing on 30 June 1995.
This list also contains the three 30-minute OVAs which were released in 1995 and 1996 following the end of the TV series.
Summary of series.
Each TV episode is about 25 minutes long.
TV series (1994-1995).
Sources:
OVA series (1995-1996).
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="21544725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544725" title="Izumo Daitō Station">
Izumo Daitō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544734" title="Earth Days">
Earth Days

Earth Days is a 2009 documentary film about the start of the environmental movement in the United States. It was directed by Robert Stone and is distributed by Zeitgeist Films while in theaters. Earth Days premiered on United States television April 19. 2010 at 9pm on PBS as part of the American Experience history series.
Overview.
"Earth Days" combines personal testimony and archival media. "Earth Days" reviews the development of the modern environmental movement—from the post-war 1950s and the 1962 publication of Rachel Carson’s bestseller "Silent Spring", to the first successful 1970 Earth Day celebration. The stories of the era’s pioneers feature the former United States Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall; biologist/The Population Bomb author Paul Ehrlich; Whole Earth Catalog founder Stewart Brand; Apollo 9 astronaut Rusty Schweickart; Dennis Meadows "The Forecaster" scientist and Emeritus Professor of Systems Management; and Pete McCloskey "The Politician" former Republican. Also included are Richard Nixon, former Governor of California Jerry Brown, Jimmy Carter, Denis Hayes, Jacques-Yves Cousteau; and Hunter Lovins.

</doc>
<doc id="21544735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544735" title="Minami Daitō Station">
Minami Daitō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544745" title="USS Katrina Luckenbach (ID-3020)">
USS Katrina Luckenbach (ID-3020)

USS "Katrina Luckenbach" (ID-3020) was a cargo ship and troop transport that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
SS "Katrina Luckenbach" was built as a commercial cargo ship at Quincy, Massachusetts, by Fore River Shipbuilding Corporation for Luckenbach Steamship Company of New York City. Launched on 11 February 1918, she was delivered to Luckenbach in 1918. Soon after her delivery, the U.S. Navy acquired her from Luckenbach on 18 May 1918 for World War I service under a bareboat charter. Assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 3020, she was commissioned on the day she was acquired as USS "Katrina Luckenbach" with Lieutenant Commander Eldon H. Read, USNRF, in command.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Katrina Luckenbach" departed New York City on 10 June 1918, under the command of Lieutenant Bird Henry Stearns, with a cargo of United States Army supplies for American forces in France. She returned to the United States on 16 August 1918, then underwent repairs. The war ended on 11 November 1918, before her repairs were complete.
In December 1918, "Katrina Luckenbach" was transferred to the Cruiser and Transport Force for postwar use as a troop transport to assist in returning American troops from Europe. After conversion into a transport, she departed Boston, Massachusetts, on 15 June 1919 with cargo for France. Upon her return to New York, "Katrina Luckenbach" was decommissioned on 25 November 1919 and was returned to Luckenbach the same day.
Once again SS "Katrina Luckenbach", she entered service as a commercial cargo ship. She remained in commercial service until scrapped in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="21544753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544753" title="Kisuki Station">
Kisuki Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544755" title="Eureka High School (Illinois)">
Eureka High School (Illinois)

Eureka High School (commonly called Eureka High or EHS) is a public secondary school located in Eureka, Illinois. The school is part of Eureka Community Unit District 140, with admission based primarily on the locations of students' homes. Communities supported include Eureka, Goodfield, Secor, and Congerville. Serving students in grades ninth grade–twelfth grade, it is a small high school with a student base of 400-500 students. The school is a member of the Corn Belt Conference and compete under the name Hornets.

</doc>
<doc id="21544769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544769" title="Hinobori Station">
Hinobori Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544772" title="Mitchell Marsh">
Mitchell Marsh

Mitchell Ross 'Mitch' Marsh (born 20 October 1991 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian cricketer who plays for the Western Warriors. He is a Wesley College Old Boy and holds the record for most runs in one Darlot Season, while Shaun Marsh, his older brother, holds the highest Darlot average. He is a middle order batsman who bats right-handed and is a medium fast bowler. He is the son of former Australian vice-captain and coach Geoff Marsh.
Career.
Marsh made his debut for the Warriors at the age of 17 in February 2009 in a Ford Ranger Cup game at Bunbury. He became the youngest ever player in an Australian domestic one-day game and Western Australia's youngest debutant for 70 years. In April 2009, he was given the opportunity to play for Australia's Under 19s squad against India, in Australia.
Marsh was handed the captaincy for the 2010 U-19 Cricket World Cup. Under his leadership Australia won the tournament, Marsh having a successful tournament scoring 201 runs, including a match winning 97 in the semi-final against Sri Lanka.
Marsh was drafted to the Deccan Chargers for the 2010 IPL.
Marsh was selected by the Sahara Pune Warriors, who are coached by his father, Geoff Marsh, for US$ 290,000 in the IPL Auction 2011. He played in five matches, scoring a total of 50 runs and taking 7 wickets.
In September 2011, he was named in Australia's Twenty20 squad to tour South Africa. Later, when Brett Lee withdrew due to injury, he was added to the Australian One Day International squad as well. On 16 October he made a spectacular début for Australia in the second Twenty20 match, scoring 36 runs including four sixes, three of which were hit in the final over of the Australian innings.
Other.
Marsh is also a talented Australian rules footballer and represented Western Australia at the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21544780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544780" title="2009 Copa Telmex – Doubles">
2009 Copa Telmex – Doubles

Agustín Calleri and Luis Horna were the defending champions of the 2008 Copa Telmex men's doubles tennis tournament, but did not play together that year.
Agustín Calleri partnered with Potito Starace, but lost in the semifinals to Marcel Granollers and Alberto Martín.
Luis Horna chose not to participate that year.

</doc>
<doc id="21544786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544786" title="Shimokuno Station">
Shimokuno Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544799" title="Izumo Yashiro Station">
Izumo Yashiro Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544809" title="Bonnie Lowenthal">
Bonnie Lowenthal

Bonnie Lowenthal (born February 19, 1940) is an American politician representing California's 70th State Assembly district. Lowenthal also served on the Long Beach City Council prior to her service in the Assembly. Lowenthal unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Long Beach in 2014 failing to get past the primary nominating election, earning 19% of the vote.
Legislative Accomplishments.
Lowenthal has authored several bills that have been signed and adopted into law since arriving in the Assembly. Most notable are her bills that deal with job creation, government reform, health, public safety and the environment. Specific bills signed into law include AB 361: Workers Compensation Preauthorization Denials, which prohibits an insurance company that provides workers’ compensation coverage from rescinding or modifying and authorization for medical services after the services are rendered. This bill states that if a company tells a doctor to provide services, then it has to pay for those services; AB 2098 (Miller/Lowenthal): Riverside County Transportation Commission, which clears away legal hurdles to a design-build improvement project on the Riverside (91) Freeway. The project, funded entirely without state general fund money, promises 18,000 jobs throughout the region; AB 1749: Whistleblower Protection; which gives employees of the Judicial Branch of the State the same level of protection against retaliation for reporting wrongdoing as is currently afforded to other employees of the state bureaucracy; AB 2199: Repeal of Discriminatory Language, which strikes out a provision in the California Welfare and Institutions code that requires mental health officials to find the “causes and cures of homosexuality.” That law was written in 1950 and AB 2199 strips that discriminatory language from the books; AB 2435: MFT Elder Abuse Training, recognizes that Mental health care providers are key to stopping elder and dependent adult abuse and helping families in crisis. This bill requires MFTs, psychologists, LCSWs, and Licensed Professional Clinical Counsellors to have training in the recognition and reporting of suspected elder and dependent adult abuse.
Current Legislation.
Lowenthal's current legislation is a mix containing transportation, health and government reform bills including; AB 312: Violence Against the Homeless, which recognizes that Violence against the homeless has substantially risen over the past decade. This bill would specify that a homeless person has the civil right to be free from violence or intimidation, and, most importantly, it would state that if they are attacked simply for being homeless, they would be able to sue their aggressor for enhanced civil damages. It would shift the cost of protecting the homeless onto the backs of those who would seek to harm them; AB 739: Mental Health Curriculum, which would require the State Board of Education to include suicide prevention instruction as part of health education for grades 7 through 12; AB 960: Electronic Waste, which would require electronic waste recyclers to take other electronic waste and devices in addition to the covered products.
Pre Assembly Political Career.
Prior to her service in the Assembly, Lowenthal was elected to represent the First Council District of the City of Long Beach, in 2001, and was selected to serve as Vice Mayor in 2006. Lowenthal also served on the Long Beach Unified School District Board of Education for seven years and was a member of the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), as well as many community boards and committees.
Background.
Assemblymember Lowenthal received her Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin (class of 1961) and a Master’s of Science in Community and Clinical Psychology from Cal State Long Beach (class of 1974). Since 1975, Lowenthal has been a licensed family counselor and mental health consultant. She has also served as a bilingual mental health consultant for the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), HeadStart, and the Centro de la Raza,
Personal.
Assemblymember Lowenthal was previously married to California State Senator Alan Lowenthal -- who was also one of her predecessors in her current Assembly seat. They were the first divorced couple to serve concurrently in the legislature.
Controversies.
Assemblymember Lowenthal failed to win the endorsement of her Daughter-in-law Suja Lowenthal when running for Mayor of Long Beach in 2014. 
Lowenthal sent a mailer in her campaign for Mayor of Long Beach in 2014 with a message/motto, “Getting things done in Long Beach” behind a beautiful skyline of shoreline buildings that was of San Diego, not Long Beach painting her out of touch with the City she has represented for over 13 years.
Lowenthal sent a mailer in her campaign for Mayor of Long Beach in 2014 with a message, “Do you have a pothole?” “Bonnie will make sure it gets fixed within six months of her election.”
However, it takes much less than six months to patch a pothole, and the city manager, not the mayor, is responsible for making sure they get fixed. Furthermore, the city manager’s staff wants to know about potholes ASAP so they can repair them and prevent a safety hazard. On average it takes 72 hours to fix a pothole on major streets and arterial roads, Deputy City Manager Tom Modica said.

</doc>
<doc id="21544815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544815" title="Izumo Minari Station">
Izumo Minari Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544837" title="Kamedake Station">
Kamedake Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544845" title="Yakawa Station">
Yakawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544852" title="Consumer Watchdog">
Consumer Watchdog

Consumer Watchdog (formerly the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights) is a non-profit, progressive organization which advocates for taxpayer and consumer interests, with a focus on insurance, health care, political reform, privacy and energy.
The organization was founded in 1985 by California Proposition 103 author Harvey Rosenfield and is headquartered in Santa Monica, California. Its chief officers include President Jamie Court and Executive Director Douglas Heller. Other notable staff include consumer advocate John Simpson.
Early history.
After lobbying with consumer advocate Ralph Nader on a number of issues including campaign finance reform and nuclear power proliferation, Rosenfield founded Consumer Watchdog in 1985.
Later, Rosenfield and Nader campaigned against California Proposition 51 (1986), an insurance-industry-backed initiative on the California ballot in 1986 that limited damage claims on lawsuits.
Though Proposition 51 passed, Rosenfield continued to work for insurance rate reductions at his newly formed public interest group. Rosenfield believed insurance regulation was the only solution to rising insurance rates in California. In response, Rosenfield drafted new insurance reform legislation, which insurance industry lobbyists defeated in the state capital.
Issues.
Insurance reform.
Proposition 103.
In 1987, Rosenfield began to write a ballot box proposal to regulate California property and casualty insurance companies and formed a campaign to sponsor it called Voter Revolt. The proposal turned into insurance reform Proposition 103 and promised voters a minimum 20% rollback in rates for property, auto and other kinds of insurance. The measure required auto insurers to base auto insurance premiums primarily on a policyholder's driving safety record, annual mileage driven and years driving experience. Proposition 103 also made the California Insurance Commissioner an elected official, subjected insurers to California's antitrust laws, civil rights laws and unfair business competition law. It also included a provision for "intervenor fees," which has resulted in payments to Rosenfield and his organizations of more than $6 million.
Voter Revolt operated on a $2.9 million budget, a fraction of the insurance industry's $63 million lobbying and advertising effort. The insurance industry, fearing they would not be able to defeat Proposition 103, launched three competing initiative measures in an attempt to confuse voters.
To bring attention to his cause, Harvey Rosenfield used publicity stunts like having guards accompany Rosenfield while he delivered the signatures that got Proposition 103 on the ballot. As well, the group attempted to deliver truckloads of cow manure to the headquarters of Farmers Insurance Group of Los Angeles.
These stunts, along with extensive canvassing and the high profile endorsement of Ralph Nader, helped Voter Revolt pass the initiative in November 1988. Since then, Consumer Watchdog has defended Proposition 103 from insurance industry challenges and ensured the proposition's implementation. In 2008, the Consumer Federation of America estimated that Proposition 103 had saved consumers over $62 billion since 1988.
But independent critics say Prop 103 has fallen far short of Rosenfield's promises. Calculations show it may have saved consumers less than 1% on their premiums.
Proposition 17.
During 2010, Consumer Watchdog opposed Proposition 17, a ballot measure sponsored by Mercury Insurance Group to repeal a provision of Proposition 103 which prohibits insurance companies from considering a driver's history of prior insurance coverage when determining the price or availability of automobile insurance. Mercury spent $16 million in its effort, funding a group called Californians for Fair Automobile Insurance Rates. Consumer Watchdog argued that the measure would have allowed Mercury and other companies to impose surcharges on drivers who have not had continuous coverage. To raise awareness of the fact that an insurance company was sponsoring of Proposition 17, Consumer Watchdog sent a man in a chicken suit to legislative hearings on the measure. The group was outspent 12-to-1, but the measure was narrowly defeated on June 8, 2010.
Healthcare reform.
HMO patients' rights.
In 1994, during the Clinton healthcare debate, Consumer Watchdog created Californians for Quality Care and appointed Jamie Court to lead the campaign. In 1996, Consumer Watchdog worked to have the first Patients' Bill of Rights proposition in the US placed on the California ballot. However, Proposition 216 failed to pass, garnering only 38.7% of the vote.
In 1998, Consumer Watchdog advocated for legislation, ultimately signed into law by California Governor Gray Davis, to extend broad need rights to HMO patients. To bring attention to the issue, the group dumped a truck load of pinto beans at an HMO industry conference to emphasize Consumer Watchdog's opposition to HMO "bean counters" overriding doctors' decisions. Most of the legislative package later passed with the help of the California Nurses Association in November 1998.
Many of the provisions of California's bill were included in the national U.S. Patients' Bill of Rights act, which passed Congress in 2001.
Prescription drug costs.
During the 2004 election, Consumer Watchdog chartered two private trains, which they called "the Rx Express", to take seniors to Canada to buy cheaper prescription medication. The group wanted to show how Americans pay about 60 percent more for prescription drugs than people in other countries.
The Rx Express train trips generated more than three hundred television appearances, with a Nielsen audience of 65 million, 60 newspaper articles, and 100 radio interviews.
The provision of prescription drug benefits to seniors became a central issue in the election and ultimately translated to an expansion of Medicare.
In 2009, Consumer Watchdog launched with Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa the LARx Prescriptions Savings Card Program, a City-wide card program that provides discounts on all pharmaceutical medications and is open to all interested individuals with eligibility restrictions. Consumer Watchdog developed the program with the City of Los Angeles.
HMO care for new mothers.
Consumer Watchdog lobbied Congress to ban what the group called “drive-through deliveries,” hospitals forcing mothers to be discharged after 8 hours. The group exposed a Kaiser Permanente memo to the media, which displayed controversial remarks about why newborn mothers should be discharged in that amount of time. A number of news agencies picked up on the story, and congressional hearings followed. Congress later passed a law requiring that newborns and their mothers not be discharged from the hospital any sooner than forty-eight hours without their consent.
Energy regulation.
In 1998, the group co-sponsored Proposition 9, a ballot initiative to block aspects of the utility deregulation laws passed by California lawmakers in 1996. Proposition 9 failed following a $40 million opposition campaign, funded largely by California's three major private utilities – Pacific Gas and Electric Company, Edison International and Sempra Energy. During the 2000-2001 California electricity crisis, Consumer Watchdog strongly opposed a proposed legislative bailout of the three major utilities. The legislature did not enact the proposed bailout.
The group also runs Oil Watchdog, a blog and resource library about the practices of the US oil industry. Leading up to the 2010 California elections, Oil Watchdog wrote a report exposing what they described as the profit motive of Valero Energy Corporation when it donated $5 million into a ballot initiative, which Consumer Watchdog asserted was aimed at undermining California's green energy industries. The group created a controversial video to expose the practices of Koch Industries, which it displayed in Times Square, New York.
Political reform.
In 2003, Consumer Watchdog launched Arnold Watch to expose what they asserted to be Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's ties to special interests. The group also targeted four Schwarzenegger-backed propositions on the ballot in a special election in 2005. These included California Proposition 74 (2005), which would have lengthened the time it takes for teachers to get tenure, California Proposition 75 (2005), which would have limited public employee unions' political spending, California Proposition 76 (2005), which would have limited California's spending and California Proposition 77 (2005), which the group asserted would have removed lawmakers ability to redistrict the state. All four propositions were defeated, which changed Schwarzenegger's governorship.
The group also helped expose what they asserted to be former Senate majority leader Bill Frist’s conflicts of interest. Frist, a doctor whose family controlled HCA, was then backing a Senate bill to limit legal accountability for doctors and hospitals when they commit medical malpractice. 
The group publicly demanded that Frist sell at least $25 million of stock he held in the company. At the time, HCA was one of America’s largest hospital companies and owner of HCI, the nation’s fifth biggest medical malpractice insurer.
Stem cell oversight.
Consumer Watchdog created Stem Cell Oversight and Accountability Project to lobby for improved benefits to citizens of California from state funded stem cell research. As the Independent Citizen’s Oversight Committee debated the intellectual property rules of California Proposition 71 (2004), a successful 2004 ballot initiative that created $3 billion in general obligation bonds to fund stem cell research, Consumer Watchdog lobbied to have language put in the regulations that ensure any cures that result from the research be made available to underserved populations and that the state recoup a portion of the taxpayers' investment.
In 2006 Consumer Watchdog, through its attorney the Public Patent Foundation, also challenged three patents held by the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (WARF) that cover fundamental stem cell lines and techniques. The patent office found that none of the patents could stand as they were, but WARF narrowed the claims of all three patents, and the resulting claims were upheld in 2008. Consumer Watchdog was able to appeal on only one of the patents, and it did so, and in 2010 the appeals board decided that the amended claims of the patent were not patentable. However, WARF was able to re-open prosecution of the case and did so, amending the claims again to make them more narrow, and in January 2013 the amended claims were allowed. In July 2013, Consumer Watchdog announced that it would appeal the decision to allow the claims of the '913 patent to the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC), the federal appeals court that hears patent cases. At a hearing in December 2013, the CAFC raised the question of whether Consumer Watchdog had legal standing to appeal; the case could not proceed until that issue was resolved.
Privacy.
Financial privacy.
Consumer Watchdog lobbied for financial privacy legislation in 2002. The legislation, which required consumers to opt in before financial services companies shared their personal information with other companies, had public support, but lawmakers wouldn’t move it forward. The group wanted to expose how much personal information was for sale on the Internet for a relatively cheap price. To prove their point, the group published the partial Social Security numbers of legislators opposed to financial privacy on his website. Following this campaign, and the signature gathering help of E-Loan's Chris Larsen, Governor Davis signed the "country's toughest financial privacy legislation."
Google and internet privacy.
Funded by the Rose Foundation for Communities and the Environment, Consumer Watchdog's "Inside Google" is an initiative which aims to educate the general public "about the need for greater online privacy, and to hold Google accountable for tracking consumers online without explicit permission and for exhibiting its monopolistic power in dangerous ways." 
Consumer Watchdog has also campaigned for "do not track" rights. The consumer group was recognized by David Vladeck, the consumer protection chief at the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, during an online privacy conference on December 1, 2010 in Washington DC. That morning Vladeck announced that the FTC would recommend that every browser come equipped with a "do not track me" function that prevents companies from collecting data against the user's will.
The group campaigned to against what it described as privacy issues with Google, in a series of online videos in 2008. The first asserted that new functions in the Google Chrome web browser transmitted information to the company for tracking purposes. The second asserted that Google was reading emails in its Gmail system, to market to consumers based on contents.
Google later agreed to fix the privacy problems in its Chrome browser, which it claimed were inadvertent, as well as other, larger privacy changes. In November 2009 Google launched a dashboard offering consumers better knowledge of and control over their information on Google¹s various services. In January 2010 the company began offering SSL encryption using the HTTPS protocol as the default mode for its Gmail service. In May the company began offering an encrypted SSL connection for its search engine as an option. In 2011, Google entered into an overhaul of its privacy polices in a settlement with the FTC that addressed many of the privacy issues Consumer Watchdog has raised.
In 2010, to bring attention to Google's privacy issues, Consumer Watchdog checked networks in California Representative Jane Harman's home to see if her unencrypted Wi-Fi network might have been tapped when the company captured images for the Google Streetview service of Google Maps.
In the summer of 2010, the organization launched a video in Times Square portraying Google chief executive Eric Schmidt as an exploitative ice cream salesman. The cartoon led to criticism of Consumer Watchdog by some in the technology industry media. In 2011, the group created another video of Schmidt in an effort to get him to testify in front of Congress about what they asserted to be Google’s privacy issues.
In 2011, Consumer Watchdog issued a report, "Lost in the Cloud: Google and the US Government", filled with details obtained through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and interviews. The report claimed that Google has "inappropriately benefited" from close ties to the government. It also alleged that Google's influence with the Obama Administration, the US Department of Homeland Security, Federal Communications Commission, NASA, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the US Department of Defense, and the US National Security Agency has helped shield Google, and caused what they described as insufficient Federal government action on Google’s Wi-Fi privacy infringements.
The report also asked Congress to look into "Air Google," asserting that Google executives were granted an inappropriate level of access to NASA'S Moffett Federal Airfield
Because of Consumer Watchdog's work, Google allegedly tried to influence the Rose Foundation to halt funding for Inside Google.

</doc>
<doc id="21544855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544855" title="Izumo Sakane Station">
Izumo Sakane Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544862" title="MySQLi">
MySQLi

The MySQLi Extension (MySQL Improved) is a relational database driver used in the PHP programming language to provide an interface with MySQL databases.
There are three main API options when considering connecting to a MySQL database server:
The PHP code consists of a core, with optional extensions to the core functionality. PHP's MySQL-related extensions, such as the mysqli extension, and the mysql extension, are implemented using the PHP extension framework. An extension typically exposes an API to the PHP programmer, to allow its facilities to be used programmatically. However, some extensions which use the PHP extension framework do not expose an API to the PHP programmer.
The PDO MySQL driver extension, for example, does not expose an API to the PHP programmer, but provides an interface to the PDO layer above it.
The terms API and extension should not be taken to mean the same thing, as an extension may not necessarily expose an API to the programmer.
MySQLi is an improved version of the older PHP MySQL driver, offering various benefits.
The developers of the PHP programming language recommend using MySQLi when dealing with MySQL server versions 4.1.3 and newer (takes advantage of new functionality).
Technical details.
The MySQLi extension provides various benefits with respect to its predecessor, the most prominent of which, (according to the PHP website, ) are:
Start Guide.
Dual procedural and object-oriented interface.
The mysqli extension features a dual interface. It supports the procedural and object-oriented programming paradigm.
Users migrating from the old mysql extension may prefer the procedural interface. The procedural interface is similar to that of the old mysql extension. In many cases, the function names differ only by prefix. Some mysqli functions take a connection handle as their first argument, whereas matching functions in the old mysql interface take it as an optional last argument.
Example. Easy migration from the old mysql extension
Connections.
The MySQL server supports the use of different transport layers for connections. Connections use TCP/IP, Unix domain sockets or Windows named pipes.
The hostname localhost has a special meaning. It is bound to the use of Unix domain sockets. It is not possible to open a TCP/IP connection using the hostname localhost you must use 127.0.0.1 instead.
Example. Special meaning of localhost
Output<hr>
Executing statements.
Statements can be executed with the mysqli_query(), mysqli_real_query() and mysqli_multi_query() functions. The mysqli_query() function is the most common, and combines the executing statement with a buffered fetch of its result set, if any, in one call. Calling mysqli_query() is identical to calling mysqli_real_query() followed by mysqli_store_result().
Example: Connecting to MySQL
Buffered result sets
After statement execution results can be retrieved at once to be buffered by the client or by read row by row. Client-side result set buffering allows the server to free resources associated with the statement results as early as possible. Generally speaking, clients are slow consuming result sets. Therefore, it is recommended to use buffered result sets. mysqli_query() combines statement execution and result set buffering.
PHP applications can navigate freely through buffered results. Navigation is fast because the result sets are held in client memory. Please, keep in mind that it is often easier to scale by client than it is to scale the server.
Example: Navigation through buffered results
The above example will output:
Unbuffered result sets
If client memory is a short resource and freeing server resources as early as possible to keep server load low is not needed, unbuffered results can be used. Scrolling through unbuffered results is not possible before all rows have been read.
Example: Navigation through unbuffered results
Result set values data types
The mysqli_query(), mysqli_real_query() and mysqli_multi_query() functions are used to execute non-prepared statements. At the level of the MySQL Client Server Protocol, the command COM_QUERY and the text protocol are used for statement execution. With the text protocol, the MySQL server converts all data of a result sets into strings before sending. This conversion is done regardless of the SQL result set column data type. The mysql client libraries receive all column values as strings. No further client-side casting is done to convert columns back to their native types. Instead, all values are provided as PHP strings.
Example: Text protocol returns strings by default
The above example will output:
It is possible to convert integer and float columns back to PHP numbers by setting the MYSQLI_OPT_INT_AND_FLOAT_NATIVE connection option, if using the mysqlnd library. If set, the mysqlnd library will check the result set meta data column types and convert numeric SQL columns to PHP numbers, if the PHP data type value range allows for it. This way, for example, SQL INT columns are returned as integers.
Example: Native data types with mysqlnd and connection option
The above example will output:
Prepared Statements.
The MySQL database supports prepared statements. A prepared statement or a parameterized statement is used to execute the same statement repeatedly with high efficiency.
Basic workflow
The prepared statement execution consists of two stages: prepare and execute. At the prepare stage a statement template is sent to the database server. The server performs a syntax check and initializes server internal resources for later use.
The MySQL server supports using anonymous, positional placeholder with ?.
See example in.
Stored Procedures.
The MySQL database supports stored procedures. A stored procedure is a subroutine stored in the database catalog. Applications can call and execute the stored procedure. The CALL SQL statement is used to execute a stored procedure.
Parameter
Stored procedures can have IN, INOUT and OUT parameters, depending on the MySQL version. The mysqli interface has no special notion for the different kinds of parameters.
IN parameter
Input parameters are provided with the CALL statement. Please, make sure values are escaped correctly.
See examples in.
Multiple Statements.
MySQL optionally allows having multiple statements in one statement string. Sending multiple statements at once reduces client-server round trips but requires special handling.
Multiple statements or multi queries must be executed with mysqli_multi_query(). The individual statements of the statement string are separated by semicolon. Then, all result sets returned by the executed statements must be fetched.
The MySQL server allows having statements that do return result sets and statements that do not return result sets in one multiple statement.
See examples in 
API support for transactions.
The MySQL server supports transactions depending on the storage engine used. Since MySQL 5.5, the default storage engine is InnoDB. InnoDB has full ACID transaction support.
Transactions can either be controlled using SQL or API calls. It is recommended to use API calls for enabling and disabling the auto commit mode and for committing and rolling back transactions.
Examples here.
Metadata.
A MySQL result set contains metadata. The metadata describes the columns found in the result set. All metadata sent by MySQL is accessible through the mysqli interface. The extension performs no or negligible changes to the information it receives. Differences between MySQL server versions are not aligned.
Meta data is access through the mysqli_result interface.
View more here.
The mysqli Extension and Persistent Connections.
Persistent connection support was introduced in PHP 5.3 for the mysqli extension. Support was already present in PDO MYSQL and ext/mysql. The idea behind persistent connections is that a connection between a client process and a database can be reused by a client process, rather than being created and destroyed multiple times. This reduces the overhead of creating fresh connections every time one is required, as unused connections are cached and ready to be reused.
Unlike the mysql extension, mysqli does not provide a separate function for opening persistent connections. To open a persistent connection you must prepend p: to the hostname when connecting.
The problem with persistent connections is that they can be left in unpredictable states by clients. For example, a table lock might be activated before a client terminates unexpectedly. A new client process reusing this persistent connection will get the connection "as is". Any cleanup would need to be done by the new client process before it could make good use of the persistent connection, increasing the burden on the programmer.
The persistent connection of the mysqli extension however provides built-in cleanup handling code. The cleanup carried out by mysqli includes:
This ensures that persistent connections are in a clean state on return from the connection pool, before the client process uses them.
The mysqli extension does this cleanup by automatically calling the C-API function mysql_change_user().
The automatic cleanup feature has advantages and disadvantages though. The advantage is that the programmer no longer needs to worry about adding cleanup code, as it is called automatically. However, the disadvantage is that the code could potentially be a little slower, as the code to perform the cleanup needs to run each time a connection is returned from the connection pool.
It is possible to switch off the automatic cleanup code, by compiling PHP with MYSQLI_NO_CHANGE_USER_ON_PCONNECT defined.

</doc>
<doc id="21544867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544867" title="Miinohara Station">
Miinohara Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544868" title="The Red Canvas">
The Red Canvas

The Red Canvas is a martial arts drama about a ruthless Mixed Martial Arts tournament. This movie is the first film shot and completed on the Red One 4k camera. The film stars Ernie Reyes, Jr.
Plot.
Johnny Sanchez (Ernie Reyes, Jr.) has a troubled past which manifests in the dissonance between him and his family, particularly with his father and son. As Johnny gets released from prison, his father's garage is going to be shut down. The only way to save it is to fight in the Red Canvas tournament, an MMA event. Amidst preparing for an opponent who can't be defeated, Johnny must deal with the turmoil of his family and answer for mistakes of the past.

</doc>
<doc id="21544877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544877" title="Yuki Station (Hiroshima)">
Yuki Station (Hiroshima)


</doc>
<doc id="21544882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544882" title="Henry Glass">
Henry Glass

Henry Glass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21544887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544887" title="Mike Rowe">
Mike Rowe

Michael Gregory "Mike" Rowe (; born March 18, 1962) is an American media personality, actor and comedian best known as the host of the Discovery Channel series "Dirty Jobs". He can also be heard as narrator on a variety of series and has appeared in recurring commercials for Ford Motor Company.
Early life.
Rowe was born in Baltimore, Maryland to parents John and Peggy Rowe. Rowe has said in commercials for "Dirty Jobs" that the show is a tribute to his father and grandfather. Rowe became an Eagle Scout on January 2, 1979 in Troop 16 in Baltimore. During his service project for Eagle Scout at the Maryland School for the Blind, he read aloud to students, and he cites this as one of the reasons he became interested in narrating and writing. On being an Eagle Scout, he said "The Eagle Award is not really meant for people who need to be dragged across the finish line. It's meant for a select few... ."' In June 2012 Rowe was awarded the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award by the Boy Scouts of America.
Rowe attended Kenwood Presbyterian Church in Baltimore when he was younger; his parents still regularly attend. Rowe attended Overlea High School, where he excelled in both theater and singing under the tutelage of choir director Freddie King, whom Rowe credits for first interesting him in performing. After graduation from high school, he attended Essex Community College, and briefly sang with the Chorus of the Chesapeake, which at the time was directed by King. He later graduated from Towson University with a degree in communication studies.
Rowe sang professionally with the Baltimore Opera. He says about this job:
I joined the opera to get my union card and meet girls. I was a saloon singer, so I went down to the Baltimore Opera and learned an aria and auditioned. I figured I'd do one show and quit. But the girls were everywhere and the truth is, the music was really decent.
Television career.
As host.
In the early 1990s, Rowe was an on-air host for the shop at home TV channel QVC. When interviewed, Rowe relates how he got the job at QVC:
I was in the opera at the time. I walked across the street with a buddy of mine (during a performance) - we're dressed as Vikings and we have a drink. The TV is turned to QVC. ... My buddy bets me $100 I can't get a call back. So ... I crashed the audition and got a job on the spot. I basically turned the whole thing into my own stupid David Letterman show - I made fun of the callers and made fun of the products.
Rowe claims that QVC fired him three times. When told in a 2008 episode of "Dirty Jobs" that the gourds he was working on would be sold via QVC, he stated he was familiar with the corporation and proceeded to ad-lib a sales pitch for them.
Rowe has hosted "Your New Home" for WJZ in Baltimore, "Worst Case Scenarios" for TBS, "On-Air TV" for American Airlines, "The Most" for The History Channel, "No Relation" for FX, "New York Expeditions" for PBS, "Channel 999" instructional guide for the now defunct PrimeStar satellite television service, and the CD-ROM music trivia game "Radio Active" (as "Bobby Arpeggio") for now-defunct Sanctuary Woods.
From 2001 to 2005, Rowe hosted "Evening Magazine" on KPIX-TV in San Francisco. During this time, he appeared in a news segment called "Somebody's Gotta Do It", profiling a number of unpleasant professions; this concept later grew into "Dirty Jobs". Rowe's first work with Discovery included a trip to the Valley of the Golden Mummies to host "Egypt Week Live!", where he explored ancient tombs live on air with Dr. Zahi Hawass, an Egyptian archaeologist.
In September 2012, Rowe hosted a three-part series "How Booze Built America" on the Discovery Channel.
CNN announced on April 10, 2014 that Rowe will host "Somebody's Gotta Do It", a new "Original Series" to begin in the Fall 2014 lineup. Rowe will highlight "unique individuals" in their respective passionate undertakings, whether it be work, hobby or fanaticism. "Somebody's Gotta Do It" will be produced by Craig Piligian’s Pilgrim Studios.
As narrator.
In addition to hosting programs, Rowe has an extensive background as a narrator. His work with Discovery Channel includes narrating "American Chopper", "American Hot Rod", "Deadliest Catch", "Wild Pacific", and "Ghost Lab", as well as other Discovery specials and series such as "How the Universe Works", and Syfy's "Ghost Hunters". Rowe has hosted the Discovery Channel's annual "Shark Week" in 2006 and 2008, along with hosting the special "You Spoof Discovery", an amateur parody video special which poked fun at some of the popular series on the Discovery Channel's lineup. Rowe is currently the narrator for National Geographic Channel's series "Wicked Tuna".
On "Dirty Jobs", Rowe frequently mocks his seeming omnipresence on Discovery Channel; when a segment on firefighting and salvage was unable to be completed in a single day, he assured his firefighter host that he would "send over the "MythBusters" ... maybe the "American Chopper" boys ... finish the job".
Rowe was originally tapped to be the on-screen host of the Discovery Channel's "Deadliest Catch", a show about crab fishing in the Bering Sea, and shot footage aboard several crab boats in addition to narrating the series. When "Dirty Jobs" was picked up by Discovery, he was told to choose which show he wanted to appear in on-screen. Rowe claims he was told by Discovery that the shows would air back-to-back on the same night: "We can't have you telling us stories about six dead fishermen on camera and making a fart joke with your arm in a cow's ass". Rowe chose to host "Dirty Jobs" and narrate "Deadliest Catch"; the footage of him on the boats was not used in the series, although he did appear in a season finale of "Deadliest Catch", interviewing the boat captains. Rowe hosted a related show about life on the Bering Sea, a 2007 miniseries, "After the Catch", a show which has continued after each season of "Deadliest Catch".
Other narration work by Rowe includes "Mystery Diagnosis", "Drydock: A Cruise Ship Reborn", "Southern Steel", "Powertool Drag Racing", "Scavengers Rock (Animal Planet)", "Airplane Repo" and the opening of "Ghost Hunters", a Syfy series from the producers of "American Chopper". Additionally, Rowe has done voiceover work for the reality television show "The Ultimate Fighter" and the NASCAR pre-race show for the 2009 Chase on ESPN.
From December 21, 2009 to June 2012, Rowe became the announcer on "ABC World News with Diane Sawyer".
Additional appearances.
On October 7, 2007, Rowe appeared on Fox's "American Dad!" as the voice of a meter maid.
Rowe appeared on an episode of "Sesame Street" (Season 39) in a segment called "Dirtiest Jobs With Mike Rowe", which aired on October 13, 2008. Rowe visits Sesame Street to find the dirtiest job, which happens to belong to Oscar. Rowe must do all the things Oscar does. His tasks include finding and counting stinky cheese, sorting trash, and giving his pet pig, Spot, a mud bath. To Oscar's chagrin, Rowe does not want to stop, as he is having too much fun.
Mike Rowe spoke to over 70,000 scouts, leaders, and visitors at the 2010 National Scout Jamboree in Fort AP Hill, Virginia, and a second time at the 2013 National Scout Jamboree in Bechtel Summit. Rowe, an Eagle Scout, spoke to the crowd about the importance of being physically and mentally clean, but emphasized the need for all scouts to get dirty.
In 2012, Rowe appeared in an episode of the ABC sitcom "Last Man Standing" playing the role of Jim Baxter, the brother of Tim Allen's character.
In June 2013, Mike Rowe spoke to the delegates at the 49th Annual National Leadership and Skills Conference for SkillsUSA in Kansas City, Missouri. He addressed the crowd of 15,000+ at Kemper Arena about the importance to "Work Smart "and" Hard".
As pitchman.
In 1998, Rowe was the television spokesperson for Epic Pharmacy, a Baltimore-area association of independent pharmacies.
Beginning in March 2007, he was featured in several Ford Motor Company F-Series truck commercials, presented in a style similar to "Dirty Jobs", including one for Ford Sync. In the summer of 2009, he appeared in advertisements for Ford and Lincoln-Mercury vehicles that used the tagline: ""Why Ford. Why Now.""
In 2008, Rowe partnered with W. W. Grainger, a Chicago-based Fortune 500 industrial supply company.
In 2010, Rowe appeared in internet spots for Motorola iDEN combined radios/mobile phones, explaining that the phones were used "by real people, for real work" as they were used for "Dirty Jobs"-type applications.
In 2010, Rowe partnered with Lee Premium Select Jeans and appeared in television spots wearing jeans that "make my butt look good".
On July 26, 2010, Rowe became the spokesperson for Caterpillar. Rowe will work with dealers and customers "to get a real world perspective on their jobs".
In 2011, Rowe appeared with his parents in television spots for Viva paper towels.
In 2012, Rowe became a spokesperson for Novartis animal health to educate pet owners about fleas. The campaign is called “The Dirty Truth about Fleas.”
Trade activism.
On Labor Day 2008, Rowe launched a website, mikeroweWORKS.com, which is focused on the decline in the blue collar trades and the crumbling state of the infrastructure. A trade resource center has been launched and provides information, resources, and forums for people interested in learning about, or pursuing a career in, the trades, as well as a new blog aggregator for the trades and construction industry called the "Trades Hub", which launched in April 2011.
On September 19, 2010, Mike Rowe and the Association of Equipment Manufacturers started a grassroots campaign called “I Make America”. The campaign aims to create jobs in the manufacturing sector by encouraging infrastructure investment and export agreements. The group argues that this will improve the economy and global competitiveness of the United States.
Mike Rowe has contributed video content to The Alabama Construction Recruitment Institute's trade-worker recruiting campaign GoBuildAlabama.com, culminating in an Iron Bowl-themed commercial broadcast on local CBS affiliates during Thanksgiving weekend 2010.
In May 2011, Rowe testified on the issue before the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation.
Rowe sent a letter to President Obama at the start of his first term offering to help promote the 3 million "shovel-ready" jobs promised during the campaign, suspecting it might be a tough sell, "given the country's then-current relationship with the shovel." He did not receive a reply. During the 2012 Presidential elections, Rowe contacted GOP candidate Mitt Romney and appeared with him on September 26, 2012, at a campaign event in Ohio. Despite appearing at Romney's campaign appearance, Rowe argued he was not technically endorsing Romney.
In Spring 2013, mikeroweWORKS launched its newest initiative Profoundly Disconnected. Rowe states 'many of the best opportunities that exist today require a skill, not a diploma. The purpose of this site is to promote that simple truth.' While in high school in 1979, Rowe saw a poster in his guidance counselor's office that read 'Work Smart, Not Hard'. He hated it so much, he changed it to 'Work Smart AND Hard' and wants them hanging in guidance counselor offices and businesses all over the country to get people to change the way hard work is perceived. He sells the poster at eBay via his website and all the proceeds go to the mikeroweWORKS Foundation, his foundation that awards trade school scholarships to those wishing to pursue a trade.
Personal life.
Rowe currently resides in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21544903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544903" title="Yunotō Station">
Yunotō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544907" title="Shotgun Red">
Shotgun Red

Shotgun Red is a puppet best known as a co-host for the television talk show "Nashville Now", which aired from 1983-1993 on The Nashville Network. Often appearing alongside the show's host Ralph Emery, Shotgun Red was voiced by Steve Hall, a native of Brainerd, Minnesota.
The puppet, best recognized for his large gray mustache and straw cowboy hat, was discovered by Hall in a Minnesota hobby shop in 1980. Hall first used Shotgun Red as the emcee for his band at the time, "Southbound '76". After traveling to Nashville to compete in the final round of The Seagram's 7 battle of the bands contest, Hall and Shotgun "crashed" Ralph Emery's local morning TV show. Ralph fell in love with the little puppet and later made him his co-host on "Nashville Now".
Shotgun Red went on to appear on the television variety show "Hee Haw" regularly for ten years and host The Nashville Network's music video show "Country Clips" for six years.
The puppet remains a part of Steve Hall's Shotgun Red Band, which operates out of the Nashville Nightlife Dinner Theater and tours periodically.
"The Shotgun Red Variety Show" airs on RFD-TV Monday nights.

</doc>
<doc id="21544914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544914" title="Atsu Station">
Atsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544922" title="Shirōgahara Station">
Shirōgahara Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544932" title="Minami-Ōmine Station">
Minami-Ōmine Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544941" title="2006 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series">
2006 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series

The 2006 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series was an Australian touring car series held for V8 Supercars. It was the seventh series held for second tier V8 Supercar teams. The season began on 24 March 2006 at Adelaide Street Circuit and finished on 10 December at Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit. The season consisted of seven rounds held across four different states.
The series was again dominated by a single driver, with Howard racing Ford driver Adam Macrow winning eight of the series 18 races, winning the five rounds of the series. The remaining two rounds of the series was won by Dick Johnson Racing Ford driver Andrew Thompson won the remaining two rounds, including three race wins but an inconsistent start to the series saw him only eighth in the pointscore which placed a heavy emphasis on finishing over winning. Young Perkins Motorsport Holden drivers Shane Price and Jack Perkins finished second and third in the season pointscore, with Price taking two wins during the season. The only other multiple race winner was Kayne Scott who won a pair of reverse grid races.
The series was dealt a tragic blow at the Mount Panorama Circuit round where David Clark crashed broadside on into the stationary car of Mark Porter. Clark was seriously injured in the collision while Porter lost his life in the days following the accident.
Teams and drivers.
A record number of competitors took part in the 2006 season with the Queensland Raceway round over-subscribed, forcing the slowest qualifiers to sit out the racing. The following teams and drivers have competed during the 2006 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series.
Results and standings.
The season consisted of seven rounds across four different states. Rounds 2-5 consisted of three races. The second race of each weekend saw the finishing order of race 1 reversed to form the grid, a 'reverse grid' race. Point allocated for the reverse grid race were worth half as much as the first and third races of these rounds. Rounds 1, 6 and 7 consisted of a pair of races. Round 2's pair of races carried 50% more points than a single race elsewhere in the season.
Points were awarded for cars who finished in the top 32 race positions in each race according to finishing order. With cars finishing races as low as 37th, there were numerous occasions during the season were cars did not receive points for finishing races. 
Drivers championship.
Points table referenced, in part, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21544953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544953" title="Mine Station">
Mine Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544966" title="Shigeyasu Station">
Shigeyasu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544975" title="Ofuku Station">
Ofuku Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544985" title="Shibuki Station">
Shibuki Station


</doc>
<doc id="21544990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544990" title="Obikiik">
Obikiik

Obikiik (), formerly Pravda, is a location in Tajikistan. It is the administrative capital of Khuroson district in Khatlon Province, located at . Its population is 6,200 (1 January 2008 est.).
Pravda was renamed Obikiik around 2003, at the time when former Ghozimalik district was renamed Khuroson district.

</doc>
<doc id="21544997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21544997" title="Nagato-Yumoto Station">
Nagato-Yumoto Station


</doc>
<doc id="21545011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545011" title="Itamochi Station">
Itamochi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21545026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545026" title="Ha'Or m'Zion">
Ha'Or m'Zion

"Ha'Or m'Zion" ( - The Light From Zion) is the debut album by an Israeli hip-hop artist Subliminal. It was released in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21545039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545039" title="Bidet shower">
Bidet shower

A bidet shower, bidet spray, bidet sprayer or health faucet (sometimes colloquially, a "bum gun") is a hand-held triggered nozzle, similar to that on a sink sprayer, that delivers a spray of water to assist in cleansing the user's anus and genitals after defecation and urination. It is usually placed in a small holder attached to the wall, on the right hand side of a flush toilet and connected via a short hose to the plumbing and faucet that feeds the flush cistern. 
Its use is very common in parts of Asia where water is considered essential for cleansing. This includes India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Vietnam . In Europe it is used in Finland and some Romance-speaking countries. It's very common in Brazil where traditional bidets are being replaced by it over the last decades. It is also common in Arab countries and some parts of the Muslim world. In Asia it is commonly installed with western toilet installations. In Thailand it is common on both Western and squat toilet installations. The “bidet shower” is similar in intent (if not method of use) to the Japanese washlet-style toilet seats.
Overview.
The health faucet is a convenient source of water for people who prefer using water to other methods of anal cleansing. The Bidet shower is a relatively modern replacement for the traditional sources of water for this action, such as the bidet, a copper pot, a bucket and mug, etc., being more hygienic and compact.

</doc>
<doc id="21545075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545075" title="Dronamraju Krishna Rao">
Dronamraju Krishna Rao

Dronamraju Krishna Rao (born January 14, 1937) is an Indian-born geneticist and president of the Foundation for Genetic Research in Houston, Texas. He was born in Pithapuram, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. One focus of his work has been the research of J. B. S. Haldane.
Biography.
Education.
Dronamraju went to M.R. College in Vizianagaram, Andhra University to study botany and earned a bachelor's degree in 1955. He received a master's degree from Agra University in 1957; he studied plant breeding and genetics. When J.B.S. Haldane moved to India in 1957, it gave Dronamraju an opportunity to pursue biological and genetic research. After finishing an M.Sc., he wrote to Haldane for an opportunity to pursue research career under his direction at the Indian Statistical Institute in Calcutta.
Early in his research career, he discovered the first case of a gene on the human Y chromosome and published a paper in 1960. It was also part of his Ph.D. thesis at the Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta. Dronamraju's research with Haldane at the Indian Statistical Institute included many areas.
Research contributions.
Dronamraju's research covers the visits of several species of lepidoptera to different colored flowers of "Lantana camara" reported the discovery of a species-specific pattern of color preference behavior by pollinating insects. 
He did research in human genetics in India. In 1966, Dronamraju completed his Ph.D from the Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta. He studied under J. B. S. Haldane. The topic of his doctoral thesis was "Genetic Studies of the Andhra Pradesh population". Dronamraju's early research in human genetics (and the independent work of L.D. Saghvi at the Tata Cancer Center in Mumbai) eventually led to the foundation of the Indian Society of Human Genetics.
Dronamraju received advanced training at University College, London and Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, followed by a postdoctoral fellowship in genetics at the University of Alberta. After he moved to the USA, he continued research on inbreeding in human populations such as the Amish population in Pennsylvania in collaboration with Victor A. McKusick at Johns Hopkins. He also studied the Seneca Indians in New York State and other populations in the US and Canada.
He studied the relationship between fetal mortality and the occurrence of oral cleft defects in families. 
In recent years, Dronamraju's research focused on the history of genetics and human/medical genetics. He has published several books, especially with reference to the contributions of his mentor J. B. S. Haldane.

</doc>
<doc id="21545091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545091" title="Walter Furlong">
Walter Furlong

Walter Furlong (1 September 1893 – 11 December 1973) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected on his second attempt, to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1944 general election. He lost his Dáil seat at the 1948 general election, and was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1951 general election.
Furlong was a member of Cork City Council and served as Lord Mayor of Cork in 1951. 
According to his death notice Furlong was in "G" Company, 1st Battalion, 1st Cork Brigade, Old IRA in 1916, and had been interned on Bere Island, released on the signing of the Truce.

</doc>
<doc id="21545093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545093" title="Duncan Davidson (businessman)">
Duncan Davidson (businessman)

Duncan Davidson (born 1940) is the founder of Persimmon plc, one of the United Kingdom's largest housebuilding businesses.
Career.
Born the grandson of the 15th Duke of Norfolk and educated at Ampleforth College, Duncan Davidson went into the British Army in 1959 and served in the Royal Scots Greys for four years. In 1963 he joined George Wimpey where he managed construction work in Iran.
In 1965 he founded "Ryedale Homes" which he sold seven years later to Comben Homes for £1m.
In 1972 he founded Persimmon plc and expanded it into one of the United Kingdom's largest housebuilding businesses. He retired as Executive Chairman in 2006 but remains Life President.
He owns of land in Northumberland and lives near Wooler.
Family.
Duncan Davidson married Sarah in 1966 and together they went on to have four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21545096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545096" title="Dirck van der Lisse">
Dirck van der Lisse

Dirck van der Lisse (6 August 1607, The Hague - buried 31 January 1669, The Hague) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography.
Van der Lisse was born in The Hague. He learned to paint from Cornelis van Poelenburch, and later lived in Utrecht from 1626, alternating between Utrecht and The Hague between 1635 and 1640. He married Petronella van der Hove in 1639 in the Hague, and in 1640 he moved to Utrecht, and in 1642 he moved to Amsterdam, the same year his second son was born, who died in infancy. In 1644 he became a member of the Hague painter's guild (that contained not only painters, but glass makers, chair makers, and book binders, according to Houbraken), and in 1656, he became a city magistrate and helped form the Confrerie Pictura. In 1659-1669 he was mayor of the Hague. According to Houbraken, in 1656 he became a city magistrate and helped form the Confrerie Pictura, and from 1659-1669 he was mayor of the Hague.
Works.
He has been called "Van Poelenburch's best pupil", but Houbraken did not mention his teacher at all, and in Van Poelenburch's biography he claimed that his best pupil was "Joan vander Lis", not Dirk vander Lis. The RKD mentions both Dirck van der Lisse and Jan van der Lijs as being pupils of Van Poelenburch. His early paintings were frequently landscapes with nymphs, coming close to the style his master used around 1630, and even sometimes being mistaken for Van Poelenburch's at auctions. However, many displayed a distinctive style, which consisted of emptier, more horizontal compositions. In 1635, he was one of four painters commissioned to work on the "Pastor Fido" of Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange, painting one of the main scenes and one of the four subsidiary landscapes. Later in his career, as was common among his contemporaries, he largely abandoned landscapes in favor of the more lucrative business of portrait painting. Despite his apparent success as a painter, his paintings are relatively uncommon in inventories and auction catalogues before about 1640.
He is known for Italianate landscapes and historical allegories of the "Van Poelenburch School". Works previously attributed to Dirck van der Lisse are currently attributed to Van Poelenburch, Herman Saftleven, Emanuel de Witte, Daniel Vertangen, Willem de Heusch and Moyses van Wtenbrouck.
Later in life, when he became involved in guild and municipal politics in The Hague, he probably did not paint much in this latter ten years of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="21545115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545115" title="Australia and the American Civil War">
Australia and the American Civil War

Despite being across the world from the conflict, the Australian colonies were affected by the American Civil War both economically and by immigration. The Australian cotton crop became more important to England, which had lost its American sources, and it served as a supply base for Confederate blockade runners. Immigrants from Europe seeking a better life also found Australia preferable to war-torn North America.
The Australian public was shocked by the revelation by a turncoat Russian officer, who claimed that a direct engagement was secretly planned by Russia in case the Confederacy was recognized by Britain. The Russian navy had just paid Australia a visit in preparation for launching attacks. Fear of a possible military confrontation led to a massive buildup of coastal defenses and to the acquisition of an ironclad warship.
Australia became directly involved when the Confederate navy visited in order to repair one of their warships. This led to protests from the Union representative at Melbourne, while the citizenry of nearby Williamstown entertained the Confederates and some Australians joined the crew. Accounts disagree as to whether Australians generally favored the Union or the Confederacy, as sorrowful demonstrations were held in Sydney when news arrived of Abraham Lincoln's assassination.
Economics.
Together, Australia and New Zealand had 140 citizens, 100 of whom were native-born, who were veterans of the American Civil War. Some of these were originally Americans who came to Australia during the Victorian gold rush of the 1850s. Officers during the war included one who gave Tasmania its first telegraph service, and another officer who mined for gold in Ballarat.
Confederate blockade runners occasionally obtained supplies there, despite a historic fear of possible naval attack by Americans, a fear rooted in the actions of American privateers during the War of 1812.
The war also caused the Lancashire Cotton Famine. As a result, Queensland saw a rise in its cotton industry, while the National Colonial Emigration Society in Britain was founded, although it had little ongoing relevance. This came about as a result of so many individuals from northern England being affected by the inability of the Southern United States to ship cotton during the war. Once the war ended, little cotton from Southern Australia was imported to England. However, in the aftermath of the war some Australians were interested in acquiring the Fiji Islands and their cotton fields.
Another impact was the competition with Canada that Australia and New Zealand had with Irish immigration. The increasing Irish immigration was seen as an economic boon by these antipodean countries. One of the reasons for the increase was due to many Irish deciding against emigrating to the warring nations of North America.
Imperial Russian Navy.
During the Civil War, the Union and Russia were allies against what they saw as their potential enemy, Britain. The Russian blue-water navy was stationed in San Francisco and from 1863 in New York—with sealed orders to attack British naval targets in case war broke out between the United States and Britain. This was threatened if Britain gave diplomatic recognition to the Confederacy.
The flagship of the Russian Pacific squadron, "Bogatyr" under Rear Admiral Andrey Alexandrovich Popov, officially made a friendly visit to Melbourne in early 1863. According to information passed on to Australian authorities in June 1864, Rear Admiral A.A. Popov had in the first half of the year 1863 received orders and a plan of attack on the British naval ships positioned near the Australian shore. The plan also included shelling and destruction of the Melbourne, Sydney and Hobart coastal batteries. The information was attributed to the Polish lieutenant Władysław Zbyszewski of the "Bogatyr", who had deserted from service in Shanghai soon after "Bogatyr" left Australia, and found his way to Paris to join the Polish January Uprising. This information about Popov's plans was forwarded by a fellow Pole, a certain S. Rakowsky. Similar attack orders are known to have been given to the Atlantic squadron under Rear Admiral Lessovsky, that was sent to New York at the same time.
CSS "Shenandoah".
The CSS "Shenandoah" arrived in Australian waters on January 17, 1865. Off the coast of South Australia at 39°32'14"S and 122°16'52" E, her crew spotted an American-made sailing ship named the "Nimrod" and boarded it. Having ascertained it was an English ship, the "Shenandoah" left it alone.
On January 25, 1865 the "Shenandoah" made harbor at Williamstown, Victoria, near Melbourne, in order to repair damage received while capturing Union whaling ships. At seven o'clock in the evening, Waddell sent a Lieutenant Grimball to gain approval from local authorities to repair their ship, with Grimball returning three hours later saying they were granted permission. The United States consul, William Blanchard, insisted that the Victorian government arrest the Confederates as pirates, but his pleas were ignored by Victoria's governor, Sir Charles Henry Darling, who was satisfied with the "Shenandoah"’s pleading of neutrality when requesting to be allowed to undertake repairs. Aside from a few fist fights between Americans, there was no direct conflict between the two warring sides. However, there were eighteen desertions while ashore, and there were constant threats of Northern sympathizers joining the crew in order to capture the ship when it was at sea.
The local citizenry was very interested in the Confederate ship being in Port Phillip Bay. While at Williamstown, James Iredell Waddell, the captain of the "Shenandoah" and his men participated in several "official functions" the local citizens arranged in their honour, including a gala ball with the "cream of society" at Craig's Royal Hotel in Ballarat and at the Melbourne Club. Thousands of tourists came to see the ship every day, requiring special trains to accommodate them. After being treated as "little lions", the officers of the "Shenandoah" later reflected that the best time of their lives was given to them by the women of Melbourne.
After leaving Australia, the "Shenandoah" captured twenty-five additional Union whaling ships before finally surrendering at Liverpool, England in November, 1865. Those surrendering included 42 Australians who had joined the crew at Williamstown; sources differ as to whether the Australians were stowaways or illegally recruited. Waddell did refuse Australian authorities to see if Australians were aboard the ship prior to sailing from Williamstown on February 18. Four Australians were arrested to prevent them from joining the Confederate ships, and Governor Darling allowed the "Shenandoah" to sail away, instead of firing upon it. Waddell's official report said that on February 18 they "found on board" the 42 men, and made 36 sailors and enlisted six as marines. One of the original Confederate crewmen, midshipman John Thomson Mason, stated that they just happened to find the stowaways, of various nationalities, and enlisted them outside of Australian waters. He further said one of the stowaways was the captain of an English steamer that was at Melbourne at the time; the Englishman became the captain's clerk.
Assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
The news of the assassination of Abraham Lincoln caused demonstrations of sorrow in Sydney. An editorial in Melbourne's "The Age" newspaper on June 27, 1865 reported that in Sydney the assassination of Lincoln had caused great indignation. There were many Australian sympathizers that wanted to put an end to slavery, a central issue with Lincoln and his Emancipation Proclamation. A memorial service was held in Sydney's Prince of Wales Opera House on Sunday afternoon July 9, 1865. There were strong feelings of anger at public meetings against the killer of Lincoln, a person so dedicated to his country. They figured he was a genius who rose "from a log cabin to the White House."
A public meeting was held in Sydney to express sympathy for Lincoln's death and a meeting of American citizens held on June 26, 1865 had decided to forward a letter of condolence to Mrs. Lincoln, to contribute for a monumental tablet, and wear mourning for a month. There was a letter of sympathy sent to Lincoln's wife from the mayor of the city of Sydney expressing the city's condolences.
News of Lincoln's assassination was reported in the Melbourne's "The Age" on June 24, 1865. In the Melbourne newspapers, editorials were prominent. There was mention in the Melbourne Herald for June 26, 1865 that many of the American houses in town carried their national ensign at half-mast as a mark of respect to the memory of the late President. William Blanchard, the U.S. Consul in Melbourne at the time, on finding out the news of Lincoln's death, caused the consular flag to be kept at half-mast until July 4, 1865. The City Council of Melbourne passed a resolution "expressive of its horror and detestation of the atrocious murder of the late Chief Magistrate."
There were other letters of sympathy from Australia. They came from the Polish and Hungarian Refugees in Melbourne dated July 4, 1865; Citizens of the Swiss Republic Residents in New South Wales; Sydney Irish National League, NSW Branch, dated July 22, 1865; and from the mayor of Sydney Municipal Council dated July 17, 1865. Another letter of sympathy came from the town of Geelong in Victoria, addressed to "Mrs. Lincoln, Washington, America" dated August 22, 1865.
Aftermath.
The residents of Melbourne, realizing they were vulnerable to attack by others, especially the Russians due to the events during the war, hurried to build coastal defense forts. This included the government of Victoria requesting an ironclad ship to be sent to protect the colony, after the values of ironclads were demonstrated during the American Civil War's Battle of Hampton Roads. The monitor HMVS "Cerberus" was constructed during the late 1860s, and duly arrived in Victoria in 1871.
In 1872 the British government paid the United States $3,875,000 as a result of the assistance provided to CSS "Shenandoah" and other Confederate ships in Victoria and other ports controlled by Great Britain, after an international jury ruled on the case in Geneva, Switzerland.
In 1972, the American Civil War Round Table of Australia was founded. Its secretary, Barry Crompton, has the largest library dedicated to the American Civil War outside the United States, with over 4,000 pieces as of 2005.
Self-government.
When the six colonies of the Australian continent federated to form a self-governing nation in 1901, Australia favored the British model of government as they had misgivings about America's powerful postwar "monarchical" presidency. Australians also opposed the importation of "coloured labour", in part due to fears of a similar civil war breaking out in Australia. A further precautionary measure was evident in the addition of the word "indissoluble" to the Federal Constitution of 1897–1898 in Adelaide, to prevent the "political heresy" of secession as engaged in by the Confederacy.
John Wilkes Booth's escape to Australia theory.
According to some theorists, John Wilkes Booth is alleged to have escaped to Australia, onboard a whaling ship called the "Tigris" that departed out of New Bedford. Booth was said to have made his way to South Australia, being secreted into the colony, via a night-time landing at either the then whaling stations at Victor Harbor, or Hog Bay on Kangaroo Island. After an uneventful interlude Booth is reported to have eventually settled in the rural township of Hahndorf : a region of Adelaide which was purposefully settled by German migrants to Australia. According to the LTO - Lands Title Office of SA - Land which was owned under the name of Jack Holmes, unionist, was held from 1866 to 1873. The name being a pseudonym based on Booth's mothers maiden name. Further compounding this theory is the coincidental observation that in the year 1851 : John Wilkes Booths' father married the recently divorced Adelaide Delannoy Booth (1790-1858). Adelaide Dalannoy Booth was said to have had made a lasting impression on the 13 year old boy. Finally, (to her dying day), Sally Partington who was Wilkes fellow conspirator; maintained that she had remained in contact with Booth and that he reported his life in South Australia as being ' " as uneventful as it is peaceful" '. Coincidentally the "Tigris" was the sister vessel to the "Euphrates" which had fallen victim to the Confederate raider the "Shenandoah" which travelled to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21545139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545139" title="Edward Simpson">
Edward Simpson

Edward Simpson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21545144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545144" title="Latvian partisans">
Latvian partisans

Latvian national partisans were the Latvian national partisans who waged guerrilla warfare against Soviet rule during and after Second World War.
Aftermath of World War I.
The decisions of the 1917 congresses and the declaration of independence on November 18, 1918, with Latgale as part of the Latvian state, moved both the military of Latvia as well as local partisans to struggle for the liberation of Latgale. This was a difficult task, given the territorial interests of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, Second Polish Republic, and Belarusian People's Republic. On June 10, 1919 the Lithuanian army reached the territory controlled by the partisan (Green Guard).
Aftermath of World War II.
Latvian national partisans waged guerrilla warfare against Soviet rule during the Soviet occupation of Latvia in 1940 during World War II, and the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic after the war. Similar anti-Soviet resistance groups fought against Soviet rule in Estonia, Lithuania, Belarus, Poland, Romania and Galicia (Eastern Europe).
The Red Army occupied the formerly independent Latvia in 1940–1941 and, after the period of occupation of Latvia by Nazi Germany, again in 1944–1945. As Stalinist repression intensified over the following years, thousands of residents of this country used the heavily forested countryside as a natural refuge and basis for armed anti-Soviet resistance.
Resistance units varied in size and composition, ranging from individually operating guerrillas, armed primarily for self-defence, to large and well-organised groups able to engage significant Soviet forces in battle.
Background.
Caught between two powers.
Latvia had gained her independence in 1918 after the collapse of the Russian Empire. The ideals of self-determination had taken hold with many people as a result of having established an independent country for the first time in history. Allied declarations such as the Atlantic Charter had offered promise of a post-war world in which Latvia could re-establish itself. Having already experienced occupation by the Soviet regime followed by the Nazi regime, many people were unwilling to accept another occupation.
In the first weeks of Operation Barbarossa Latvia was overrun by German Army Group North. The German advance had been so swift that thousands of Red Army troops had been by-passed without taking them as prisoners. Thousands of Latvians joined partisan units which were organized by Latvian officers in the rear of the German front line. The Latvians now collected the Reds and some­times fought fierce battles with those who resisted. The national partisans ahead of the German front line took Sigulda on July 2 (two days before the Germans). They secured Alūksne on July 5, but that evening strong Red Army forces, retreating from the Germans, reached the town, and the partisans withdrew without a fight. The next morning the Reds departed, and the partisans re-occupied the town. The Germans occupied Alūksne on July 7. At the village of Mālupe the partisans attacked the headquarters of the 183rd Rifle Division, killing its commander and several staff officers and capturing their supplies and transportation. By July 8 the Red Army had retreated beyond the Latvian border.
Preparations for partisan operations in Courland were begun during the German occupation, but the leaders of these nationalist units were arrested by Nazi authorities. Longer-lived resistance units began to form during the last months of the war; their ranks were composed of a good number of Latvian Legion soldiers as well as civilians.
The partisan operations in Latvia had some basis in Hitler's authorisation of a full withdrawal from Estonia in mid-September 1944—and in the fate of Army Group Courland, among the last of Hitler's forces to surrender after it became trapped in 
the Courland Pocket on the Latvian peninsula in 1945. After the capitulation of Germany on May 8, 1945 approximately 4000 legionaries went to the forests. Others, such as Alfons Rebane and Alfrēds Riekstiņš escaped to the United Kingdom and Sweden and participated in Allied intelligence operations in aid of the partisans.
The ranks of the resistance swelled with the Red Army's attempts at conscription in Latvia after the war, with fewer than half the registered conscripts reporting in some districts. The widespread harassment of disappearing conscripts' families pushed more people to evade authorities in the forests. Many enlisted men deserted, taking their weapons with them.
The partisan war.
There was not any significant support to the national partisans from the West. Most of the agents sent by the Western- British (MI6), American, and Swedish secret intelligence services in a period from 1945 to 1954 (about 25 agents) were arrested by KGB and could not get into contact with partisans. And also this poor support diminished significantly after MI6's Operation Jungle was severely compromised by the activities of British spies (Kim Philby and others) who forwarded information to the Soviets, enabling the KGB to identify, infiltrate and eliminate many Latvian partisan units and cut others off from any further contact with Western intelligence operatives.
The conflict between the Soviet armed forces and the Latvian national partisans lasted over a decade and cost at least thousands of lives. Estimates for the number of fighters in each country vary. Misiunas and Taagepera estimate that figures reached between 10,000 and 15,000 in Latvia.
The number of active combatants peaked at between 10,000 and 15,000, while the total number of resistance fighters was as high as 40,000. One author gives a figure of up to 12,000 grouped in 700 bands during the 1945–55 decade, but definitive figures are unavailable. Over time, the partisans replaced their German weapons with Russian ones. The partisan organizations which attempted to unite and coordinate their activities were the Latvian National Partisan Association in Vidzeme and Latgale, the Northern Courland Partisan Organization, Latvian National Partisan Organization in Courland, Latvian Defenders of the Homeland (partisan) Association in Latgale and the "Fatherland Hawks" in Southern Courland. In some 3,000 raids, the partisans inflicted damage on uniformed military personnel, party cadres (particularly in rural areas), buildings, and ammunition depots. Communist authorities reported 1,562 Soviet personnel killed and 560 wounded during the entire resistance period.
The Latvian national partisans were most active in the border regions. The forests hid the partisan dugouts, their workshops for weapons, their printing presses for leaflets and underground newspapers. Areas where they were most active included Abrene district, Ilūkste, Dundaga, Taurkalne, Lubāna, Aloja, Smiltene, Rauna and Līvāni. In the Northern regions, they had ties with Estonian Forest Brothers. As in Estonia, the partisans were killed off and infiltrated by the MVD and NKVD over time, and as in Estonia, Western assistance and intelligence was severely compromised by Soviet counter-intelligence and Latvian double agents such as Augusts Bergmanis and Vidvuds Sveics. Furthermore, the Soviets gradually consolidated their rule in the cities, help from rural civilians was not as forthcoming, and special military and security units were sent to control the partisans. The last groups emerged from the forest and surrendered to the authorities in 1957.
Decline of the resistance movements.
To destroy the partisan base of support major deportation took place in March 1949. Most part of supporters were deported and others were forced to join kolkhozs. By the early 1950s, the Soviet forces had eradicated most of the Latvian national resistance. Intelligence gathered by the Soviet spies in the West and KGB infiltrators within the resistance movement, in combination with large-scale Soviet operations in 1952 managed to end the campaigns against them.
Many of the remaining national partisans laid down their weapons when offered an amnesty by the Soviet authorities after Stalin's death in 1953, although isolated engagements continued into the 1960s. The last individual guerrillas are known to have remained in hiding and evaded capture into the 1980s, by which time Latvia was pressing for independence through peaceful means. (See The Baltic Way, Singing Revolution) Latvia regained their independence in 1991.
Aftermath, memorials and remembrances.
Many Latvian national partisans persisted in the hope that Cold War hostilities between the West, which never formally recognized the Soviet occupation, and the Soviet Union might escalate to an armed conflict in which Latvia would be liberated. This never materialised, and according to Laar many of the surviving former "Forest Brothers" remained bitter that the West did not take on the Soviets militarily. (See also Yalta Conference, Western betrayal)
As the conflict was relatively undocumented by the Soviet Union (the Latvian fighters were never formally acknowledged as anything but "bandits and illegals"), some consider it and the Soviet-Latvian conflict as a whole to be an unknown or forgotten war.
Trivia.
The last known Forest Brother is Jānis Pīnups who become a legal citizen again only in 9. May 1995. He went to the forest in 1944 as a member of a resistance organization called "Don't Serve the Occupant Army". Jānis Pīnups never had a Soviet passport and his legal status was nonexistent during the era of Soviet occupation. His hideaway was located in the forest of the Preiļi district, Pelēči parish. In 1995 a new passport of the Republic of Latvia was issued to Jānis Pīnups and he has said that he's waiting for a moment when he can see Riga – capital of once more independent Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="21545151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545151" title="Monster Allergy (TV series)">
Monster Allergy (TV series)

Monster Allergy is a 2005 animated television series, jointly produced by Rainbow S.p.A., Futurikon, RAI Fiction and ZDF.
Plot.
Monster Allergy is based on the international best-selling comic book series of the same name. The series follows 12-year-old Ezekiel Zick (called Zick) who suffers from all sorts of allergies (though people call that an excuse) and discovers that he has the ability to see the invisible monsters that live among us. Along with help of his best friend Elena Potato and his talking cat, Timothy, Zick hopes to hone his powers to one day become a Monster Tamer just like his dad, Zob Zick.
Tamer.
The Tamer are Human Beings with very special powers; their main characteristic is The Dom, an energy that is passed from parent to child. With the passing of the generations, powers and knowledge are passed on which lead to real dynasties of Monster Tamers.
The five Dom powers are:
Dom Items.
The Dom Items are valuable items for the Tamers that are given by the Tutors due to the experience of the Tamers.
Broadcast.
Despite RAI's involvement, "Monster Allergy" was premiered on 19 December 2005 in Italy on Toon Disney. It landed on Italian terrestrial television on 6 February 2006 when it was premiered on Rai Due.
In France, the series was premiered on 18 October 2006 on M6 in its M6 Kid strand.
In Germany, the series was premiered on 23 October 2006 on KiKa, a joint operation of ZDF and ARD.
In the United States, the series was premiered on 23 September 2006 on Kids' WB television block broadcast on the affiliates of then-newly formed The CW network. It was shown with a separate English dub produced in the U.S..
With the exception of the aforementioned case in the United States, most broadcasters purchased the English version, which was produced for Rainbow S.p.A., for English language broadcasts.
Being based on the comic series published by Disney in most countries, "Monster Allergy" is broadcast on Disney Channel (and/or its sister channels) in pay television market in most countries, with exceptions being the aforementioned Kids' WB In the United States, and Nickelodeon in the Netherlands and Flanders.

</doc>
<doc id="21545199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545199" title="Edmund Pearce">
Edmund Pearce

The Rt. Rev. Edmund Courtenay Pearce was the inaugural Bishop of Derby from 1927 until his death in 1935. His brother Ernest was the Bishop of Worcester from 1919 to 1930.
Born on 17 December 1870 and educated at Christ’s Hospital and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1899. His career began with a curacy at St James, Muswell Hill. He was then Vicar of St Benedict, Cambridge, Dean then Master of his old college and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) Vice-Chancellor of the University. He died while taking a confirmation service near Glossop.

</doc>
<doc id="21545211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545211" title="2009 Dubai Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2009 Dubai Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

Cara Black and Liezel Huber were the defending champions, and won in the final, 6–3, 6–3, over Maria Kirilenko and Agnieszka Radwańska.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="21545215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545215" title="Seamus">
Seamus

Seamus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21545226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545226" title="Hit and Run (2009 film)">
Hit and Run (2009 film)

Hit and Run (also known as "Bumper" or "Hit and Run unrated") is a 2009 horror film from MGM, released only in an unrated version. The film tells the story of a young woman who tries to cover up a deadly hit and run accident, only to have the supposedly dead victim come back to terrorize her.
Plot.
The film opens as Mary Murdock (Laura Breckenridge), a young student, leaves a lively party at a club in New Jersey one night. She hits a bad bump driving home drunk on a dark road. Later, hearing noises in the garage, she finds a bleeding man, mangled and impaled on her jeep's bumper. Not calling 911, she tries to help, but he suddenly attacks. Panicked, she hits him with a golf club. After, she buries his body in a shallow grave in the woods off Clover Rd.
The next day, Mary covers up the crime (before parents return from a weekend trip); she scrubs off the blood but doesn't get the dent fixed (a suspicious cop at the auto shop scares her off, then she detours for her grandmas parrots at airport cargo). Mary starts coming apart. Irrational, she crashes on a tree to camouflage the small dent with a bigger.
Later the news reveals the missing man is kindergarten teacher Timothy Emser (Kevin Corrigan), bipolar and unstable when he vanished. Strange things occur in Mary's house, making her feel toyed with by someone unseen; she descends into paranoia. It transpires that Rick (Christopher Shand), her boyfriend, gets involved in the cover up and goes to retrieve incriminatory evidence (a blanket) off the corpse, but is killed, replaced in Emser's grave.
It becomes clear Emser survived. Unhinged, he returns to make Mary live through the same nightmare she inflicted on him. He stalks Mary many ways. The parrots squawk strange phrases, which alert Mary. At one point, she falls down the stairs, impaling a screw driver in her thigh. Emser surprise attacks, biting and stabbing her, and she passes out. In a reversal, when Mary revives, Emser has strapped her to the bumper with electric cords and Christmas lights and takes her on a sadistic, all-night "revenge drive".
Along the way, after a struggle, Emser kills a gas attendant (who was about to call the cops) by pumping petrol down his throat and the attendant throws up blood after Emser departs. Emser parks back at his own house, leaving Mary trapped in his garage, as she did to him. He reunites with his worried family, but is ever more delusional, violent. Soon, Emser stabs his wife Jane in the back with hedge clippers when she accidentally stumbles on and tries to untie Mary.
It transpires that Emser goes to bury Mary in the woods with Rick's body, after detaching her and the bumper using a blowtorch and welding mask. However, in the grave, Mary is able to maim his eye with a plug from the cords and escapes in the jeep. When Emser blocks her path, Mary revs up and intentionally runs her tormentor over several times. She speeds off in the dark.
Next morning, Mary wakes on the roadside, numb and battered, and drives to a local auto shop. There, the mechanic and passersby ultimately discover, and pull out, Emser's body from under the jeep, where it got snagged. Seeing this, Mary has a mental breakdown, saying "I don't think I need that bumper anymore", laughing as the police sirens close in on her. The film ends moving closer to Emser's bloodied face on the pavement in the early rain, and it appears to be left uncertain whether he is actually dead or not.
Throughout the narrative, a radio DJ called Eddie the Spaz is periodically heard, hosting a weekend music marathon, the "Spazathon", which bookends the film.
Background.
The film is loosely inspired by an urban legend originating in the mid-1980s, a cautionary "scarelore" tale of the perils of drunk driving. The film may also be loosely inspired by the murder of Gregg Biggs by Chante Mallard of Fort Worth.
Release.
MGM and 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment released the film to DVD on January 13, 2009 in North America (USA & Canada); February 9, 2009 in the UK; June 17, 2009 in Argentina and Finland; October 1, 2009 in Germany; February 3, 2010 in Spain; February 10, 2010 in Australia; April 30, 2010 in Belgium; and May 26, 2010 in the Netherlands.
Soundtrack.
Songs in the film include:

</doc>
<doc id="21545234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545234" title="Jack Davis (prospector)">
Jack Davis (prospector)

Jackson Lee "Diamondfield Jack" Davis (1864–1949) was pardoned for the 1896 Deep Creek Murders in Idaho and would later strike it rich in Nevada, where he established several mining towns, one named after his nickname "Diamondfield".
Life.
Davis got his nickname when he went west to Silver City, Idaho on the rumor of a diamond strike. The rumor led to nothing but after talking so much about it he got the nickname "Diamondfield Jack". After the failed prospecting attempt Jack was hired by Spark-Harrell cattle company on the Idaho-Nevada border. Davis' job was to keep sheepherders off the cattle's land and after a confrontation that led to wounding of a sheepherder named William Tolman. The sheepherders would change their bed every night to a different position so that the head of the bed would be in a different direction for the cattlemen would shoot at the head of the beds.Davis was on the run. He began working for the cattle company again the next year and almost immediately as he came back to work, two sheepherders were killed in the area where he was working. Davis became the prime suspect for the killings. A magazine was found in the sheepwagon with a diamond drawn in blood by one of the victims. The sheepmen were killed with .44 caliber bullets shot out of a .45 caliber gun. Diamondfield Jack was known to have bought .44 caliber cartridges when the correct ones were not available. As he was heading towards Mexico, Jack was picked up by authorities in Arizona Territory. He was transported back up to Idaho and sentenced to hang on June 4, 1897. The day before his execution date he was reprieved due to the confessions of two other men to the murders. In February 1899 Davis was transferred to the Idaho State Penitentiary where he stayed until December of that year. Davis was then transferred back to a cell in the Cassia County jail.
After Davis had exhausted his appeals another execution date was scheduled for July 3, 1901. By the time public opinion had shifted in Jack's favor mostly due to the confessions of James Bower and Jeff Gray and also to the easing of tension between sheep and cattle herders. The Board of Pardons extended the execution date to the July 17, much to the outrage of state prosecutor and future Idaho Senator William Borah. Three hours before Davis' scheduled execution, word arrived to the Cassia County sheriff that his sentence had been changed to life imprisonment. Davis was moved back to the Idaho State Penitentiary in Boise, Idaho until he was finally pardoned on December 17, 1902 by Idaho Gov. Frank W. Hunt.
Upon his release Jack moved down to Nevada where he finally struck it rich and established several mining camps in Nevada. In 1949 Diamondfield Jack was killed by a taxi cab as he was walking in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Legacy.
An area in the South Hills in present-day Twin Falls County is named after Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="21545235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545235" title="William Chapman">
William Chapman

William Chapman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21545249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545249" title="Run Vibes">
Run Vibes

Run Vibes is a music television show hosted by French Rodee Cox on Télé Réunion on the Reunion Island.
The show has been running since 2005 on the Télé Réunion as well on cable and satellite (CanalSat Réunion). This is a show dedicated to the Music of Réunion, including Hip Hop, Reggae, Dancehall, breakdance and traditional music from Réunion (so sega and maloya). It has led to participation of national and international artists.
Lots of artists have made appearances on the set of Run Vibes, before being known in international circles.
Art work.
The group Futur Crew -Chien Denis Crew- is involved in the theme tune for Run Vibes.
The Alez Krew, realizes the mural graffiti shelf in the studio.
Music.
Rap.
In the broadcast Rap music, it was entitled to several local artists, international, known or unknown to the general public. There have been clashes between crew all corners of the island, for stories of artists who are considered too mainstream compared to people rather underground.
In groups that have moved you could see, Futur Crew, or Le Collectif d'Effet Secondaire, MLK, MAP, SopraSound.
In rap, you can quote from Konix, Dekapit J, ROKO, Atep (which made featurings with Elephant Man and Nicky B) or other lesser-known artists as Nikemsi, Manimal, MasterBass, Chic, Alex, Boobz, Kiro.
In the DJ, there is a passages Dj Korben (member of Chien Denis Crew), which continues to maintain the current Hip Hop and Music of Réunion actuality, through its web 974allstarz.
Dancehall Reggae.
Dancehall Reggae is part of the landscape Run Vibes, there were local artists such as Kaf Malbar (formerly KM David), MalkiJah (who made a featuring with Mr Vegas and another with Manu Key (Mafia K'1 Fry)), Jah Iro (who made a featuring with Kamnouze), Team Riddim, Toguna, and internationally it was right to visit as Daddy Killa, Jamadon, Mighty Ki La, L'homme Paille, Daddy Mory.
In Dj, there have been several interventions by Dj Dan, the inventor of Maloya Dancehall, which is a mixture of folk music of Reunion Island and Jamaican riddim for nightclub.
The presenter of the show: Rodee Cox himself artist Rap / Reggae.
Sega and Maloya.
In the old school of sega and maloya, there is Thierry Gauliris, Ziskakan, Danyèl Waro, Verzonroots, Kom Zot, Baster, Pat'Jaune.<br>
In the new school, François Dal's and Ti Bart.
International.
The international artists are artists from other parts of the Indian Ocean like Mauritius, Seychelles and Madagascar.
Other.
Run Vibes is not limited to music, there are interviews with craft workers, painters, actors in the world of theater and the hosts of the program are also Sidewalks Entertainment.
Social.
Run Vibes is a cultural revolution for the Reunion Island. For young people, is a landmark for those who forget their history because of the consumer society. It appeared for a new way of expressing themselves in releasing languages. Young people are identified with local artists. The dance groups have proliferated, the theater and entertainment scenes opened their doors to this request. For beginners in the world of work is a place for their promotion of their associations or companies. Run Vibes responded to the request of several people little known to the general public. It makes a bridge between the old school Music of Réunion to the new school.
See also.
Music of Réunion

</doc>
<doc id="21545267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545267" title="Hafiz Hakki Pasha">
Hafiz Hakki Pasha

Hafiz Hakki Pasha (, 1879, Bitola, Manastir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire - February 15, 1915; Erzurum) was a General of the Ottoman Empire military.
Hafiz Hakki was a classmate of Enver Pasha, Mahmud Kâmil Pasha, and Fahreddin Pasha. He graduated from the Ottoman Military Academy second in his class (Fahreddin was first, Enver was fourth, Mahmud Kâmil was eighth) and graduated from the Ottoman Military College first in his class (Enver was second, Mahmud Kâmil was fourth, Fahreddin was seventh) on December 5, 1902. He was known as one of the "Freedom Heroes" in 1908.
Hafiz Hakki fought in the Balkan wars in 1912 and then wrote books about how armies should be led.
General Hakkı was one of the Ottoman commanders at the Battle of Sarikamis. At this battle, the large Ottoman army was utterly defeated by a smaller Russian force. During the retreat, the Ottoman army was nearly annihilated, mostly due to bitterly cold temperatures.
Hafız was appointed by Enver Pasha to take over the remnants of the Ottoman army in the Caucasus in early 1915. He died of typhus in Erzerum in 1915 just a few weeks later.

</doc>
<doc id="21545275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545275" title="Pheidologeton diversus">
Pheidologeton diversus

Pheidologeton diversus, common name East Indian harvesting ant, is a species of marauder ant widely distributed throughout Asia. 
Description.
"P. diversus" is a eusocial insect and individuals have continuous allometric variation in size and morphology to facilitate task allocation and partitioning of work. Minor workers are between 1.3 and 2.5 mm in length, but major workers are much larger. Between the smallest minor and largest major workers there are many intermediate forms. The largest workers can have heads approximately 10 times larger than that of their smallest counterparts. The dry weight of a large major worker can be approximately 500 times heavier that of their smallest counterparts. These size-related morphological differences correspond with their division of labor. For example, small, young, minor workers specialize in caring for the larvae but extend their activities as they grow older.
Minor workers have yellowish brown to reddish brown bodies. Their mandibles each have five "teeth" and their antennal scapes are short and do not exceed the posterior margin of the head. Minor workers have rectangular heads with weakly convex posterior margins in full face view
Major workers have reddish brown to blackish brown bodies. Their heads are proportionately larger and almost square with convex posterior margin in frontal view. Mandibles of major workers are large and triangular, with an acute apical "tooth". Their masticatory margins lack distinct "teeth". Their eyes are relatively small and their antennal scapes are half as long as their heads.
Behavior.
"P. diversus" forms large colonies which are often found in soil or under rocks. This species preys on small animals such as insects and also collects nectivorous materials. These ants regularly forms long columns for foraging and sometimes roof these trails with arcades constructed of soil particles. They use pheromone trails to maintain these lines and if these trails are obstructed it causes chaos and crowding. One study showed that 98% of individuals failed to cross an obstacle in the foraging path and that eventually the column creates a detour around such obstructions.
Differences between "Pheidologeton" species and real army ants.
Due to their raids, "Pheidologeton" species are often compared to army ants, but there are some important differences:
Contradictory reports about aggressivity.
"Pheidologeton" species have been described as very aggressive when hunting or defending their nest, but there are contradictory reports about how they react to other ant species: Generally, "Pheidologeton" species are said to avoid fights with other ant species (a keeper has reported he almost lost his colony to a "Lasius niger" invasion and watched "Pheidologeton" evading smaller "Pheidole pieli", but a keeper who intentionally kept "P. diversus" with a "Crematogaster" species in the same terrarium reported that "Pheidologeton" workers had attacked and killed "Crematogaster" workers.)
Range.
"P. diversus" is widely distributed from India through Southeast Asia to Taiwan and the Philippines. Field records of it occurring Japan are limited although it has been found on two very southern points: Okinawa Island and on Chicchi-jima Island. Specimens taken at the Camp Zama U.S. Air Force base in Kanagawa Prefecture are believed to have originated from commercial introduction from Southeast Asia.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies have been noted:
Keeping in a terrarium.
Regarded as "pseudo-army-ants," "Pheidologeton diversus" and "Pheidologeton affinis" are popular pets, but they are said to be very sensitive and difficult to keep; even some experienced antkeepers have lost their colonies just after a few months.

</doc>
<doc id="21545276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545276" title="2009 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles">
2009 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles

Andy Roddick was the defending champion, but chose not to participate to protest the United Arab Emirates decision to deny Israeli player Shahar Pe'er a visa to enter the country for the women's tournament.
In the final, Novak Djokovic defeated David Ferrer, 7–5, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="21545286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545286" title="Joseph T. Dipiro">
Joseph T. Dipiro

Joseph T. DiPiro is Professor and Executive Dean of the South Carolina College of Pharmacy, an integrated program of the Colleges of Pharmacy of the University of South Carolina and the Medical University of South Carolina.
Education.
DiPiro received his Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from the University of Connecticut and Doctor of Pharmacy from the University of Kentucky. He served a residency at the University of Kentucky Medical Center and a fellowship in Clinical Immunology at Johns Hopkins University.
Career.
Before coming to South Carolina, DiPiro was the Panoz Professor of Pharmacy at the University of Georgia College of Pharmacy and Clinical Professor of Surgery at the Medical College of Georgia. While there, he was also Assistant Dean for the College of Pharmacy and the School of Medicine at the Medical College of Georgia, and Head, Department of Clinical and Administrative Pharmacy.
Writing.
DiPiro is the editor of "The American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education", the official publication of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy. DiPiro has published more than 200 articles in academic and professional journals, mainly related to antibiotics, drug use in surgery, various issues in pharmacy practice, and pharmacy education.
His papers have appeared in "Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy", "Pharmacotherapy", "Critical Care Medicine", "JAMA", "Annals of Surgery", "Archives of Surgery", "American Journal of Surgery", "Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics", and "Surgical Infections".
"Pharmacotherapy: A Pathophysiologic Approach", for which DiPiro is the senior editor, is used by American pharmacy students and is in its 8th edition. He is also the author of "Concepts in Clinical Pharmacokinetics" and editor of the "Encyclopedia of Clinical Pharmacy".
Membership's and awards.
DiPiro is the Past President of the American College of Clinical Pharmacy. He is also a Fellow of the College and has served on the Research Institute Board of Trustees. He has been a member of the Surgical Infection Society Therapeutic Agents Committee and the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, having served on the Commission on Therapeutics and the Task Force on Science. In 2002, the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy selected Dean DiPiro for the Robert K. Chalmers Distinguished Educator Award. He has also received the Russell R. Miller Literature Award and the Education Award from the American College of Clinical Pharmacy, the Award for Sustained Contributions to the Literature from the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists.

</doc>
<doc id="21545290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545290" title="Lady of Knock">
Lady of Knock

Lady of Knock (Irish: "Banthiarna Cnoic") is a Marian hymn to Our Lady of Knock, written by Irish singer Dana Rosemary Scallon. The hymn is popular with some Irish Catholics, especially at funeral services. The song tells of the story of Knock in County Mayo, Ireland where there was an apparation of the Virgin Mary, Saint Joseph and St. John the Evangelist at the south gable of Knock Parish Church in 1879. 

</doc>
<doc id="21545308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545308" title="Kitui South Constituency">
Kitui South Constituency

Kitui South Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kitui County. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections. At the 1988 and 1992 elections it was known as Mutomo Constituency. The constituency has six wards, all electing councillors for the Kitui County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="21545318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545318" title="Eamonn Coogan">
Eamonn Coogan

Eamonn Coogan (1896 – 22 January 1948) was an Irish Fine Gael politician, barrister and Deputy Commissioner of the Garda Síochána. He was born in Castlecomer, County Kilkenny. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kilkenny constituency at the 1944 general election. He died during the 1948 general election campaign. His son is the author Tim Pat Coogan.

</doc>
<doc id="21545326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545326" title="Nelly Ciobanu">
Nelly Ciobanu

Nelly Ciobanu (born October 28, 1974) is a Moldovan singer. Ciobanu graduated from music college of the city of Tiraspol. Nelly made her debut on stage in 1993, with her brother as part of duo "Master Dinamit". She represented Moldova in the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.
Biography.
Career.
Ciobanu is a winner of multiple international competitions: in 1998 won second prize at the festival "Yalta - 98" (Ukraine), 1999 "Grand Prix" at the "Discovery" in Bulgaria (for the performance of a song of composer Liviu Stirbu ), the second prize at the festival "Voice of Asia" (Almaty, Kazakhstan), in 2000 - the first prize at the festival "Slavic Bazaar" in Belarus, the bronze medal of "Delphian Games" in Russia, in 2002, the golden prize of the festival "Spring of April" (North Korea), in 2003 - second prize at the festival "New Wave" in Jūrmala, the Grand Prix of K. Shulzhenko contest (Kharkiv, Ukraine), second place in national pre-selection for Eurovision Song Contest 2005, was jury member at "Five Stars. Sings in 11 languages: Romanian, Russian, English, Italian, and even Korean. She has toured with many Russian artists and international stars such as Patricia Kaas and Mike Bolton. On 24 December 2005 her daughter, Mirela Christiana was born.
Eurovision 2009.
Nelly Ciobanu represented Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia with the song "Hora Din Moldova" which was written by her and composed by Veaceslav Daniliuc. She ranked 14th with 69 points in the Final.
Eurovision 2012.
It was announced on 16 January 2012 that Nelly Ciobanu would try to represent Moldova once more, with the song "Turn on the light"

</doc>
<doc id="21545329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545329" title="Tasmanian masked owl">
Tasmanian masked owl

The Tasmanian Masked Owl ("Tyto novaehollandiae castanops") is a bird in the barn-owl family Tytonidae that is endemic to the island state of Tasmania, Australia. It is the largest subspecies of the Australian Masked Owl, the largest "Tyto" owl in the world, and is sometimes considered a full species. The subspecific name "castanops", meaning “chestnut-faced”, comes from the colouring of the facial disc. It was first described by John Gould (as "Strix castanops"), who wrote about it in his “Handbook to the Birds of Australia” as
”…a species distinguished from all the other members of its genus by its great size and powerful form. Probably few of the Raptorial birds, with the exception of the Eagles, are more formidable or more sanguinary in disposition."
"Forests of large but thinly scattered trees, skirting plains and open districts, constitute its natural habitat. Strictly nocturnal in its habits, as night approaches it sallies forth from the hollows of the large gum-trees, and flaps slowly and noiselessly over the plains and swamps in search of its prey, which consists of rats and small quadrupeds generally.”
Description.
Tasmanian Masked Owls are not only large, but robust. They closely resemble a barn owl, however are many times larger. They weigh up to with a wingspan of up to . Their plumage is mainly a variable combination of browns and greys, generally darker than the other Australian subspecies. Their upperparts are dark brown to pale chestnut, with white speckling. Females are considerably darker, as well as larger, than the males, ranging from in length, compared with the males’ . They have broad, black-bordered, buff to chestnut facial discs, and fully feathered legs with powerful feet and long talons.
Distribution and habitat.
The natural range of the owl is limited to Tasmania, where it has been recorded throughout the state, with the exception of the south-west. The owls inhabit both wet and dry eucalypt forests, woodlands and adjoining areas of agricultural land. Preferred habitat is areas close to the forest edge, containing a mosaic of understorey components. They require large old-growth trees with capacious hollows for nesting. The home range of a breeding pair may be more than ; areas identified as important for breeding include the east coast between Hobart and St Marys, the Derwent and Huon Valleys and the mid-north coast, as well as fragmented patches in the Tamar Valley and the north-east coast. It has been recorded from Maria and Bruny Islands.
The owl has also been successfully introduced to Lord Howe Island, a subtropical territory of New South Wales in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
Behaviour.
The owls are secretive, relatively silent, and strictly nocturnal birds. They roost during the day, usually in trees in dense foliage or hollows, as well as in rocky overhangs and caves, and occasionally in farm sheds and other open buildings.
Breeding.
The owls breed as territorial and monogamous pairs. They nest in large tree hollows with a floor of decaying wood debris. The female is fed by the male while incubating a clutch of 2-4 eggs for about 42 days before hatching. The chicks are covered in, at first, white, then creamy down, and fledge in 10–12 weeks. Fledged owls with traces of down may remain in the vicinity of the nest for several weeks. Breeding is seasonal with most eggs laid in spring from late October to early November.
Anecdotally, Tasmanian Masked Owls were first bred in captivity in 1945 in Launceston by Miss Audrey Lee. However, the first detailed account of such an achievement is by David Fleay, who bred them at the Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria in 1946.
Feeding.
The owls hunt at night, preying on a wide range of animals, from insects to mammals as large as rabbits, bandicoots and brushtail possums. The main diet includes introduced rodents and rabbits in agricultural areas, and marsupials and native birds in less disturbed habitats. They often hunt from perches using sound to detect prey, which is usually taken on the ground by striking with the feet and using the talons to pierce and kill.
Voice.
Among their calls, Tasmanian Masked Owls utter a loud, rich, hissing or rasping screech, the call of the female being deeper and harsher than that of the male. They also snap their beaks loudly as a warning against perceived threats.
Status and conservation.
Tasmania.
The Tasmanian Masked Owl is considered to be Endangered under the Tasmanian Threatened Species Protection Act 1995, because of its small population (estimated at about 1330 breeding birds, or 615 pairs) as well as ongoing habitat loss, especially of old-growth forest suitable for breeding. An important conservation need is to maintain nesting habitat in production forests. It is also threatened by competition for nest hollows by feral bees, kookaburras and possums.
Lord Howe Island.
Between December 1922 and October 1930 almost 100 Masked Owls, mostly from Tasmania, were introduced to Lord Howe Island in an unsuccessful attempt to control Black Rats. The population there is considered to be a threat to the endemic Lord Howe Woodhen and Lord Howe Currawong, as well as to breeding seabirds, and is culled when possible.

</doc>
<doc id="21545332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545332" title="Alexandru Callimachi">
Alexandru Callimachi

Alexandru Callimachi (1737 – 12 December 1821) was Prince of Moldavia during the period of 6 May 1795 through 18 March 1799.
Early years.
Alexandru Callimachi was born in Constantinople, the capital of the Ottoman Empire. His family were an established Moldavian-Greek Phanariote boyar and princely house. He was the son of Ioan Teodor Callimachi, Prince of Moldavia, and Raliţa Chrisoscoleo. Alexandru had three siblings: Grigore Callimachi (1735–1769), Prince of Moldavia; sister, Sevastiţa (born 1736), who married Mihai Suţu, Prince of Moldavia; and sister, Maria (1740–1831). His uncle Gavriil Callimachi (1689–1786) was a monk at Putna Monastery before he founded the St. George Cathedral in Iaşi.
Career.
Callimachi served as Grand Dragoman of the Sublime Porte from 1785 to 1794. He gained the title of Prince of Moldavia in 1795. After Callimachi was deposed, he was succeeded by son-in-law Constantine Ypsilantis.
With his reign over, Callimachi retired to Constantinople.
Personal life.
Callimachi sealed a matrimonial alliance with his marriage to Elena Ghika, daughter of Scarlat Ghika Vodǎ, Prince of Moldavia and Prince of Wallachia. They had four children. Their oldest was daughter, Ralu (1769–1797), who married Ypsilantis in 1783. Their first son, the hospodar Scarlat Callimachi, was Prince of Moldavia at three different times, while Scarlat's son Alexandros was conferred the Ottoman title of Bala in June 1861, the first Christian to be so honored. They had two younger children, daughter, Eufrosina (1776–1835), and son, Ioan (1775–1821).
Callimachi died in Bolu in 1821, the same year that Phanariote rule ended with the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="21545333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545333" title="Delia's">
Delia's

Delia's, Inc. (stylized as dELiA*s) is a direct marketing and retail company composed of two lifestyle brands primarily targeting girls and young women around the ages of 13 to 19. Delia's is also popular among college women, as many of its clothing and accessories are mature and affordable for college-age students. It is the leading marketer to teenage girls in the United States, selling to 10-24-year-old females.
Products.
dELiA*s generates a revenue by selling apparel (including pants, shorts, skirts, tees, jackets, blazers, and bikini tops and bottoms), accessories, footwear (including shoes and boots), makeup, and room furnishings to teenage consumers through direct mail catalogs, websites, and, for dELiA*s, mall-based specialty retail stores. Its clothing has a casual, vintage feel, and is affordable.
History.
The company was launched in 1993 by two Yale University graduates. The company was acquired by Alloy Inc. in 2003, for $50 million. The combined company had annual catalog, internet, and retail sales of $300 million. It also had a database of over 20 million names, constituting 30%–40% of U.S. consumers who were 12–18 years old. Alloy then spun off the company in 2005. 
On December 29, 2005, the company announced that the Securities and Exchange Commission declared effective on December 29, 2005 the Post-Effective Amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-1.
In January 2013 HRSH Acquisitions LLC bought Alloy Inc, now being marketed as Alloy Apparel, for $3.7 million in cash. HRSH also assumed $3.1 million in liabilities.
Branding.
One company trademark is its Gen Y understanding, as reflected in its use of the internet for furthering brand identity. It direct-marketed teenage girls, and then in 1998 launched the non-commercialized girls website gURL.com which focuses on issues such and sports and dating, and which it linked to its own homepage. In 2001 it sold gURL.com to the parent company of "Seventeen Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="21545335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545335" title="Ministry of Mines and Mining Development (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Mines and Mining Development (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Mines and Mining Development is thee government ministry, responsible for mines and mining in Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Obert Mpofu and the deputy minister is Gift Chimanikire. It oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21545343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545343" title="Ministry of National Housing and Social Amenities (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of National Housing and Social Amenities (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of National Housing and Social Amenities is a government ministry, responsible for housing and community infrastructure in Zimbabwe. The incumbent is Fidelis Mhashu.
References.
Minister of national housing and social aminities is Hon Giles Mutsekwa not Fidelis Mhashu

</doc>
<doc id="21545346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545346" title="Luggate">
Luggate

The Luggate 'Grandview Bridge' is a local icon listed highly in the Queenstown Lakes District Council's Historic Register. It was opened on October 28, 1915, and has been described as "one of the most attractively proportioned steel truss road bridges in the country." It is 103.7 metres long, and features a 61 metre Baltimore through truss, another 30.5m truss and a 12.2m rolled steel joist end span.

</doc>
<doc id="21545352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545352" title="Alfred Rawlinson (bishop)">
Alfred Rawlinson (bishop)

Alfred Edward John Rawlinson was the second Bishop of Derby from 1935 until 1959.
Biography.
Born on 17 July 1884 and educated at Dulwich College and Corpus Christi College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1910. His career began as a tutor at Keble College, Oxford. Further academic posts at Christ Church, Oxford and his old college followed until 1929 when he was appointed a Canon Residentiary at Durham Cathedral and Archdeacon of Auckland.
An eminent scholar, he died on 17 July 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="21545370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545370" title="American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures">
American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures

The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures is an ongoing project by the American Film Institute since the late 1960s to catalog all commercially made American motion pictures from the earliest days of the industry to the present. It has been published as both a series of hardcover books and as an online database file.
Each entry in the catalog typically includes the film's title, physical description, production and distribution companies, production and release dates, personal credits, a plot summary, and notes on the film's history. The films are indexed by personal credits, production and distribution companies, year of release, and major and minor plot subjects.
To qualify for the "Feature Films" volumes, a film must have been commercially made by an American company, and given a theatrical release in 35 mm or larger gauge to the general public, with a running time of at least 40 minutes.
The hardcover volumes published so far:
The publication of the hardcover volumes was suspended due to budgetary reasons after volume F4 in 1997. Feature films released from 1951 through 1960, and from 1971 through 1973 have been cataloged only in the online database. The project estimates that additional years will be cataloged at six-month intervals.
The project will also eventually catalog short films (beyond 1910) and newsreels.

</doc>
<doc id="21545379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545379" title="Sudden Sway">
Sudden Sway

Sudden Sway were a pop group from Peterborough, England, formed in 1980. They recorded two sessions for John Peel and released three albums before splitting up in the early 1990s.
History.
The band was formed in 1980 by Mike McGuire (vocals) and Steve Rolls (Guitar) after disbanding 1st generation punk band The Now. They recruited Pete Jostins (Bass), Shaun Foreman (Guitar & Keyboards) and Colin Meech (Drums), with various others contributing in their early days. They were initially influenced by bands such as A Certain Ratio and Shriekback. Their first releases were two self-financed singles, "Janie's Third Party" and the "To You, With Regard" EP, in 1980 and 1981 respectively. The latter was sufficiently successful to attract major-label interest from CBS and Virgin Records, but after a further single on their own 'Chant' label, and with guitarist Simon Childs added as a permanent member, they signed a deal with Warners subsidiary Blanco y Negro, debuting on the label in 1986 with eight versions of the single "Sing Song". After releasing the "Spacemate" package - a double LP, book, poster, set of cards and instruction manual, packaged together in a soap box container and designed by Jon Wozencroft, the band moved on to indie label Rough Trade Records, where they would stay for the rest of their career. Their fondness for remixes was evident on their first Rough Trade release, a 7-inch EP featuring eight, 1 minute songs and titles "Autumn Cut Back Job Lot Offer", released in early 1987. The following year, they released their second album, '"76 Kids Forever", which they described as a "soap opera musical". With Childs departing, the band continued for one final effort, 1990's "Ko-Opera" album, before splitting up.
The band recorded two sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 programme, in 1983 and 1984, the first released as an EP on in 1986. They also made an appearance on "Whistle Test", performing "Packet of Vacuum".

</doc>
<doc id="21545385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545385" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is a government ministry, responsible for the foreign relations of Zimbabwe. The incumbent minister is Samuel Mumbengegwi and the deputy minister is Moses Ndlovu. It oversees the
diplomatic missions of Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="21545396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545396" title="Ministry of Media, Information and Publicity (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Media, Information and Publicity (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Information and Publicity is a government ministry, responsible for media in Zimbabwe and government public relations. The incumbent minister is Webster Shamu and the deputy minister is Jameson Timba. It oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21545407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545407" title="Ministry of Lands and Land Resettlement (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Lands and Land Resettlement (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Lands and Land Resettlement is a government ministry, responsible for land reform in Zimbabwe. The incumbent is Herbert Murerwa.

</doc>
<doc id="21545408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545408" title="Ministry of Water Resources and Development (Zimbabwe)">
Ministry of Water Resources and Development (Zimbabwe)

The Ministry of Water Resources and Development is a government ministry, responsible for water resources management and rural development in Zimbabwe. The incumbent is Joel Gabuza. It oversees:

</doc>
<doc id="21545432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545432" title="Edwards Rail Car Company (1997–2008)">
Edwards Rail Car Company (1997–2008)

Edwards Rail Car Company (1997–2008) was located in Montgomery, Alabama, specializing in the manufacture of self-propelled rail cars patterned after original Edwards designs dating from the mid-1920s. Edward's also restored and manufactured other types of rail cars, including streetcars.
Rebirth of the Edwards Company came in the fall of 1997 when Vintage Rail Consultant Steven Torrico saw and rode on his first Edwards car, an ex-CB&Q Model-25. 2008 was the last year of manufacturing at the Montgomery facility.
As of 12/1/08 Edwards Rail Car no longer manufacturers rail cars at the Montgomery facility. Current plans are to relocate to the original Edwards facility in Sanford, North Carolina.
Rail cars.
The standard Edwards Rail Car was designed and recommended for branch line service where traffic requirements are within its capacity, for high speed operation, on roadbeds where the grades are not too severe.
Three types of propulsion systems, mechanical, Diesel-electric or hydrostatic driven were available. The mechanically driven car employs the use of engine, transmission, final drive gear box with sprockets and chains to deliver power to the driving wheels. Cars equipped with electric propulsion have an engine which turns a generator for providing electricity for the traction motors. Hydrostatic propulsion employs the use of diesel engine to power a hydraulic pump which supplies pressurized fluid to two 100 H.P. hydraulic motors on the front truck, in place of the final drive gear box as per the mechanical set-up for the standard Model-20.
Streetcars.
Edwards Rail Car Company manufactured several streetcars, to a modified Peter Witt streetcar design.
Restoration services.
Edwards Rail Car was awarded a contract to facilitate some aspects of the restoration of John Ringling's private business car, the Wisconsin. Originally built by Pullman in 1905, it was used by the Ringling family for travel with the circus. The Wisconsin is on display at the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art in Sarasota, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21545459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545459" title="Faber Chidarikire">
Faber Chidarikire

Faber Edmond Chidarikire is the Provincial Governor and resident minister of Mashonaland West, Zimbabwe. He is a member of the ZANU-PF party and an "ex officio" member of the Senate of Zimbabwe. He had a brother called Phillip Edmond Chidarikire who died in 2003 in a car accident.
Political career.
Faber Edmond Chidarikire's political career began in 1994 when he was elected executive mayor of Chinhoyi. He held this office for 4 years before stepping down. His brother Philip Edmond Chidarikire strongly advised him not to go back to active politics but instead to focus on his business empire. Philip Edmond Chidarikire was also a prominent businessman in Mashonaland West province. He died in a horrible car accident near Kutama College in 2003. Philip Edmond Chidarikire was declared a Provincial Hero for his contribution to the development of Mashonaland West business sector.
Faber Chidarikire decided to go back to politics and in 2004 he was elected Member of Parliament for Chinhoyi. He held this office until 13 February 2009 when he was appointed Governor and Resident Minister of Mashonaland West Province.

</doc>
<doc id="21545467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545467" title="Lithuanian partisans">
Lithuanian partisans

The Lithuanian partisans were partisans who waged a guerrilla warfare in Lithuania against the Soviet Union in 1944–1953. Similar anti-Soviet resistance groups, also known as Forest Brothers and cursed soldiers, fought against Soviet rule in Estonia, Latvia, Poland, Romania and Galicia. It is estimated that a total of 30,000 Lithuanian partisans and their supporters were killed.
At the end of World War II, the Red Army pushed the Eastern Front towards Lithuania. The Soviets invaded and occupied Lithuania by the end of 1944. As forced conscription into Red Army and Stalinist repressions intensified, thousands of Lithuanians used forests in the countryside as a natural refuge. These spontaneous groups became more organized and centralized culminating in the establishment of the Union of Lithuanian Freedom Fighters in February 1948. In their documents, the partisans emphasized that their ultimate goal is recreation of independent Lithuania. As the partisan war continued, it became clear that the West would not interfere in Eastern Europe (see Western betrayal) and that the partisans had no chance of success against the far stronger opponent. Eventually, the partisans made an explicit and conscious decision not to accept any new members. The leadership of the partisans was destroyed in 1953 thus effectively ending the partisan war, though individual fighters held out until 1960s. 
Background.
Lithuania had regained its independence in 1918 after the collapse of the Russian Empire. As pre-war tensions rose in Europe, Nazi Germany and Soviet Union signed the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact and divided Eastern Europe into spheres of influence. Subsequently, Lithuania was occupied by the Soviet Union in June 1940. The Soviets instituted Sovietization policies and repressions. In June 1941, the Soviets deported over 17,000 Lithuanians for forced labor to remote areas in Siberia. When a few days later Germany launched an invasion of Russia, Lithuanians organized a popular anti-Soviet uprising. Initially, the Lithuanians greeted the Germans as liberators from the repressive Soviet rule and made plans to reestablish independent Lithuania. However, the attitudes soon changed as the occupation of Lithuania by Nazi Germany continued. 
Unlike Estonia and Latvia where the Germans conscripted the local population into military formations within "Waffen-SS", Lithuania boycotted German recruitment calls and never had its own "Waffen-SS" division. In 1944, the Nazi authorities created a 10,000-strong Lithuanian Territorial Defense Force under General Povilas Plechavičius to combat Soviet partisans led by Antanas Sniečkus and Polish partisans (Leśni). The Germans, however, quickly came to see this force as a nationalist threat to their occupation regime. The senior staff were arrested on May 15, 1944, and General Plechavičius was deported to the concentration camp in Salaspils, Latvia. However, approximately half of the remaining Defense Force formed guerrilla units and dissolved into the countryside in preparation for partisan operations against the Soviet Army as the Eastern Front approached. These men formed the basis for the Lithuanian partisans.
Organization.
The resistance in Lithuania was well organized, and the uniformed with chain of command guerrilla units were effectively able to control whole regions of the countryside until 1949. Their armaments included Czech Skoda guns, Russian Maxim heavy machine guns, assorted mortars and a wide variety of mainly German and Soviet light machine guns and submachine guns. When not in direct battles with the Soviet Army or special NKVD units, they significantly delayed the consolidation of Soviet rule through ambush, sabotage, assassination of local Communist activists and officials, freeing imprisoned guerillas, and printing underground newspapers. Captured Lithuanian "Forest Brothers" themselves often faced torture and summary execution while their relatives faced deportation to Siberia (cf. quotation). Reprisals against pro-Soviet farms and villages were harsh. The NKVD units, Destruction battalions (known by the Lithuanians as pl. "stribai", from the - "destroyers") used shock tactics to discourage further resistance such as displaying executed partisans' corpses in village courtyards.
Armed resistance.
Rise: summer 1944 – summer 1946.
In the first year of the partisan warfare, while World War II was still ongoing, about 10,000 Lithuanians were killed – about half of the total deaths. Men avoided conscription to the Red Army and instead hid in the forests and spontaneously joined the Lithuanian partisans. Not all groups were armed or intended to actively fight the Soviets. Partisan groups were relatively large, 100 men and more. There were several larger open engagements between the partisans and NKVD, including those in Kalniškė, Paliepiai, Seda, Virtukai. Since the Soviets had not yet established their control, the partisans were able to control villages and towns. 
In July 1945, after the end of World War II, the Soviets announced "amnesty" and "legalization" campaign for those hiding in the forests to avoid conscription. According to a Soviet report from 1957, in total 38,838 people came forward under the campaign (8,350 of them were classified as "armed nationalist bandits" and 30,488 as deserters avoiding conscription). 
Maturity: summer 1946–1948.
In the second stage of the partisan warfare, the partisan groups became smaller but better organized. They organized themselves into units and districts and sought better centralization. The territory of Lithuania was divided into three regions and nine districts ():
Open engagements with NKVD/MGB were replaced by more clandestine activities. It was important to keep people's spirits. Therefore, the partisans hid in bunkers and engaged in more political and propaganda activities. In particular they protested and disrupted elections to the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union in February 1946 and to the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR in February 1947. They published various bulletins, leaflets, newspapers. In total, there were almost 80 different periodicals published by the partisans. MGB also changed its tactics. It began to recruit agents and organize destruction battalions. The partisans responded by organizing reprisal actions against the collaborators with the Soviets. It is estimated that the partisans killed a total of 19,000 such collaborators. This aspect of the partisan warfare allowed the Soviets to portray the guerrilla fighters as "murderous bandits" and remains controversial to this day. 
Decline: 1949–1953.
In February 1948, partisan leaders met in the village of Minaičiai and established the centralized command, the Union of Lithuanian Freedom Fighters. Brigadier General Jonas Žemaitis was elected as its chairman. On February 16, 1949, the 31st anniversary of the Act of Independence of Lithuania, the Joint Staff of the Union of Lithuanian Freedom Fighters signed a declaration on the future of Lithuania. The declaration stated that reinstated Lithuania should be a democratic state, that would grant equal rights for every citizen, based on freedom and democratic values. It did declare that Communist party is a criminal organization. The document of the declaration has survived and was preserved by the KGB. In 1999, the Lithuanian Seimas (parliament) formally recognized this declaration as Declaration of Independence.
Juozas Lukša was among those who managed to escape to Western states; he wrote his memoirs there and was killed after having returned to occupied Lithuania in 1951. By the early 1950s, the Soviet forces had eradicated most of the Lithuanian nationalist resistance. Intelligence gathered by the Soviet spies in the West and KGB infiltrators within the resistance movement, in combination with large-scale Soviet operations in 1952 managed to end the campaigns against them.
Adolfas Ramanauskas (code name "Vanagas"), the last official commander of the Union of Lithuanian Freedom Fighters, was arrested in October 1956 and executed in November 1957. The last Lithuanian anti-Soviet resistance fighters killed in action were Pranas Končius (code name "Adomas") and Kostas Liuberskis (code name "Žvainys"). Končius was killed on July 6, 1965 (some sources indicate he shot himself in order to avoid capture) and awarded the Cross of Vytis in 2000. Liuberskis was killed on October 2, 1969; his fate was unknown until late 2000s. Stasys Guiga (code name "Tarzanas"), the last known partisan, died in hiding in 1986.
Aftermath, memorials and remembrances.
Many nationalist partisans persisted in the hope that Cold War hostilities between the West, which never formally recognized the Soviet occupation, and the Soviet Union might escalate to an armed conflict in which Lithuania would be liberated. This never materialized, many of the surviving former partisans remained bitter that the West did not take on the Soviets militarily.
As the conflict was relatively undocumented by the Soviet Union (the Lithuanian fighters were never formally acknowledged as anything but "bandits and illegals"), some consider it and the Soviet-Lithuanian conflict as a whole to be an unknown or forgotten war. Discussion of resistance was suppressed under the Soviet regime. Writings on the subject by the Lithuanian emigrants were often labelled as examples of "ethnic sympathy" and disregarded.
In Lithuania, freedom fighter veterans receive a state pension. The third Sunday in May is commemorated as Partisan's Day. As of 2005, there were about 350 surviving partisans in Lithuania.
Dramatizations.
The 1966 film "Nobody Wanted to Die" () by Soviet-Lithuanian film director Vytautas Žalakevičius shows the tragedy of the conflict in which "a brother goes against the brother". Despite being shot from a Soviet perspective, the film gives many hints that allude to the possibility of alternative points of view. The film brought acclaim to Žalakevičius, and to a number of young Lithuanian actors starring in the film.
The 2004 film "Utterly Alone" () portrays the travails of Lithuanian partisan leader Juozas Lukša who traveled twice to Western Europe in attempts to gain support for the armed resistance.
The 2005 documentary film "Stirna" tells the story of Izabelė Vilimaitė (codenames "Stirna" and "Sparnuota"), an American-born Lithuanian who moved to Lithuania with her family in 1932. A medical student and pharmacist, she was an underground medic and source of medical supplies for the partisans, eventually becoming a district liaison. She infiltrated the local Komsomol (Communist Youth), was discovered, captured, and escaped twice. After going underground full-time, she was suspected of having been turned by the KGB as an informant and was nearly executed by the partisans. Her bunker was eventually discovered by the KGB and she was captured a third time, interrogated and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="21545468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545468" title="Michelle Wibowo">
Michelle Wibowo

Michelle Wibowo (born 1978, Indonesia) is a British sugar craft artist whose specialty is making sculpted cakes and sugar sculpture
Biography.
She graduated from the National Bakery School and begin career in cake decorating in London. 
Her first international success was in October 2008 when she was awarded a gold and silver medal for her creations in International Exhibition of Culinary Art in Germany. She created a lifesize hound dog shape sugar sculpture which won her gold and picked up silver for a cake of Elizabeth I of England.
In July 2009, she created a giant cupcake measuring 2 meters by 1.25 meters, to feed thousands of Covent Garden real food market visitor.
In September 2010, Wibowo's creation is on display as part of Experimental Food Society Spectacular with other Britain's leading food artist.

</doc>
<doc id="21545471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545471" title="Gehan Rateb">
Gehan Rateb

Gehan Hassan Rateb () (born January 17, 1975) is an Egyptian actress, singer, and composer. Gehan Rateb is one of the most famous Middle Eastern artists of her time, as she was one of the leading artists to bring back acting and singing career in one, and became an idol to follow her steps by other female artists in Egypt.
In 1994 Gehan started as a TV. Host at ART Arab Radio & Television for one year, She did not feel that she is in the right place & decided to quit & work in Marketing & Investments. Gehan have been offered a role in limited budget movie called ""Horoob ma Sabk El-Esrar"" that was exclusively broadcast on ART and it brought her back to the light on 1999 but this time as a supportive actress. In 2000, Gehan was presented in her second movie ""Alashan Rabena Yehebak"" for the first role. Gehan performed later a number of movies, TV Series & Theatre as well. In 2006 Gehan released her first music video " Sibak " which was made in New York at the Times square, Gehan also adapted the American culture in her music video story board as she danced as a pole dancer. The music video was a big hit in the Middle East, & was a subject of great press arguments; at the same time, Gehan became an innovator & a fashion leader for the Arab female Artist & also a seduction icon. Which made her decide to grab the attention to her music more than to her body, so she Released her second music video " Wala Yehemak " which was made in Torino – Italy, Gehan was very picky for the lyrics to have a message behind.
Gehan release her first Album "Malak" in 2008, " Matigy Ahebak " and " El Aroosa " met a great success & was reproduced in foreign countries, and was remixed by many of the worlds top DJs. Which paved the way for Gehan to receive many collaboration requests internationally, & released her song ""Ana Wayak"" in collaboration with the German Producer Jannes Amadeus on January 2009.
Gehan has other talents, she compose the music of some of her songs like " Rage3 Lih "and " Haool Ya lil "and also write the lyrics of some of her songs such as Ana Wayak "
Early life.
Gehan Rateb was born 1975 in Cairo, Egypt. Her Native Language is Arabic, she speaks English fluently & also studied French & Italian as supporting languages. Her father was of a mixed cultured Architecture, as he had an Egyptian father & an Italian mother; he died in 1995. Her mother is a housewife but had a hot couture project for some time of her life. Gehan had one sister only who is almost three years older than she is.
Gehan graduated from the Faculty of Arts English Literature Dept, from Ain Shams University, & also got The American Diploma In Marketing & Salesmanship from the American University in Cairo, she also Had her Professional free studies in Forex Trading.
Gehan started playing her first instrument when she was three years old at Maria Oselia Treatchy, the Italian Nuns School. Since then, she never lived away from music or away of stage and life performance, till she was graduated from college.
Discography.
Albums.
"Malak"(2008).
Malak was released February 2008, it contains 9 Tracks and was Produced & Distributed by Global Wide and the Label is owned by Gehan Rateb.
References.
1. http://www.Gehanrateb.com – Gehan Rateb ‘s Personal & Official Website
2. http://www.gehanratebforum.tk – Gehan Rateb Official Fan’s Club
3. http://www.Elcinema.com – The online Arab Cinema encyclopedia
4.http://www.egyfilm.com – The most famous Film Forum in the middle east
5. http://www.egycinemas.com – The Ultimate Egyptian Cinema Guide For Movies and Theaters online

</doc>
<doc id="21545482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545482" title="2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup">
2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup

The 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup women's football tournament is the second such tournament, and was held in Trinidad and Tobago from September 5–25, 2010. Sixteen teams, comprising representatives from all six confederations, took part in the final competition, in which Trinidad and Tobago had a guaranteed place as the host nation.
Qualified teams.
On 30 June 2010, President of Nigeria Goodluck Jonathan announced he would suspend the Nigeria Football Federation from FIFA competition for 2 years. This put the Flamingoes place at the competition in jeopardy. On 5 July 2010, the ban was lifted.
Venues.
During preparation four stadia were constructed in 2001. These four venues along with Hasely Crawford Stadium in Port of Spain, Trinidad are the venues for the women's competition.
Group stage.
The opening phase of the tournament comprised four groups of four teams, with the top two sides in each section advancing to the quarter-finals. The final draw to determine the groups took place in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago on May 5, 2010.
Tie breakers in the group stage are:
If more than two or more teams are still tied after that:
Group A.
Match times are local time (UTC−4).
Group B.
Match times are local time (UTC−4).
Group C.
Match times are local time (UTC−4).
Group D.
Match times are local time (UTC−4).
Awards.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21545490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545490" title="Buje, Pivka">
Buje, Pivka

Buje is a small village in the Municipality of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Florian and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21545491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545491" title="Martin Dinha">
Martin Dinha

Martin Dinha is the Provincial Governor and resident minister of Mashonaland Central, Zimbabwe . He is a member of the ZANU-PF party and an "ex officio" member of the Senate of Zimbabwe. He is a former Mayor of Bindura.

</doc>
<doc id="21545496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545496" title="Willard Chiwewe">
Willard Chiwewe

Willard Chiwewe is the Provincial Governor and resident minister of Masvingo, Zimbabwe. He is a member of the ZANU-PF party and an "ex officio" member of the Senate of Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="21545514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545514" title="The Daughters of St. Mary">
The Daughters of St. Mary

The Daughters of St. Mary (Deir Banat Maryam) is a Coptic community of nuns based in Beni Suef, Egypt.
History.
Bishop Athanasius founded The Daughters of St. Mary during the feast of the Holy Cross (March 19, 1965) with the blessing of then Patriarch Kyrillos VI, and initiated their first women in 1970. In 1974, a new facility was built, creating outreach programs for the poor, the elderly, orphans, and mentally handicapped individuals. Since then, the community has expanded their operation to Cairo, Mukattam, and Turah. Bishop Athanasius oversaw the nuns until his death on 16 November 2000.
Social Works.
The Daughters of St. Mary run several social projects as form of khedma, which in a Coptic context means “service as an act for God." Their services include “clinics and mobile clinics, nurseries, elementary schools, schools for vocational training, a crafts center, and projects for the mentally , for elderly people who are physically or mentally disabled, and for young women and men." The nuns gear their social servers toward the disadvantaged groups within Egyptian society. For example, their medical facilities are often less expensive than government sponsored facilities, and the nuns provide better care for their patients. Furthermore, their services often reach groups marginalized by social taboos, such as mentally handicapped children who cannot find adequate care in Beni Suef.
Differences From Other Coptic Nuns.
The goal of The Daughters of St. Mary is to practice monasticism while serving the Coptic community by combating poverty, sickness, and furthering social justice. Their community service allows the nuns to interact with the secular world, unlike other Coptic nuns, who spend most of their time cloistered in convents, praying for the world. Their dress is less constricting then other Coptic nuns, which allows them maneuverability to carry out their social projects. Their clothes are also gray rather than black, to symbolize their participation in the secular world.
Although called nuns - the Daughters of St. Mary are officially Deaconesses, and are usually called 'Tasooni' - which means sister in Coptic.

</doc>
<doc id="21545515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545515" title="Rotorua Girls' High School">
Rotorua Girls' High School

Rotorua Girls' High School is a state school educating girls from Year 9 to Year 13, located in Rotorua, New Zealand.
History.
Rotorua Girls' High School was formed in 1959 after Rotorua High School, founded in 1927, was divided into Rotorua Boys' High School and Rotorua Girls'. Rotorua Boys' kept the original site, and the Rotorua Girls' was given a new site further down Old Taupo Road.
The current principal is Mrs Ally Gibbons.
Houses.
The four houses of Rotorua Girls' High School are named after legendary Maori women.

</doc>
<doc id="21545520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545520" title="2009 Cellular South Cup – Doubles">
2009 Cellular South Cup – Doubles

Lindsay Davenport and Lisa Raymond were the defending champions, but they chose not to participate this year.

</doc>
<doc id="21545522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545522" title="Dolnja Košana">
Dolnja Košana

Dolnja Košana is a village west of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The Košana parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Stephen and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dolnja Košana include:

</doc>
<doc id="21545524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545524" title="Scottish Register of Tartans">
Scottish Register of Tartans

The Scottish Register of Tartans is Scotland's official register of tartan. The Register is maintained and administrated by the National Archives of Scotland based in Edinburgh. The aim of the Register is to provide a definitive and accessible resource to promote and preserve tartan. It also aims to be the definitive source for the registration of new tartans. The register itself is made up of the existing registers of the Scottish Tartans Authority and the Scottish Tartans World Register and new registrations from 5 February 2009 and on. On the Register's website users can register new tartans, search for and request the threadcounts of existing tartans and receive notifications of newly registered tartans.
Origin of the register.
In the years leading up to 2008, the government of Scotland had been considering sponsoring an "official" register of tartan. On 9 October 2008, the Scottish Parliament passed the "Scottish Register of Tartans Bill" clearing the way for a national register of tartan in Scotland. On 13 November 2008 the Register received Royal Assent. The Register's website was officially launched on 5 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21545525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545525" title="Kitui West Constituency">
Kitui West Constituency

Kitui West Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kitui County. The constituency was established for the 1966 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="21545645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545645" title="Bishop of Egypt">
Bishop of Egypt

The Anglican Diocese of Egypt was founded in 1920. The current Bishop is the Rt. Rev. Mouneer Anis.
Bishops.
The following is a list of all Anglican Bishops of Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="21545676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545676" title="MSC Leigh">
MSC Leigh

The MSC Leigh is a container ship built in 2006 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the second ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.

</doc>
<doc id="21545719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545719" title="Vladimir Chuchelov">
Vladimir Chuchelov

Vladimir Chuchelov (; born 28 September 1969 in the Soviet Union) is a Belgian chess Grandmaster. He won the Belgian Chess Championship in 2000. He appeared four times in the FIDE top 100, with a maximum rating of 2608. Tournament victories include the Hamburg HSK (1991), Gifhorn international (1992), 17th Cappelle la Grande Open (2001).
In 2010 he was awarded the title of FIDE Senior Trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="21545756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545756" title="Anglican Diocese of Egypt">
Anglican Diocese of Egypt

The Anglican Diocese of Egypt was originally part of the Diocese of Jerusalem, founded in 1841 by the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Diocese of Egypt was later given autonomy and its first bishop was Llwellyn Gwynne (1920-1946).
Its jurisdiction extends over North Africa and the Horn of Africa, a vast region encompassing the following countries: Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Somalia and Djibouti. The diocese is part of the Province of Jerusalem and the Middle East, and is headed by the Bishop of Egypt. The current bishop is The Most. Rev. Dr. Mouneer Hanna Anis.
Churches.
Egypt.
In Egypt itself the Diocese of thirteen churches and three "congregations" which "meet from time to time."
There are three churches in the Alexandria metropolitan area
A number of churches are in the Greater Cairo area.
Other churches are spread throughout the country.
And the three "congregations" are located in Sadat City, 6th of October City and Hurghada.
Episcopal Area of North Africa.
There are currently three Churches in the Episcopal Area of North Africa. The current Area Bishop is The Right Reverend Bill Andrew Musk.
Episcopal Area of the Horn of Africa.
According to the Diocese of Egypt, the Horn of Africa Episcopal Area includes work in the following countries: Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.
There is presently only one church in the Episcopal Area of the Horn of Africa. The current Area (Assistant) Bishop is the Right Reverend Dr. Grant LeMarquand.

</doc>
<doc id="21545782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545782" title="Symbolic stars">
Symbolic stars

In Chinese astrology, the symbolic stars (Chinese: Shen Sha 神煞, pinyin: shén shā) represent different relations of the specific positions and interactions of the heavenly stems and earthly branches. 
"The symbolic stars" is sometimes translated literally, as "gods and devils"; but in fact, the symbolic stars do not relate to any ghosts and celestial beings— in this case, "shen (神)" means beneficial influence, and "sha (煞)" means baneful influence of the cyclical signs of the heavenly stems and earthly branches. 
The calculation of the symbolic stars is logically connected to the theory of Yin and Yang, Five Elements, Ten Gods theory, Na Yin melodic elements theory, Twelve Energy States, etc. The symbolic stars are like the “leaves” of the heavenly stems and earthly branches in the big tree of Chinese astrology and can provide a very specific information in the horoscope analysis.
The symbolic stars are used in many methods of Chinese astrology and metaphysics: Four Pillars of Destiny, Zi wei dou shu, Da Liu Ren, and Feng Shui. 
In Chinese astrology, there are more than 180 symbolic stars.

</doc>
<doc id="21545786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545786" title="Corporate Education">
Corporate Education

Corporate Education refers to a system of professional development activities provided to educate employees. It may consist of formal university or college training or informal training provided by non-collegiate institutions. The simplest form of corporate education may be training programs designed "in-house" for an organization that may wish to train their employees on specific aspects of their job processes or responsibilities. More formal relationships may further exist where corporate training is provided to employees through contracts or relationships with educational institutions who may award credit, either at the institution or through a system of CEUs (Continuing Education Units).
Many institutions or trainers offering corporate education will provide certificates or diplomas verifying the attendance of the employee. Some employers use corporate and continuing education as part of a holistic human resources effort to determine the performance of the employee and as part of their review systems.
Increasingly organisations appear to be using corporate education and training as an incentive to retain managers and key employees within their organisation. This win-win arrangement creates better educated managers for the organisation and provides the employees with a more marketable portfolio of skills and, in many cases, recognised qualifications. 
The Difference Between Corporate Education and Corporate Training.
Most organisations tend to think of corporate education as corporate training. Corporate training programs are often competency based and related to the essential training employees need to operate certain equipment or perform certain tasks in a competent, safe and effective manner. The outcome of a corporate training program is a participant who is either able to operate a piece of equipment or perform a specific task in an effective manner according to pre-determined training criteria. 
The primary role of corporate training is to ensure an employee has the knowledge and skills to undertake a specific operation to enable an organisation can continue to operate. Fundamentally, corporate training is centred on knowledge transfer, with an instructor teaching or demonstrating a particular function and the student learning and demonstrating they can apply what they have learnt to a particular operation.
Corporate education, however, adds another dimension and depth to training by involving learners as participants in generating new knowledge that assists an organisation to develop and evolve, rather than maintain the status quo. Corporate education focuses on developing the capability of an organisation to be able to do things and, in particular, the right things in order to be a sustainable and successful organisation.
Corporate education involves a facilitator, rather than an instructor or trainer, to engage participants and encourage them to think about the what, how and why of what they are doing and to challenge their current paradigms. Corporate education is centred on introducing learning techniques to stimulate employees to think about what their organisation does, where it is heading, potential new opportunities for the organisation and new and better ways of doing things. While the role of corporate training is to develop the operational competency of individuals, the purpose of corporate education is to promote the development of capability of both an individual and their organisation.
Increasingly organisations appear to be using corporate education as an incentive to retain managers and key employees within their organisation. This win-win arrangement creates better educated managers and employees for the organisation and gives individual employees a more marketable portfolio of skills and, in many cases, recognised qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="21545792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545792" title="Carl Carlton (German musician)">
Carl Carlton (German musician)

Carl Carlton (born Karl Walter Ahlerich Buskohl, 20 April 1955, Ihrhove, East Frisia, Germany) is a German rock musician, guitarist, composer and producer who has played in top international bands and with many well-known musicians. His collaboration with Robert Palmer culminated in the Grammy nominated album "Drive", which was released in 2003. In 2005, Carlton joined Eric Burdon and the Animals. The collaboration resulted in the Grammy nominated album "Soul of a Man", which was released in 2006. Carlton has released four albums with his own band, Carl Carlton and the Songdogs.
Carlton, who grew up on a farm in Northern Germany, took off for the Netherlands at the age of 17. There he began playing in what was at the time one of the liveliest European rock and pop scenes. Starting in Groningen, Carlton played in numerous rock bands, including Herman Brood & His Wild Romance, Long Tall Ernie & The Shakers (with whom he recorded a gold record in 1976) and Vitesse. In 1979, he traveled across the Atlantic to become a guitarist for the band Mink DeVille. Also in the 1980s, Carlton played with Manfred Mann's Earth Band. Most notably during this time, Carlton acted as a guitarist, composer and producer for two of Germany's biggest rock stars, Peter Maffay and Udo Lindenberg, with whom he recorded thirteen and six albums, respectively. Of these, eleven singles topped the charts. In the meantime, Carlton married and fathered a child, Max Buskohl, who has since followed in his father's footsteps with his own band, Empty Trash. At the end of the 1980s, Carlton began writing film and television scores, while, in addition, he played guitar for Joe Cocker, Keb Mo, Jimmy Barnes, Eric Burdon, Mother's Finest, Simple Minds and numerous other bands.
Personal projects.
In the early 1990s, Carlton and longtime musical partner Bertram Engel, a drummer, formed a band called New Legend, which also included keyboardist Pascal Kravetz and the two Dutch blues rockers Harry DeWinter and Peter Bootsmann. Two CDs were released before the band broke up two years later due to personality conflicts. In 1994, Carlton took up residence in Dublin, which at the time was one of the few pulsating metropolises for music in Europe. In 1999, Carlton again formed a band of his own, Carl Carlton & The Songdogs, which consisted of a multi-national line-up of musicians. In 2001, Carlton convinced Robert Palmer, whom he had worked with previously as one of his guitar players, to record a version of "Milk Cow's Calf Blues" with him as part of a tribute album to Robert Johnson. The resulting compilation, "Hellhound On My Trail", was nominated for a Grammy. Its success convinced Palmer and Carlton to co-produce another pure blues album, the Grammy-nominated "Drive", in 2003. Drive was also named one of "Billboard"'s Top Ten Blues albums for that year.
Carl Carlton & The Songdogs.
The inner circle of the band consists of Carlton, guitarist Moses Mo, bassist Wyzard (of the Atlanta funk group Mother's Finest), and Pascal Kravetz. Temporary Songdogs have included Sonny Landreth, keyboardist Ian McLagan, Levon Helm and Garth Hudson. The band's first album, "Revolution Avenue", was recorded at Dockside Studios in Louisiana. A second LP called "Love & Respect" was released three years later. With more of an international membership than before, the band this time consisted of, in addition to its core members, Robert Palmer, Levon Helm, Sonny Landreth, Jon Smith, The White Trash Horns, Bobby Keys and Xavier Naidoo. "Love & Respect" was also recorded at Dockside Studios.
Martin Huch, a multi-instrumentalist, was soon hired along with Wayne P. Sheehy for live performances. It was at the end of the "Love & Respect" tour that Carlton collapsed from exhaustion due to an unrelenting work schedule. The incident was caught live by television cameras. Several weeks later, in the midst of doing PR for the "Drive" album, Robert Palmer died suddenly. The next Songdogs album, "Cahoots & Roots", was released in 2005. Also in 2005, Carlton joined Eric Burdon and The Animals and recorded a blues album called "Soul of a Man" with Ivan Neville, James "Hutch" Hutchinson, Ricky Fataar, and Mike Finnegan. It too was nominated for a Grammy. Carlton, who in the meantime had given up his second home in Mallorca and taken up residence on the island of Gozo near Malta, began making a fourth album called "Songs for the Lost and Brave", whose fifteen tracks explored the many bitter blows dealt to Carlton in recent years. This included a divorce from his second wife. By this time, Zack Alford, a drummer who had played for both Bruce Springsteen and David Bowie, had been added to the band, which was invited by Levon Helm, one of Carlton's closest friends, to record the new album at Helm's studio in Woodstock, New York. One of the album's tracks, a cover of Stephen Stills' "For What Its Worth", included the voices of Carlton's son, Max Buskohl, and Eric Burdon. Carlton and his son also joined together for a track on Klaus Voorman's album, "A Sideman's Journey".
"Toast To Freedom".
In 2011, Carlton and Larry Campbell wrote “Toast To Freedom”, a commemorative song to celebrate Amnesty International´s 50th Anniversary. Carl Carlton & the Songdogs backed up more than 50 internationally renowned musicians, who contributed to the song in Levon Helm´s studio The Barn in Woodstock, among them Kris Kristofferson, Warren Haynes, Donald Fagen, Keb Mo, Rosanne Cash, Carly Simon, Marianne Faithfull, Jimmy Barnes, Jane Birkin, Eric Burdon, Levon Helm and many others. "Toast to Freedom" was produced by Bob Clearmountain and released by Amnesty International on May 3, 2012.
Guitar.
Since the late 1990s, Carlton has endorsed the guitars of the German manufacturer Duesenberg Guitars, which in collaboration with the guitarist has developed the C.C. Signature model. Carlton also endorses THC-Amps, Larson Bros. acoustic guitars and T.Rex effects pedals.
Here in alphabetical order is a selection of projects and bands for which Carlton has played guitar:
Production work.
Carlton has been a producer for many artists and projects. These include:
Discography.
Carl Carlton & the Songdogs
Prizes and nominations.
Grammy Nominations:
IFTA Nomination (Irish Film and Television Awards):
Grimme Television Prize:

</doc>
<doc id="21545797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545797" title="MSC Carmen">
MSC Carmen

The MSC Carmen is a container ship built in 2008 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the seventh ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.

</doc>
<doc id="21545809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545809" title="Fandemonium">
Fandemonium

Fandemonium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21545823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545823" title="Geoffrey Allen (bishop)">
Geoffrey Allen (bishop)

Geoffrey Francis Allen (25 August 1902–8 November 1982) was the third Bishop of Derby.
Allen was educated at Dulwich College and University College, Oxford, and after training at Ripon Hall was ordained in 1927. Following a brief curacy at St Saviour’s, Liverpool, he was Chaplain of his old theological college, a Fellow of Lincoln College, Oxford, Lecturer at Union Theological College, Canton, the Deputy Provost of Birmingham Cathedral and then Archdeacon of Birmingham, 1944–47.
He was elevated to the Episcopate as Bishop of Egypt in 1947. Returning to England in 1952, he became Principal of Ripon Hall before his appointment in 1959 to the see of Derby, where he served until 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="21545831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545831" title="MSC Geneva">
MSC Geneva

The MSC Geneva is a container ship built in 2006 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the first ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.

</doc>
<doc id="21545841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545841" title="Nereo Cave">
Nereo Cave

The Nereo Cave (Grotta di Nereo in Italian) is a huge underwater sea-cave situated on the north-west of Sardinia in the "Coral riviera" of Alghero, Italy. The name was given by the discovers in honour of the mythological figure Nereus, who is often billed as the Old Man of the Sea, father of the Nereids. The site is under the high limestone cliffs of Capo Caccia, 100 metres north of the famous Neptune's Grotto.
Overview.
The cave is considered the biggest marine cave in the Mediterranean Sea. With the around 10 entrances, arches and tunnels, it is possible to make dives from 0 to 35 m, through long and large tunnels, air chambers and different ways. The walls are covered with red coral and yellow leptosamnia.
With the other cape of Punta Giglio and the Porto Conte Bay, the cave is part of a Marine reserve set up in 2003. Its flora and fauna are typically Mediterranean including groupers, lobsters, congers and moray eels, and thriving crustacean life.

</doc>
<doc id="21545862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545862" title="MSC Carouge">
MSC Carouge

The MSC Carouge is a container ship built in 2007 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the third ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.

</doc>
<doc id="21545864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545864" title="A Home for Tanya">
A Home for Tanya

A Home for Tanya (, translit. Otchiy dom) is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It competed for the Palme d'Or at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21545872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545872" title="Krueger flap">
Krueger flap

Krueger flaps are lift enhancement devices that may be fitted to the leading edge of an aircraft wing. Unlike slats or drooped leading edges, the main wing upper surface and its nose is not changed. Instead, a portion of the lower wing is rotated out in front of the main wing leading edge. Current Boeing aircraft, and many others, utilize this design between the fuselage and closest engine, where the wing is thickest. Outboard of the engine, slat flaps are used on the leading edge. The Boeing 727 also used a mix of inboard Krueger flaps and outboard slats, although it had of course no engine between them.
Most early jet airliners utilized Krueger flaps only, such as the Boeing 707 and Boeing 747.
Operation.
While the aerodynamic effect of Krueger flaps may be similar to that of slats or slots (in those cases where there is a gap or slot between the Krueger flap trailing edge and wing leading edge), they are deployed differently. Krueger flaps, hinged at their foremost position that once deployed actually become their trailing edges, hinge forwards from the under surface of the wing, increasing the wing camber and maximum coefficient of lift. Conversely, slats extend forwards from the upper surface of the leading edge. Also, when deployed, Krueger flaps result in a much more pronounced blunt leading edge on the wing, helping to achieve better low-speed handling. This allows smaller-radius wing leading edges, better optimized for cruise. 
The Krueger flaps developed for the Boeing 747 were constructed from fiberglass honeycomb material and were designed to be intentionally distorted into an aerofoil section on deployment.
History.
Krüger flaps were invented by Werner Krüger in 1943 and evaluated in the wind tunnels in Göttingen, Germany. One of the earliest applications was the Boeing 367-80 in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21545882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545882" title="MSC Rosaria">
MSC Rosaria

The MSC Rosaria is a container ship built in 2007 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the fourth ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.

</doc>
<doc id="21545887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545887" title="István Batházi">
István Batházi

István Batházi (born 16 December 1978 in Budapest) is a male medley swimmer from Hungary, who competed three times for his native country at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000. He won the European title in the men's 400 m individual medley in 2000 (Helsinki). 
In 2009 Istvan set the 200m(LC) Individual Medley Masters World Record for 30-34 age group.

</doc>
<doc id="21545901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545901" title="More Than Meets the Eye (album)">
More Than Meets the Eye (album)

More Than Meets the Eye is the second full-length studio album by the Dutch pop and dance singer eliZe, released on June 26, 2009, in the Netherlands.
External links.
EliZe - More Than Meets The Eye @ Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="21545903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545903" title="MSC Monterey">
MSC Monterey

MSC Monterey is a container ship built in 2008 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the fifth ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.
The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEU's.
In December of 2013, MSC Monterey, travelling from Antwerp, Belgium to Boston, Massachusetts, United States, was reported in danger 140 km south of St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada, a small crack having been discovered in its deck. Four passengers were evacuated by helicopter in Trepassey Bay, Newfoundland and temporary repairs were effected in the more sheltered waters of St. Mary's Bay. 

</doc>
<doc id="21545914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545914" title="Lev Kulidzhanov">
Lev Kulidzhanov

Lev Aleksandrovich Kulidzhanov (; 19 March 1924 – 18 February 2002) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter. He directed eleven films between 1954 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21545920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545920" title="Juan Oliver Chirivella">
Juan Oliver Chirivella

Juan Oliver Chirivella (Paiporta, Valencia Province, 1935) is a Spanish politician who currently is a member of the People's Party (PP), although he has been a member of several other parties in the past.
Personal life.
Married with one son, Oliver qualified as a technical engineer and worked for the company Siemens reaching a high position in the local branch of the company.
Political career.
The first political grouping he joined was the Democratic Popular Party (PDP) in 1979. The PDP was part of the larger coalition Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) which formed the Spanish government from 1977 to 1982.
He served as a councillor on Valencia city council before the first democratic elections in the post Franco era. He also served as a provincial deputy for Valencia Province to the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament from 1979 to 1991.
When the UCD disbanded in 1983, he joined the Popular Alliance, remaining a member until 1987 when he joined the regional party Valencian Union (UV). He stood as a UV candidate in the 1987 European election but was not elected.
He then turned his attention to national politics and was placed second on the UV list for the 1989 General Election and was elected to the national parliament as a deputy for Valencia province. However two years later, he defected to the PP but did not stand at the 1993 General Election.
Since 1995 he has been Health Minister in the Valencian regional administration.

</doc>
<doc id="21545922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545922" title="About Elly">
About Elly

About Elly (, translit. "Darbâreye Eli") is a 2009 Iranian psychological drama film directed by Asghar Farhadi. It is the fourth film by Farhadi. The film is about the relationships between some middle class families in Iran.
Farhadi won the Silver Bear for Best Director at the 59th Berlin Film Festival for the film. The film was also nominated for 10 awards at the 27th Fajr International Film Festival in Tehran where Farhadi won the Crystal Symorgh for best directing. "About Elly" was Iran's official submission for the competition in Foreign Film section at the 82nd Academy Awards. It competed against films such as "Bist", "Tardid", "Bipooli" for Iran's submission in the Academy Awards.
Plot.
A group of middle-class Iranian friends travel to the shores of the Caspian Sea on a three-day vacation. They are former classmates at the law faculty of the university. There are three couples: Sepideh and her husband Amir, who have a young daughter. Shohreh and her husband Peyman, who have two young children, including a son, Arash. Lastly, Nazy and her husband Manuchehr. The trip is planned by Sepideh, who brings along her daughter's kindergarten teacher, Elly, in order to introduce her to Ahmad, a divorced friend, visiting from Germany.
They all go to a seaside mansion that Sepideh has booked, but the woman in charge tells them that the owners are due to return the next day, so they won't be able to stay there after all. She suggests that they stay in a deserted beach-fronted villa instead. There would be no cellphone reception there and they would have to go to the old woman's house in order to make calls. Sepideh lies to the old woman about the relationship between Elly and Ahmad: she says they're married and are there for their honeymoon (referencing legal restrictions on unmarried couples traveling together in Iran).
Elly is a little shy, but she begins to feel attracted to Ahmad, who also seems to have mutual feelings for Elly. While at the trip she calls her mother and lies to her, saying that she's with her co-workers at a sea-side resort and that she wishes to go back to Tehran the following day, as planned. Sepideh however doesn't want her to leave and hides her luggages. One of the mothers asks Elly to watch the children playing in the sea. Later, Arash is found floating in the sea and Elly is nowhere to be seen. Arash is resuscitated, but the group doesn't know whether Elly has drowned or has just left for Tehran. The police are called to investigate, while the group continues to search for Elly.
The members of the group soon start to blame each other for the series of events leading up to her disappearance and her initial coming to the trip.
However, things are not as they seem, as it turns out that Sepideh has been lying about certain facts concerning Elly.
Reception.
The film was hailed critically upon the release in its home country. One year after its release, it was voted the 4th greatest Iranian movie of all time by national society of Iranian critics.
One of the strongest supporters of About Elly is David Bordwell, film theorist and film critic, who has called it a masterpiece: "Gripping as sheer storytelling, the plot smoothly raises some unusual moral questions. It touches on masculine honor, on the way a thoughtless laugh can wound someone’s feelings, on the extent to which we try to take charge of others’ fates. I can’t recall another film that so deeply examines the risks of telling lies to spare someone grief. But no more talk: The less you know in advance, the better. About Elly deserves worldwide distribution pronto." [http://www.davidbordwell.net/blog/2009/03/30/a-masterpiece-and-others-not-to-be-neglected/]
Alissa Simon of Variety wrote in her review: "To many, the film’s first half may seem mannered, even boring, with the old pals, particularly the men, indulging in obnoxious, condescending behavior. But after an alarming incident at the 45-minute mark, Farhadi ratchets up the tension, and the pic becomes a mystery thriller of sorts that epitomizes the Sir Walter Scott quote, "Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive." " [http://www.variety.com/review/VE1117939602/]
Adam Eisenberg in his review from Tribeca Film Festival called About Elly: "a mirror of sorts to Michelangelo Antonioni’s stylistic revolution, L’Avventura." And wrote: "Here the contrast between Farhadi and Antonini is perhaps sharpest. Although L’avventura is certainly cinematic with its relationship between images and themes, ... In Farhadi’s world, cold glances, a husband’s demand for more tea, and tearful rage, are all comments, not symbols, on a culture where telling the truth is often not the best option. It’s a culture that lends itself to suspense, and Farhadi might have more in common with Hitchcock, than the Iranian New Wave he emerges from." [http://flavorwire.com/18391/tribeca-review-about-elly]
Also Christopher Bourne after seeing the film at Tribeca Film Festival said: "The brilliance of Farhadi’s script and direction (his efforts earned him the Silver Bear for best director at this year’s Berlin Film Festival) becomes most apparent in the latter stages of the film. As one secret after another is revealed, Farhadi deftly maps out the shifts in the perceptions and behavior of the characters toward each other as well as the viewer’s perception of the characters." [http://www.meniscuszine.com/film/tribeca09/about-elly-20090426/index.html]
Lee Marshall of Screen Daily called the film "One of the most remarkable Iranian films to surface in the last few years" and added: "About Elly is a small but compelling ensemble piece of surprising depth. It’s one of those rare films that can be read on one level purely as a satisfying drama, but which also has a rich, independent inner life, centered on big questions about right and wrong, social coercion and the lies people tell themselves and each other." [http://www.screendaily.com/reviews/africa/middle-east/features/about-elly-darbareye-elly/4042969.article]

</doc>
<doc id="21545927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545927" title="MSC Cordoba">
MSC Cordoba

The MSC Cordoba is a container ship built in 2008 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia, Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A. She is the sixth ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered. The ship has a container capacity of 4,860 TEUs.

</doc>
<doc id="21545939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545939" title="Malsian">
Malsian

Malsian is a town in Jalandhar, Punjab, India.

</doc>
<doc id="21545972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545972" title="Sir Henry Beaumont, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Henry Beaumont, 2nd Baronet

Sir Henry Beaumont, 2nd Baronet (2 April 1638 – 27 January 1689) was an English politician.
He was the oldest son of Sir Thomas Beaumont, 1st Baronet and Elizabeth Trott, daughter of Sir Nicholas Trott, and was baptised at Stoughton Grange. Beaumont was educated at St John's College, Oxford and succeeded his father as baronet in 1676. He sat as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicester between 1679 and 1689.
On 2 April 1662, he married Elizabeth Farmer, daughter of George Farmer, at St Andrew's Church, Holborn. They had seven daughters and fourteen sons (six having died as infants). Beaumont was buried at Stoughton, Leicestershire and was succeeded in the baronetcy successively by his sons Thomas, George and Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="21545991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545991" title="Henry Beaumont">
Henry Beaumont

Henry Beaumont may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21545995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545995" title="Paul Egger">
Paul Egger

Paul Egger (26 November 1916 – 12 July 2007) was a German pilot in the Battle of Britain and an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded by Nazi Germany to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership during World War II.
Early life.
Paul Egger was born on 26 November 1916 in Mautern, Austria. After graduating from high school in June 1935, he trained to be a clerk and worked as a trainee clerk until 1938, when he volunteered to join the Luftwaffe. Egger was already a Glider pilot and was converted to be a bomber pilot and posted to the Kampfgeschwader 51 flying the Junkers Ju 87 (Stuka).
World War II.
Egger started World War II as a pilot in Kampfgeschwader 51 and took part in the Polish Campaign. He was then transferred to Jagdgeschwader 27 as a fighter pilot flying the Messerschmitt Bf 109 and took part in the Battle of France, and the Battle of Britain. Altogether he flew 112 missions and was shot down three times, he did record some victories but was not a fighter ace.
The last time he was shot down over the English Channel he received severe head wounds and was removed from flying and transferred to ground staff duties.
Waffen SS.
In May 1941 he volunteered to join the Waffen SS, and was trained as an anti-tank gunner. On completion of his basic training he was posted to the Motorcycle Battalion of the "Das Reich" Division and later transferred to the 8th Company, SS Panzer Regiment 2. Egger started to show his prowess as a tank commander in the Battle of Kiev when he destroyed 28 tanks, 14 anti-tank guns, 40 other vehicles and 8 artillery batteries.
During the Third Battle of Kharkov in February 1943, he recorded his 65th tank destroyed but his company was almost wiped out and by the end of the battle had only two tanks left.
In October 1943, Egger was transferred to command a Tiger tank platoon in the 1st Company, 102 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion. The battalion was sent to Normandy after the D Day landings. During the fighting for point 112 he destroyed a further 14 tanks and 4 anti tank guns for which he was recommended for the Knight's Cross but instead received the German Cross in Gold.
Egger's battalion was almost completely destroyed during the fighting in Normandy and, in September 1944, was pulled back to Germany to reform. Stationed in Sennelager the battalion was renamed the 502 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion.
The battalion was sent to the Eastern Front and during the fighting around Stettin he destroyed another 19 tanks.
In April 1945 he was directly promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) and temporarily took over command of the 1st Company. He was also awarded the Knight's Cross by the commander of the XI SS Panzer Army Felix Steiner (due to the circumstances at the end of the war, the award was only provisionally granted.) The certificate was endorsed by Heinrich Himmler and Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel and dated 28 April 1945, but it is recognized by the Ordensgemeinschaft der Ritterkreuzträger des Eisernen Kreuzes e.V. (OdR).
On the 3 May 1945, Egger recorded 113 tanks destroyed.
He escaped from Berlin and managed to evade the surrounding Soviet forces, but was forced to surrender to the advancing United States army at the River Elbe after being shot in the arm, which was his ninth wound of the war.
Post war.
Paul Egger remained in captivity for two and a half years and was released in November 1947.
In civilian life he became a sports reporter and died on 12 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21546001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546001" title="Ligidium japonicum">
Ligidium japonicum

Ligidium japonicum is a species of woodlouse found in moist forests in Japan. Individuals may live for up to two years and reach a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="21546011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546011" title="Liancourt Rocks dispute">
Liancourt Rocks dispute

The Liancourt Rocks dispute is a territorial dispute between South Korea and Japan. Both countries claim sovereignty over the Liancourt Rocks, a group of small islets in the Sea of Japan (East Sea). North Korea also claims sovereignty of the islands.
The Liancourt Rocks have been administered by South Korea since 1954 by the Korea Coast Guard. This action was taken after the United States stated in the Rusk documents that the Japanese claim to the Liancourt Rocks would not be renounced in their peace treaty with Japan. In 1954, Japan proposed a reference to the International Court of Justice, which South Korea rejected, believing that the Liancourt Rocks are irrefutably South Korean territories, and thus should not be dealt through diplomatic negotiations or judicial settlement between South Korea and Japan.
There are conflicting interpretations about the historical state of sovereignty over the islets. Korean claims are partly based on references to a Korean island called "Usan-do" () in various historical records, maps and encyclopedias such as the "Samguk Sagi" (), "Annals of the Joseon Dynasty" (), "Dongguk Yeoji Seungnam" (), and "Dongguk munheon bigo" (). According to the Korean view, these refer to today's Liancourt Rocks, while the Japanese researchers of these documents have stated that the various references to Usan-do refer at different times to Jukdo, its neighboring island Ulleungdo, or a non-existent island between Ulleungdo and Korea.
Researchers disagree on who first had administrative control over the islets due to ambiguities in early historical records and maps, partly due to changes in the names of the islands in the area over the years.
The Three Kingdoms period.
Samguk Sagi ("History of Three Kingdoms") recorded that in 512, the 13th reign year of King Jijeung of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, General Kim Isabu conquered Usan, whence it submitted yearly tributes to the Silla court. The "Samguk Sagi" mentions that Usan had been an independent kingdom based on Ulleungdo. Based on the story of Usan, contemporary chroniclers believed Usando to be one and the same island as Ulleungdo.
Joseon and Edo period.
The Taejong-Sillok (태종실록, Annals of King Taejong) recorded that "60 people were living on Yusan-guk-do (유산국 流山國, Yusan-state-island). According to a 1417 government report, there were 86 yusando inhabitants as of 1412. Yusan-guk's diameter was 2shik (24km), and its circumference is eight 8shik (96km)."
The 1417 report is as follows:
The Korean government says that Usando was the Liancourt Rocks. Although it is impossible for one to survive at Liancourt Rocks without outside assistance, a distinction to be noted is that Usanguk refers to a state based on Ulleng-do, whereas Usando refers to an island. Japanese scholars argue that Usando refers to either Ulleung-do or Jukdo while Korean scholars argue that it refers to Liancourt Rocks.
The "Sejong-Sillok" (세종실록, "Chronicle of King Sejong", 1432) mentions Usando, but interpretation of the context is disputed. The text is interpreted as follows: "Usando (우산도 于山島) and Mureungdo (무릉도 武陵島, a former name of Ulleungdo), in the sea due east of Uljin Prefecture, are close enough to each other to be mutually visible in clear weather at the top of the mountain". South Korea insists that this constitutes clear evidence that Usan-do refers to the Liancourt Rocks, the only island that is visible from Ulleungdo only in clear weather. Japan, however, holds that the latter part as "come into view from mainland Korea," believing that it refers instead to Jukdo, located two kilometers east of Ulleungdo. South Korea counters that Jukdo is only 2 kilometers apart from Ulleung-Do and therefore is visible regardless of altitude or weather, as well as that the passage is clearly written in the context of the two islands mutually, rather than in relation to the Korean mainland, as established in "相去不遠," "相" meaning "mutually."
South Korea also refers to Ulleung-Do Sajuk (울릉도 사적). This work was compiled by Korean government officer Jang Han-sang (장한상; 張漢相) in 1696 after the An Yong-bok incident under orders from the Joseon kingdom. In it, he states that, from Ulleung-do, "to the west can be seen the rugged mountains of Daegwallyeong; beholding the sea to the east, I noticed a faint island in the "jin" (辰) direction (east-south-east), not more than one-third of the size of Ulleung, and not possibly more than 300 li (approximately 100km) away." Furthermore, Jang also states in a later part of the work that "I climbed to the peak of the island in order to see the boundaries of Japan, but no Japanese islands could be seen at all, and I cannot, therefore, fathom the distance to the border." This evidence is used by South Korean experts to demonstrate that contemporary Koreans regarded this island to the south-east as under Korean control.
The "Dong'guk yeoji seungnam" (동국여지승람, "Augmented Geography Survey of the Eastern Nation (Korea)", 1481) defining Korea's territory, stated that "Usando and Ulleungdo are under the jurisdiction of Uljin-hyeon of Gangwon-do as an administrative unit. However, it also mentions that the tree and the beach could be clearly seen on a fine day. The 1531 revision of this book includes the "Paldo Chongdo" ("Map of the Eight Provinces"), showing two separate islands of Usan-do and Ulleung-do in the middle of the Sea of Japan. Usando is drawn to the west of Ulleungdo, which is clearly an error since there exists no island that to the west of Ulleungdo.
From the early fifteenth century to the aftermath of the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598), the Joseon court was unable and unwilling to maintain a civilian population on either Ulleungdo or Usando. According to the "Taejong Sillok" ("Annals of King Taejong"), the mainland government forcibly evacuated the islands during Taejong's reign, in accordance with the "vacant island policy". Thus, the islets were only occasionally populated by permanent settlers up to the seventeenth century; a permanent population existed only on Ulleungdo. Following the war, the islands were completely vacated.
1677 report.
"Takeshima Tōkai Yuraiki Bassho Hikae", written by Ōya Kyuemon, records that in 1618 the Tokugawa Shogunate granted fishing rights to the Ōya and Murakawa families of Yonago, and that in 1661 bestowed the feudal tenure of "Takeshima", which was then referred to Ulleung-do. On the way to Ulleung-do, Japanese fishermen sometimes used islands called in Japanese as an intermediate port of call. In 1677 a retainer by the name of Saito Hessen compiled the "Onshu shicho goki" ("Records on Observations in Oki Province"), a set of records based upon observations he had made under orders from the Daimyo of Izumo(Unshū).
As this report was compiled from a Japanese geographical perspective, Japanese scholars argue that Matsushima (the closer island) refers to Liancourt Rocks and Takeshima (the farther island) refers to Ulleungdo. On the other hand Korean scholars argue that a closer look reveals the grants were given to permit them to travel abroad, thus proving that fishing area was foreign territory. These grants led to a conflict with native settlers in Ulleungdo and were later revoked by Kanpaku of Japanese Tokugawa Shogunate in January 1696.
1695 inquiry into Ulleungdo.
In 1695 the Shogunate inquired of the Tottori clan (Tottori Prefecture today) if Takeshima (Ulleungdo) and "Matsushima" (Liancourt Rocks) were part of either Inaba or Hōki Province, where the Oya and Murakawa of Yonago resided.
The Shogunate inquired:
The Tottori replied:
This reply was due to the fact that Takeshima (Ulleungdo) and "Matsushima" (Liancourt Rocks) belonged to Oki (隠岐) Province as recorded in Onshu shicho goki ("Records on Observations in Oki Province") of 1677, rather than to Inaba or Hoki Province.
1696 Murakami Document.
Korean historical sources state that the administrator of Tokugawa shogunate reaffirmed in January 1696 that Ulleungdo and Dokdo belonged to Korea, quoting An Yong-bok's testimony. The dispute between Chosun Korea and Tokugawa Japan about the ownership of Ulleung-do ignited when Korean fishermen clashed with Japanese fishermen in Ulleungdo waters in 1692. The following year, An Yong-Bok and Park Eo-dun, representing Korean fishing communities, are variously said to have visited, drifted, or even been abducted by Japanese fishermen, arriving at Oki island in 1693. Taking this occasion, An discussed territorial title matters with a Japanese governmental official, reminding him that Ulleungdo and Jasando (자산도, 子山島 sic; a scribal corruption of Usan-do 于山島/亐山島) are Korean territory. As a result, the bakufu issued prohibitions banning Japanese fishermen from travelling to Ulleng-do. This is called the First An Yong-bok incident.
An, on being released from a two-year exile on charges of traveling to a foreign country without permission, made a second trip to Japan together with a group of Koreans from Dongnae and other maritime regions in 1696 with documents and a map to reconfirm his initial claim during the first confrontation, which had come under suspicion by the Korean government due to the Tsushima clan's delaying Edo's orders to notify the Korean government of Japan's prohibition to travel to Ulleungdo. Aware of the severe punishment which the Edo government would certainly pass on the Tsushima lord, Tsushima expedited Edo's decision to nullify "Permission to cross to Takeshima (Ulleund-do)" to the Korean government, which Edo had been withholding until An's visit. Although Japan did not mention Matsushima (Liancourt Rocks) on the prohibition papers, no Japanese could legitimately travel to either Takeshima or Matsushima until the end of the bakufu period. This document from An's second trip relays An's words that Ulleungdo, geographically subordinate to Gangwon province, was administered by Dongnae-bu. The document records the distance between Takeshima (Ulleungdo) and Matsushima (Liancourt Rocks) as 50 ri, and also states, in a rough copy of An's map of Korea, that the two islets belonged to Korea's Gangwon province. In the "Annals of King Sukjong", the official governmental chronicle, An is reported to have stated that Jasan-do 子山島(sic) was what the Japanese called Matsu-shima 松島 at that time.
1697 Korean court's decision to disregard Tsushima's request of a formal letter for Edo.
In Feb 1697, the Korean government decided to reject Tsushima clan's request to amend a previous letter that mentioned Korea's Ulleungdo, and that An Yong-Bok's visit to Japan to raise a legal case did not require a written response from Korea since the Royal Court had no foreknowledge. These facts were to be conveyed to the Tsushima envoy's house informally: "An was an unenlightened subject who got thrown about by a storm. If he executed something, it had not been known by the Joseon Royal Court."
In March, 1699, the Korean government made a formal communication in writing that An was punished for submitting a legal case against the governor of Hokishu to the Edo government without authorisation from the Korean government."
Although the Border Defense Command demanded capital punishment, King Sukjong commuted An's sentence to exile in positive consideration of his successful negotiations with the Edo government that resulted in the "prohibition of all Japanese travelling to Korea for fishing, harvesting, and lumbering for eternity".
1785 Map of Three Adjoining Countries.
A Japanese scholar of practical science, Hayashi Shihei, published "Map of Three Adjoining Countries" (三國接壤地圖) in his work "Sangoku Tsūran Zusetsu" in 1785, which showed each country in distinct colours; Joseon (old name of Korea) in yellow, Japan in green. In the map, Ulleungdo and an island to its northeast were marked "As Korean territories (朝鮮ノ持ニ)". The name of the larger island was given as "竹嶋", the current name of Ulleungdo then in Japan. According to Korean scholars, the islands to the northeast of Ulleungdo represent the Liancourt Rocks, and thus proves Liancourt belonged to Korea at the time. According to Japanese scholars, neither of these conclusions are necessary or even probable, as the Liancourt Rocks are located southeast of Ulleungdo.
1808 Usando, Ulleungdo, and Matsushima claimed to be the same island.
"Man'gi yoram" (만기요람, "Handbook of State Affairs") from 1808 quotes the earlier "Yeojiji" ("Gazette") that Ulleungdo and Usando all belonged to Usan'guk Quoting the "Yeojiji", it was further mentioned that Usando was equivalent to what the Japanese then called Matsushima. However, the "Yeojiji" also stated that "...Usan-do and Ulleung-do are spoken of as the same island..."
19th century maps.
Usando is displayed on the cartographs made by Chong Sang-gi (1678~1752); "Haejwa Jeondo" (1822), and "Dongguk Jeondo" (by Kim Tae-gon, 1821–1846), Usando is displayed. Japanese believe it to be Jukdo, noting the distance, shape, size, and direction., while Koreans believe it to be Liancourt and they said that Usando was a former name of Liancourt.
In 2011, Usando is found on the Kim Jeong-ho's "Daedong Yeojido".
1877 Daijō-kan order to exclude Takeshima (Ulleungdo) and another island from Japanese National Land Registry.
On March 20, 1877, the Japanese Supreme Council Daijō-kan issued an order stating that Ulleungdo (then called "Takeshima 竹島", now called Matsushima 松島 by Japan) and another island (外一島) are not under Japanese rule .
Korea states that "another island" (外一島) besides Ulleungdo refers to Liancourt Rocks and considers this order as an evidence that Liancourt Rocks was under the control of Korea. The Japanese government has not made any comment on this point whereas some Japanese consider that "another island" (外一島) does not refer to Liancourt Rocks.
1900 Korean Imperial Decree No. 41 separates Uldo Archipelago from Uljin County.
On October 25, 1900, Korea issued Imperial Decree No. 41, which included the following administrative actions.
The decree was published in Official Gazette No. 1716 (관보 제1716호) on Oct 27 and distributed to the international community, including Imperial Japan, with representations in Seoul.
This decree states that Ulleungdo be renamed to Uldo (mod. Ulleungdo), and that the county hall shall govern Ulleungdo, Jukdo, and Seokdo. Japan says that there is no evidence to identify the island "Seokdo" as Liancourt Rocks, and that there is no record that proves the effective occupation by Korea before Japanese Cabinet decision of Jan 28, 1905. Korea claims that the island "Seokdo" mentioned in this document is Liancourt Rocks, and thus Liancourt Rocks was still officially part of Korea as an ancient territory since 512. Korea presents evidence that Koreans living on Ulleungdo referred to Liancourt Rocks as Dokseom (or Dolseom; literally "rocky island") in speech and Dokdo 獨島 in writing as a phonetic transcription (음독 音讀, umdok; おんよみ 音読み on-yomi), while the name "Seokdo" 石島 ("rocky island") in the Ordinance was an instance of logographic translation (훈독, 訓讀, hundok; くんよみ 訓読み kun-yomi).
Korea also states that Liancourt Rocks was effectively managed by seasonal fishermen and divers in recent times as a result of King Gojong's Ulleungdo Reclamation Program (鬱陵島開拓令) issued in Dec 1881. A first-person account by one of the first settlers since the reclamation program has been presented as one evidence to the fact of the claim. A South Korean scholar claims to have uncovered evidence that Korean fishermen effectively occupied engaged in "whaling" in Liancourt Rocks waters in the 1880s and that sea lions were hunted and sea-lion-derived products were exported to Japan in 1904 prior to the Japanese Cabinet decision of 1905 to incorporate a supposed terra nullius.
1904 Japan–Korea treaty.
The Japan–Korea Protocol of 1904 signed between Japan and Korea on February 23, 1904 (Korean 한일의정서, 韓日議定書, Han'il uijongso; Japanese 日韓議定書, Nikkan Giteisho) stipulates in article 3 that Japan shall guarantee the territorial integrity of Korea. It further stipulates in article 4 that, in case the territorial integrity of Korea is endangered by aggression of a third power, Korea shall give full facilities to promote the action of Japan, and that Japan may occupy, when the circumstances require, such places as may be necessary for strategic reasons.
Article 4 of the treaty has been quoted as giving Japan full authorisation in terms of international law in taking Liancourt Rocks as a strategic surveillance point during the Russo-Japanese War.
Article 3, however, has been quoted as preventing Japan from appropriating Liancourt Rocks post bellum, and hence ruling the 1905 Shimane incorporation illegal after the end of the war. Although the watch tower on Liancourt Rocks was demolished, suggesting the necessity on strategic reasons had disappeared, the Japanese Cabinet decision to incorporate Liancourt Rocks had not been revoked in violation of the treaty. This suggests foreign military threat from a third country in Article 4 was not the primary ground of incorporating Liancourt Rocks, but South Korea complain that "its own violence and greed that Japan is expected to disprove with prima facie evidence in the manner of which the act of incorporation was committed."
1905 Japanese Incorporation of Liancourt Rocks.
The imperial government of Japan incorporated Liancourt Rocks as a result of a Cabinet decision in early 1905. Three motives are commonly cited for this decision: civilian occupation of said islets by a Japanese citizen from Oki, Nakai Yozaburo (なかい よざぶろう 中井養三郎; 1864–1934), practical necessities arising from the armed conflict with Russia, and Japan's foreign policy regarding Korea as its western frontier to fend off encroaching foreign powers. The incorporation was conducted incognito to foreign nations, including Korea, as the decision had never been announced by the central government to the international community. The Korean response to reports of the verbal notice by a local Japanese official were shock and disbelief, and orders were issued to investigate the truth of the report. While the result of the investigation is obscured in silence, apparently lending momentum to the Japanese claim, the Japanese Resident-General residing in Seoul, in 1906, makes an inquiry into which islands are administered by Ulleungdo (sic.), in the older designation prior to the 1900 Korean Imperial Decree No 40, to which the Internal Ministry relays facts consistent with the 1900 Imperial Decree No 41, to wit Uldo County administers Uldo proper, Jukdo, and Seokdo.
1903–1904 Nakai's Fishing Enterprise.
On September 29, 1904, Nakai Yozaburo (中井養三郎; 1864–1934) of Saigo, Shimane Prefecture, experimenting with sea lion hunting business in the summers of 1903 and 1904, and wanting to protect his investment, submitted a petition to incorporate Liancourt Rocks and to issue exclusive license to hunt sea lions for ten years. The petition was submitted to the Home Ministry, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the Ministry of Agriculture and Commerce. Nakai, initially believing Liancourt Rocks to be Korean territory, had planned to ask for a lease from the Korean government via the Ministry of Trade and Commerce.
An officer of the Ministry of Home Affairs considered it unwise to incorporate Liancourt Rocks, as it was suspected to be Korean territory, but the Navy and the Foreign Ministry advised incorporation would be profitable, and that there would arise no diplomatic repercussions.
1905 Japanese Cabinet Decision on Liancourt Rocks.
The Japanese government's official view has evolved since 1905. On Jan 28, 1905, the Cabinet reached a decision to incorporate Liancourt Rocks (明治三十八年一月二十八日閣議決定), on grounds that it had been "terra nullius" under international law:
""There is no evidence to recognise that this uninhabited island was ever occupied by a foreign country... As evidenced through relevant records that a person by the name of Nakai Yozaburo (中井養三郞) has relocated to said island in 1903 (Meiji 36) and practiced fishing there since, we recognise the fact that occupation has occurred in terms of international law.""
From 1947 to 1954, the Japanese government's claim shifted from "prior occupation of a terra nullius" to "effective occupation" by "executing state intention to acquire territory".
Not later than 1962, Japan again shifted its claim to ""1905 reconfirmation of title to an inherent/ancient territory"", all based on Japan's changing interpretation of the same Cabinet decision document, all the while carefully avoiding its previous claim of incorporation on grounds of "prior occupation of a terra nullius".
Korea also claims that Japan's 1905 claim to terra nullius conflicts with its previous recognition (i.e., the 1877 Daijō-kan order) of the islets as Korean territory.
1905 Shimane Notice 40.
Japan claims to have enforced its Cabinet decision of Jan 28, 1905 to incorporate the islets as part of Shimane Prefecture (島根縣) in Shimane Prefectural Notice No. 40 of Feb 22, 1905 (島根縣告示第40號) . The decision was reported in a local newspaper, San-in Shimbun, on Feb 24, 1905.
The incorporation came in the heat of the Russo-Japanese War and before the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1905 of November 17, 1905, when Korea became Japan's protectorate. A temporary watchtower was erected on the islets for anti-Russian surveillance purposes, which was demolished after Japan's victory in the war.
1906 Verbal Notification of Incorporation and Korean Response.
Japanese claims the incorporation was legitimate in that Korea did not dispute the incorporation when the news was published. Korea claims the incorporation was invalid in that the Feb 24 San-in Shimbun report lacked official status as its circulation was limited to the Shimane prefectural region. Korea claims neither the decision of the Japanese Cabinet, the order of Ministry of Home Affairs, nor the Shimane Notice had been announced to the Korean government until March 28, 1906. Many Japanese, including petitioner Nakai Yozaburo (中井養三郞), and certain governmental officials believed the title of Liancourt Rocks belonged to Korea.
On that date, a party of 44 officials from Shimane Prefecture visited Ulleungdo. The Japanese officials, including Kanda Yoshitaro, travelled to Ulleungdo by way of Dokdo, and informed Sim Heung-taek, then Magistrate of Ulleungdo, that the rocks had been incorporated into Japan.
According to Korean historians, Sim immediately contacted Yi Myeong-nae, then Governor of Gangwon Province. Yi then forwarded the report to the State Council Minister of the Korean Empire. State Council Minister Bak Je-sun, in Directive No. 3 issued on May 20, 1906, stated, "It is totally groundless that Dokdo has become Japanese territory," and went on to order "an investigation and report on the situation and on what the Japanese have done." The Japan–Korea Treaty of 1905 had stripped Korea of all its diplomatic rights on 17 November 1905. Five years later, Korea was fully annexed by Japan.
1906 Communication between Japanese Resident-General and the Korean Government.
A curious inquiry and reply are exchanged between Japanese and Korean officials, the result of which is reported in the July 13 edition of Hwangseong Shinmun. In the letter, says the report, the Japanese Resident-General asks which islands are administered by Ulleung Island. The Korean Home Ministry simply lists the same islands as in the 1900 Decree specifying Seokdo, which Korea claims to be Liancourt Rocks. It also adds a physical measurement of what is believed to be Ulleung Island.
The Japanese inquiry is not current with the 1900 Korean Decree in its inaccurate designation of place names and offices, while the Korean reply remains silent on the issue of incorporation of Liancourt Rocks. The details of the reasons for the Resident-General's inquiry and the Korean government's judgement regarding the inquiry are not known.
Prior to the Resident-General's inquiry and the Korean government's response reported on July 13, daily newspapers Hwangseong Shinmun (May 9, 1906) and Daehan Maeil Sinbo (May 1, 1906) had denied the rumoured Japanese local official's claim of incorporating Liancourt Rocks. ""their claim to Dokdo as Japanese territory is totally groundless; the story is really shocking."" Although Hwangseong Shinmun had clearly declared that rumours of the Japanese incorporation of Liancourt Rocks were baseless two months before the July communication, and although the July communication reminded the Resident-General, Itou Hirobumi, of the 1900 Imperial Decree reaffirming Korea's state authority over Liancourt Rocks, there is no evidence that the then Resident-General or any other representation of Imperial Japan raised a formal objection to it.
1920 Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in exile.
In a memorial speech at the first anniversary of the 1919 March 1st Movement, Prime Minister Yi Dongnyeong accused the Japanese government of illegal incorporation of Liancourt Rocks of 1905.
Post World War II era.
The recent dispute stems largely from conflicting interpretations of whether Japan's renunciation of sovereignty over its occupied territories after World War II included the Liancourt Rocks.
Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers (SCAP) of January 29, 1946, listed the Liancourt Rocks, along with many other islands, as part of those territories over which Japanese administration was to be suspended. In the to drafts of the Treaty of San Francisco between Japan and the Allied powers, Liancourt Rocks was described as part of Korea.
The and drafts, made on Dec 29, 1949, and Aug 7, 1950, respectively, ruled that Liancourt Rocks belonged to Japan.
Finally, the U.K. agreed to the US version of the treaty excluding the islands of Quelpart, Port Hamilton and Dagelet from Japan.
Korea claims that its territorial title to Liancourt Rocks was returned to Korea with the surrender of Japan which was enforced by SCAP's prohibitions suspending Japanese access to within from said island which needs to be explicitly revoked in order to effect a change . Such a change modifying the status of Liancourt Rocks has never occurred before "SCAP transferred its jurisdiction... to the United States Army Military Government in Korea on January 29, 1946." The U.S. Military Government in Korea, in turn, reverted all jurisdiction over Liancourt Rocks to the Government of South Korea when it launched on August 15, 1948. South Korea's President Rhee Syngman's announcement of the Peace Line enforced Korea's territorial title to Liancourt Rocks.
US recognition of this format of treaty was Japan recovered full sovereignty under article 1 except islands which were excluded from Japan by name.
Early Japanese efforts to claim Liancourt Rocks and Ulleung Island.
Both countries submitted petitions and documents to persuade the Allied Powers to rule Liancourt Rocks in their favour. The Japanese government's Foreign Office submitted a series of documents, issued from November 1946 to June 1947, entitled "Minor Islands Adjacent to Japan Proper; Parts I-IV", of which "Part IV, Minor Islands in the Pacific, Minor Islands in the Sea of Japan" described Utsuryo-shima (Ulleungdo) and Take-shima (Dokdo, Liancourt Rocks) as Japanese territory.
Many of these claims, regardless of their historical verity, and without critical historical review, were emphasised by William J. Sebald, the then political advisor for SCAP in Tokyo, which eventually had a strong formative influence on the position maintained by the Diplomatic Section of SCAP and the US State Department regarding the territorial aspect of the Peace Treaty.
Educated neither as an historian nor a geographer, went on to build on this early investigation supporting the Japanese claim in a work called for the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs published in 1966, in which he said:
Adherents including , , and Gerry Bevers have presented arguments building on Kawakami's arguments. Recent studies by numerous Korean and Japanese scholars such as Baek In-ki (백인기), Shim Mun-bo (심문보), Yu Mirim (유미림), Lee Han-key (이한기), Wada Haruki 和田春樹, and Jeong Taeman (정태만) have disproved many of the claims.
Early Korean efforts to claim Liancourt Rocks as an appendage or dependency to Ulleung Island.
A corresponding Korean effort came from a private organization self-styled "Patriotic Old Men's Association" led by a former military leader of the Korean Government in Exile, Cho Sung Hwan, on August 5, 1948, ten days before the inauguration of the South Korean government.
They petitioned for the sovereignty of Docksum (Liancourt Rocks), Ullung Do, Tsushima and Parang islands The Headquarters of the Patriotic Men's Association made the following statements to back up Korea's claim to sovereignty over Ulleung Is and Liancourt Rocks:
The document's clear identification of Liancourt Rocks with "Docksum" in the Korean vernacular language is curiously ignored by William Sebald, whose office relayed a facsimile copy to the US State Department. The document is unique in its logical treatment of Liancourt Rocks as an appendage or dependency to Ulleung Is as can be seen in the statement: "these variously named island was the very island 'Ulneungdo'" although some scholars believe the prerequisite to unity theory needs a qualification before it can be applied to the case of Liancourt Rocks.
First US bombing incident over Liancourt Rocks.
SCAP designated Liancourt Rocks as a bombing range (), and notified the Japanese government on September 16, 1947. On June 8, 1948, twenty-nine US B-29 bombers from Kadena, Okinawa, flew over Liancourt Rocks in a bombing exercise dropping seventy-six bombs causing civilian casualties.
The South Korean government announced 16 civilians were killed by the US military drill, higher estimates run up to twenty times that figure, i.e. 320.
One researcher estimates damages somewhere between 30 and 80 fishing boats and civilian deaths between 30 and 100.
Classified US communication to Korean Government.
On Aug 10, 1951, a secret correspondence currently known as the Rusk documents was sent to South Korea communicating the then U.S. position on issues of territorial sovereignty in the Peace Treaty explaining why the US believed Liancourt Rocks were Japanese territory: ""his normally uninhabited rock formation was according to our information never treated as part of Korea and, since about 1905, has been under the jurisdiction of the Oki Islands Branch Office of Shimane Prefecture of Japan. The island does not appear ever before to have been claimed by Korea.""
Korea announces state intention to resume administration.
On January 18, 1952, South Korea, a non-signatory state to the San Francisco Peace Treaty, announced the Presidential Declaration of Sovereignty over Adjacent Seas (Peace Line, Rhee Line) including Liancourt Rocks within Korean territory along the expiring MacArthur Line (SCAPIN#1033; June 22, 1946 – April 1952) before the Peace Treaty came into force on April 28.
On July 18, 1952, South Korea issued a presidential order to seize all illegal foreign vessels engaging in fishing in breach of the Peace Line.
Japanese MOFA acknowledges intention behind bombing range designation.
On May 23, 1952, in a Foreign Affairs committee meeting held in the House of Representatives, Ishihara, Vice-minister of Foreigner Affairs acknowledged MOFA's intention regarding the designation of Liancourt Rocks as bombing range for Occupation Forces in response to a question raised by Yamamoto, a Diet member from the Shimane constituency: "" help Japan get confirmation of its territorial sovereignty over the island.""
Second US bombing incident over Liancourt Rocks raises doubts.
On September 15, 1952, a South Korean scientific expedition aboard Chinnam-ho and a fishing crew of 23 aboard Kwangyong-ho were attacked on Liancourt Rocks waters by a mono-propellered aircraft bearing the US insignia that disappeared in the direction of Japan after dropping four bombs. The Republic of Korea Navy had initially submitted an itinerary to the United Nations Naval Commander in Busan (CTG 95.7) on Sept 7 of the expedition to visit Ulleungdo Island and Liancourt Rocks 14th and 15 September. Granted approval to travel to said areas by CTG 95.7, the expedition departed Busan on Sept 12 unaware of the United States-Japan Joint Committee's bombing plan over Liancourt Rocks for Sept 15.
In response to the bombing incident, the US Embassy to Japan in Tokyo transmitted a message including the following on October 3, 1952, to the US State Department, ""The history of these rocks has been reviewed more than once by the Department, and does not need extensive recounting here. The rocks, which are fertile seal breeding grounds, were at one time part of the Kingdom of Korea. They were, of course, annexed together with the remaining territory of Korea when Japan extended its Empire over the former Korean State... There exists a fair chance that... American bombs may cause loss of life... which will bring the Korean efforts to recapture these islands into more prominent play, and may involve the United States unhappily in the implications of that effort.""
,""It appears that the Department has taken the position that these rocks belong to Japan and has so informed the Korean Ambassador in Washington.[...]it did not appear that they had ever before been claimed by Korea. As a result Article 2(a) of the Treaty of Peace with Japan makes no mention of the Liancourt Rocks.""
Finally, US government kept the understanding of Rusk notes, and , ""The Embassy has taken note of the statement contained in the Ministry's Note that 'Dokdo Island (Liancourt Rocks) ...is a part of the territory of the Republic of Korea.' The United States Government's understanding of the territorial status of this island was stated in assistant Secretary dated August 10, 1951."" .
US role in Japan's sovereignty over Liancourt Rocks.
On Dec 9, 1953, the US Secretary of State John Foster Dulles cabled the American Embassy in Tokyo, ""US view re Takeshima is simply that of one of many signatories to the treaty. The U.S. is not obligated to 'protect Japan' from Korean "pretensions" to Dokdo, and that such an idea cannot...be considered as a legitimate claim for US action under the U.S.-Japan security treaty."""
In 1954, James Van Fleet, a US special mission ambassador, submitted a secret report to U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower after a round of visits to South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and the Philippines. The Report of Van Fleet mission to the Far East summarised: ""he United States concluded that they remained under Japanese sovereignty and the Island was not included among the Islands that Japan released from its ownership under the Peace Treaty ... Though the United States considers that the islands are Japanese territory, we have declined to interfere in the dispute."""
On April 27, 1960, immediately after the resignation of Syngman Rhee, U.S. Ambassador to Japan Douglas MacArthur II sent a telegram to J. Graham Parsons, Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs. In it, he said ""Rhee regime also seized by force and is holding illegally Takeshima Island which has always been considered as Japanese territory. This is very serious and permanent irritant in Japan-ROK relations and there can be no over-all ROK-Japan settlement until this Japanese island is returned to Japan. Therefore we should also press new ROK regime to return Takeshima to Japan."" Further he said ""While we should press strongly for return of Takeshima to Japan, if by any chance new regime were unwilling to do so we should, as very minimum, insist that they agree to submit matter to International Court of Justice for arbitration.""
Proposal to settle before ICJ rejected.
In September 1954 and March 1962, Japan proposed to South Korea that the dispute be referred to the International Court of Justice, but South Korea rejected the proposals. Japan again proposed bringing the dispute to the International Court of Justice in August 2012, which was also officially rejected by South Korea on August 30, 2012.
Sebald predicts negative outcome in Japan's bid for UNSC action, but advises legal counsel.
On November 17, 1954, Japanese Embassy Minister Shigenobu Shima asked William Sebald, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Far Eastern Affairs, and R. B. Finn, Officer in Charge of Japanese Affairs at the State Department, Washington D.C., whether the U.S. would support Japan in the Security Council if it submitted the dispute with the ROK over Liancourt Rocks.
William Sebald responded, "I have personally followed this controversy over a long period of time... although Japan is free to do as it thought best in presenting its case, the Security Council would probably want to see that all bilateral efforts have been exhausted before hearing the case."
He added, "It seems that the ROK will not submit to ICJ arbitration regardless of Security Council action." Sebald added, "It is important for Japan to keep its claim alive and not to permit its rights to be prejudiced by default... A note to the ROK or other periodic formal statements would serve this purpose."
When Embassy Minister Shigenobu Shima asked whether this constituted US recognition of the validity of Japan´s claim, Sebald responded, "US relations with the ROK had recently improved," noting, "The US-ROK Mutual Defense Treaty is being brought into force on November 17...The general understanding had been agreed to in Seoul."
As of 2011, the United States Department of State would stand on a neutral position on this issue.
1965 Treaty on Basic Relations.
In 1965, the Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea was signed which recognized the Liancourt Rocks dispute. The conditions in the treaty pertaining to the Liancourt Rocks were as follows:
The "Joongang Ilbo" reported in 2007 that this portion of the treaty was ordered destroyed by Chun Doo-hwan in the 1980s.
Recent conflict.
On April 25, 2006, President Roh Moo-hyun of South Korea announced a special dialog about Korea–Japan relations, that demanded Japanese government's actions following the apology of Japan about previous colonization of Korea.
In the dialog, he said 'Dokdo is Korean territory, not an ordinary Korean territory, but Korean territory which had been carved with bitter grief. Dokdo is the first Korean territory which was deprived of when Japan colonized Korea. Japan occupied the land for the battles during Russo-Japanese war'. And he expressed that Japanese claim for Dokdo means a pursuit of the right for the occupied land by imperial invasion, hence the claim for a previous colony. He stated that Dokdo was a symbol of the recovery of Korean sovereignty. This address related to a Japanese plan, announced the day before, for a maritime survey around the Liancourt Rocks.
Japan argued that as it would be undertaking the survey in its own claimed EEZ, there was no need to obtain South Korea's consent and that announcing its intentions was a simple courtesy. South Korea said it would arrest Japanese Coast Guard survey boats if they began to survey in South Korea's claimed zone. To back up its threat, it dispatched 20 gunboats to the area to conduct high seas seizure drills. In these circumstances, U.S. ambassador in Tokyo, Tom Schieffer stated "the United States understands that Japan is within its rights under international law. The Koreans are behaving irrationally, and the United States is concerned that they may do something crazy, causing a major problem." In July 2006, the South Korean government sent a research ship to collect data on currents around the Liancourt Rocks and stated "research is just an act based on sovereignty". On July 5, the research vessel, followed by a South Korean escort ship, entered the area.
On July 14, 2008, South Korea temporarily recalled its ambassador to Japan, after the Japanese government decided to mention the dispute over the islands in the for social study classes in junior high school. The Korean Coast Guard strengthened its early warning system as a preventative measure against any possible attempt by Japanese right-wing groups to land on the islets. On July 18, 2008, there was a protest in front of the Japanese embassy in Seoul. The South Korean government considered sending marines to replace a police contingent on Dokdo to thwart Japan's territorial claim to the islets.
Prime Minister Han Seung-soo expressed strong dissatisfaction for Japan's Education Ministry. The South Korean government is also considering building infrastructure to provide tap water, establishing an oceanic scientific base, dispatching public officials to the area, allowing free public access to the islets, and turning Dokdo into a resort area with hotels.
South Korea rejected a Japanese offer for a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the annual ASEAN regional security summit in Singapore. North Korea also rejected Japan's sovereignty over the islands and expressed support for South Korean control of the islands. Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary expressed concern that military tensions would escalate.
In July 2008, the U.S. Board on Geographic Names (BGN) changed the name of the country to which Liancourt Rocks belong from South Korea to Undesignated Sovereignty and also changed the name from "Dokdo" to "Liancourt Rocks". Responding to this change, Gonzalo R. Gallegos, Acting Deputy Spokesman of the U.S. State Department, said on July 28, 2008 that the United States has long maintained a policy stance of neutrality on the islets, and that the latest change does not represent any policy change within the U.S. government.
The classification of the Liancourt Rocks as Undesignated Sovereignty in the BGN database was reversed on July 30 under the order of U.S. President George W. Bush, once again marking the status of Liancourt Rocks under South Korean control.
President Lee's 2012 visit to the Liancourt Rocks.
On August 10, 2012, the President of South Korea, Lee Myung-Bak, visited the Liancourt Rocks, which made him the first South Korean president to do so. Japan temporarily withdrew its ambassador to South Korea, Masatoshi Muto, and Minister for Foreign Affairs Kōichirō Gemba summoned the South Korean ambassador to file a complaint and threatened to lodge a case with the International Court of Justice, (ICJ) which was rejected by South Korea. It could do so because both countries party to a dispute must agree to such ICJ cases. It was the first time for Japan to make such a move in 47 years, since Japan and South Korea officially re-established relations in 1965.
2012 Japanese proposal to settle before ICJ.
On August 21, 2012 Japan officially proposed to South Korea that the two countries refer the dispute to the ICJ, this was officially rejected by South Korea on August 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21546016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546016" title="Lyudmila Marchenko">
Lyudmila Marchenko

Lyudmila Marchenko (20 June 1940 – 23 January 1997) was a Soviet film actress. She appeared in twelve films between 1959 and 1976. She starred in the film "Otchiy dom", which competed for the Palme d'Or at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21546034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546034" title="Sadhu Ram Sharma">
Sadhu Ram Sharma

Sadhu Ram Sharma is a leader of the Indian National Congress party from Haryana, a state in the Punjab region of India. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha in the Indian Parliament. A noted Gandhi loyalist, he rose in political circles to become one of the most powerful men in Haryana.
Personal life.
Sadhu Ram Sharma was born into a Sharma family from Haryana in 1921. He received a B.Sc.(agri.) from Cornell University in the United States.
His brother Shankar Dayal Sharma (August 19, 1918 - December 26, 1999) was the 9th President of the Republic of India, serving from 1992 to 1997. Sadhu Ram Sharma is also the father of Ashok Kumar Sharma, an MP in the Rajya Sabha under the banner of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Political initiation.
During the 1940s Sadhu Ram Sharma was involved in the struggle for Indian independence from Britain. He joined the Indian National Congress with his brother Shanker Dayal Sharma. In the 1960s he become a member of the Rajya Sabha in the Indian Parliament, under the banner of the Indian National Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="21546035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546035" title="Hilde Vogt">
Hilde Vogt

Hilde Vogt (born 3 November 1945) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party. She was Party Secretary of the Socialist Left Party from 1985-1989.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hedmark during the term 1985–1989 and 1993–1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21546052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546052" title="Valentin Zubkov">
Valentin Zubkov

Valentin Ivanovich Zubkov (; 12 May 1923 – 18 January 1979) was a Soviet film actor.
Valentin Ivanovich Zubkov was born in Peschanoye Settlement of Ryazan Province. He finished Armavir Military Aviation School (1941—1943) and served as a pilot at frontlines of the German-Soviet War.
In the late 1940s Valentin Zubkov studied in Konstantin Voynov’s studio and later played the leads in his films "Three Came Out of the Woods" (Troe vyshli iz lesa) (1959) and "The Sun Shines for All" (Solntse svetit vsem) (1959), as well as episodic roles in "Time of Summer Vacations" (Vremya letnikh otpuskov) (1960) and "Dream of an Uncle" (Dyadushkin son) (1966).
He gave his film debut in Lev Kulidzhanov and Yakov Segel’s "It Began This Way" (Eto nachinalos tak...) (1956).
In 1960 he joined the Theatre Studio of Film Actor.
In 1957 Valentin Zubkov played a front soldier in "The Cranes Are Flying" (Letyat zhuravli) (1957) and a cowardly villain in "The Communist" (Kommunist) (1958).
The actor’s most famous roles include those in the films "Our Father's House" (Otchiy dom) (1959), "Leon Garros Is Looking for His Friend" (Leon Garros ishchet druga) (1961), "Northern Story" (Severnaya povest) (1960), "Ivan's Childhood" (Ivanovo detstvo) (1962), and "A Day of Happiness" (Den schastya) (1963).
In the "Hospital Train" (Poezd miloserdiya) (1964) Zubkov played together with his son Sergey.
In summer 1977 tragedy befell the actor’s family: his only son Sergei Zubkov died in an accident at the age of 23. It was an unbearable blow for the actor: soon after that he fell badly ill with deep sclerosis. Valentin Zubkov died in a hospital on 18 January 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21546070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546070" title="Drskovče">
Drskovče

Drskovče is a village south of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The small church in the settlement is dedicated to Our Lady of Sorrows and belongs to the Parish of Zagorje.

</doc>
<doc id="21546081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546081" title="Claudia Llosa">
Claudia Llosa

Claudia Llosa (born 15 November 1976) is a Peruvian film director, writer and producer.
Life and career.
She was born in Lima, studied in Newton College and received a degree in communication studies in the University of Lima. She is the niece of the Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa and the film director Luis Llosa. At the end of the 1990s she moved to Madrid, Spain. From 1998 to 2001 she studied at the film academy "Escuela TAI". At the end of her studies she started working on the script for "Madeinusa". She moved to Barcelona working in the advertising industry. 
"Madeinusa" enjoyed its premiere in competition at Sundance Festival 2006, won the prize for the best unpublished script at the 2003 Havana Film Festival and several international awards, including the FIPRESCI international critics award at Rotterdam Festival and the Best Latin American Film Award at Malaga Festival, among others.
In 2009 Llosa finished her second film "The Milk of Sorrow" ("La teta asustada") which was shortlisted for the 59th Berlin International Film Festival. It was the first Peruvian film nominated for the Golden Bear award, and won the main award.
On February 2, 2010 Llosa's "The Milk of Sorrow" was nominated for the Academy Award in the Best Foreign Film Category. Also in 2010 Claudia Llosa was invited to become a member of Hollywood’s Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. 
In 2012 Claudia Llosa's short "Loxoro", produced by the Oscar winner Juan José Campanella was shortlisted for the Berlin International Film Festival. "Loxoro" won the Teddy Award in the category of Best Short Film.
Her 2014 film "Aloft" had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21546083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546083" title="U.S. Route 95 Alternate (Las Vegas)">
U.S. Route 95 Alternate (Las Vegas)

U.S. Route 95 Alternate (Alternate US 95, US 95A) was an alternate route of U.S. Route 95 in Las Vegas, Nevada that provided a bypass of the downtown area. The route was also designated as State Route 5C (SR 5C), a branch of State Route 5.
Route description.
US 95A and SR 5C began at the intersection of Charleston Boulevard and Fremont Street (then US 93, US 95, US 466 and SR 5; now SR 582) in Las Vegas. From there, the highway proceeded along Charleston Boulevard, crossing US 91 and US 466, to a junction approximately to the west. At this point, Charleston Boulevard continued west along then-SR 85 while Alternate US 95 curved northward to follow Rancho Road (now Rancho Drive) to a terminus at Bonanza Road (then US 95 and SR 5; now SR 579).
History.
It is unclear when State Route 5C and Alternate US 95 were first designated. A 1952 map of downtown Las Vegas (depicting road layouts as of late-1950) shows the highway alignment with the state route number and without the US highway designation. Another map, produced by a Las Vegas realty company in 1955, depicts Alternate US 95 on this alignment, but no state highways. In the Las Vegas area inset of Nevada's official 1953 state map (the first version of the map to have city insets), US 95A and SR 5C are shown prominently, but without any highway labels. State highway maps would frequently display the route as a major thoroughfare up through the 1987–88 version. With the 1976 renumbering of Nevada's state routes and US 95 freeway construction throughout the 1970s and 1980s, the State Route 5C and Alternate US 95 designations were likely eliminated prior to this time.

</doc>
<doc id="21546088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546088" title="Nils Vogt">
Nils Vogt

Nils Vogt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21546093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546093" title="Torikaebaya Monogatari">
Torikaebaya Monogatari

, translated into English as The Changelings, is a Japanese tale from the late Heian period (794 to 1185) by an unknown author, or possibly more than one author. It is four volumes in length.
It is the tale of two siblings whose mannerisms are those of the opposite sex, and their relationships in the Emperor's court. It has been adapted as a novel, two different manga series, and a Takarazuka Revue play. It was translated into English in 1983. The reception of the tale over time has depended on how the society sees sex and gender issues, with one reading of it being as a ribald erotic comedy, while another reading is as a serious attempt to discuss sex and gender issues through a medieval Buddhist understanding.
Story.
The story tells of a Sadaijin (high-ranking courtier) who has two similar-looking children by different mothers, a boy called Wakagimi and a girl called Himegimi, but their mannerisms are those of the opposite sex. The title, "Torikaebaya", literally means "If only I could exchange them!", an exasperated cry by the father. The Sadaijin plans to have them join religious orders, but the news of the talents of the "son" spreads to the court. The children go through the coming of age ceremonies for the opposite sex, and the Sadaijin presents his daughter as a man to the court, and his son as a woman.
The man disguised as a woman, now known as the rank of Naishi no Kami (head of the ceremonies committee), becomes the sheltered princess's confidante, whereas the woman disguised as a man becomes a Chūnagon (mid-ranking courtier). The siblings are worried that they will be exposed, and so Naishi no Kami is even shyer than most ladies of the court, and the Chūnagon more aloof than is seemly. Despite this, the Chūnagon has platonic affairs with the elder Yoshino princess and the Lady of the Reikeiden. Naishi no Kami is pursued by men — the Crown Prince falls in love with Naishi no Kami based on her reputation, and pursuing her relentlessly. The Chūnagon's best friend, Saishō Chūjō, attempts to seduce Naishi no Kami for a period of two nights and a day.
The daughter marries a woman, Shi no Kimi (Fourth Daughter). Saishō attempts to educate the Chūnagon's wife that couples do more than hold hands and sleep next to each other all night. Naishi no Kami similarly avoids the pursuit of the Crown Prince. Saishō has an affair with Shi no Kimi, and then turns his attention to the Chūnagon, discovering in a grappling match the Chūnagon's true sex. He then begins to court the Chūnagon in the usual manner, and insists that she return to being a woman. The Chūnagon becomes pregnant and hides herself away from the court. Naishi no Kami has sex with the princess, and she becomes pregnant. Naishi no Kami dresses as a man and searches for the Chūnagon, and after the Chūnagon gives birth, the siblings swap places.
The tengu who cursed the siblings in their previous lives to not be content with the sex they were born with has since become a Buddhist — Willig's translation mistakenly says that it's the siblings' father who has turned to the path. Because of the tengu's conversion to Buddhism, as the siblings resolve to swap roles and dress in the clothes of their physical sex, they become content. The former Naishi no Kami marries the sheltered princess, the elder Yoshino princess, and "remains" married to Shi no Kimi. He attains the rank of Sadaijin. The Crown Prince, now Emperor, has sex with the former Chūnagon, and is dismayed to find she is not a virgin, but marries her anyway. Saishō never learns what became of the former Chūnagon, the princess barely notices the change in her female companion, and the siblings live happily ever after and have many children with their new spouses.
Main characters.
A Note on Heian names: The characters do not possess the equivalent of birth names. Instead they are assigned sobriquets from the particular court positions they or their fathers occupy, or from the name of their residence. See also Japanese name.
Authorship.
It is unknown whether "Torikaebaya Monogatari" was written by a man or a woman, but it has been theorised that there were two versions of the tale, the first known as "Torikaebaya" or "Kō Torikaebaya", thought to have been written by a man, and the latter, known as "Ima Torikaebaya", written by a woman. "Mumyōzōshi", written by a female author between 1200 and 1202, which critiques various Heian tales, says there are two versions of the tale. In her opinion, the "Ima Torikaebaya" is the far superior of the two works. The earlier version of the tale has "disagreeable" scenes, including a scene discussing the Chūnagon's menstruation, and a scene where the former Chūnagon gives birth while still partially dressed as a man, which scandalised the author of the "Mumyōzōshi". Another scene not present in the later version is a scene where the male characters discuss "monogatari" on a "day of abstinence", which is considered similar to scenes from "The Tale of Genji", but not as good by the author of the "Mumyōzōshi", as it is an imitation. It is thought that the current version of the Torikaebaya is somewhere between the older and newer versions of the tale known by the author of "Mumyōzōshi".
Meiji scholars thought that the tale was too degenerate to have possibly been written by a woman, but it has been pointed out that other tales "with a similar focus on the physical" are known to have been written by women. In the case of the earlier version of the tale, this may have been a case of a man imitating the writing conventions of female authors. Rosette F. Willig, who translated it into English, considers the version she used, "Ima Torikaebaya", to have been written between 1100–70, and suggested that some elements of the tale may be autobiographical. There are over eighty extant manuscripts of "Torikaebaya Monogatari".
The setting of Torikaebaya is at some "indefinite point" in the distant past of the Heian era — the Crown Princess's status adds to the "air of antiquity" in the work, as that particular issue of succession did not present itself from the eighth century to the seventeenth century. The tale takes place in Uji, Kyoto and Yoshino. Uji is a few hours walk to the south of Kyoto, but Yoshino is a full day's journey south of Kyoto. Saisho regularly travels between Kyoto and Uji in the first half of the story, but "knows nothing" of events in Yoshino.
Reception.
The reception of the tale has been mixed, depending on the society's view of sex and gender. The Mumyozoshi censures only Shi no Kimi, who should have been satisfied with her faithful and attentive (if female) husband. Meiji period critics were particularly repulsed by the tale, calling it part of the decline of the aristocracy, and due to this reputation, it received little study even as recently as 1959. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Morioka Tsuneo, , and Sen'ichi Hisamatsu studied the tale's ethical aspects, attempting to rehabilitate the work from its reputation. More recently LGBT critics have prized the tale for its portrayal of lesbianism, centuries before the Class S genre, although Gregory Pflugfelder does not see the tale as being "lesbian", as he finds it problematic to apply modern labels to older texts.
"Torikaebaya" has been described as a "sensationalist", "sprightly" and entertaining tale, but to Willig and Gatten, it is questionable as to whether the tale is intended as a farce, as during the period such issues were considered very grave and the results of bad karma in a former life. Gatten believes the tale to begin farcically, but says the characters grow out of their initial stereotypes to gain enough "psychological depth" to solve their difficulties, and the tale becomes a "realistic treatment of Heian sexual roles". Rohlich says that Torikaebaya is "clearly not meant to be comic", despite the plot deriving largely from "ironic misunderstandings" about the switch, "all else" in the tale, such as the relationships and the pursuits are "familiar stock-in-trade" from the "monogatari" genre. "The Princeton Companion to Classical Japanese Literature" says that "Torikaebaya" has several "delightful comic touches", such as the Chūnagon being thoroughly surprised when her wife Shi no Kimi becomes pregnant. "Torikaebaya" is also detailed in terms of its references to the effects of the weather, and the Chūnagon's morning sickness. Hayao Kawai considers the "alchemy" of the tale to be the "double existence" of the siblings, which drives the plot from beginning to end. Rohlich loses interest in the latter half of the tale after the siblings switch back.
The "Companion" considers "Torikaebaya" to deal with issues of sex, sexuality and gender "more profoundly" than William Shakespeare or Ben Jonson. The princess's acceptance of the male Naishi no Kami as a female and a lover has been variously described as either that she is very sheltered, or that sexual relationships were common between court ladies at the time. Although the tale has been regarded as immoral, Gregory Pflugfelder says that ultimately, the tale conforms to traditional roles. The father of the children initially considers their condition to be preordained as "retribution" for something they did in their past lives, as part of a Buddhist worldview. Pflugfelder says that in the original text, the siblings' condition is not labelled definitively — where Willig adds "confusion of sexual identity", the original text says merely "such a condition". The tengu were considered at the time to be evil, and the enemies of Buddhism.
Anthony J. Bryant describes the encounters between Saishō and the Chūnagon, and the Emperor and the former Chūnagon as rape. Margaret Childs believes that in love relationships in ancient Japan, showing vulnerability was highly prized and erotic, unlike in modern American society. She believes that for both sexes, nurturing was "a fundamental component of love". Thus, when a woman expresses distress at a man's overtures, she becomes erotic to him. Childs contrasts the different ways that Naishi no Kami, Shi no Kimi and the female Chūnagon resist the overtures of Saishō. Naishi no Kami, the only successful resistant, resists by remaining cold and "impassive". Saishō becomes distressed, but Naishi no Kami remains unmoved. Although it is important to the plot that Naishi no Kami should not be discovered as a man, Childs believes that Naishi no Kami's tactic would have been considered plausible by the audience. Shi no Kimi, on the other hand, is initially frightened of Saishō, and so he "assaults" her, and then afterwards comforts her. He coerces a servant into letting him into Shi no Kimi's quarters. Eventually, as Saishō shows his own vulnerability through their encounters, she becomes attracted to him. Saishō found Chūnagon attractive, both through 'his' own beauty and because Chūnagon reminds Saishō of Shi no Kimi and Naishi no Kami. One evening as they were talking, and Chūnagon was "affectionately" listening to Saishō's love problems, Saishō embraces Chūnagon, and tells the Chūnagon that he loves 'him', thinking she is a man. The Chūnagon becomes angry with Saisho and tells him off, but Saishō only becomes more fervent in his embrace, and discovers the Chūnagon is a woman. Chūnagon then loses her courage - though she remains cold, she no longer actively resists him.
The ending has been called "surprisingly dark" by "The Princeton Companion to Classical Japanese Literature", although it does not expand on this line of thought. Gatten describes the ending as being happy, and "The Companion" notes that the former Chūnagon achieves great things as Empress, as the Yoshino Prince predicted. The many children of the siblings at the tale's close, noted in the "Mumyōzōshi", are seen as a sign that all is as it should be.
Some of the Chūnagon's affairs with women have been compared with those in "The Tale of Genji", but with different results, as the Chūnagon is a woman. "Torikaebaya Monogatari" has many allusions to "The Tale of Genji" and "Hamamatsu Chūnagon Monogatari", so much so that Gatten suggests its genre should be considered something like the "honkadori" in a "waka", where an older poem is alluded to in a poem.
The character of the daughter is focused on in the story much more so than the character of the son, and her characterisation is considered an argument for a female author of "Torikaebaya". Her public persona as the Chūnagon fits into the androgynous beautiful hero type of the monogatari, like Hikaru Genji or Yamato Takeru, rendering it especially ironic when Saishō, smarting after having been refused by Naishi no Kami, wishes his beautiful friend the Chūnagon was a woman. Rohlich describes the Chūnagon as unique amongst monogatari figures, as not even The Lady who Loved Insects is as eccentric as the Chūnagon is. Rohlich considers the Chūnagon to be a modern successful career woman, whose talents are "frustrated" by her unexpected pregnancy. Even after she returns to living as a woman, she uses her experience as a man to control her emotions, unlike other ladies of the court, who easily give into despair. After the Chūnagon gives birth, she is conflicted between escaping Saishō, and her love for her baby, which Kawai characterises as a conflict between "being herself" and "being a mother". She chooses independence. Kawai says that although her desire for independence is "normal" to a modern Western audience, in Heian Japan it was an "extremely difficult" decision. After she becomes Empress she meets her child by chance in the court and cannot tell him that she is his mother. She is overcome with emotion, but tells him that she knows his mother and that his mother loves and misses him.
The characterisation of the tale has been criticised by Shūichi Katō, who describes the characters' reactions as "hackneyed", and their characters as "not clearly defined". Katō describes the story as "unreal", and decries the "scenes of perverted sexuality" throughout the story.
Hayao Kawai says that he is not aware of an equivalent tale to "Torikaebaya" in Japan or in other languages, but he can draw a parallel between the Chūnagon and a tale from Ovid's "Metamorphoses" of Iphis and Ianthe. Iphis, (a unisex name) is raised as a boy from her infancy, and when she comes of age, her father arranges a meeting with Ianthe. The two girls fall in love, but Iphis is torn as she believes she cannot marry Ianthe as Iphis is physically female. She prays to Isis and is transformed into a man. Iphis and Ianthe happily wed. Kawai considers Iphis's suffering to be similar to that of the Chūnagon, but that the Chūnagon becomes a true woman without the aid of a miracle. Kawai considers the Sadaijin's dream which reveals the tengu's curse to be a moment of harmony between the "exterior reality and the interior reality".
In other tales with transvestite themes, transvestitism is used as a deliberate ploy to gain some advantage, but in "Torikaebaya" the characters do not intend to engage in shenanigans.
Kawai says that many different kinds of love relationships are shown in "Torikaebaya", between siblings, parent and child, and lovers. He considers it "remarkable" that jealousy does not figure in these tangled webs of love. Kawai describes the siblings as "bisexuals" — when the Chūnagon is cuckolded, although she feels sorry for herself, she can also feel "compassion" for her wife, who is in an unusual marriage. When the Chūnagon is hidden away in Uji by Saishō, Saishō returns to Shi no Kimi, and the Chūnagon briefly feels jealous, but she uses her experience as a man to attain some emotional distance. She resolves to escape Saishō after having her child, and "pretends to love him passionately". The Emperor, although dismayed that the former Chūnagon (or, as he thinks, Naishi no Kami) is not a virgin, he does not confront her about her previous lover. Kawai says this is another way jealousy is avoided in the tale. Saishō does not understand what happened to the former Chūnagon, and he quizzes his new wife, the younger Yoshino Princess about the matter fruitlessly. To preserve his home’s harmony, he gives up trying to locate the former Chūnagon. To Kawai, this "reflects his lack of jealousy". For Kawai, a modern audience may disrespect Saishō and the Emperor for not seeking out the truth above all else in these matters, but Kawai thinks that the author believes that jealousy is a "dissonance" in love, and a slight "dissonance" is preferable, as it heightens awareness of the "beauty" of the work. In his view, Saishō and the Emperor putting aside their jealousy prevents the work from having too much "dissonance". Kawai says that by changing one's point of view, for example, becoming like the opposite sex as the siblings do, "useless conflicts" can be sidestepped. He regards "bisexuality" as a counter to "violent feelings of jealousy", as it enriches a relationship and leaves jealousy no foothold.
Kawai regards the author's intent in "Torikaebaya" as pursuing an aesthetic, rather than writing "a sentimental story spiced with erotic scenes". Kawai suggests that the author of Torikaebaya sought to improve on the aesthetic of "The Tale of Genji" by imbuing their characters with "the virtues of each sex". By showing love scenes between two men or two women, albeit with one partner playing the role of the opposite sex, Kawai believes the author attempted to show that "a man is lovelier when his feminine side is revealed" and also that "a woman becomes more beautiful when she shows her masculine side". When the Chūnagon repairs to Uji to have her baby by the suggestion of Saisho, she is overcome by depression. When she reaches Kohata, where she might escape notice, she decides "to reveal she is female". She takes out her flute, which she had owned since childhood, and begins playing it for the last time. She was very sad, and she played "splendidly, the sound was indescribable". This scene is an allusion to Genji, where two lovers escape to Uji. In that scene, young men play the flute, as it is a traditionally male instrument. Kawai finds the image of a young man, who is becoming a woman, to be a 'unique moment of transition'.
Kawai describes "Torikaebaya" as being similar to Honoré de Balzac's "Séraphîta", about an angelic androgyne who is loved by both a man and a woman, who each believe the androgyne to be the opposite sex to themselves. For Kawai, like in "Séraphîta", the "union" of masculinity and femininity in the siblings is "something divine", although it is not as clear in "Torikaebaya" as it is in "Séraphîta". Pflugfelder describes the siblings as "quasi-divine", drawing a parallel with the Dragon King’s daughter from the Lotus Sutra, who by her devotion to Buddhism transforms into a man and begins to teach the Dharma. Kawai notes that the siblings cannot be "properly united as they are not lovers or spouses".
Pflugfelder regards the siblings' switches as an example of gender performativity, he notes that each of the siblings will have to re-learn courtly manners in their birth gender, but that their performances as the opposite gender were "convincing", and suggests that in Japanese, gender roles are spoken of with modifiers that make gender seem "mutable" or "superficial".
The heroine of "Ariake no Wakare" is similar to Himegimi, and like Himegimi, she has romantic relationships with other women.
Although it may seem strange that the siblings pass, Nishimura points out the male-role actors in the Takarazuka Revue. He also notes that Heian-era clothing had many layers, which Cavanaugh says in the tale is revealed to both "identify gender and mask sex". Torikaebaya has been noted as placing great importance on clothes in the narrative compared to other Heian monogatari. When the siblings dress in the garments of their sex, their gender changes to become that of their sex.
Translations and adaptations.
Yasunari Kawabata translated the tale into modern Japanese "shortly after the conclusion of the Pacific War". This and subsequent translations led to the tale being rehabilitated from its Meiji period reputation of immorality by Tsuneo Morioka, Hiromichi Suzuki and Sen'ichi Hisamatsu in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
"Torikaebaya Monogatari" was translated by Rosette F. Willig into English in 1983 as "The Changelings". She had previously translated the tale for her doctoral dissertation. Her translation is based on an annotated edition of the tale by Hiromichi Suzuki, published in 1973 by Kasama Shoin as "Torikaebaya Monogatari no Kenkyu". The choice of the translated title has been criticised as seeming to imply that the tale is magical, but Horton has referred to the translated title as "inspired". Willig does not discuss why she chose "The Changelings" as being the title of the tale. "Chūnagon" is always referred to as male in the translation, and "Naishi no Kami" is female, regardless of whether the brother or sister is in the role. Thus, before the siblings switch, Willig's translation refers to the character by their assumed sex, leading to such structures as the Chūnagon feeling confined by "his pregnant condition". One reviewer has described this as "awkward", but relates that pronouns were genderless and so they do not consider this to be the original author's fault. At times, the translation has been said to be too colloquial, such as the Emperor crying "Oh, god!" when he discovers his reticent lady is not a virgin. There are many errors in the bibliography for the translation. The introduction to the story makes many generalisations about Japanese literature, some of which are "misleading", especially the categorisation of "Torikaebaya" as a "giko monogatari" (imitation epic tale). Gatten has described the translation as "highly readable". Harper describes the prose of the translation as "wretched". Kelsey was disappointed that the foreword was so short and did not include discussion of androgyny in monogatari, but he suggests this may be due to pressure from the publisher to keep the book short. Despite the mixed reception of the translation, "The Changelings" has been recognised as an important contribution to the field of Heian monogatari study.
"Torikaebaya Monogatari" was translated by Michael Stein into German in 1994 as "Die vertauschten Geschwister" (lit. "The exchanged siblings"), and into French by Renée Garde in 2009 as "Si on les échangeait. Le Genji travesti".
Saeko Himuro adapted the story as a two-volume novel published by Shueisha under the Cobalt Bunko imprint in 1983. This was adapted as a manga illustrated by Naomi Yamauchi, who worked with Himuro on other series, which was serialised by Hakusensha in "Bessatsu Hana to Yume" and "Hana to Yume" c. 1986 and collected in four "tankōbon" volumes released between 1987 and 88.
Toshie Kihara adapted the story into a one-volume manga called (ISBN 978-4-09-191221-3) which was published in February 1998. "Torikaebaya Ibun" was then adapted as a Takarazuka Revue play staged in 1987, starring , , and . It was restaged in February 2010 starring and .
"Torikaebaya" briefly appears in the "Onnagata" story in "Death in Midsummer and other stories" by Yukio Mishima.
The characters of "Maria-sama ga Miteru" by Oyuki Konno perform a bowdlerised version of "Torikaebaya" in the 19th book of the series, published in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21546094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546094" title="Lyusyena Ovchinnikova">
Lyusyena Ovchinnikova

Lyusyena Ovchinnikova (10 September 1931 – 8 January 1999) was a Soviet film actress. She appeared in 37 films between 1959 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21546098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546098" title="Ligiidae">
Ligiidae

Ligiidae is a family of woodlice, the only family in the infraorder Diplocheta. Its members are common on rocky shores, in similar habitats to those inhabited by species of the bristletail "Petrobius" and the crab "Cyclograpsus". The family contains the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="21546107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546107" title="Diplocheta">
Diplocheta

The name Diplocheta has been variously used for various taxa:

</doc>
<doc id="21546112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546112" title="Malcolm Stewart">
Malcolm Stewart

Malcolm Stewart or Stuart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21546114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546114" title="Čepno">
Čepno

Čepno is a small village northwest of Gornja Košana in the Municipality of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church, a small building on a hill above the settlement, is dedicated to the Holy Trinity and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21546115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546115" title="María Juan Millet">
María Juan Millet

Maria Celeste Juan Millet (1953, Valencia, Spain) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). 
After gaining a degree in Economic and Business Sciences, Juan joined the PSOE in 1974 at a time when membership was still illegal under the Franco dictatorship. At the 1986 General Election she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia Province and was re-elected in the subsequent elections in 1989 serving until 1993.
Aside from politics, she worked as a deputy director in the regional finance and tax inspectorate.

</doc>
<doc id="21546121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546121" title="Multiverse (diversity)">
Multiverse (diversity)

Multiverse is an Initial Teacher Education (ITE) Professional Resource Network (funded by the Training and Development Agency for Schools created to meet the challenge of raising the achievement of pupils from diverse backgrounds. Issues in relation to Social class, religious diversity, Refugees and Asylum Seekers, and Travellers and Romani are also explored.
Member organizations.
Multiverse is a consortium of eight Initial Teacher Training institutions from across England, with Lightbox Education (formerly 3T Productions–a subsidiary of Research Machines plc.) and Trentham Books, working with Local Education Authorities and community groups:
The Website.
The website contains resources selected by experts working in the Multiverse Consortium. They range from ITE learning and teaching materials, research papers, government reports, articles from the media, case studies, and video clips.
The website is organised into six Diversity Topics:

</doc>
<doc id="21546156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546156" title="David Vogt">
David Vogt

David Vogt (2 May 1793 – 6 June 1861) was a Norwegian politician.
He was the son of Niels Nielsen Vogt, Sr (1755–1809), and a brother of priest and politician Niels Nielsen Vogt and politician Jørgen Herman Vogt. He was an uncle of Volrath Vogt, Nils Vogt and Jens Theodor Paludan Vogt.
He was the father of Colonel Carl Jacob Vogt and physician Olaus Fredrik Sand Vogt, and a grandfather of professor of medicine Jørgen Herman Vogt, metallurgist Johan Herman Lie Vogt and professor of medicine Ragnar Vogt.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1836, representing the constituency of Moss. He was the stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged") in that city. He was re-elected in 1839, 1842, 1845 and 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="21546157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546157" title="Nyiva Mwendwa">
Nyiva Mwendwa

Winfred Nyiva Mwendwa is a Kenyan politician. She was the first Kenyan woman to serve as a cabinet minister. 
She was educated at Alliance Girls High School. She was elected for the post of Kitui West Constituency MP three times, in 1974 and 1992 representing KANU and in 2002 representing NARC. At the 2007 elections she contested the seat on the ODM-Kenya ticket, but lost to Charles Mutisya Nyamai.
Mwendwa was appointed the Minister for Culture and Social Services after the 1992 election, becoming the first female minister in Kenya. 
She caused a national disfavour in 1995 when she travelled to women’s conference in Beijing in 1995 and took a hairdresser as a part of her delegation. Mwendwa herself defended the decision by stating that being a delegation leader, she must take care of her appearance.
Her husband Kitili Maluki Mwendwa was Kenyan chief justice and politician. Kitili Mwendwa died in a traffic accident in 1985. He was at the time the Kitui West MP, his seat was taken at the subsequent by-election by his brother Kyale Mwendwa. His other brother, Eliud Ngala Mwendwa is also a former Kenyan minister.
She lives in Matinyani village in Kitui District. Nyiva Mwendwa has two children, Kavinya and Maluki.

</doc>
<doc id="21546162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546162" title="Policarpo (film)">
Policarpo (film)

Policarpo () is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21546163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546163" title="Gornja Košana">
Gornja Košana

Gornja Košana is a village west of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21546177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546177" title="Etsumi Haruki">
Etsumi Haruki


</doc>
<doc id="21546209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546209" title="Un-balanced">
Un-balanced

Un-balanced is a 1995 album by Japanese pop singer Ken Hirai.
Track list.
1 Futari no Meiro 二人の迷路 
2 Negative 
3 Precious Junk 
4 Egao 笑顔
5 Katahō zutsu no Ear phone 片方ずつのイヤフォン 
6 Easy
7 Yaburitai 破りたい
8 Aozora 青空
9 Hanabira 花びら
10 White: Boku ni Aitai (僕に会いたい)
11 Star

</doc>
<doc id="21546212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546212" title="Niels Nielsen Vogt">
Niels Nielsen Vogt

Niels Nielsen Vogt (10 February 1798 – 6 March 1869) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was the son of Niels Nielsen Vogt, Sr. (1755–1809), and a brother of priest and politicians David and Jørgen Herman Vogt. He was an uncle of Volrath Vogt and Nils Vogt.
He was the father of chief physician Peter Herman Vogt and engineer Jens Theodor Paludan Vogt, father-in-law of Johanne Vogt and grandfather of poet Nils Collett Vogt.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839, representing the constituency of Søndre Bergenhus Amt, where he worked as a vicar. He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="21546218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546218" title="Yunnan Tin">
Yunnan Tin

Yunnan Tin Group (Holding) Company Limited (YTC) is the largest tin producer and exporter in China and the world. It is headquartered in Kunming, Yunnan. It involves in the production, processing and export of tin metal, and also for the production of tin-based and arsenic-based chemicals. It was established in 1883 by the Government of Qing Dynasty as the Gejiu Manufacture & Commercial Bureau (China Merchants).
It owns two listed subsidiaries, Yunnan Tin Company Limited () and Sino-Platinum Metals Company Limited (). It was established in 1998 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2000. It is the only stock company in the Chinese tin industry.

</doc>
<doc id="21546224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546224" title="Jacob Toorenvliet">
Jacob Toorenvliet

Jacob Toorenvliet (1640–1719) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of genre works.
Biography.
Toorenvliet was born in Leiden, to Abraham Toorenvliet (1620–1692), a glass painter and drawing instructor. The younger Toorenvliet first studied art with Frans van Mieris the Elder and Matthijs Naiveu, who were also studying with his father, a respected drawing teacher. Later, like his fellow students, he studied with Gerrit Dou, his father's brother-in-law, until 1659, when he started on his Grand Tour.
Torenvliet was active in a number of different cities throughout his career, mainly in Italy and the Netherlands. He was in Vienna in 1663, and in Rome for a portrait commission in 1669. His companion on this trip was Nicolaas Roosendael, a painter from Enkhuizen. From 1670 to 1673 they lived in Venice, making another trip to Rome in 1671, where Torenvliet became a member of the Bentvueghels with the "bent" name of "Jazon". He went to Vienna again in 1673, staying until 1674, and mainly painted figures on copper. He was in Leiden again in 1679, Amsterdam in 1680, and back in Leiden in 1686, where he remained. He joined the Guild of Saint Luke in Leiden, and held a number of senior offices in it from 1695 to 1712, in addition to cofounding the Leiden Drawing Academy in 1694 with Willem van Mieris and Carel de Moor. He died in Oegstgeest in 1719.
Legacy.
He is considered to be a member of the school of "Leiden fine painting" called "fijnschilderij" of his teacher Dou, and was one of its last representatives after the deaths of Dou in 1675 and Dou's other celebrated pupil Frans van Mieris the Elder in 1681.

</doc>
<doc id="21546227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546227" title="Lorenz Juhl Vogt">
Lorenz Juhl Vogt

Lorenz Juhl Vogt (28 April 1825 – 3 July 1901) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1874 and 1877, representing the constituency of Fredrikshald, where he worked as a customs surveyor.

</doc>
<doc id="21546230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546230" title="SSAC">
SSAC

SSAC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21546234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546234" title="Thomas Beaumont">
Thomas Beaumont

Thomas Beaumont may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21546249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546249" title="The Changing Same">
The Changing Same

The Changing Same is the third studio album to be released by Japanese singer Ken Hirai. It was released on June 21, 2000 under Sony Music Japan subsidiary DefSTAR Records. The name comes from a term coined by the poet Amiri Baraka.
Track titles are: "Here Comes K.H.," "Love Love Love,"　"Why," "Affair," "The Flower Is You," "Brighten Up," "K.O.L.," "Ladynapper," "Unfit in Love," "Wonderful World," "Turn off the Lights," "Rakuen 楽園," "Aoi Tori アオイトリ," "The Changing Same: Kawariyuku Kawaranaimono (変わりゆく変わらないもの)"

</doc>
<doc id="21546260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546260" title="Bonistan">
Bonistan

Bonistan is a village and a Union Council in Panjgur District, Makran Division, Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21546272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546272" title="Steven Ehricks">
Steven Ehricks

Steven Ehricks (born 11 September 1989) is a Puerto Rican international soccer player who plays college soccer for Hofstra University, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="21546275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546275" title="Juan Lloret Llorens">
Juan Lloret Llorens

Juan Lloret Llorens (Valencia, Spain, 1952) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
In his University days, Lloret was a member of the Black Flag (Bandera Negra), an anarchist organisation. After qualifying in law, he joined the PSOE in 1975, becoming a committee member the committee for the Valencian Community. He served as a councillor on Valencia City Council from 1983 to 1986, when he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia Province. He was re-elected in the subsequent elections in 1989 but did not stand in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21546286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546286" title="Portuguese Rhapsody">
Portuguese Rhapsody

Portuguese Rhapsody () is a 1959 Portuguese documentary film directed by João Mendes. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21546289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546289" title="Jørgen Vogt">
Jørgen Vogt

Jørgen Herman Vogt (23 September 1900 – 1972) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician representing the Communist Party. He edited the newspapers "Ny Tid" and "Friheten", served four terms in Trondheim city council and one term in the Norwegian Parliament.
Personal life.
He was born in Kristiania as the son of professor of metallurgy Johan Herman Lie Vogt (1858–1932) and his wife Martha Johanne Abigael Kinck (1861–1908). He was the brother of geologist Thorolf Vogt, Norwegian Water Resources and Energy director Fredrik Vogt and economist Johan Herman Vogt. His uncle Ragnar Vogt was a professor of medicine; as was his second cousin, who was named Jørgen Herman Vogt as well. His great-grandfather David Vogt was a politician.
Career.
Vogt enrolled as a student in 1919. He also worked as a journalist from 1920 to 1923; during this period he went on study trips to Germany. From 1923 to 1924 he was the editor-in-chief of "Klassekampen", the party organ of the Young Communist League of Norway. Around the same time he was on the editorial board of the periodical "Proletaren". Vogt subsequently wrote for the "Norges Kommunistblad" from 1924 to 1927 and "Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad" from 1927 until 1929, when he was hired as a journalist in the Trondheim newspaper "Ny Tid".
While living and working in Trondheim, he was elected to serve in Trondheim city council in 1934. He was re-elected in 1937. By that time he had become editor-in-chief of "Ny Tid". However, the newspaper went defunct in 1939. He found new work in the city provisioning committee. However, on 9 October 1941, during the German occupation of Norway, he was imprisoned. He was incarcerated in the camps Vollan, Falstad and Grini. He was not released until 1945, when Norway was liberated from German occupation.
In the first free elections in Norway after World War II, Vogt was elected to the Parliament of Norway, representing the Market towns of Sør-Trøndelag and Nord-Trøndelag counties. He served one term. In the same year he also re-established the newspaper "Ny Tid", and in 1946 he was chosen as editor-in-chief of the new party organ, "Friheten". As such he was a member of the central committee of the Communist Party. He also served in Trondheim city council from 1945 to 1951.
Vogt continued as editor-in-chief of "Friheten" until 1967, except for a period between 1962 and 1965, when he was political secretary of the Communist Party. Vogt had moved back to his hometown Oslo, where he served as a depury member of the city council from 1959 to 1963. Vogt was also a member of the Schei committee, which worked from 1946 to 1961 to reduce the number of municipalities of Norway. He worked as a secretary in the Norwegian Parliament for the last years of his life, and died in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="21546325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546325" title="Brian Sampson (racing driver)">
Brian Sampson (racing driver)

Brian Sampson (born 17 June 1935) is a retired Australian racing driver.
Sampson had a long career throughout the 60s and 70s, which he still continues as a hobby. Sampson was a mainstay of the Australian Motor Industries-Toyota Team at the Bathurst 500 from 1965 to 1970, winning Class A in 1969 in a Corolla.
Well noted as a collector and racer of Cheetah racing cars, he is best remembered as Peter Brock's co-driver to win the 1975 Bathurst 1000. He also won the 1977 Rothmans 500 co-driving with Warren Cullen.

</doc>
<doc id="21546328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546328" title="João Mendes">
João Mendes

João Mendes (18 June 1919 – 28 August 1997) was a Portuguese film director. He directed 33 films between 1944 and 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21546331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546331" title="Gradec, Pivka">
Gradec, Pivka

Gradec is a small village north of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Trinity and belongs to the Parish of Pivka.

</doc>
<doc id="21546344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546344" title="Bachelors' Club">
Bachelors' Club

The Bachelors' Club was a London gentlemen's club in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, now defunct. As the name suggests, membership was only open to bachelors. The club had a reputation for having a markedly younger membership than many other Edwardian clubs, and given the high-spirited antics which sometimes ensued on the premises, it was cited (along with Buck's) as an influence on the fictional Drones Club, in some of P.G. Wodehouse's earlier stories. A persistent rumour circulated throughout its existence, and reached wider circulation in the 1920s, that some of its membership were 'confirmed bachelors' - then both illegal and publicly frowned upon – and it soon became superseded by Buck's as the young man's club in London, being forced to close shortly thereafter. 
Famous members included Field Marshal Sir Herbert Kitchener, and Capt. Berkeley Levett, a witness in the Royal Baccarat Scandal.
See also.
In the Bachelors' Club, Tarbolton, Scotland, Robert Burns and his friends formed a literary and debating society in 1780.
In 1769 a Bachelors' Club in Gothenburg, Sweden, was founded. In 1787 the club got royal appropriation and exists still today as The Royal Bachelors' Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="21546352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546352" title="The Gospel of Gospel">
The Gospel of Gospel

The Gospel Of Gospel is a 2001 TV documentary made by independent production company Lion Television for Channel 4 in the UK. It was presented by the singer Mica Paris. It was produced and directed by David Upshal.
The documentary traces the story of how the tradition of Gospel music from America's black churches has inspired some of the biggest artists in mainstream popular music. It features rare footage of some of the greats of gospel, including Thomas Dorsey, Sister Rosetta Tharpe and The Edwin Hawkins Singers.
Along the way, Mica Paris sings with the choir at the church founded by Aretha Franklin's father, the legendary gospel performer Reverend C.L. Franklin, jams with Robert Randolph and the Family Band and duets with Chaka Khan.
Interviewees include Ray Charles, Isaac Hayes, Al Green, B.B. King, Chaka Khan, Alexander O'Neal, Edwin Hawkins, Mary Mary and The Blind Boys Of Alabama.
The show was commissioned by British network Channel 4, by the network's commissioning editor, Religion Elizabeth Clough, to follow a talent show for gospel performers.

</doc>
<doc id="21546363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546363" title="Ternopil Oblast local election, 2009">
Ternopil Oblast local election, 2009

The Ternopil Oblast local election, 2009 elections in the Ternopil Oblast regional сouncil, were held on March 15, 2009 on December 18, 2008, by the Ukrainian Parliament initiated by Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko (BYuT) but cancelled on 3 March 2009 by the same Parliament, with most members of BYuT voting against holding the snap elections (allegedly because of the fall of the ratings for BYuT). Following a lawsuit filed by Svoboda the Ternopil oblast` court acknowledged this decision illegal on March 11, 2009. The next day BYuT lodged an appeal in the Lviv Administrative Appeal Court against this decision. 
On 13 March 2009, President Viktor Yushchenko asked the Constitutional Court to estimate the constitutionality of the Ukrainian Parliament’s decision to cancel the early regional council elections in Ternopil. According to Yuschenko the Constitution reads that Parliament can appoint elections or early elections into the local authorities, but cannot cancel them. The elections where held on 15 March 2009. The Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko called the election "the presentation of cynical election fraud by of the Presidential Secretariat Viktor Baloha as an expression of the will of the region's citizens".
Some villages reported cases Party of Regions representatives offering 50 hryvnia per vote.
Challenging the results.
On March 24, the Ternopil district administrative court rejected a lawsuit from the Bloc of Yulia Tymoshenko (BYuT) challenging the results of the elections. Four days later the Kyiv district administrative court banned the official publication of the result of the elections.
On April 7 the Lviv administrative court of appeals ruled to cancel a decision of the Ternopil district administrative court denying consideration of a lawsuit from BYuT against the results of the elections to the Ternopil regional council. The Lviv administrative court of appeals instructed the Ternopil district administrative court to consider the essence of the lawsuit.
On May 11, 2009 BYuT members gave up their twelve seats in Ternopil regional council. As a result, the number of deputies in the regional Ternopil council became 208. The overall number of mandates in the council still constitutes 120, and all the decisions taken by the majority of the council still has to be passed by no less than 61 votes.
On June 16, 2009 the Constitutional Court of Ukraine deemed the parliamentary resolution on canceling early election to Ternopil Regional Council (of March 3, 2009) unconstitutional. This case was initiated by President Viktor Yuschenko.
Results.
The election have been conducted after the proportional electoral system. In an order to conduct the representatives in the Ternopil regional council, party or block must collect not less than 3% voices of electors.
According to political annalist the scores of United Centre and Party of Regions could be caused by mass fraud. Experts where less surprised by the high score of All-Ukrainian Union "Freedom" because (according to the think tank "Open Policy") support for rightist parties like "Freedom" typically builds up in conditions of economic and political crisis and "Freedom" has roots in the region. The turnout in Ternopil (city) was only 25%
Ternopil city council.
The elections to Ternopil city council took place in fall of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21546365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546365" title="Juršče">
Juršče

Juršče is a village east of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Juršče was first mentioned in written sources as "Jurshiz" and "Jurschiz" in 1763–87. The name (a feminine plural) is derived from "*Jurišiči", a plural form of the patronymic "*Jurišič", based on the personal name "Juriša". The name "Juriša" is derived from "Jurij" 'George', which also coincidentally matches the patron saint of the village church. However, there is no direct connection between the village name and the church name. The village was officially named "Jurišče" until 2007, when the name was changed to "Juršče".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint George () and belongs to the Parish of Trnje.

</doc>
<doc id="21546366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546366" title="Aziz Balagoun">
Aziz Balagoun

Aziz Balagoun (born 8 April 1981 in Porto Novo) is a Beninese international footballer. He currently plays in Belgium for K.M.S.K. Deinze.
Career.
Balagoun left Royal Leopold Ukkel FC in summer 2008 and signed a contract with R.C. Sartois.
Balagoun previously played for Génération 2000 FC, Espoir Plus FC, UNB FC (Benin), Bury F.C. and FC Saint Josse.
International career.
He played his first game for Benin 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21546374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546374" title="Matykiewicz">
Matykiewicz

Matykiewicz is a Polish surname, which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21546381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546381" title="John French (racing driver)">
John French (racing driver)

John French (born 28 November 1930 in Millaa Millaa, Queensland) is a retired Australian racing driver.
French had a long career throughout the 60s and 70s and the early 80s. He won the 1962 Australian GT Championship driving a Centaur-Waggott and in 1969 French paired with Allan Moffat to win the Sandown Three Hour race in a Ford Falcon GTHO Phase I. French was well known multi-franchise car dealer selling BMC vehicles, Alfa Romeo, Renault, Peugeot and Subaru in Brisbane. Many of the marques he sold featured prominently in his professional racing career.
Nationally however he is best remembered as Dick Johnson's co-driver to win the crash-shortened 1981 Bathurst 1000 (French was driving the #17 Ford XD Falcon when the race was stopped, but wasn't one of the cars in the accident). He regularly drove the works Ford Falcon GTHO's alongside Allan Moffat, and also drove Moffat's and Ian Geoghegan's Improved Production Ford Falcon GTHOs in the Australian Touring Car Championship rounds when Moffat and Geoghegan were driving their Mustangs.

</doc>
<doc id="21546394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546394" title="Kal, Pivka">
Kal, Pivka

Kal () is a village west of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Bartholomew () and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21546395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546395" title="Sándor Peics">
Sándor Peics

Sándor Peics (born 10 October 1899, date of death unknown), also referred to as Aleksandar Peić or Alexandre Peic, is a former Hungarian footballer and football manager. As a player Peics played for both Újpest FC and Hungary.
He coached Prato SC, AS Cosenza, US Cerignola, FC La Chaux-de-Fonds, Hellas Verona, AC Perugia, Belenenses, Sporting Clube de Portugal. and Vitória S.C..

</doc>
<doc id="21546405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546405" title="Eteriani">
Eteriani

Eteriani (, "tale of Eteri") is a Georgian folk epic romance which has come down to us in the form of about 70 pieces of oral prose and poetry, probably dating from the 10th or 11th century. Variants also exist in the sister languages: Mingrelian, Laz, and Svan.
"Eteriani" is a love story of a Cinderella-like peasant girl Eteri and Prince Abesalom who decides to marry her against the will of his father, a king. Abesalom’s courtier Murman also fells in a passionate love with Eteri and sells his soul to the devil to make the marriage impossible. Through sorcery, he makes Eteri ill and persuades the prince into surrendering the girl to him as Murman possesses the only remedy for her illness. Abesalom does not survive the breakup and dies, prompting Eteri to commit suicide. The two are buried together, but Murman buries himself alive among them. Even after death, he becomes an obstacle for a reunion of the lovers: a hedge grows on his tomb, interfering between a rose and a violet which grow on the tombs of Abesalom and Eteri and lean to each other into an embrace.
A purely folklore version of the epos, a tale, was first published in the Georgian press in 1858. A more complete publication by the Georgian folklorist Petre Umikashvili followed in 1875. The romance inspired the Georgian writer Vazha-Pshavela (1861–1915) to write his poem "Eteri", and composer Zakaria Paliashvili (1871–1933) to create his classical opera "Abesalom and Eteri".

</doc>
<doc id="21546406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546406" title="Gurais">
Gurais

Gurez or Gurais, also pronounced Gorai (گورأى) in the local Shina language, is a valley located in the high Himalayas, about from Bandipore and from Srinagar in northern Jammu and Kashmir, India. At about above sea level, the valley is surrounded by snow capped mountains. It has diverse fauna and wildlife including the Himalayan brown bear and the snow leopard. The Kishanganga River flows through the valley. The road to Gilgit runs through Gurais.
Gurais is divided into three regions. The area from Toabat to Sharda Peeth is administered by Pakistan as Neelum District, that between Kamri and Minimarg is part of the Astore District, Northern Areas, Pakistan, and that from Toabat to Abdullae Tulail is known as Tehsil Gurez, and is part of Bandipore district.
Being situated very close to the Burzil pass, which leads into Astore District of the Northern Areas, the inhabitants are ethnic Dards/Shins. They speak the Shina language and have the same styles of dress and culture as their kinsmen in Pakistan's Northern areas.
Dawar the central township in the area. The population of the area is estimated to be about 30,000, and is scattered among fifteen villages. Due to heavy snowfall in winter, the valley remains cut off for six months of the year.
History.
Historically, Gurais was part of ancient Dardistan, stretching between Sharada Peeth in the west, Minimarg in the north, Drass in the east, and Baghtor in the south. The valley falls along the ancient Silk Route, which connected the Kashmir Valley with Gilgit, before continuing further to Kashgar. Archaeological surveys in valleys north of Gurais have uncovered hundreds of carved inscriptions in Kharoshthi, Brahmi, and Tibetan. In particular, the carvings provide insights into the origins of the Kashmiri people and the early history of Buddhism.
The ancient capital of the Dards, Dawar, is located in the Gurais Valley and is an important archaeological site. Other archaeological sites of importance in the valley include Kanzilwan, where the last council of Buddhism is believed to have been held and, further downstream, the ruins of the ancient Sharada University are preserved along the Kishenganga/Neelum River.
Prior to the Partition of Kashmir, Gurais had been a popular destination for foreign tourists, including Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who is known to have visited some time before he became the US president. During the colonial period, Gurais was often visited by trekkers. Nehru and Indira Gandhi, accompanied by Sheikh Abdullah, were among those who visited the area in the 1940s, fishing for trout at Naranag, one of the lakes in the mountains above the valley.
Quotations about Gurais.
While describing the Kishenganga valley (Gurais) Walter R. Lawrence writes in his book "The Valley of Kashmir",
“Perhaps Pahalgam, the village of the shepherds that stands at the head of the Liddar valley with its healthy forest of pines, and Gurais, which lies at a distance of thirty-five miles from Bandipora, the port of the Wular Lake, will before long rival in popularity the other margs. Gurais is a lovely valley five miles in length lying at an elevation of about 8000 feet above the sea. The Kishenganga river flows through it, and on either side tower mountain scraps of indescribable grandeur. Perhaps one of the most beautiful scenes in the whole of the Kashmir is the grove of huge poplars through which the traveller enters the Gurais valley. The climate is dry and mild, excellent English vegetables can be grown, and the wild raspberries and currants are delicious.”
“The valley is extremely picturesque, as the river comes dashing along through a rich meadow, partly covered with lindens, walnut and willow trees, while the mountains on either side present nothing but a succession of most abrupt precipices, and Alpine lodges, covered with fir trees.”
Habba Khatoon.
The emperor of Kashmir,Yousuf Shah Chak, was entranced by her beauty, intelligence and poetry. He arranged her divorce from Habba and married her. According to the story, Shah Chak was imprisoned by his rival King Akbar, Habba Khatoon used to wander near the peak that now bears her name to look for her lover. After her husband's death, she wandered the banks of river Jhelum in mourning. She died twenty years later, and was buried in Athawajan.
Habba Khatoon Drama club was founded in 1976 by the poet Late Hajji Abdul Aziz Samoon (Retired Police Officer; SSP). The club played a pivotal role in safeguarding the cultural ethos and traditions of the Dard-Shin tribe. Hajji Abdul Aziz Samoon(KPS) was also Chairman of Jammu and Kashmir Dard-Shina Development Organization (JKDSDO), a body representing Dard community in the state JKDSDO 
Energy.
There is no central electricity in Gurais, although, as of 2009, a hydro-electric plant is under construction by the National Hydroelectric Power Corporation. It is unclear if any of the generated energy will be available to the valley itself. India had initially planned to construct a 100-metre-high dam on the Kishenganga, which would have flooded the majority of the Gurais Valley and forced nearly all of its residents to relocate. But due to resistance by the Dard Shin and by Pakistan, which is constructing a dam downstream, the dam’s height has been reduced to 37 metres. Set for completion in 2016, the dam will divert water from the Kishenganga towards Wular Lake via a 20 kilometre concrete tunnel, and will generate electricity for the nearby region. Although construction of the dam will temporarily bring work and money into the area, the Dard Shin have expressed concern that around 130 families will still lose their homes, and more than of land in the valley will be submerged.
Because of the lack of electricity, there is no significant industrial activity in the valley. The only electricity which is available comes from a few diesel generators which provide power to some parts of the area in summer for an hour at a time.
The Indian government’s relocation plans are unclear, and it has not yet committed to providing hydroelectricity to those who will remain in the valley.
Religion.
Gurais has a Sunni Muslim population. Before the arrival of Mir Sayyid Ali Hamadani (مير سيد على همدانى), the region was predominantly Hindu. Hamadani, also known as Shah Hamdan or Amir Kabir, was born in Iran in 1314, and came to Kashmir in 1372, during the rule of Sultan Shams-ud-Din (سلتان شمسءدين) as an Islamic missionary. Shah Hamdan visited the Kashmir valley three times, accompanied by about seven hundred saints, known as "Sadaats".
Of these seven hundred saints, seven came to Gurais, including Baba Abdur Razaq Shah ( بابا ابدور رزاق شأه) and Baba Dervaish (بابا درويش), whose shrines are located near the hamlet of Fakirpora. The names of the other saints are unknown, although they also have shrines, located at Chorwan, Bagtore, Dangital Tulail across the Kishan Ganga River, and at Kamri across the border near Dood-Gagi village in Pakistan's Azad Kashmir.
Peer Baba (پير بابا).
The Peer Baba came from Multan (Pakistan) in 1933 and established himself in a cave at Durmat, north of Kanzalwan. He was about 35 years old, and his religion is unknown. He is said to have fasted for months without taking any food or water. On occasion, he came down to Kanzalwan and asked for food in Parsi with an Urdu accent. He never refused mutton offered by local Muslims. He was hard of hearing, spoke very little and was popularly known as "Nanga Baba". In Feb 1940, he came down from Durmat to Rajdhan during a heavy snowstorm, and subsequently died. When the locals tried to bring the Baba’s body to Bandipur for burial, they were attacked by large number of honeybees, and he was instead buried close to Rajdhan Pass.
Notable inhabitants.
Mohammad Noor Khan.
One of the most influential figures in Gurais during the pre-independence period was Mohammed Noor Khan, who helped to repel a tribal invasion of the area in 1948. Noor Khan influenced the politics of not only Gurais, but also of his birthplace in Chilas and Gilgit. He was a staunch supporter of Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah, whom he accompanied on the political campaign for an independent Kashmir before 1947, and who referred to him as "Sher-e-Gurez".
Moulana Mohammad Anwar Samoon.
Mohammad Anwar Samoon was a revolutionary leader and teacher who improved the standard of education in Gurais. He was a Muslim saint, or wali, who believed in simple living and high thinking.
Haji Abdul Aziz Samoon (Pathaan).
Hajji Abdul Aziz Samoon (1 May 1950 – 20 January 2012), also known as "Pathaan" in whole of the Gurais area was a great Shina scholar, poet, leader, teacher and a people friendly police officer. Haji Abdul Aziz Samoon was born in Khandyal village of Gurez Valley. Starting from a humble background, he achieved excellence under the care and guidance of Moulana Mohammad Anwar Samoon (Muslim saint), who also happen to be his maternal uncle. Hajji Abdul Aziz Samoon did his basic schooling from Gurez and got appointed as a teacher at very young age. Being a gold medallist in M.A Urdu, he contributed to Education System as a teacher and senior Lecturer.He made a tremendous contribution in educational field by serving far flung areas of Gurez and Tulail and developing a generation of doctors, engineers, administrative officers and teachers.He was the first person who conducted series of protests in order to get the first higher secondary School at Dawar, Gurez. He revolutionised Education system under the able guidance of Moulana Mohammad Anwar Samoon. 
Pathaan, was a great Shina Poet. Besides Shina he wrote brilliant Urdu and Persian Poetry. His Shina poetry is very famous in Gurez. His poetry had a deeper meaning and provides an insight into his persona. One finds a glimpse of Dard Shin culture and the serenity of the Shina language in his poetry.
He was a bold and honest police officer. . Haji Abdul Aziz Samoon was 1984 batch KPS officer. He retired as Senior Superintendent of Police in 2008. During his tenure as a police officer he served people at every level, provided first hand justice on spot and was sympathetic towards his subordinates. He believed in people friendly policing and never compromised on the principles of justice and truth. He had a good reputation among general public and among his senior officers. He often helped people in distress and guided those youth who were in need of guidance.
Habba Khatoon Drama club was founded by him in 1976. The club played a pivotal role in safeguarding the cultural ethos and traditions of the Dard-Shin tribe. Hajji Abdul Aziz Samoon was also Chairman of Jammu and Kashmir Dard-Shina Development Organization (JKDSDO), a body representing Dard community in the state JKDSDO.
He was writing translation of the Holy Quraan in Shina Language. But due to his sudden death the work remained incomplete. Further he was also working on Grammar and script of Shina Language.
He often voiced his concern against the step motherly treatment of Shina speaking public by the Jammu and Kashmir government. He pointed out the need for the preservation and Revival of Shina Language.
Fishery.
Kishenganga River, with a length of , supports world class trout with an average weight of . As of 2006, there were plans to develop the fishery potential of the area, making it a resource for the surrounding region.
Fish in the river include:

</doc>
<doc id="21546413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546413" title="2009 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships – Doubles">
2009 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships – Doubles

Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles were the defending champions, but aren't taking part this year. However Knowles is appearing with Mardy Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="21546421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546421" title="Cartoon Network (Italy)">
Cartoon Network (Italy)

Cartoon Network is an entertainment television channel created by Turner Broadcasting System Europe, a unit of Time Warner which primarily shows animated programming. The Italian version was launched on 31 July 1996.
History.
The channel appeared for the first time in 1996 on the digital satellite platform TELE+ and Stream TV in English, but it was in early 1998 that the channel started transmitting in Italian. It became available on the Sky Italia platform in 2003 and in late 2008 became available on the Mediaset Premium platform. 

</doc>
<doc id="21546432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546432" title="MYLK3">
MYLK3

Myosin light chain kinase 3 also known as MYLK3, is an enzyme which in humans is encoded by the "MYLK3" gene.
Function.
Phosphorylation of cardiac myosin heavy chains (see MYH7B) and light chains (see MYL2) by a kinase, such as MYLK3, potentiates the force and rate of cross-bridge recruitment in cardiac myocytes.

</doc>
<doc id="21546435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546435" title="Type 3 submergence transport vehicle">
Type 3 submergence transport vehicle

The was a class of transport submarines of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA), serving during the Second World War. IJA planned to build over 400 boats, however only 38 boats were completed until the end of war. The IJA called them .
Construction.
In 1943 the IJA decided to build a transport submarine for themselves, because the IJA was soundly beaten by in the Solomon Islands campaign and needed a way to supply the isolated garrisons on the Pacific islands.
Boats in classes.
"Yu I" type.
The class consists of four unofficial subclasses resulting from manufacturing differences among the contracted builders. The manufacturer may be discerned by the appearance of the sail.
"Yu 1"-class.
Basic model of "Yu I" type. First boat "Yu 1" was prototype of the "Yu I" type boats. The Hitachi-Kasado Factory build all of the "Yu 1"-class boats. Their sail was shut tightly.
"Yu 1001"-class.
The Japan Steel Works-Kaita Factory built all of the "Yu 1001"-class boats. They were equipped with an open-top sail.
"Yu 2001"-class.
The Andō Iron Works-Tsukishima Factory build all of the "Yu 2001"-class boats. First boat ("Yu-2001") was second prototype of the "Yu I" type boats. They fitted deck house root of the sail for improve comfort by builder's consideration.
"Yu 3001"-class.
The Chōsen Machinery-Jinsen Factory build all of the "Yu 3001"-class boats.
"Yu II" type.
Improved model of the "Yu I" type. "Yu II" was built by Kampon technical guidance. The IJN used the "Ha-101"-class submarine drawings and designed this.

</doc>
<doc id="21546442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546442" title="Between Heaven and Hell (film)">
Between Heaven and Hell (film)

Between Heaven and Hell is a 1956 20th Century Fox Cinemascope color war film based on the novel "The Day the Century Ended" by Francis Gwaltney that the film follows closely. The story is told in flashback format detailing the life of Sam Gifford (Robert Wagner) from his life as a Southern landowner to his war service in the Philippines during World War II.
The film stars Robert Wagner, Buddy Ebsen, Terry Moore, and Broderick Crawford, was directed by Richard Fleischer and was partly filmed on Kaua'i.
The film's score by Hugo Friedhofer that included elements of the "Dies Irae" was nominated for an Academy Award.
Plot.
The film begins with military drums and a shot of a bearded Robert Wagner behind barbed wire wearing dirty fatigues with the dark shadow of missing chevrons. A long tracking shot follows his release from the stockade as the music becomes the Dies Irae and the screen credits roll.
When the United States gets involved in the war, Gifford's National Guard unit is called to active service with the United States Army. Gifford's father-in-law is the Colonel (Robert Keith) commanding his regiment. Despite Gifford's wealth and commanding position in civilian life, he is not a commissioned officer but a platoon sergeant. As opposed to his callous treatment of sharecroppers viewed in flashback, Gifford becomes friends with three privates in his platoon whose company he prefers over those of his own rank.
Though capably leading his platoon earns him a Silver Star medal for valour, Gifford outwardly shows signs of fear, battle fatigue, and neurosis. These weaknesses intensify when his father-in-law is killed. When a frightened lieutenant machine guns his three friends out of panic and inexperience, Gifford attempts to beat him to death with his rifle butt. Gifford is subdued, reduced in rank to private, and imprisoned.
Gifford is summoned by Lt. Colonel Miles (Frank Gerstle). Because he had earned a Silver Star, he is given a choice of being sentenced to the United States Disciplinary Barracks in Leavenworth or transferred to George Company, a de facto punishment company assigned to a dangerous area of the front lines. Gifford chooses the punishment company, which is commanded by Captain Grimes, a former First Sergeant (Broderick Crawford). Captain Grimes insists everyone call him "Waco", wears no rank insignia and forbids military salutes lest he become a target for snipers. Everyone in George Company hates Waco except for some pre-war regular army comrades-in-arms (Frank Gorshin and Skip Homeier), who act as Waco's personal bodyguards. Impressed by Gifford's combat record, Waco offers him a membership in his private circle as a radio operator. This ends when Gifford beats up Homeier for making remarks about his wife's photograph. Waco burns the photograph and exiles him to a forward platoon on outpost duty under the leadership of a lieutenant called Little Joe (Brad Dexter).
Gifford forms a friendship with former sharecropper Willie Crawford (Buddy Ebsen). Gifford is sent back to company HQ with reports for Waco from Little Joe. Upon returning to the company Gifford is later tasked by Waco with leading a small six man patrol to check a town near the front lines. It is a dangerous assignment but Gifford executes it well. The patrol finds the town abandoned. Gifford takes a small sign off the front door of the town's church. The sign names the church and the town. While returning to their unit Gifford and his men spot a platoon strength Japanese Imperial Army unit armed with mortars heading back towards the hills near George Company's Headquarters. Gifford reports his findings to Waco. Waco accuses Gifford of not going to the town but hiding in the hills. Gifford tosses the sign from the town's church on Waco's desk. Then the headquarters receives a heavy artillery barrage from the Japanese mortars that Gifford warned Waco about. After the attack Waco apologizes to Gifford and commends him for his leadership on the patrol. Waco is then shot and killed by a Japanese sniper for returning a salute from some of his soldiers.
Gifford leads several soldiers back up to Little Joe's platoon as reinforcements. They beat off several enemy attacks. Eventually after the last attack Gifford and Crawford are the sole survivors. With Crawford wounded in the leg, Crawford orders Gifford make it through the lines alone to warn the Company of an impending large attack. At first Gifford refuses to leave Crawford behind, but Crawford insists, pointing a pistol at Gifford and saying its an order.
Gifford fights his way through Japanese soldiers to make his way back to the Company but he is wounded along the way. Upon reaching the company he finds that most of the Battalion has come up to begin a new offensive. Gifford warns them about the Japanese units massing in the hills. He demands that help be sent to rescue Crawford. Just at that moment a patrol comes in with Crawford on a stretcher. Crawford and Gifford are told because of their wounds they are being shipped home. Gifford tells Crawford that he wants Crawford to live with him and his family at his mansion back home and he can have a job at Gifford's company.
Production.
Arkansas-born Francis Irby Gwaltney soldiered in the Philippines with the 112th Cavalry that served throughout the Pacific doing several amphibious landings. During this service he formed a friendship with Norman Mailer whom he met there.
"The Day the Century Ended" was Gwaltney's most famous novel. When Fox picked the 1955 novel up for filming they assigned it to Philippine veteran Rod Serling famed for his American television plays. Unfortunately Serling's first screenplay was nine hours long and the project was given to other writers, notably Harry Brown who had written the book "A Walk in the Sun".
"Between Heaven and Hell" is one of the 1950s depictions of the US Army that did not paint a recruiting poster image and was more in tune with many soldier's memories such as "From Here to Eternity", Robert Aldrich's "Attack" or Samuel Fuller's films.
Fleischer uses the Cinemascope widescreen format well, notably in views of hills lit up by a firefight.
Reception.
Critical response.
When the film was first released, "The New York Times" panned the film, writing, "To be just as blunt about it as Twentieth Century-Fox, "Between Heaven and Hell," a World War II drama, lands accordingly, with a pretty dull thud. This curiously rambling, unconvincing and often baffling picture, opening yesterday at Loew's State, very sketchily suggests the regeneration of a hard-headed young G. I. on a Japanese island in the Pacific...Except for the sideline skirmishes with the Japanese, and one fine, big beachhead battle staged by director Richard Fleischer, the action focuses on the outpost, where a brutal, slightly demented company commander, Mr. Crawford, reigns supreme. Mr. Wagner not only manages to survive some snarling comrades, most of whom are wiped out, but also the enemy in a series of lagging, disjointed clashes, verbal and physical, that shed little light on anything or anybody."

</doc>
<doc id="21546444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546444" title="Thomas Richard Beaumont">
Thomas Richard Beaumont

Colonel Thomas Richard Beaumont (29 April 1758 – 31 July 1829) was a British Tory politician and soldier.
He was the son of Thomas Beaumont and his wife Anne Ayscough, daughter of Edward Ayscough. Beaumont raised the 21st Light Dragoons in 1794 and afterwards served as the regiment's colonel until 1802. He entered the British House of Commons in 1795 and sat for Northumberland first in the Parliament of Great Britain, then in Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1818.
Beaumont married Diana Wentworth, daughter of Sir Thomas Wentworth, 5th Baronet. They had three daughters and five sons. Beaumont died at Bretton Hall in Yorkshire. His oldest son Thomas Wentworth Beaumont represented the same constituency as his father.

</doc>
<doc id="21546449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546449" title="2005 Meteor Awards">
2005 Meteor Awards

The 2005 Meteor Music Awards was hosted by comedian Ed Byrne at the Point Theatre on Thursday 24 February 2005. It was the fifth edition of Ireland's national music awards. A total of sixteen awards were presented at the ceremony, with the public eligible to vote in five categories. Snow Patrol won two awards (Best Irish Band and Best Irish Album for "Final Straw"), whilst Franz Ferdinand also picked up two awards (Best International Band and Best International Album for "Franz Ferdinand"). Paddy Casey and Juliet Turner were named Best Irish Male and Best Irish Female. The Chalets won Best New Band.
Performances.
There were performances on the night from Westlife, Snow Patrol, Aslan, The Thrills, Bell X1 and The Devlins.
Nominations.
The nominations were announced on 11 January 2005.
Multiple nominations.
Despite receiving three nominations, Declan O'Rourke won nothing. Franz Ferdinand and Snow Patrol were multiple award winners in two categories.

</doc>
<doc id="21546473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546473" title="Ruscombe (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Ruscombe (Baltimore, Maryland)

Ruscombe is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Italianate mansion with basement, constructed of fieldstone in 1866. It is a gable and hip roofed building. The main block of the building is 50 feet by 50 feet, with a gable-roofed L-shaped wing It was designed by Baltimore architect Joseph F. Kemp, who is credited with the design of Camden Station.
Ruscombe was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21546479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546479" title="St Joseph's Senior Secondary School, Rihand Nagar">
St Joseph's Senior Secondary School, Rihand Nagar

St Joseph’s Senior Secondary School (SJS), in Rihand nagar, was opened in July 1984. It was established and is managed by Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad Pvt. Ltd., of which the Bishop of Allahabad is the Director-General who is the president of the Education Society which runs a number of schools in urban and rural areas catering to various sections of people. This branch of St. Joseph's School provides enormous help to the siblings of the NTPC, Rihand employees.
This school is run for the National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC) at Rihand Nagar (RhSTPP), Sonebhadra Distt. - Uttar Pradesh. The School is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), New Delhi. Its staff includes the sisters of the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary (IBMV), now known as Congregation of Jesus (CJ) as its core group.
Motto.
The motto of this school is ""To spread the light of truth and justice"", which signifies that the school is a lamp, giving out light i.e the values of truth, honesty, charity and justice continuously. Thus making it a very big and vast goal.

</doc>
<doc id="21546482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546482" title="List of Eparchies of the Serbian Orthodox Church">
List of Eparchies of the Serbian Orthodox Church

This is the list of Metropolitanates, Archeparchies (Archdioceses) and Eparchies (Dioceses) of the Serbian Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="21546490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546490" title="Hot Radio">
Hot Radio

Hot Radio is a community radio station for Poole, and the surrounding areas offering music and local information. The station started life as "The Bay 102.8" and was awarded a community radio licence by Ofcom in 2007 and began broadcasting at 12:00am on 8 November 2008. Community Radio stations in the UK are required to provide a social gain to the community they serve. Hot Radio is one of a growing number of such stations in the UK. 
Based in Poole, Hot radio provides national news from Sky every hour & also provides local news & sport weekdays from 7am to 7pm, with regular whats on, travel & local information The station plays a mix of music from the 60's to today during normal daytime output. Hot radio also provides specialist programming evenings & weekends, including a speech based business programme, Jazz, 60's rock n roll, speech based film show, soul, dance, country, a student show & a Saturday afternoon speech heavy sports show. The station has also provided outside broadcasts from the Bournemouth Air Festival every year.
Hot Radio is also the official radio partner for Poole Town Football Club and provides live and exclusive match commentary of all games.
At 7:00am on 14 February 2012 "The Bay 102.8" re-branded to "Hot Radio 102.8". The last song played on The Bay 102.8 was "Never Can Say Goodbye" by The Communards.
The first song on Hot Radio 102.8 was "Some Like It Hot" by The Power Station when Paul Stevens announced the new brand to listeners.
On 8th November 2013, Hot Radio was awarded a 5 year extension by ofcom to continue providing community radio to Poole & the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="21546496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546496" title="Mose Janashvili">
Mose Janashvili

Mose Janashvili () (March 19, 1855 – April 19, 1934) was a Georgian historian, ethnographer, and linguist. He was born into a Georgian Ingilo community at Qakh (now Azerbaijan). Educated at Tbilisi and Kutaisi, he worked as a teacher for several years, from 1875 to 1920, and later served as a professor at the Tbilisi State University. He mostly engaged in study of medieval Georgian chronicles and hagiographic literature. As a linguist, Janashvili subscribed to the theory that linked Georgian with the Indo-European languages. He is buried at Mtatsminda Pantheon in Tbilisi.

</doc>
<doc id="21546497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546497" title="Sarah Ladipo Manyika">
Sarah Ladipo Manyika

Sarah Ladipo Manyika (born 7 March 1968) is an Anglo-Nigerian writer. She was raised in Nigeria and has lived in Kenya, France, and England. Her writing includes published essays, academic papers, book reviews and short stories. Sarah's first novel, "In Dependence", was published by Legend Press in 2008. Her short story "Mr Wonder" appeared in the 2008 collection "Women Writing Zimbabwe".
Sarah inherited her maiden name (Ladipo) from her father who was born in Ibadan (South West Nigeria) in the late 1930s. Sarah herself was born in the UK (where her father met and married her mother in the late 1960s) but she spent much of her childhood in the city of Jos in Plateau State.
As a young teenager, Sarah also lived for two years in Nairobi, Kenya, before her family moved to the UK. She then studied at the Universities of Birmingham (UK), Bordeaux (France), and Berkeley (California). She was married in Harare, Zimbabwe, in 1994 and now divides her time between San Francisco (where she teaches literature at San Francisco State University), London and Harare.
Sarah's novel "In Dependence" was chosen by the UK's largest bookstore chain as its featured book for Black History Month.
In 2009, "In Dependence", will be published by Cassava Republic, a literary press based in Abuja, Nigeria, with a stable of authors that includes Teju Cole and Helon Habila.

</doc>
<doc id="21546498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546498" title="Bihar Times">
Bihar Times

Bihar Times ([www.bihartimes.com]) is an internet portal in Bihar, India. It was launched on 8th Nov. 1999 with the objective to present information on Bihar specially for non-resident Biharees, at a time when there was little such information available on web sites and the Bihar government did not have a website.
Early successes.
Its popularity spread quickly after the site was featured in articles in the Hindu, Hindustan Times, Indian Express, The Pioneer, The Statesman, The Times of India, and India Today. The organization never spent money on advertising; many of the viewers came to the portal by word of mouth. Now this site is being regularly viewed in more than 60 countries and in the month of Nov 2005, this portal recorded its highest-ever number of hits, 33,98,634.

</doc>
<doc id="21546527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546527" title="List of programmes broadcast by Cartoon Network (Italy)">
List of programmes broadcast by Cartoon Network (Italy)

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Cartoon Network in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21546533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546533" title="Tivoli (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Tivoli (Baltimore, Maryland)

Tivoli is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a random stone ashlar masonry structure built about 1855 and consisting of a three-story, symmetrical Italianate main block, with a contemporary two-story, "T"-shaped service wing. It contains the administrative and clinical offices, the infirmary, and dining hall of the Woodbourne Center. It was the summer residence of Enoch Pratt, who purchased the property in 1870 and died here in 1896. It was also a home of Charles S. Abell, one of the owners of the "Baltimore Sun Papers" and whose wife gave the property to Woodbourne in 1925.
Tivoli was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21546537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546537" title="John Alexander McGillivray">
John Alexander McGillivray

John Alexander McGillivray (January 4, 1853 – February 14, 1911) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.
Born in Pickering Township, Canada West, McGillivray studied law under George Young Smith in Whitby, Lyman English in Oshawa, and Jones Brothers & Mackenzie in Toronto. He started practicing law with John Billings in Port Perry and later moved to Uxbridge, Ontario. He was elected to the first council of the Town of Uxbridge in 1872 and was mayor in 1890. In 1895, he was acclaimed to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Ontario North after the death of the sitting MP Frank Madill. A Liberal-Conservative, he was re-elected in June 1896 winning by one vote. The election was declared void in December 1896 and he did not run in the resulting by-election. From 1902 to 1906, he was Lieutenant-Colonel of the 34th Ontario Battalion of Militia.
He died in 1911 and is buried in the Uxbridge Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21546541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546541" title="Mutito Constituency">
Mutito Constituency

Mutito Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kitui County. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections. The constituency has seven wards, all electing councillors for the Kitui County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="21546542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546542" title="Magic tee">
Magic tee

A magic tee (or magic T or hybrid tee) is a hybrid or 3 dB coupler used in microwave systems. It is an alternative to the rat-race coupler. In contrast to the rat-race, the three-dimensional structure of the magic tee makes it less readily constructed in planar technologies such as microstrip or stripline.
The magic tee was originally developed in World War II, and first published by W. A. Tyrell (of Bell Labs) in a 1947 IRE paper. Robert L. Kyhl and Bob Dicke independently created magic tees around the same time.
Structure.
The magic tee is a combination of E and H plane tees. Arm 3 forms an H-plane tee with arms 1 and 2. Arm 4 forms an E-plane tee with arms 1 and 2. Arms 1 and 2 are sometimes called the "side" or "collinear" arms. Port 3 is called the "H-plane port", and is also called the "Σ port", "sum port" or the "P-port" (for "parallel"). Port 4 is the "E-plane port", and is also called the "Δ port", "difference port", or "S-port" (for "series"). There is no one single established convention regarding the numbering of the ports.
To function correctly, the magic tee must incorporate an internal matching structure. This structure typically consists of a post inside the H-plane tee and an inductive iris inside the E-plane limb, though many alternative structures have been proposed. Dependence on the matching structure means that the magic tee will only work over a limited frequency band.
Operation.
The name "magic tee" is derived from the way in which power is divided among the various ports. A signal injected into the H-plane port will be divided equally between ports 1 and 2, and will be in phase. A signal injected into the E-plane port will also be divided equally between ports 1 and 2, but will be 180 degrees out of phase. If signals are fed in through ports 1 and 2, they are added at the H-plane port and subtracted at the E-plane port. Thus, with the ports numbered as shown, and to within a phase factor, the full scattering matrix for an ideal magic tee is
(the signs of the elements in the fourth row and fourth column of this matrix may be reversed, depending on the polarity assumed for port 4).
Magic.
If, by means of a suitable internal structure, the E-plane (difference) and H-plane (sum) ports are simultaneously matched, then by symmetry, reciprocity and conservation of energy it may be shown that the two collinear ports are also matched, and are "magically" isolated from each other.
The E-field of the dominant mode in each port is perpendicular to the broad wall of the waveguide. The signals in the E-plane and H-plane ports therefore have orthogonal polarizations, and so (considering the symmetry of the structure) there can be no communication between these two ports.
For a signal entering the H-plane port, a well-designed matching structure will prevent any of the power in the signal being reflected back out of the same port. As there can be no communication with the E-plane port, and again considering the symmetry of the structure, then
the power in this signal must be divided equally between the two collinear ports.
Similarly for the E-plane port, if the matching structure eliminates any reflection from this port, then the power entering it must be divided equally between the two collinear ports.
Now by reciprocity, the coupling between any pair of ports is the same in either direction (the scattering matrix is symmetric). So if the H-plane port is matched, then half the power entering either one of the collinear ports will leave by the H-plane port. If the E-plane port is also matched, then half power will leave by the E-plane port. In this circumstance, there is no power 'left over' either to be reflected out of the first collinear port or to be transmitted to the other collinear port. Despite apparently being in direct communication with each other, the two collinear ports are "magically" isolated.
The isolation between the E-plane and H-plane ports is wide-band and is as perfect as is the symmetry of the device. The isolation between the collinear ports is however limited by the performance of the matching structure.

</doc>
<doc id="21546544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546544" title="Anthony Kang">
Anthony Kang

Anthony Kang (born November 30, 1972) is a Korean-American professional golfer.
Kang was born in South Korea, moving to live in the United States at the age of 10, where he attended Oregon State University.
Kang turned professional in 1996. He has been a member of the Asian Tour since 1998 where he has won over a million US dollars in prize money.
Kang has had three victories on the Asian Tour, the most recent coming at the 2009 Maybank Malaysian Open, eight years after the previous one. The tournament was co-sanctioned with the European Tour, and the win also gave him a two year exemption on that tour.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = withdrew<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="21546546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546546" title="2006 SAP Open">
2006 SAP Open

The 2006 SAP Open was an ATP Tour tennis tournament held in San José, California, USA from 13 February until 19 February 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21546547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546547" title="1920 Club">
1920 Club

The 1920 Club was a short-lived London gentlemen's club, which existed between 1920 and 1923.
It was established for Liberal supporters of the Lloyd George government, after the popular National Liberal Club began systematically blackballing Lloyd George's supporters. This was symptomatic of a deeper schism at the time, between the 'official' Liberal Party in opposition, led by H.H. Asquith (which retained control of the party machinery), and the (then-larger) faction led by Lloyd George in a coalition with the Conservatives.
The club opened in rooms at 2 Whitehall Court (inside what is now the Royal Horseguards Hotel), neighbouring the National Liberal Club - something the 1920 Club's committee described as 'a coincidence'. It was a relatively unusual club, in that it admitted both men and women as full members.
In November 1922 the Lloyd George government was defeated, and within a year the Liberal party had re-united, as a result of which the club dissolved, there no longer needing to be a separate club for Lloyd George supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="21546586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546586" title="Lake Drive Apartments">
Lake Drive Apartments

Lake Drive Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is an 8-story high-rise building, built in 1919-1920, and designed by prominent local architect Edward L. Palmer, Jr. in the Classical Revival style.
Lake Drive Apartments was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21546597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546597" title="Ditch (fortification)">
Ditch (fortification)

A ditch in military engineering is an obstacle, designed to slow down or break up an attacking force, while a trench is intended to provide cover to the defenders. In military fortifications the side of a ditch (or gorge) farthest from the enemy and closest to the next line of defence is known as the scarp while the side of a ditch closest to the enemy is known as the counterscarp.
Uses.
In medieval fortification, a ditch was often constructed in front of a defensive wall to hinder mining and escalade activities from an attacker. When filled with water, such a defensive ditch is called a moat.
Later star forts designed by military engineers like Vauban, comprised elaborate networks of ditches and parapets, carefully calculated so that the soil for the raised earthworks was provided, as nearly as possible, entirely by the excavations whilst also maximising defensive firepower.
Today ditches are obsolescent as an anti-personnel obstacle, but are still often used as anti-vehicle obstacles (see also berm).
A fence concealed in a ditch is called a ha-ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21546623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546623" title="Neil Willey">
Neil Willey

Neil Willey (born 11 September 1976 in Enfield, Greater London) is a former international backstroke swimmer from England. He represented Great Britain twice at the Summer Olympics: in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia) and 2000 (Sydney, Australia). Willey won several medals (silver and bronze) in the 1990s as a member of the British short course (25 m) relay teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21546633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546633" title="Riviera Apartments (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Riviera Apartments (Baltimore, Maryland)

Riviera Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a six story, brick and cast stone apartment building built in 1915.
Riviera Apartments was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21546649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546649" title="1988 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Doubles">
1988 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Doubles

Paul Annacone and Christo van Rensburg were the defending champions but lost in the semifinals to John Fitzgerald and Anders Järryd.
Fitzgerald and Järryd won in the final 7–6, 6–1, 7–5 against Ken Flach and Robert Seguso.

</doc>
<doc id="21546650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546650" title="Talent for the Game">
Talent for the Game

Talent for the Game was a 1991 film about a baseball scout, directed by Robert M. Young and starring Edward James Olmos and Lorraine Bracco in her first film after "Goodfellas".
It co-stars Terry Kinney, Jamey Sheridan and Jeff Corbett.
Scenes were filmed in the small town Genesee, Idaho, between Lewiston and Moscow.
Plot summary.
Virgil Sweet (Olmos) is a veteran baseball scout for the California Angels. He is in danger of losing his life's work because the Angels' new owner, Gil Lawrence (Kinney), is unhappy with the farm system and threatening to eliminate the team's scouts.
Virgil hasn't discovered a great young prospect for quite a while. One day, when the car that he and girlfriend Bobbie (Bracco), who also is employed by the team, breaks down on a rural road, Virgil happens upon a country boy named Sammy Bodeen (Corbett) who has a pitching arm worthy of the major leagues.
Greeted back in Anaheim with considerable skepticism, Virgil arranges a tryout for Sammy. The boy is wild at first and Virgil's great find appears to be a big joke. Once he calms down, however, Sammy proves to have everything it takes to make it big.
Team management, desperate for a new star, immediately begins to overplay the arrival of Sammy with a wildly overblown hype. A public-relations blitz promotes the boy as baseball's next great star, even though he has yet to throw a pitch in a big-league game. By the time Sammy takes the mound for his first Angels game, expectations are so high that he cannot possibly live up to them.
He is roughed up by opponents in the first inning, humiliating the owner and making fans furious. But, gradually, with a surprise assist from Virgil on the field, Sammy settles down and begins to look like a star who's on his way.

</doc>
<doc id="21546672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546672" title="Samester Parkway Apartments">
Samester Parkway Apartments

Samester Parkway Apartments is a historic apartment complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The 72-unit complex consists of two symmetrical detached wings, massed as stacked chevrons of six apartment buildings each, that face each other across a central courtyard. They are three-story, red brick, garden apartment structures. The complex was constructed in 1939 in the Art Deco style. It is an early example of Federal Housing Administration-financed garden apartments in Baltimore and is an excellent example of the American translation of European modern architectural style.
Samester Parkway Apartments was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21546673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546673" title="Doing It Right">
Doing It Right

Doing It Right (DIR) is a holistic approach to scuba diving that encompasses several essential elements, including fundamental diving skills, teamwork, physical fitness, and streamlined and minimalistic equipment configurations. DIR proponents maintain that through these elements, safety is improved by standardizing equipment configuration and dive-team procedures for preventing and dealing with emergencies.
DIR evolved out of the efforts of divers involved in the Woodville Karst Plain Project (WKPP) during the 1990s, who were seeking ways of reducing the fatality rate in those cave systems. The DIR philosophy is now used as a basis for teaching scuba diving from entry-level to technical and cave qualifications by several organizations, such as Global Underwater Explorers (GUE), Unified Team Diving (UTD) and Inner Space Explorers (ISE).
History.
The DIR approach (and name) evolved out of the Woodville Karst Plain Project (WKPP) in the mid-1990s, where the objective was conducting dives in a very high risk environment: Not only cave diving, but also deep, long duration and exploration of previously unknown parts of a very large cave system.
The origins of the approach to equipment taken by DIR practitioners can be found in the 'Hogarthian' equipment configuration attributed to William Hogarth Main. These individuals, along with many others, were attempting to develop equipment and procedures to allow the safer exploration of the deep submerged caves in the area.
Successfully carrying out the advanced diving required for deep cave penetration, as in the Woodville Karst Plain Project, places a great need to focus on the fundamentals of exactly how such diving should be carried out, and how equipment should be selected and configured for this type of diving, to maximise mission effectiveness and minimise risk.
The DIR approach was originally confined to cave diving, but soon spread to other forms of technical diving. Since recreational diving is the natural source of future technical divers, the DIR philosophy was extended into this field, although the recreational practices were already considered acceptably low risk by most diver certification agencies and insurance companies.
The phrase "Doing It Right" as applied to diving is thought to have appeared in 1995 in an article by George Irvine III. Irvine and Jarrod Jablonski eventually formalized and popularized this approach as DIR, promoting its practises for all forms of scuba diving. Irvine's polemic style and inflexible stance led to a great deal of controversy and, while popularizing the style among some people, repelled many others. This has begun to ameliorate somewhat. . , there are at least two US-based dive training organizations, Global Underwater Explorers (GUE) and Unified Team Diving (UTD), and many independent dive instructors who teach a DIR style of diving. GUE renamed its 'DIR Fundamentals' course to 'GUE Fundamentals' in 2007, distancing itself somewhat from the acronym "DIR".
UTD completely change the DIR methodology to better suit their sidemount and CCR classes, not DIR by definition.
Since 2010 International Diving Research & Exploration Organization (IDREO) promotes DIR exploration, and its techniques have been offered to qualified divers through seminars, so they can join Cave like Exploration Projects that by definition go beyond traditional recreational and technical diving limits.
In particular:
Tenets.
Doing It Right is about diving safely for personal enjoyment of the underwater environment The principle of buddy support and teamwork using basic, well practiced, familiar and standardised safety procedures is central to the philosophy. Use of simple, reliable, well matched and rugged equipment that is versatile in its application, and familiar to all team members is seen as the logical way to achieve the highest levels of teamwork and as a means of minimizing task loading on the divers by reducing drag, and allowing good trim and buoyancy control, maneuverability and freedom of movement and low risk of entanglement. The familiar DIR equipment configuration is a means to this end.
A holistic approach to diving is a central DIR principle. DIR is a system and as such equipment configuration should be considered within the context of the whole philosophy, and the ultimate aims of ensuring safety, efficiency and enjoyment. Diving equipment is viewed as only one part of the diving activity. DIR proponents believe that the most important piece of dive equipment is the diver, followed by the team, and the interactions between the team members.
Experience.
Experience is considered a key aspect of becoming a good diver. It is the result of training and familiarity with the demands of the various environments. Training of fundamental skills by a suitably competent professional educator is recommended as the most effective route to gaining experience safely, however this is not a substitute for time spent in the water practicing and using the skills, as this produces the familiarity and comfort of repetitive exposure, eventually allowing the diver to perform the skills with minimised stress and delay, even in difficult circumstances.
Ability.
Competence is a combination of knowledge, aptitude and practice of good technique. Knowledge and technique can be learned, and assiduous practice can compensate for lack of natural aptitude. Course training does not generally provide sufficient time to hone skills and develop the optimum level of knowledge, and therefore additional review and practice are usually necessary.
Equipment.
DIR proponents say equipment configuration should be simple, streamlined, exactly sufficient or minimalistic and applicable to all diving situations, from shallow reef diving to long cave penetrations. It must also be appropriate for reliable team support, so the configuration of each diver's equipment must be familiar to all members of the dive team
Streamlined equipment and standardised configuration.
The standard DIR equipment configuration is fairly well established.
The configuration has been designed and evolved to work in all situations. The intention was to improve a diver's efficiency and overall convenience and minimise risk. The configuration is minimalist and streamlined, and equipment should not hang free, stick out or increase drag unnecessarily, or cause entanglement.
Balance and trim.
The DIR rig is carefully weighted to ensure that the diver is not overweight but is able to maintain accurate depth and trim at any decompression stop. This requires assessment of how each component part fits into and affects the buoyancy characteristics of the configuration as a whole. The choice of cylinder size and material must be chosen with due consideration of the effects on buoyancy and trim in conjunction with the selection of dive suit
Gas usage parameters.
The parameters for gas use recommended by DIR are relatively conservative. These include:
Unified team.
The notion of a unified dive team is central to the DIR philosophy. A unified team acts in concert to preserve the safety of the team and meet the goals of the dive. All of the team's equipment and its consumables (i.e. breathing gas, batteries) are held in common and dedicated to the safety, comfort and dive goals of the team. In addition, each team member should be familiar with what all other team members are carrying.
Divers of similar competence and preparation are grouped together to form a team that provides greater safety than possible if they dive independently. By maintaining a similar high level of care and attention among the team members, the experience of diving as part of the team can be more rewarding and satisfactory than diving without the support of such a team.
Preparation.
The notion of preparation within the DIR ethos applies well before the divers approach the water. It encompasses personal physical fitness, mental fitness, rigorous planning and pre-dive safety drills and routines.
Fitness.
General physical fitness.
DIR divers are expected to keep themselves physically fit, as this reduces the stressful effects of high levels of exertion, and provides the diver with a better chance of effectively dealing with a problem. GUE minimum level of fitness is equivalent to a 400m continuous swim. with a medium fitness rated as 1600m continuous swim.
Whilst all forms of diver training promote physical fitness, the DIR approach takes it furthest. DIR training agencies have much more demanding swimming ability requirements to start the courses, and mandate much higher degrees of continuing physical fitness.
Mental fitness.
Mental fitness includes focus on the dive, so that the diver can be responsive to the demands of the dive and remain aware of the situation and surroundings, and respond timeously to contingencies, so that development of crises can be curtailed at an early stage. This approach is supported by the findings of Blumenberg (1996) and Lock (2011)
Dive planning.
Unique features.
Several features of the DIR approach are at odds with more conventional forms of diver training.
Training.
DIR training differs from mainstream Rec/Tec in several ways.
Age restrictions.
Agencies that promote DIR do not train divers younger than 16 (UTD), (GUE Rec 1), or 14 for divers certified by another agency (GUE Primer).
Standardisation of safety procedures and drills.
There are several standardised procedures and safety drills developed by the DIR community. These include:
Fundamental diving skills.
DIR holds that lack of basic diving skills is common in recreational and technical diving, and the lack of these skills results in stress, fatigue and occasionally fatalities. Poor technique is said to increase stress, and reduce ability to cope with emergencies, which often develop as an accumulation of poor technique and lack of situational awareness. Skill levels should be appropriate to the environment, planned dive profile and tasks.
Unlike some other diver training and certification agencies, GUE is specific about the required standard of performance for the basic skills for a new diver, an advanced diver, and an advanced technical diver, and specifies the equipment the diver should be carrying during assessment in the latter case. This allows an objective assessment of skills. The diver and instructor can both agree whether the skill has been performed as required, and the diver has a specific goal to aim for while practising.
Mask clearing.
The DIR view is that it is essential that divers master this skill, even if it takes many repetitions, as inability to adequately clear the mask leads to stress and distraction, and the dislodging of the mask during a stressful stage of a dive may then lead to panic.
Buoyancy control.
Buoyancy control is considered both an essential skill and one of the most difficult for the novice to master. Lack of proper buoyancy control is likely to disturb or damage the surroundings, and is a source of additional and unnecessary physical effort to maintain precise depth, which also increases stress.
Trim.
Trim is the diver's attitude in the water, in terms of balance and alignment with the direction of motion. Accurately controlled trim reduces swimming effort, as it reduces the sectional area of the diver passing through the water. A slight head down trim is recommended to reduce downthrust during finning, and this reduces silting and fin impact with the bottom. Buoyancy compensators and weighting systems that make horizontal trim difficult are deprecated for this reason. Systems are recommended that concentrate weight centrally and restrict weighting to what is actually needed to compensate for equipment buoyancy and use of gas during the dive.
Gas management.
The DIR diver must be aware of remaining gas supply at all times, as this is the critical requirement for survival. The diver must be aware of how much gas is needed to return to the surface from any point in the dive, and ensure that this, and a suitable safety margin, is available according to the dive plan.
Finning technique.
Efficient propulsion is not only necessary for good gas endurance, but also for skilled maneuvering. The diver is required to master finning styles that are suitable for the different environments and circumstances, and fins must not only be suitable for performing the required finning techniques, but must provide sufficient thrust when needed, and minimise snagging on lines and other items. Overly flexible fins, hinged fins and split fins may be unable to provide these requirements, and are therefore considered an unacceptable handicap. Straps must not fail, and simple, snag free and reliable systems are required.
Directional awareness.
The ability to find one's way around during a dive can be critical to survival. Navigation skills and techniques appropriate to the environment must be mastered. The dive plan must be understood and followed, and contingency plans should be available for the foreseeable deviations from the plan.
Buddy skills.
DIR divers must be completely dedicated to the buddy system, primarily in the interest of safety, but also because failure to follow the expected procedures is likely to compromise the dive plan. The DIR buddy and his/her equipment are regarded as backup to the whole team, and provide necessary redundancy in case of equipment failure or other accident, without overburdening the divers with additional equipment.
Communication.
Communication is central to buddy and team diving. DIR divers must be competent at underwater communication by hand signals and light signals, and to use them to ensure that they are always aware of the status of the rest of the team. DIR divers have an extended range of hand signals, some particularly relevant to overhead and decompression diving. Divers are expected to understand hand signals by touch in case of zero visibility.
Equipment management.
Familiarity and comfort with equipment are considered important, as the diver should be able to perform necessary procedures quickly and effectively both for efficiency in normal diving, and for safety in emergencies, where any delay can increase the risk of escalation. The use of standardised equipment configurations and procedures is promoted as conducive to familiarity and thereby comfort. The recommended configurations are claimed to be optimised for both comfort and efficiency. DIR proponents indicate that poor equipment handling skills are often due to shortcomings in training programmes, but can also be a result of inherently sub-optimal configurations.
Rescue and avoiding the necessity.
DIR proponents consider that rescue skills and training are necessary for all levels of diver, not only to perform a rescue in an emergency, but also because the training and skills are likely to reduce the risk of an emergency developing in the first place. Most emergencies are the result of bad planning, inadequate skills and lack of awareness culminating in a situation beyond the control of the diver. Self rescue occurs when the diver pre-empts the development of the emergency by recognising the early stages and taking appropriate action. This is facilitated by the same training appropriate to rescue of another diver.
The second way of preventing an emergency is monitoring by an aware and alert buddy, who may pick up signs of impending problems by situational awareness and skilled observation, one of the advantages of the unified team concept and effective communications within the team.
Actual rescue, though desirable when necessary, often indicates a failure to manage minor problems and a lack of attention to signs of stress buildup. However, there are also occasions when things do go wrong in spite of good planning and procedures—and good training and well honed skills contribute to a successful rescue effort, rather than a double fatality.
The factors most likely to increase risk of an accident include:
Stress on the diver can be caused by a large range of factors. It is not possible to eliminate them all, but a large number may be reduced by appropriate training, adequate skills and fitness, the use of suitable equipment in effective configurations, and effective teamwork and communications. In effect, this is the purpose of the DIR system.
Equipment and configuration.
DIR equipment choice and equipment configuration should be considered together, as the two are philosophically inseparable. A change to one item of equipment may have complex consequences for the entire configuration and for procedures that depend on that equipment configuration. These consequences must be analysed before making a change. This is not to say that DIR equipment and configuration is immutable and can not be improved, but that all the consequences to the system must be considered when a variation is contemplated, so that knock-on effects can be avoided.
The basic principle of DIR diving also includes familiarity of all divers in the team with all equipment used by the team, and all the procedures intended to be used by the team, and that interchangeability of DIR divers between teams is highly desirable. The natural consequence is that changes are not easily accepted unless very well motivated. This may be interpreted as inflexibility by persons who do not analyse the philosophy of the system.
When there is a choice between two items of equipment with the same purpose, and one is clearly better than the other for a reason that affects risk and safety, the DIR philosophy insists that only use of the safer item is doing it right.
The configurations and procedures recommended by the DIR proponents did not spring into existence fully formed and perfect, they were developed, largely by trial and error, and significantly by William Hogarth Main, who continues experimenting with configurations and equipment in the interests of improving the system.
The DIR equipment system can be described as minimalist. Items of equipment that do not serve a useful purpose on a dive are considered a liability. Redundancy is provided where necessary within the personal equipment of the diver, and where possible by availability of team equipment. Multiple redundancy across personal and team equipment is only resorted to when necessary.
Streamlining and maintaining a low profile and cross sectional area are important considerations but effectiveness and robust applicability to a wide range of environments are possibly more important, as they allow a basic core configuration that is effective in virtually any recreational diving situation, and allow standardisation of procedures, which in turn lets the diving team be assembled from similarly trained and equipped divers, who integrate more easily into an effective team. In this context, streamlining includes the aspect of reducing hydrodynamic drag when swimming, but more importantly, the reduction of entanglement and entrapment hazards due to equipment components to a minimum.
This philosophy does not preclude the use of equipment that is necessary for a special task, but would be applied to the choice of the equipment and how it is transported and deployed.
Back Plate.
The back plate and harness forms the foundation of the DIR diving equipment system. The back plate is used to anchor the harness, buoyancy compensator, and provides storage for other items. The back plate is a rigid plate with minimal padding bent from flat stainless steel or aluminum plate and slotted for straps, or formed from other materials with similar rigidity characteristics. The choice of materials is determined by the operational needs of the diver and the environment. The back plate is purpose built for double tanks and adaptable for singles tanks as required, using either an adapter or strap cutouts.
Harness.
The harness is formed with one continuous length of nylon webbing secured through dedicated top and bottom slots in the back plate. The harness should not contain any quick release mechanisms. The webbing must be adjustable and is secured with a single stainless steel buckle located on the diver’s right waist, this position lessens the potential of accidental opening by the crotch strap. A crotch strap runs from the bottom of the back plate to a loop in front that the waist strap passes through, securing the harness/back plate system to the diver. The crotch strap prevents the harness system from shifting and riding high on the diver. The harness supports 5 “D” rings, one placed on the divers left waist, one on each shoulder strap, and two on the crotch strap. The left side waist “D” ring is used to attach the back gas SPG, stage bottles, and other gear that may be required for a particular dive. The shoulder “D” rings are used for securing the backup lights, the primary regulator when not in use, and temporary storage of other pieces of equipment. The crotch strap “D” rings allow for the front to be used solely for attachment to a DPV (scooter), and the rear “D” ring is used for attaching equipment as needed. The primary light battery canister is placed on the waist belt on the right, secured with a secondary stainless steel buckle or the primary stainless steel belt buckle as appropriate .
Buoyancy control.
Buoyancy control involves the balance between the buoyancy of the various items of equipment during the course of a dive. The main variables are:
Buoyancy compensators.
In keeping with the minimalist philosophy, buoyancy compensators should be only as large as is necessary to provide neutral buoyancy at any point in the dive. This should not exceed about for twin cylinders or for single cylinders, on the premise that this would be evidence that the rig is unbalanced and unsafe, as the diver should be able to drop excess weight and swim up without a functioning buoyancy compensator.
The corrugated hose should be long enough to easily dump air from the bladder and no longer, as this makes it difficult to streamline.
Dual bladder buoyancy compenators are considered both unnecessary and unsafe. Unnecessary in that there are alternative methods available to a correctly rigged diver to compensate for a defective BC, and unsafe in that there is no obvious way to tell which bladder is holding air, and a leak into the secondary bladder may go unnoticed until the buoyancy has increased to the extent that the diver is unable to stop the ascent, while struggling to empty the air from the wrong bladder. Monitoring the air content of two bladders is unnecessary additional task loading, which distracts attention from other matters.
The inflator mechanism must not be a high flow type. It is easier to deal with a runaway inflation on a low flow rate inflator.
Regulators.
Connection.
The yoke connector is vulnerable to blowing the O-ring seal when impacted against an overhead or other obstacle. As the loss of the o-ring that seals the first stage to the cylinder valve causes a major loss of breathing gas, this weakness of the yoke connector is unacceptable, considering that the alternative DIN connection is freely available and more resistant to loss of seal on impact. The DIN connection also has a slightly lower profile in the vulnerable manifold area and is therefore less likely to be impacted in the first place, particularly with normal outlets (outlets that are perpendicular to the cylinder axis, as opposed to those tilted at about 45°).
Hoses.
Long hose.
Required in overhead and decompression diving as it simplifies air sharing, thus reducing risk. It is always mounted to the right cylinder valve post, as the right cylinder valve is unlikely to be rolled closed by contact with an overhead surface, and possibly jammed in this position. Optional in shallow, open water diving where there is direct access to the surface and no requirement to travel any considerable distance while sharing gas.
Short hose.
The secondary regulator hose length should be no longer than necessary to breathe comfortably and move the head normally, so that it is less likely to snag.
Regulator configuration.
When diving with a single first stage on a single cylinder, both second stage hoses route to the right, and the inflator hose and SPG hose route to the left. This lets divers use all the components in exactly the same way and store them in the same places as when they use two first stages. A long hose may be used for the primary, but is not obligatory for shallow open water diving.
Two first stages are used when twin cylinders are used, or when a "Y" or "H" cylinder valve is used. A long hose is used for the primary, which is mounted on the right cylinder valve or right post of the "Y" or "H" valve. The right side first stage also supplies gas for the BC inflation hose, as this side is at a lower risk for roll-off. The left cylinder first stage supplies the backup second stage, which is routed over the right shoulder and stored on a necklace, the suit inflation hose, and the submersible pressure gauge. The SPG hose is routed down the left side of the harness and the SPG is clipped to the hip D-ring.
Stage regulators.
Stage regulators are fitted with a submersible pressure gauge on a short () hose, bent so the diver can read it easily, and held in place with bungie cord. The regulator hose is octopus length (about ) and when not in use is secured to the cylinder under an elastic band. The cylinder valve is closed when not in use, though the regulator may be pressurised to keep water out before starting the dive.
Submersible pressure gauges.
The SPG must be neatly clipped off where it cannot snag or cause unnecessary drag. This implies a hose just long enough to reach the waist belt D-ring on the left hip, where it is clipped, and no additional instruments in a console to increase bulk. the gauge is read by unclipping with the left hand, and bringing it up to where it can be read without disturbing the trim and progress of the diver, whether finning or using a DPV.
Cylinders.
Manifolds.
Knobs.
The knobs fitted to cylinder valves and manifolds should be able to withstand a moderate impact without fracturing or bending the spindle and jamming. Hard plastic valves may be brittle and break under impact, and metal knobs are more likely to transfer the full impact to the spindle, thus a greater risk of bending or shearing the spindle and rendering the valve inoperable. If the valve has been rolled off at the same time, the gas supply is isolated and unavailable to the diver. These knobs are not approved. The approved valve knob is hard rubber or non-brittle plastic, which flexes to absorb much of the impact energy, with a metal insert, so the connection to the spindle is less likely to strip. Spring loading of the valve knob can also absorb impact loads, but only from some directions.
Stage and decompression cylinders.
A stage cylinder contains gas intended to extend bottom time. A decompression cylinder contains gas intended for use during decompression, usually a different mixture to the bottom gas. Externally the equipment is basically identical, except for the marking identifying the contents by maximum operating depth.
The DIR requirement for stage and decompression cylinders for the dive is that they should be aluminium, for reasons of near-neutral buoyancy. The cylinders should be rigged with stainless steel bolt snaps of a size to allow easy operation. If gloves are worn in cold water, a large snap is needed. The snaps must be attached to a line clamped about halfway along the cylinder. The upper snap is attached to the line near the neck and close to the tank, and the lower snap to the line that extends beyond the clamp. ¼" line and stainless steel hose clamps are standard. The distance between the snaps should be about 16".
The cylinder is carried clipped to the shoulder and hip D-rings on the left side, and should be held close at the shoulder and relatively loose at the hip, to allow it to find a streamlined position at the diver's side. It must be possible to cut the cylinder free if the snaps should jam.
Cylinder must be marked with Maximum Operating Depth on both sides where it can be seen by the diver and others in the team. Other markings are considered extraneous.
Mask.
Low volume masks are used as they reduce drag and are easier to clear. A spare mask is recommended if the dive will be long with extended decompression.
Snorkel.
The snorkel is an adjunct to diving without breathing apparatus. In overhead diving they are considered a significant entanglement hazard.
Fins.
Stiff bladed fins with spring straps replacing the original plastic buckles and rubber straps are recommended. The spring straps are considered more secure than the conventional rubber and plastic straps, and the stiff blades are suitable for generating maximum thrust when needed, provided the diver has adequate leg strength.
Knife or cutting tool.
The knife is carried in an open sheath on the waist belt to the left of the crotch strap where it can be reached by either hand. It is a line cutting tool and does not need a point, but must have a sharp edge that is effective on thin lines and nets. Paramedic shears and purpose designed line cutters can be kept in a wetsuit/ drysuit pocket if there is a high risk of entanglement.
Dive lights.
The basic DIR configuration includes a single primary canister light at the diver's right hip and two reserve lights clipped to the chest D-rings and secured against the harness straps by rubber bands. Lights are optional for shallow open water diving.
Primary light.
The recommended primary light is a canister light with a Goodman handle light head. The Goodman handle allows the diver to direct the beam of the light while leaving the hand free to perform other functions. The principle of only carrying equipment that is necessary would make the primary light a requirement on dives where a light is needed, but not otherwise. However even in good visibility a powerful light can enhance the dive by restoring full colour at depth. The canister is carried on the waist belt to the right side, secured by a belt buckle, and the light head is carried on the left hand when in use, and clipped to the right shoulder D-ring when not in use or when the hands are needed to perform an operation where the light would be in the way. 
The primary light would be optional on well illuminated recreational dives.
Backup lights.
Backup (reserve) lights are carried where they are unlikely to snag, and cause minimal drag, but can be reached and operated by one hand. Two are required for overhead diving. The storage position for backup lights is clipped to the chest D-rings and held against the harness by rubber bands, where they are tucked away and unlikely to snag, but remain easily accessible to both hands, and can be turned on before unclipping, so they can be easily found if dropped. Fresh non-rechargeable batteries should be installed before any dive where burn time of the backup light may be critical to safety, and burn time should allow exit from any point in the dive with a margin for problems.
Compass.
Mounted on left wrist. The compass is mounted on the wrist, as the alternative mounting on a retractor or on a console are considered more likely to drag on the bottom, thereby potentially damaging delicate structures and organisms or snagging.
It is worn on the left as in more advanced diving the usage of scooters is prevalent. These scooters with the magnetic fields emitted by their electrical engines can disturb the compass, so it is kept on the opposite side of the body.
Surface buoyancy aids.
The Diver Life Raft and Surf Shuttle are inflatable safety devices for diving where currents or distance could create a life-threatening situation if the diver is separated from the dive boat. They are intended as floatation aids for lost dvers or those facing long surface swims.
These items can be stored in a pocket mounted to the diver's backplate.
Variation to suit the environment.
When the DIR equipment configuration is used in different environments, equipment details change to suit without compromising the basic concepts.
"Doing It Wrongly".
Some DIR divers refer to non-DIR diving practices as DIW (Doing It Wrongly), and the non-DIR-compliant divers as "strokes". The website frogkick.nl expresses an opinion that the practices and equipment are "faulty". This is a highly controversial matter in recreational and technical diving. Some of the tenets are logical, supported by evidence and may even be undisputed. Others are strongly disputed, and may lack robust evidence for the claims, or may be defended by inconsistent logic. Others again may be more applicable to specific aspects of technical diving, and not generally best possible practice:
The following listed practices and equipment are some of those deprecated by DIR divers and/or training organisations:
Variations and schisms within DIR.
However, as with all great movements, comes inevitable corruption and fragmentation. Today, DIR has spread to every corner of the globe, with self-appointed DIR groups emerging in dozens of different countries. Given their physical separation, their lack of centralized direction, their own specific agendas, beliefs, power struggles and constraints, these satellite groups cannot help but to promote a version of DIR that is uniquely their own. This version of "DIR" will likely have little resemblance to the original. This will be the case, however well-intentioned, however devoted to the founding principles of DIR, these satellites may be. — Jarrod Jablonski
DIR criticisms and controversies.
From its earliest days, proponents of DIR have been critical of many other agencies, whose training they believe insufficient in fundamental diving skills. Although DIR system became well known in the field of long range, mixed gas, cave diving, it is claimed that its philosophy makes it both efficient and effective in different environments. This has been disputed by other individual divers and training agencies who claim that DIR is less optimal than their methods in particular situations. The British Cave Diving Group, for example, prefers to dive solo in caves, and argues that the DIR system, which relies on buddies and teams, presents problems for British caves that the CDG do not experience.
Solo diving.
Some other training agencies also promote solo diving, and recommend practices that do not conform with DIR principles.
Controversies over DIR configurations suiting the developing skills, objectives and specific risks of recreational diving.
Recreational diving is a very popular sport, with nearly 20 million certifications issued by PADI alone. The reality is that in such a large and diverse diving population there is a very wide range of skills, abilities, and ambitions. Many divers dive infrequently - in a 1998 survey DEMA found that no more than a third of divers actually dived more than 10 times over a three-year period. With respect to this diverse diving population:
Acquisition of dive equipment is done in phases over an extended period of time and is subject to considerable budgetary constraint. A fully compliant DIR based system costs more than a simple recreational setup, meaning that moving through the phases of kit acquisition focused on DIR approval leads to having less personally owned equipment for much of the acquisition period. It has been argued that the lack of necessity to purchase a dive computer reduces DIR costs(Jablonski: ""Dive computers are expensive, and prevent divers with limited resources from purchasing truly useful equipment"""), it has also been argued that the lack of a dive computer adds to the risk of diving for recreational divers. Recreational dive equipment manufacturers provide equipment designed to provide a wide range of costs and performance characteristics in equipment, targeted at the range of uses and demands that recreational divers transition through as they acquire kit.
Controversy over DIR applicability to local practices in diving.
Deep cave diving (as in the WKPP) and other types of scuba diving can have significant differences in hazards and environmental conditions. Conflicts exist where local diving practice experts say these conditions are so different that DIR system rationale and practices simply do not apply, and that DIR recommendations actually cause difficulties.
Criticism arising from DIR public relations and behavior.
The rise of DIR from a local cave diving group of enthusiasts to a philosophy of diving followed by thousands, has been marked by persistent controversy. Part of this is due to sub-optimal public relations by some leaders and followers of the movement. Those who have had the most to say in public have often been least diplomatic in their criticism of both mainstream recreational and technical diving procedure, and the more obviously loose cannons of the opposing technical diving schools of thought.
The core of the controversy surrounding DIR is in the phrase "Doing It Right". If a group is DIR, then all who are not doing things the DIR way are considered to be 'Doing it Wrong'. The use of the term 'stroke' to describe non-DIR divers has exacerbated tensions.
ossibly the most important piece of wisdom in the diving world, and is something we should all apply to all of our diving. It is, simply, 'Don't dive with strokes.'
The term 'stroke' refers to someone who, knowing there is a better system, chooses to dive in a less than optimal way. It applies to those instructors who encourage students (who know no better) to exercise personal preference to sell more equipment. It applies to those who don't plan their dives, dive beyond their abilities, dive deep on air, take unnecessary risks, do big dives using unfamiliar gear, or who's only reason for diving is depth.
Diving with strokes moves us into an area where our safety is no longer in our own hands. Strokes are sometimes highly 'qualified'. Often they seem very confident - usually because they have no concept of the danger they are getting themselves, and you, into. — George M Irvine III
This generated a lot of argument, mostly on various internet forums. Many of these arguments devolved rapidly into braggadocio, name calling and foul language. The terms used in such accusatory arguments include:
The vitriol expressed about other non-DIR diving practices and non-DIR diving personalities has been criticised as having gone well beyond the bounds of common decency and proper professional behaviour on many occasions. This criticism has especially been applied to statements made by George Irvine III. Several years after defining the DIR practices in his seminal "Doing It Right" article, Irvine became involved in making a highly public and very offensive personal attack on Rob Palmer (founder of the International Technical Diving Association (ITDA) and one of the significant pioneers of technical and cave diving) at the time of Palmer's tragic death in a diving accident. The remarks were so offensive that Irvine’s status as an instructor and a member of Technical Diving International were revoked. This was not an isolated incident. The strident nature of DIR claims to correctness are much inspired by George Irvine’s style, for example his attack on one of the most successful rebreather designs - the Buddy Inspiration. If anything, this strident approach has been totally counterproductive to the DIR movement.
There is no extant empiricism proving the DIR approach better than any other approach, and no formal engineering analysis (FMEA - as used for commercial diving) made to establish whether or not the DIR system provides improved safety and usability for all sport diving. Proponents of DIR point to the safety record and achievements of the WKPP,
the 1999 GUE Britannic expedition,
the Mexican Cave Exploration Project,
and the recent exploration of the German aircraft carrier Graf Zeppelin by UTD divers
as anecdotal evidence of the strength of the DIR system of diving, yet even under the stringent practises of the DIR system diving fatality still does occur.
Controversy about fundamental philosophy.
There are strongly differing views between DIR authorities and other highly respected diving figures on the proper way a diver should go about choosing equipment in his/her diving configuration, and how safe the diver is in making these decisions.
Comparisons between DIR and other recreational and technical diving groups.
Because DIR's insistence on standardization is frequently misunderstood, it sometimes becomes a source of tension among divers. This is because some see the insistence on uniformity as an indictment of practices that do not abide by DIR principles. However, there is nothing essentially hostile or critical about DIR; in its most basic form, it is ultimately pragmatic, promoting the concept of uniformity within and among teams of divers. However, there is a certain degree of legitimate tension generated by imprudent advocates of DIR, who, having personally benefited from the system, become evangelical in promotiog what they understand of its tenets. However, this is not an intrinsic weakness of DIR. All successful movements have their zealots. — Jarrod Jablonski
Trimix vs Deep air.
The DIR approach requires the use of trimix below . Most other agencies train divers to use compressed air or Nitrox to at least ; some use "deep air" as deep as and at least one offers to train divers to use air as deep as . DIR is unusual in promoting the use of hyperoxic 30/30 trimix.
Dive computers.
The DIR philosophy is trenchantly opposed to the use of dive computers. Most other technical diver training agencies recommend using two — a primary and a backup.
"Doing it Right: The Fundamentals of Better Diving" page 119 lists 13 reasons why dive computers are bad. However, some of these appear strange - including the suggestion that they are expensive (modern dive computers are cheap, especially when compared with the cost of other equipment and diving gases recommended by the DIR approach), and too conservative (the approach to decompression promoted by DIR - ratio decompression - leads to decompression profiles of varying conservatism, but are often very conservative).
Team diving.
Most technical diving is focused on self-reliance, and creates an emphasis on solo diving mentality. DIR is solidly committed to buddy or "team" diving.
Standardised equipment configuration.
DIR requires that all divers in the team should have standardised equipment configurations to facilitate assistance. Whereas other conventional training agencies promote customising equipment for particular scenarios and individuals (sometimes called "personal preference"), DIR strongly advocates everyone always being outfitted similarly (with the exception of task-specific equipment).
"Doing it Right: The Fundamentals of Better Diving" page 67 says: "It is the perfect system in zero visibility as well as in crystal clear water. The DIR system requires no modification to function effectively and efficiently in different environments ... In freezing water these divers use dry gloves and thicker undergarments and possibly electric heat. Cold water divers use slightly larger bolt-snaps. Otherwise, exactly the same system is used whether the dive is below ice or in the balmy tropics."
Redundancy.
While most training agencies preach the maximising of equipment redundancy, in certain areas DIR opposes equipment redundancy; for example, the DIR approach is against dual bladder buoyancy compensators
Age.
Most diver training agencies will train divers as young as 12, and some as young as 10 (or even 8 for pool diving). Agencies that promote DIR do not train divers younger than 16 (UTD), (GUE Rec 1), or 14 for divers certified by another agency (GUE Primer)

</doc>
<doc id="21546680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546680" title="Keitaro Konnai">
Keitaro Konnai


</doc>
<doc id="21546695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546695" title="Martin Williams (footballer)">
Martin Williams (footballer)

Martin Keith Williams (born 12 July 1973 in Luton, England) is a former professional football striker, most famously for Reading. Whilst at Reading he played on loan for Irish Football League side Bangor F.C.. He played for Windsor and Eton since 2007 in the Southern League Premier Division.
He is currently club captain of Hartley Wintney in the Combined Counties League.

</doc>
<doc id="21546700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546700" title="Motorsport before 1906">
Motorsport before 1906


</doc>
<doc id="21546701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546701" title="Lispenard-Rodman-Davenport House">
Lispenard-Rodman-Davenport House

The Lispenard-Rodman-Davenport House in New Rochelle, New York a historic residence dating back to the early 18th century. The house is the oldest residential structure in New Rochelle. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
In 1708 Antoine Lispenard bought from Jacob Leisler's son a half interest in the peninsula, or neck, between New Rochelle Creek and Long Island Sound. Six years later he bought the other half. Across the inlet he built a dam and a tidal gristmill. Each incoming tide filled a millpond behind the dam, and then, as the tide ebbed, the water was released through a millrace to turn the mill wheel. Nearby the mill, on the neck itself, Lispenard built his home, a stone house of one-and-a-half stories, with the front eaves extending to form the roof of a wide porch.
In 1732 he sold his property to Joseph Rodman who later doubled the size of the house. By 1776 the house and Neck had passed to John R. Myers who owned it for the duration of the American Revolutionary War. During this brief period the house was used by the British as a hospital for their wounded soldiers.
In 1784 the property came into the possession of the Davenport family, and so is currently known as Davenport's Neck. 
Generations of the Davenport family, and other owners after them made further changes to the house, so that the original structure built by Antoine Lispenard and Joseph Rodman is largely invisible. In the 1860s, the original roof was replaced by a modified mansard, topped by a cupola. Restoration by the late Louis Ferguson managed to reveal and preserve several elements of the original structure such as the hand-hewn beams of its frame and the lime mortar made from local oyster shells, used to cement its stone wall. Other features of the house include walls, pine floorboards and a fireplace in the kitchen. Several Lispenard family grave-sites are also located on the property.

</doc>
<doc id="21546703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546703" title="Yoshinobu Miyazaki">
Yoshinobu Miyazaki


</doc>
<doc id="21546705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546705" title="MYLK2">
MYLK2

Myosin light chain kinase 2 also known as MYLK2 is an enzyme which in humans is encoded by the "MYLK2" gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a myosin light chain kinase, a calcium / calmodulin dependent enzyme, that is exclusively expressed in adult skeletal muscle. The MYLK2 gene expresses skMLCK more prevalently in fast twitch muscle fibers as compared to slow twitch muscle fibers. Calmodulin is composed of two terminal domains (N,C) each containing two E-F hand motifs that bind to Ca2+. Upon saturation of Ca2+, Calmodulin undergoes a conformation change allowing it to bind with a target protein such as skMLCK. An image depicting a similar complex (sdCen/skMLCK2) is shown under myosin light chain kinase. This binding to skMLCK increases the affinity of Ca2+ and ultimately leads to a sustained muscle action.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in the "MYLK2" gene have been linked to midventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="21546709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546709" title="Sha viyani">
Sha viyani

Letter Shaviyani (ށ- formerly "Rhaviyani") is the second letter of the Thaana abugaida- the writing system used in Dhivehi language of the Maldives and Minicoy Island. 
Phonological significance.
The Shaviyani sound () is unique to the Dhivehi language and is most similar to the cerebral t (ඨ ) in Sinhalese. Wilhelm Geiger in his Maldivian Linguistic Studies states: 
""The sound is very difficult to describe and to imitate. It varies between r, h and s: is rather soft,; and is, so far as I could observe uttered by putting the tip of the tongue in the highest part of the palate, and letting the breath escape sideways between the teeth"".
Anthropological and historic significance.
In the earliest work on Maldivian history written by a Maldivian, (the "Kitab fi Athaari Meedoo el-Qadimiyyeh" by Allama Ahmed Shihabuddine of Meedhoo) Shaviyani is considered a unique characteristic of the language of the first Maldivian settler still reminiscent in the Dhivehi language today. It is said that these first settlers, the Deyvis, came from Kalbanja (possibly Kalinga) in India several centuries before the Kingdom of Malik Aashooq and settled in Isduva island (Isdhoo) of Isduvammathi (Haddhunmathi Atoll). By the time the late-Aryan settlers came to settle the Maldives in 600 B.C., the original language of the Deyvis had been mixed with that of later settlers the "Redins" and the "Kunibeens" to form the Deevis language; but the unique Shaviyani sound had survived. The letter was described as that letter pronounced between the letter "r" and "sh". In fact the letter was called rhaviyani until much later.
Linguistic usage.
In modern Dhivehi, the letter Shaviyani has two different usage.
Other notes.
Shaviyani is also the name designated to the administrative division of the Maldives comprising the 51 islands of the Northern Miladhunmadulhu Atoll.

</doc>
<doc id="21546710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546710" title="Kilmore East, Victoria">
Kilmore East, Victoria

Kilmore East is a locality in the Australian state of Victoria, 90 kilometres north of Melbourne.
Kilmore East railway and telegraph station was established in 1872 to serve Kilmore. 
The Post Office at Kilmore East opened on 1 September 1872 as Gavan Duffy, named after 
Sir Charles Gavan Duffy the Premier of Victoria until June of that 
year. It was renamed Kilmore East two months later and closed in 1976. Gavan Street and Duffy 
Street are reminders of the original township name.
In 1976, a bluestone quarry was developed 3 km to the north of the station.
A hilltop above Saunders Road was identified as the starting point of a major bushfire on 7 February 2009 that devastated many localities to the south-east including Wandong and Kinglake.

</doc>
<doc id="21546711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546711" title="Chhote Miyan">
Chhote Miyan

Chhote Miyan is a comedy show that airs on Colors TV.
Contestants.
Those who still are in competition are listed in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="21546723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546723" title="Kurt Hartrampf">
Kurt Hartrampf

Kurt Hartrampf (29 April 1906 — 23 March 1983) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Kurt Hartrampf was born on 29 April 1906 in Haynau in Silesia. He was not a member of the NSDAP but he did volunteer to join the SS-VT (SS service number 327352). he was awarded the Danzig Cross for his contribution to building up the Nazi Party in the free city of Danzig.
World War II.
During World War II, he was posted to the 1st Company, SS Panzerjager Battalion 3, SS "Totenkopf Division and later to the 14th Panzerabwehr (Anti-tank) Company.
He was transferred to command the I Battalion, SS Panzer Regiment 10, 10th SS Panzer Division "Frundsberg" (refers to 16th Century German landsknecht commander Georg von Frundsberg), in 1944 and then was given command of the 102 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion in August 1944. He was still in command of the 102 SS when he was awarded the Knight's Cross in April 1945.
Kurt Hartramf survived the war and died on the 23 March 1983, in West Germany.
Artifacts.
The SS Totenkopf Ring belonging to Hartrampf was recently discovered by Craig Gottlieb, author of "The SS Totenkopf Ring: An Illustrated History from Munich to Nuremberg".

</doc>
<doc id="21546734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546734" title="Im Wagen vor mir">
Im Wagen vor mir

"Im Wagen vor mir" ("In the car in front of me") is a humorous song originally performed as a duet by Henry Valentino and Uschi (whose real names are Hans Blum and Daffi Cramer).
In the song, Valentino is driving on the autobahn, in the middle of a long trip, and day-dreaming about the woman in the car ahead of him—he wonders what she is like and what it would be like to know her. Meanwhile the woman becomes increasingly worried about the man in the car behind her, wondering if he might be a policeman or a stalker. The humor arises from the fact that Valentino's character is in a very good mood, day-dreaming and listening to music, with no thought that he might be doing anything wrong, while the woman finally becomes so angry and upset that she exits the freeway before she wants to in order to get him to stop following her. In the original version, Valentino sings in a gravelly-voiced style similar to that of Tom Waits.
The song was only a minor hit when it was released in 1977, but its popularity has increased in the years since then, and it has been covered or parodied by numerous other artists.
Die Roten Rosen cover.
The song was covered by Die Toten Hosen ("The Dead Pants", a German punk rock group) for the 1987 cover album "Never Mind the Hosen, Here's Die Roten Rosen". It was released as a single from the album, sometimes considered a double a-side single with "Halbstark" ("Half-strong"; originally by Jankees) under the alias Die Roten Rosen. In their version, although the lyrics are identical to the original, the humorous tone is replaced with an aggressive punk tone, making the man come across as a stalker.
The cover of the single is identical to the album cover, so the single may also be titled "Never Mind the Hosen, Here's Die Roten Rosen", which would rather make this a double a-side single, especially since "Halbstark" was later released on the best-of album "Reich & sexy".

</doc>
<doc id="21546748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546748" title="Shunsuke Ito">
Shunsuke Ito


</doc>
<doc id="21546751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546751" title="Dietrich Müller-Doblies">
Dietrich Müller-Doblies

Dietrich Müller-Doblies (born 1938) is a German systematic botanist. His main areas of interest are the Bryophyta, the Spermatophyta, the Monocotyledons, Amaryllidaceae, Colchicaceae and Hyacinthaceae. He is currently at the Herbarium of the Technische Universität Berlin 

</doc>
<doc id="21546754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546754" title="Wynick/Tuck Gallery">
Wynick/Tuck Gallery

Wynick/Tuck Gallery is a privately owned contemporary art gallery based in Toronto, Ontario Canada. The gallery has an active exhibition program for contemporary art in Canada. Wynick Tuck Gallery also provides services including appraisals and resale of work from collections.
History.
In 1968, Lynne Wynick and David Tuck, third year students at the Ontario College of Art, established Aggregation Gallery in downtown Toronto as a commercial gallery representing contemporary Canadian artists. At the time there was very few galleries showing solely contemporary Canadian artists and none in a downtown warehouse location. By starting a framing business they were able to maintain a space at 71 Jarvis Street, where they could support young artists and build their reputations with a fine space, vigorous exhibition program, media advertising and many policies that would expand the artists reputations as well as that of the gallery. Over a fourteen-year period they renovated two progressively larger gallery spaces. In 1972, moving to 82 Front Street East, a former 4500 sq. ft. warehouse previously occupied by Fred's Fruits just west of the St. Lawrence Market, they became the first dealer in Toronto to develop a loft-type space. At the forefront of the move to save historic buildings and areas in Toronto, Tuck supported and worked on a number of committees to stop the destruction of historic buildings, particularly the South St. Lawrence Market building (with the 2nd Toronto City Hall contained inside it). 
By 1982, having established the gallery and many artists and with the St. Lawrence Market area in good condition, they set out to develop a multi-floor loft/warehouse art gallery/arts/cafe building concept. They worked in collaboration with fellow art dealer Olga Korper to develop the concept, and chose the rundown King and Spadina area for its potential of good buildings that were, at the time, being abandoned by the garment industry. In the fall of 1982, Tuck and Wynick opened at 80 Spadina Ave., renaming the gallery the Wynick/Tuck Gallery, with a 6000 sq, ft. space and several configurations/sizes of exhibition and viewing spaces. With the support of the building owner, Albert White, they encouraged other art galleries, art associations, artists and a cafe to move into the building. By the mid-80s the building had evolved into the arts building that they had envisioned. By the end of the 80s the area, as a whole, was being seen by the public and politicians as an arts community, and the buildings, with a few exceptions, were saved and flourish today, housing many arts and media related businesses and associations.
Tuck and Wynick were continuing to establish their artists in, primarily, the Canadian context. During the mid-80's they turned their minds to placing Canadian artists in a more international context, feeling that they could compete on the level of quality of work and thought. They chose to participate in a number of high profile international art fairs, Cologne in 1986 and Chicago six times during the next decade. At the time very few Canadian galleries supported contemporary Canadian artists in these international venues. Consistently they received an overwhelmingly positive response to the quality of Canadian artists. 
From the early 70's Wynick and Tuck have felt that providing a fine space and also a more invigorating context within the gallery is crucial to the continuing health of the artists and community. Along with the space, they have consistently organized thematic exhibitions, primarily in the gallery, that placed the artist in a context that encourages new ways/entries for the public to view the work. By the mid-nineties the curated exhibitions had become more ambitious and the ongoing "Informal Ideas" exhibition program had begun. The gallery with its well-known senior and mid-career artists was still committed to establishing young artists. With this generational mix and with the, then uncommon, move to invite international artists to participate, Wynick curated a number of highly regarded exhibitions. Being able to effectively bring together artists such as Lawrence Weiner, Gerald Ferguson, Greg Curnoe, Mario Merz and many others on a small budget was very exciting and opened up new ways of presenting artists in a commercial gallery setting.
By the late 90's they felt it was important to make another move, to continue their vision to make their gallery and artists more accessible and visible. 401 Richmond building was being developed by the community minded Margie Zeidler in a similar way to the development of the 80 Spadina building. By 2000, combining their earlier history of a storefront/warehouse location and the multi-floor building concept, Wynick and Tuck renovated a new space at 401 that combined the best of their previous spaces, particularly the combination of a larger space with smaller spaces for more intimate viewing and a ground floor location.
During the years, both Wynick and Tuck have served on many boards. Tuck worked for many years (1973–1996) on the board of PADAC (now ADAC), when it was very involved in the development of critical government policies for the visual arts and the artists. He also was a member of the Community Relations Committee at the Art Gallery of Ontario and helped advise the gallery’s transition to a more dynamic institution, more connected with the arts community and the community at large. Wynick served for five years on the Canadian Cultural Property and Review Board, during a time of growth and transition as the Cultural Property Act was becoming more widely known. She worked closely with the arts community to insure any changes and decisions were beneficial to the arts community. Wynick also served on the board of the Power Plant Art Gallery from its inception as the Art Gallery at Harbourfront through the new building transition and its first years in its present location. She was influential in ensuring that the gallery remained connected to the community while developing an international profile.
Throughout the years Tuck and Wynick have participated in may community events and exhibitions. They have provided their space, staff and expertise to the Casey House Art Auction (13 consecutive years) and the University of Toronto’s fundraiser for their new public gallery space in Scarborough.
Gallery artists.
Represented artists include Kim Adams, David Askevold, Greg Curnoe, Gerald Ferguson, Doris McCarthy and Lawrence Weiner.

</doc>
<doc id="21546784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546784" title="Fultang Bilingual High School">
Fultang Bilingual High School

Fultang Bilingual High School is a private bilingual (French and English) secondary school high school in Nkongsamba, Cameroon, founded in 2003 by Blaesius Fultang.
The school.
The school is found in Nkongsamba, located in the central west of Cameroon. It is mainly a boarding school though it has a day-school section for lower classes.The English section runs from Form 1 to Upper Sixth and the French section goes from 6eme to Terminale. In 2009 the school had the best student in the nation at the mid-year high school exams that is GCE O level and in 2010 the school received the title GCE Scgool, meaning one of the best 10 schools in the country that year following its 100% performance at the national exams. 
Founder.
The founder Blaesius Fultang is an international conference speaker. He and his wife Helen Fultang co-founded the school in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21546785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546785" title="Ted Melling">
Ted Melling

Ted Melling was an Australian rules football coach who coached Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
When the incumbent captain-coach, George Holden, injured his knee at the start of the 1919 VFL season, he was restricted to being an off-field coach and after seven games he was replaced by Melling. Under Melling, Fitzroy managed four wins and a draw from their nine games, only narrowly missing out on a place in the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="21546789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546789" title="John Johnstone">
John Johnstone

John Johnstone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21546795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546795" title="Robot Entertainment">
Robot Entertainment

Robot Entertainment is a video game publishing company created by the founders of the defunct Ensemble Studios, after being shut down by Microsoft. Other members of the company founded Bonfire Studios. Robot Entertainment was responsible for maintaining and updating "Halo Wars" until February 28, 2010, when Microsoft Studios assumed control of the game servers and updates. Also, in January 2011, Microsoft Studios took over updates and servers for "Age of Empires III". Robot Entertainment have since released games including "'Orcs Must Die!'", '"Orcs Must Die! 2"', "'Hero Academy'" and "'Echo Prime'".
History.
On 10 July 2010, the company announced that they were working on two games; the first of which was published by Microsoft Studios, and is an RTS game, similar to the "Age of Empires" series.
On 17 August 2010, the company announced the new game, "Age of Empires Online". The game features a new stylized, 'cartoon' look, but Robot promised that it would still offer gameplay depth for fans of the franchise and would not alienate fans of the series. On 24 February 2011, Robot announced that Gas Powered Games would be taking over development on "Age of Empires Online". Robot Entertainment President Patrick Hudson stated that handing over the development was expected, saying, "The plan was always to move to original IP as soon as we had the ability to focus on our core business goal."
On 24 February 2011, the company announced the new game "Orcs Must Die!". The game "challenges players to defend fortresses under siege. With a wide variety of traps and weapons to choose from, "Orcs Must Die!" dares players to find the best ways to hack, launch, flatten, gibletize, and incinerate an endless army of filthy orcs and their vile allies. "Orcs Must Die!" features a vibrant look, addictive gameplay, and a blatant disregard for the welfare of orcs." The game was published by Robot Entertainment as well as being self-developed by them.
On 17 November 2011, the company announced the new game "Hero Academy". The game is "...a head-to-head tactics game for iOS devices. Blending classic tactics gaming with the quick action of modern casual titles." "Hero Academy" features multiplayer combat that "is asynchronous, so a player may battle friends across multiple simultaneous games, whenever they have a few moments of free time. Push notifications alert you to your turn – select your moves from a range of options, like advancing across the playing field, attacking, defending, or adding powerful items to the fray." It is the company's first game developed for mobile devices.
In June 2012, Robot Entertainment partnered with Yodo1 in an effort to release a Chinese version of "Hero Academy".

</doc>
<doc id="21546808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546808" title="1989 Lipton International Players Championships">
1989 Lipton International Players Championships

The 1989 Lipton International Players Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 5th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix and of Tier I of the 1989 WTA Tour. The tournament took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 20 through April 3, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21546809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546809" title="Alle Mädchen wollen küssen">
Alle Mädchen wollen küssen

"Alle Mädchen wollen küssen" ("All girls want to kiss") is a song originally performed by Peter Kraus.
Die Roten Rosen cover.
The song was covered by Die Toten Hosen for the 1987 cover album "Never Mind the Hosen, Here's Die Roten Rosen". It was released as the third single from the album, released under the alias Die Roten Rosen.

</doc>
<doc id="21546836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546836" title="Petregan playa">
Petregan playa

Petregan playa (in Persian: دق پترگان) is a playa (دق "dagh" in Persian) in eastern part of Iran next to the border with Afghanistan.
It is located in the Zirkuh County in South Khorasan Province, 610 m above the sea level and most of its area lies within Iranian territory.
There are footprints of the pre-historical animals found in this playa. Research by Iranian scholars on 40 footprints show that these animals were moving in groups from east to west and the area at that time was muddy marshland.
Sources.
irandeserts.com, accessed Febr. 2009. (in Persian)

</doc>
<doc id="21546838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546838" title="Ayari Aoyama">
Ayari Aoyama

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21546854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546854" title="Jacques Malouin">
Jacques Malouin

Jacques Malouin (February 1, 1826 – November 30, 1901) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Quebec-Centre in the Canadian House of Commons from 1877 to 1882 as an Independent member.
He was born in Quebec City, Lower Canada, the son of François-Xavier Rinfret dit Malouin and Marguerite Falardeau. Malouin was admitted to the bar in 1847. He was married twice: to Marie-Angélique Suzor in 1852 and then to Alvine Morriset. Malouin was first elected to the House of Commons in an 1877 by-election held after Joseph Édouard Cauchon was named Lieutenant-Governor of Manitoba. He was elected again in 1878 but was defeated by Joseph-Guillaume Bossé when he ran for reelection in 1882. Malouin was a member of the council of the Quebec bar and served as bâtonnier in 1869 and 1877. He died in Quebec City at the age of 75.
His son Arthur Cyrille Albert Malouin also represented Quebec-Centre in the House of Commons and later served in the Supreme Court of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21546858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546858" title="St. Augustine Catholic Secondary School">
St. Augustine Catholic Secondary School

St. Augustine Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic high school in Brampton, Ontario and part of the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board. It is located on 27 Drinkwater Road, east of Chinguacousy Road, south of Queen St. (Peel Regional Road 107) and north of Steeles Avenue. Enrollment is 1609 students. (As of October 31, 2009) 
Facilities.
Facilities include:

</doc>
<doc id="21546880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546880" title="Doug Ringrose">
Doug Ringrose

Doug Ringrose (born 4 August 1900, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for and coached Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1920s.
Ringrose, who came from Brighton, was a handy player for Fitzroy in his two seasons, averaging almost a goal a game. He spent much of the 1929 season as playing coach of Fitzroy, with the club managing just two wins.

</doc>
<doc id="21546883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546883" title="Johannes Jansen">
Johannes Jansen

Johannes Jansen may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21546887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546887" title="Šarengrad">
Šarengrad

Šarengrad is a village in Croatia. The village is located in the Syrmia region, on the Fruška Gora slopes, next to the Danube river. Together with the villages of Bapska and Mohovo, it is part of Ilok municipality. Today, the village contains approximately 600 people, the majority of which are Croats. 

</doc>
<doc id="21546906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546906" title="Hitomi Kashima">
Hitomi Kashima


</doc>
<doc id="21546909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546909" title="Spring Juvenile Hurdle">
Spring Juvenile Hurdle

The Spring Juvenile Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt race in Ireland. It is run at Leopardstown Racecourse in February, over a distance of 2 miles. The race is restricted to four year old horses only and is usually contested by horses who go on to run in the Triumph Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21546927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546927" title="Conclusion of the American Civil War">
Conclusion of the American Civil War

This is a timeline of the conclusion of the American Civil War which includes important battles, skirmishes, raids and other events of 1865. These led to additional Confederate surrenders, key Confederate captures, and disbandments of Confederate military units that occurred after Gen. Robert E. Lee’s surrender on April 9, 1865.
The fighting of the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War between Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant’s Army of the Potomac and Lee's Army of Northern Virginia was reported considerably more often in the newspapers than the battles of the Western Theater. Reporting of the Eastern Theater skirmishes largely dominated the newspapers as the Appomattox Campaign developed.
Lee’s army fought a series of battles in the Appomattox Campaign against Grant that ultimately stretched thin his lines of defense. Lee's extended lines were mostly on small sections of thirty miles of strongholds around Richmond and Petersburg, Virginia. His troops ultimately became exhausted defending this line because they were thinned out too much. Grant then took advantage of the situation and launched attacks on this thirty mile and poorly defended front. This ultimately led to the surrender of Lee and the Army of Northern Virginia at Appomattox.
The Army of Northern Virginia surrendered on April 9 around noon followed by General St. John Richardson Liddell's troops some six hours later. Mosby's raiders disbanded on April 21, General Joseph E. Johnston and his various armies surrendered on April 26, the Confederate departments of Alabama, Mississippi and East Louisiana surrendered on May 4, and the Confederate District of the Gulf, commanded by Major General Dabney Herndon Maury, surrendered on May 5. Confederate President Jefferson Davis was captured on May 10 and the Confederate Departments of Florida and South Georgia, commanded by Confederate Major General Samuel Jones, surrendered the same day. Thompson's Brigade surrendered on May 11, Confederate forces of North Georgia surrendered on May 12, and Kirby Smith surrendered on May 26 (officially signed June 2). The last battle of the American Civil War was the Battle of Palmito Ranch in Texas on May 12 and 13. The last significant Confederate active force to surrender was the Confederate allied Cherokee Brigadier General Stand Watie and his Indian soldiers on June 23. The last Confederate surrender occurred on November 6, 1865, when the Confederate warship CSS "Shenandoah" surrendered at Liverpool, England. President Andrew Johnson formally declared the end of the war on August 20, 1866.
Surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia (April 9).
General Robert E. Lee commanded the Army of Northern Virginia, while Major General John Brown Gordon commanded its Second Corps. Early in the morning of April 9, Gordon attacked, aiming to break through Federal lines at the Battle of Appomattox Court House, but failed, and the Confederate Army was then surrounded. At 8:30 A.M. that morning, Lee requested a meeting with Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant to discuss surrendering the Army of Northern Virginia. Shortly after twelve o'clock, Grant's reply reached Lee, and in it Grant said he would accept the surrender of the Confederate Army under certain conditions. Lee then rode into the little hamlet of Appomattox Court House, where the Appomattox county court house stood, and waited for Grant's arrival to surrender his army.
Surrender of General St. John Richardson Liddell's troops (April 9).
The Confederates lost the city of Spanish Fort in Alabama at the Battle of Spanish Fort, which took place between March 27 and April 8, 1865 in Baldwin County. After losing Spanish Fort, the Confederates went on to lose Fort Blakely to Union forces at the Battle of Fort Blakely, between April 2 and 9, 1865. This is considered to be the last major battle of the American Civil War involving large numbers of United States Colored Troops.
The Battle of Fort Blakely happened six hours after Lee's surrender to Grant at Appomattox. In the course of the battle, Brigadier General St. John Richardson Liddell was captured and surrendered his men. Out of 4,000 soldiers originally, Liddell lost 3,400 that were captured in this battle. About 250 were killed and only some 200 men escaped. The successful Union assault can be attributed in large part to African-American forces.
Union Capture of Columbus, Georgia (Easter Sunday, April 16).
Unaware of Lee's surrender on April 9 and the assassination of President Lincoln on April 14, General James H. Wilson's Raiders continued their march through Alabama into Georgia. On April 16, the Battle of Columbus, Georgia was fought. This battle - if erroneously - is widely held to be the "last battle of the Civil War." Columbus fell to Wilson's Raiders about midnight on April 16, and most of its manufacturing capacity was destroyed on the 17th. Confederate Colonel John Stith Pemberton, the inventor of Coca-Cola, was wounded in this battle which resulted in his obsession with pain-killing formulas, ultimately ending in the recipe for his celebrated drink.
Disbanding of Mosby's Raiders (April 21).
Mosby's Rangers, also known as the 43rd Battalion Virginia Cavalry, were a special force of Confederate military troops who opposed the Union control of the Loudoun Valley area. Under the command of General Robert E. Lee, John S. Mosby had formed the battalion on June 10, 1863, at Rector's Cross Roads near Rectortown, Virginia. Mosby practiced psychological and guerrilla warfare techniques to disrupt the Union stronghold. Mosby's men never formally surrendered and were disbanded on April 21, 1865, almost two weeks after Lee had surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia to Grant. On the last day of Mosby's striking force, a letter from him was read aloud to his men:
With no formal surrender, however, Union Major General Winfield S. Hancock offered a reward of $2,000 for Mosby's capture, later raised to $5,000. On June 17, Mosby surrendered to Major General John Gregg in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Surrender of General Joseph E. Johnston and his various armies (April 26).
The second and last major stage in the peace making process concluding the American Civil War was the surrender of General Joseph E. Johnston and his armies to Major General William T. Sherman on April 26, 1865, at Bennett Place. Johnston's Army of Tennessee was among nearly one hundred thousand Confederate soldiers that were surrendered from North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. The conditions of surrender were in a document called "Terms of a Military Convention" signed by Sherman, Johnston, and Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant at Raleigh, North Carolina.
The first major stage in the peace making process was when Lee's surrender occurred at Appomattox on April 9, 1865. This, coupled with Lincoln's assassination induced Johnston to act, believing: "With such odds against us, without the means of procuring ammunition or repairing arms, without money or credit to provide food, it was impossible to continue the war except as robbers." On April 17 Sherman and Johnston met at Bennett Place, and the following day an armistice was arranged, when terms were discussed and agreed upon. Grant had authorized only the surrender of Johnston's forces, but Sherman exceeded his orders by providing very generous terms. These included: that the warring states be immediately recognized after their leaders signed loyalty oaths; that property and personal rights be returned to the Confederates; the reestablishment of the Federal court system; and that a general amnesty would be given. On April 24 the authorities in Washington rejected Sherman's proposed terms, and two days later Johnston agreed to the same terms Lee had received previously on April 9.
General Johnston surrendered the following commands under his direction on April 26, 1865: the Department of Tennessee and Georgia; the Army of Tennessee; the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida; and the Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia. In doing so, Johnston surrendered to Sherman around 30,000 men. On April 27 his adjutant announced the terms to the Army of Tennessee in General Orders #18, and on May 2 he issued his farewell address to the Army of Tennessee as General Orders #22. The remaining parts of the Florida "Brigade of the West" surrendered with the rest of Johnston’s forces on May 4, 1865, at Greensboro, North Carolina.
There is a historical marker at the farm house in Durham, North Carolina, where Johnston surrendered his departments and armies.
Surrender of the Confederate departments of Alabama, Mississippi and East Louisiana regiments (May 4).
The documentation of the surrender of Lieutenant General Richard Taylor's small force in Alabama was another stage in the process of concluding the American Civil War. The son of former U.S. President Zachary Taylor, Richard Taylor commanded the Confederate troops in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi and East Louisiana of about ten thousand troops. On May 4 Taylor's subordinate Col. J.Q. Chenowith surrendered the Department to Union officer Col. John A. Hottenstein.
Mobile, Alabama, had fallen to Union control on April 12, 1865. Reports reached Taylor of the meeting between Johnston and Sherman about the terms of Johnston's surrender of his armies. Taylor agreed to meet with Major General Edward R. S. Canby for a conference north of Mobile, and they settled on a 48 hour's truce on April 30. Taylor agreed to a surrender after this time elapsed, which he did on May 4 at Citronelle, Alabama.
Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest surrendered on May 9 at Gainesville, Alabama. His troops were included with Taylor's. The terms stated that Taylor could retain control of the railway and river steamers to be able to get his men as near as possible to their homes. Taylor stayed in Meridian, Mississippi, until the last man was sent on his way. He was paroled May 13 and then went to Mobile to join Canby. Canby took him to his home in New Orleans by boat.
Surrender of the Confederate District of the Gulf (May 5).
The Confederate District of the Gulf was commanded by Major General Dabney Herndon Maury. On April 12 Maury retreated with his troops after the two major Confederate forts of Spanish Fort and Fort Blakely were lost to the Union forces. He declared Mobile, Alabama, an open city after these battles. Maury went to Meridian, Mississippi, with his remaining men. He wanted to join the remains of the Army of Tennessee in North Carolina. However, hearing of Johnston's surrender to Sherman on April 26 he soon ran out of options. Ultimately Maury surrendered Mobile's about four thousand men to the Union army on May 5 at Citronelle, Alabama. It was the last of the Confederate forces to surrender east of the Mississippi River.
Andrew Johnson's May 10 declaration (May 10).
Despite the fact that there were still small pockets of resistance in the south, the president declared that the armed resistance was "virtually" ended and that nations or ships still harboring fugitives would be denied entry into U.S. ports. Persons found aboard such vessels would no longer be given immunity from prosecution of their crimes.
Capture of President Davis (May 10).
On May 10, Union cavalrymen, under Major General James H. Wilson, captured Confederate President Jefferson Davis after he fled Richmond, Virginia, following its evacuation in the early part of April 1865. On May 5, 1865, in Washington, Georgia, Davis had held the last meeting of his Cabinet. At that time, the Confederate Government was declared dissolved.
The sequence of events that led to Davis' capture began early in May 1865, when the 4th Michigan Cavalry was set up in an encampment of tents at Macon, Georgia. The military unit of several battalions was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin D. Pritchard. On May 7, he was given orders to join many other units searching for the Confederate president. Pritchard's troops scouted through the country along the Ocmulgee River, and by the next day the Michiganders had come to Hawkinsville, Georgia, about fifty miles south of Macon, from where they continued along the river to Abbeville, Georgia. There, Pritchard learned from Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden that his First Wisconsin Cavalry was hot on Davis's trail. After a meeting between the two colonels, Harnden and his men headed off towards Irwinville, some twenty miles south of their position.
Pritchard received word from local residents that on the night before a party, probably including the Confederate President, had crossed the Ocmulgee River just north of Abbeville. Since there were two roads to Irwindale, one of which had been taken by Harnden and his men, Pritchard decided to take the other, to see if he could capture Davis. He took with him about a hundred and forty men and their horses, while the balance of the Michiganders stayed on the Ocmulgee River near Abbeville. Some seven hours later, at 1 A.M. on May 10, Pritchard arrived at Irwindale. There was no evidence of Harnden's men being there yet.
Pritchard learned from local residents that about a mile and a half to the north there was a military camp. Not knowing whether this was Davis and his group or the 1st Wisconsin Cavalry, he approached cautiously. He soon identified the camp as Davis's. At first dawn, Pritchard charged the camp, which was so surprised and overwhelmed that it offered no resistance and yielded immediately.
About ten minutes after the surrender, Pritchard heard rapid gunfire to the north. He left Davis and the captured men in the hands of his 21-year-old adjutant. Once he had approached the gunfire, he realized it was the 4th Michigan and the 1st Wisconsin shooting at each other with Spencer repeating carbines, neither realizing who they were shooting at. Pritchard immediately ordered his men to stop and shouted to the 1st Wisconsin to identify the parties. In the five-minute skirmish, the 1st Wisconsin Cavalry had suffered eight men wounded, while the 4th Michigan Cavalry had lost two men killed and one wounded.
Back at camp, Pritchard's adjutant was almost fooled into letting Davis escape by a ruse. Davis's wife had persuaded the adjutant to let her "old mother" go to fetch some water. The adjutant allowed this, and walked away from their tent. Mrs. Davis and a person dressed as an old woman then left the tent to go for the water. One of the other ranking officers noticed the "old woman" was wearing men's riding boots with spurs. Immediately, they were stopped and the woman's overcoat and black head shawl were removed, to reveal Davis himself. The plan of escape thus failed. The Confederate president was subsequently held prisoner for two years in Fort Monroe, Virginia.
Surrender of the Confederate Department of Florida and South Georgia (May 10).
In 1864, Major General Samuel Jones commanded the Departments of Florida, South Carolina, and South Georgia, with his headquarters in Pensacola, Florida. His primary orders were to guard the coastal areas of these states and to destroy Union gunboats. He also destroyed all the machinery and sawmills that would be beneficial to the Union armies.
In the early part of 1865, Jones was transferred to Tallahassee, soon after Savannah had fallen to Sherman and the Union forces in December 1864. There, Jones headquartered the District of Florida. On May 10, at Tallahassee, he surrendered about eight thousand troops to Brigadier General Edward M. McCook. In military action east of the Mississippi River, the city of Tallahassee was the only Confederate state capital not captured during the Civil War.
Surrender of the Northern Sub-District of Arkansas (May 11).
Confederate Brigadier General "Jeff" Meriwether Thompson commanded Thompson's Brigade. Wittsburg, Arkansas (the county seat of Cross County from 1868 through 1886), would witness one of the final acts in the American Civil War. This happened after the collapse of Confederate forces east of the Mississippi. Major General Grenville M. Dodge sent Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Davis of the 51st Illinois Infantry on April 30, 1865, to Arkansas to seek the surrender of Thompson, commander of Confederate troops in the northeast portion of Arkansas. Davis, arriving at Chalk Bluff (now non-extant) in Clay County, Arkansas, on the St. Francis River, sent communications to Thompson asking that they have a conference. These two officers met on May 9 to negotiate a surrender.
Thompson requested from Davis two days to work out the details of the surrender with his officers. The Confederates under the command of Thompson agreed to surrender all the troops in the area on May 11. They picked Wittsburg and Jacksonport, Arkansas, as the sites where Thompson's five thousand military troops would gather to receive their paroles. Ultimately Thompson surrendered about seventy-five hundred men all total that were under his command consisting of 1,964 enlisted men with 193 officers paroled at Wittsburg on May 1865 and 4,854 enlisted men with 443 officers paroled at Jacksonport on June 6, 1865.
Surrender of Confederate forces of North Georgia (May 12).
The surrender of between 3000 and 4000 soldiers under Brigadier General William T. Wofford's command took place at Kingston, Georgia, and was received by Brig. Gen. Henry M. Judah on May 12, 1865. There were several letters between the various generals involved in the negotiation of this surrender, including Wofford, Judah, William D. Whipple and Robert S. Granger.
Colonel Louis Merrill kept the Headquarters Department of the Cumberland in Nashville, Tennessee informed and according to a letter he wrote on May 4, 1865, there were about 10,000 soldiers under Wofford's command, "on paper." These consisted of all the Confederate troops in northwestern Georgia, however only about a third could actually be collected as the rest were deserters. From this group there were a number of soldiers that resisted General Wofford's efforts to make them follow his commands.
There is a Georgia historical marker in Kingston, Georgia, in Bartow County at the intersection of West Main Street and Church Street to denote where this surrender took place. It further explains that the Confederate soldiers were given rations after their release.
Disbandment after the Battle at Palmito Ranch (May 13).
The last land battle of the Civil War took place near Brownsville, Texas, and it was won by the Confederates. The Confederates held the city of Brownsville in the early part of 1865. In January or February Major General Lew Wallace was sent by the Union government to Texas. On March 11 Wallace had a meeting with the two major Confederate commanders of the region, Brigadier General James Slaughter and Colonel John "Rip" Ford, under the premise that the official purpose was the "rendition of criminals." The real reason was to agree that any fighting in the region would be pointless and negotiate an unofficial indefinite cease fire. Slaughter and Ford, at this point in time, occupied Fort Brown near Brownsville.
In May Colonel Theodore H. Barrett was in temporary command of Union troops at Brazos Santiago Island. He had little military field experience and desired, it is surmised, "to establish for himself some notoriety before the war closed." Barrett knew that an attack on Fort Brown was in violation of orders from headquarters, since the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia already surrendered by Lee at Appomattox on April 9 and many other Confederate forces had surrendered or disbanded by then. In spite of these known facts Barrett decided anyway to go ahead with his plans.
On May 12, Barrett instructed Colonel David Branson of the 34th Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry to attack the Confederate encampment at Brazos Santiago Depot near Fort Brown. Barrett commanded the 62nd United States Colored Infantry and the 2nd Texas Cavalry, and advanced towards Fort Brown with the intention of reoccupying Brownsville with Union forces thinking they would not encounter any problems, assuming all the Confederates surely had heard of Lee's surrender by this time. To their surprise they encountered Confederates that did not know of Lee's surrender.
A ferocious battle erupted at Palmito Ranch, about 12 miles outside Brownsville. The battle was lost by Barrett's Union regiments mainly because they were outmaneuvered and overrun. Of the original 300 Union troops that fought at Palmito Ranch, they lost over one third, mostly to capture with a few killed or seriously injured.
Surrender of Kirby Smith (May 26).
General Kirby Smith tried to send reinforcements from his Army of the Trans-Mississippi east of the Mississippi River to relieve Vicksburg, Mississippi, in the spring of 1864 following the Battle of Mansfield and the Battle of Pleasant Hill. This was not practicable due to the Union naval control of the Mississippi River. Smith instead dispatched Major General Sterling Price and his cavalry on an invasion of Missouri that was ultimately not successful. Thereafter the war west of the Mississippi River was principally one of small raids. By May 26 a representative of Smith's negotiated and signed surrender documents with a representative of Major General Edward Canby. Canby in Shreveport, Louisiana, then took custody of Smith's force of 43,000 soldiers when they surrendered, by then the only significant Confederate forces left west of the Mississippi River. With this ended all organized Southern military resistance to the Union forces. Smith signed the surrender papers on June 2 on board the U.S.S. "Fort Jackson" just outside Galveston Harbor.
Surrender of Cherokee chief Stand Watie (June 23).
Cherokee Brigadier General Stand Watie commanded the Confederate Indians when he surrendered on June 23. This was the last significant Confederate active force.
Watie formed the Cherokee Mounted Rifles. He was a guerrilla fighter commanding Cherokee, Seminole, Creek, and Osage Indian soldiers. They earned a notorious reputation for their bold and brave fighting. Yearly, Federal troops all over the western United States hunted for Watie, but they never captured him. He surrendered June 23 at Fort Towson in the Choctaw Nations area at the village of Doaksville (now a ghost town) of the Indian Territory, being the last Confederate general to surrender in the American Civil War.
Surrender of "CSS Shenandoah" (November 6).
The CSS "Shenandoah" was commissioned as a commerce raider by the Confederacy to interfere with Union shipping and hinder their efforts in the American Civil War. A Scottish-built merchant ship originally called the "Sea King", it was secretly purchased by Confederate agents in September 1864. Captain James Waddell renamed the ship "Shenandoah" after she was converted to a warship off the coast of Spain on October 19, shortly after leaving England. William Conway Whittle, Waddell's right hand man, was the ship's executive officer.
The "Shenandoah", sailing south then east across the Indian Ocean and into the South Pacific, was in Micronesia at the Island of Ponape (called Ascension Island by Whittle) at the time of the surrender of Lee's Army of Northern Virginia to the Union forces on April 9, 1865. Waddell had already captured and disposed of thirteen Union merchantmen.
The "Shenandoah" destroyed one more prize in the Sea of Okhotsk, north of Japan, then continued to the Aleutians and into the Bering Sea and Arctic Ocean, crossing the Arctic Circle on June 19. Continuing then south along the coast of Alaska the "Shenandoah" came upon a fleet of Union ships whaling on June 22. She opened continuous fire, destroying a major portion of the Union whaling fleet. Capt. Waddell took aim at a fleeing whaler, "Sophia Thornton", and at his signal, the gunner jerked a wrist strap and fired the last two shots of the American Civil War. "Shenandoah" had so far captured and burned eleven ships of the American whaling fleet while in Arctic waters.
Waddell finally learned of Lee's surrender on June 27 when the captain of the prize "Susan & Abigail" produced a newspaper from San Francisco. The same paper contained Confederate President Jefferson Davis's proclamation that the "war would be carried on with re-newed vigor". "Shenandoah" proceeded to capture a further ten whalers in the following seven hours. Wadell then steered "Shenandoah" south, intending to raid the port of San Francisco which he believed to be poorly defended. En route they encountered an English barque, "Barracouta", on August 2 from which Wadell learned of the final collapse of the Confederacy including the surrenders of Johnston's, Kirby Smith's, and Magruder's armies and the capture of President Davis. The long log entry of the "Shenandoah" for August 2, 1865, begins "The darkest day of my life." Captain Waddell realized then in his grief that they had taken innocent unarmed Union whaling ships as prizes when the rest of the country had ended hostilities.
Waddell immediately converted the warship back to a merchant ship, storing her cannon below and repainting the hull. At this point all Waddell wanted to do was surrender the "Shenandoah" and the proper place to do this, in his mind, was at a European port. Surrendering in an American port carried the certainty of facing a court with a Union point of view and the very real risk of a trial for piracy, for which he and the crew could be hanged. Sailing south around Cape Horn and staying well off shore to avoid shipping that might report "Shenandoah's" position, they saw no land for another 9,000 miles until they arrived back in England, having logged a total of over 58,000 miles around the world in a year's travel—the only Confederate ship to circumnavigate the globe.
The last Confederate surrender did not occur until November 6, 1865, when the notorious ship under Capt. Waddell's command surrendered at Liverpool to Capt. R. N. Paynter, commander of of the British Royal Navy. The "Shenandoah" was surrendered by letter to the British Prime Minister, the Earl Russell. Ultimately, after an investigation by the British Admiralty court, Waddell and his crew were exonerated of doing anything that violated the laws of war and were unconditionally released. "Shenandoah" herself was sold to Sultan Majid bin Said of Zanzibar in 1866 and renamed "El Majidi".
Presidential proclamation ending the war.
On August 20, 1866, President Andrew Johnson signed a "Proclamation—Declaring that Peace, Order, Tranquillity, and Civil Authority Now Exists in and Throughout the Whole of the United States of America". It cited the end of the insurrection in Texas, and declared

</doc>
<doc id="21546931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546931" title="Giacinto De Cassan">
Giacinto De Cassan

Giacinto De Cassan was an Italian cross-country skier.
De Cassan was a financier and fought during World War II in the German military.
He participated in the demonstration event, military patrol (precursor to biathlon), in the 1948 Winter Olympics, when he had the military rank Caporalmaggiore. In 1948 he placed first, 1950 second and in 1951 he finished first again at the Italian masterships of cross-country skiing in the 50 km (and long distances) category.
Further notable results were:

</doc>
<doc id="21546935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546935" title="Eagle Mountain (horse)">
Eagle Mountain (horse)

Eagle Mountain (born February 25, 2004) is a racehorse owned by Sheikh Mohammed Bin Khalifa Al Maktoum. He was sired by seven-time group one winner Rock of Gibraltar (horse) with the mare Masskana. Formerly Eagle Mountain was trained by Mike de Kock but is now trained by Steven McKee in New Zealand. He was brought out of retirement to be trained by McKee following fertility issues while trying to breed in New Zealand. He has also since been gelded.
Racing history.
Aged two, he won the Beresford Stakes Group 2, finished second in the Futurity Stakes in Ireland and finished second in the Champagne Stakes. 
Aged three he won the Royal Whip Stakes Group 2, finished second in the 2007 Epsom Derby and finished second both the Champion Stakes and York Stakes Group 2. Aged four he was sold and Mike De Kock trained him for South Africa. He went on to win the Group 3Joel Stakes in Newmarket taking the record for the fastest finish on the Rowley Mile course. He was set to run in the Breeders' Cup Turf. Afterwards, he went in the Hong Kong Cup, and won it by 1 lengths. In his earlier racing career he earned $3,521,721 in winnings. Since returning from retirement he has been unsuccessful in all attempts at racing in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="21546940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546940" title="Waste heat recovery unit">
Waste heat recovery unit

A waste heat recovery unit (WHRU) is an energy recovery heat exchanger that recovers heat from hot streams with potential high energy content, such as hot flue gases from a diesel generator or steam from cooling towers or even waste water from different cooling processes such as in steel cooling.
Principle.
Heat recovery units.
Waste heat found in the exhaust gas of various processes or even from the exhaust stream of a conditioning unit can be used to preheat the incoming gas. This is one of the basic methods for recovery of waste heat. Many steel making plants use this process as an economic method to increase the production of the plant with lower fuel demand.
There are many different commercial recovery units for the transferring of energy from hot medium space to lower one:
Heat to power units.
According to a report done by Energetics Incorporated for the DOE in November 2004 titled "Technology Roadmap" and several others done by the European commission, the majority of energy production from conventional and renewable resources are lost to the atmosphere due to onsite (equipment inefficiency and losses due to waste heat) and offsite (cable and transformers losses) losses, that sums to be around 66% loss in electricity value. 
Waste heat of different degrees could be found in final products of a certain process or as a by-product in industry such as the slag in steelmaking plants. Units or devices that could recover the waste heat and transform it into electricity are called WHRUs or heat to power units. Such units, for example, uses an Organic Rankine cycle with an organic fluid as the working fluid. The fluid has a lower boiling point than water to allow it to boil at low temperature, to form a superheated gas that could drive the blade of a turbine and thus a generator. Another unit like the Thermoelectric could be named a WHRU since they transform the change of heat between two plates directly into a small DC Power (Seebeck, Peltier, Thomson effects) which could be amplified to produce a usable electric power.
A WHRB is different from a Heat Recovery Steam Generator (HRSG) in the sense that the heated medium does not change phase.
Advantages and disadvantages of waste heat recovery.
Advantages:
These systems have many benefits which could be direct or indirect.
Disadvantages:
Example.
During the past years, companies have developed many products for the recovery of the waste heat. A new concept is being introduced by Cyclone Power Technologies that uses an external combustion engine design for the waste heat recovery application.
References.
Waste Heat Recovery Unit based on Organic Rankine Cycle. ENERBASQUE (http://www.enerbasque.com)

</doc>
<doc id="21546980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546980" title="Inocybe lacera">
Inocybe lacera

Inocybe lacera (commonly known as the Torn Fibrecap) is a poisonous species of mushroom in the genus "Inocybe". Its appearance is that of a typical "little brown mushroom"; small, brown and indistinct. However, it is distinguishable by its microscopic features, particularly its long, smooth spores. As with many other species of "Inocybe", "I. lacera" contains the poisonous chemical muscarine which, if consumed, can lead to salivation, lacrimation, urination, defecation, gastrointestinal problems and emesis. Found in Europe and North America, it typically grows in autumn in mixed woods, favouring sandy soil. There are several documented subspecies in addition to the main "I. lacera" var "lacera", including the dwarf form "I. lacera" var. "subsquarrosa" and "I. lacera" var. "heterosperma", found in North America.
Taxonomy.
"Inocybe lacera" was first described by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries, but was placed into the genus "Inocybe" by Paul Kummer in his 1871 work, "Der Führer in die Pilzkunde". As several forms of the species are recognised, the main variety is sometimes known as "Inocybe lacera" var. "lacera". It is commonly known as the Torn Fibrecap, while in German it is known as "Gemeiner Wirrkopf" and in French as "Inocybe déchiré".
Description.
In appearance, "I. lacera" is a typical "little brown mushroom", but specific features are very variable. It typically features a convex cap measuring across, with a small umbo. The margin of the cap curves inwards, and often splits. In colour, it is snuff-brown, and in consistency, it is fibrillose and scaley. The stipe, or stem, is tall, and thick, brown at the slightly bulbous base, but lighter towards the apex, and, again, fibrillose. The stem lacks a ring. The flesh is white. The adnexed gills are white in younger specimens, soon changing to a clay-buff with white edges.
Microscopic features.
"Inocybe lacera" has thick-walled, fusiform cystidia, which have apical encrustations. It has a brown spore print, while the subcylindrical spores are smooth, typically measuring 11 to 15 by 4.5 to 6 µm in size. "I. lacera" is one of a small group of related species with particularly long, cylindrical spores, the others of which can typically be found on sand dunes. The spore shape is more typical of species from the order Boletales. These features make the "I. lacera" easily recognisable microscopically. The "dwarf form", "I. lacera" var. "subsquarrosa", has small spores and thin-walled cystidia, while a North American variant, "I. lacera" var. "heterosperma" has spores varying from 5.5 to 15.5 µm in length. The species has 4-spored basidia.
Similar species.
"Inocybe hystrix" is similar in appearance, but noticeably more scaly. It is also far less common.
Edibility.
"Inocybe lacera" has mild-tasting flesh and a mild, mealy smell. The North American variety "I. lacera" var. "heterosperma" has a spermatic smell. However, species of "Inocybe" should always be avoided when choosing mushrooms for consumption, as many of the members of the genus are dangerously toxic. "I. lacera" is known to be poisonous, containing quantities of the toxic compound muscarine. Consumption of the mushroom typically leads to salivation, lacrimation, urination, defecation, gastrointestinal problems and emesis (vomiting), which has given rise to the acronym SLUDGE. Other potential effects include a drop in blood pressure, sweating and death due respiratory failure.
Distribution and habitat.
"Inocybe lacera" can be found throughout autumn on sandy soil, especially with pine, though it is typically found in mixed woods. It grows mycorrhizally with both conifers and hardwoods, and the fruiting bodies can be found alone, in scattered groups, or growing gregariously. It is most commonly found on the edge of pathways through woodland, and another common habitat is on old, moss-covered fire sites. Other habitats include heathland and coastal dunes. It can be found in Europe and North America. In some areas of Montana, it can be found growing in the spring, under "Populus tremuloides".

</doc>
<doc id="21546989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546989" title="List of fulmarine petrels">
List of fulmarine petrels

This is a list of the Fulmarine petrels, one of four types of Procellariidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21546993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546993" title="Journal of the Oxford University History Society">
Journal of the Oxford University History Society

The Journal of the Oxford University History Society (JOUHS) is the on line peer-reviewed journal associated with the Oxford University History society (OUHS). It has published articles by postgraduate students and young scholars from Oxford University, Yale University, Brown University, the Sorbonne and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="21546999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21546999" title="Greatest Hits (Glen Campbell album)">
Greatest Hits (Glen Campbell album)

Greatest Hits contains remixes of Glen Campbell's biggest hits. The songs are remixed using purely the original recordings, bringing out other nuances in the arrangements. The last two tracks on this compilation, "Times Like These" and "These Days", were pulled off Campbell's recent studio album "Meet Glen Campbell".

</doc>
<doc id="21547001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547001" title="Christmas Hurdle (Ireland)">
Christmas Hurdle (Ireland)

The Christmas Hurdle is Grade 1 National Hunt race in Ireland. It is run at Leopardstown Racecourse in December, over a distance of 3 miles.
The race is one of the feature races of the Christmas Festival at the course. Prior to 2013 it carried Grade 2 status.

</doc>
<doc id="21547007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547007" title="Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes">
Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes

Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes is a national historic district consisting of a combined department store and shoe store building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It consists of the two-story plus basement, Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere department store (constructed 1946-1948) and the attached Hess Shoes (1948) store. The structures comprise the modern-style core of a commercial development at York Road and Belvedere Avenue. The department store features a rounded corner with a glazed curtain wall facing the prominent intersection.
Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21547018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547018" title="Jóhanna Guðrún Jónsdóttir">
Jóhanna Guðrún Jónsdóttir

Jóhanna Guðrún Jónsdóttir (born 16 October 1990), known outside of Iceland as Yohanna, is an Icelandic singer who was chosen to represent her nation at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia, with the song "Is It True?", earning second place.
Background and career.
Yohanna was raised in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland, and started performing on stage at the age of nine after participating in singing classes. Her first album, titled "Jóhanna Guðrún 9" was released in 2000 and contained mostly international pop hits that had been translated into the Icelandic language. "Torn", "Genie in a Bottle", and "I'll Be There" are among the songs that Yohanna covered. She released one more album in addition to a Christmas album before stepping out of the spotlight. She also worked in musicals. 
2008-10: "Butterflies and Elvis" and Eurovision Song Contest.
Yohanna's album "Butterflies and Elvis" marked her return to the spotlight in 2008. The album was released in Iceland and Sweden with her first single to be "I Miss You". Since Eurovision, Yohanna has performed in countries such as Norway, Sweden, Finland and Turkey. On 12 May 2009, Yohanna qualified for the Eurovision final after winning first place in the first semi-final. For the final in Moscow, she was joined on stage by backing-vocalists Friðrik Ómar, Erna Hrönn Ólafsdóttir, and Hera Björk. She came in second place behind Norway, with 218 points. Her debut song, "Is It True?" went on to become a top download on iTunes and a hit in several countries. Yohanna also was Iceland's spokesperson at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 revealing the results of the Icelandic voting.
2011: Söngvakeppni Sjónvarpsins.
She participated in the Icelandic national round for Eurovision 2011 finishing the national round in third place with the song “Nótt”. In 2012, Yohanna moved to Kongsvinger in Norway to be afforded easier access to the European continent. In January 2012, she made a video for her song "Indian Rope Trick".
2013: Söngvakeppnin.
Yohanna was one of the entrants at the "Söngvakeppnin 2013" (the Icelandic national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest). She took part in the first semi-final with the song "Þú" ("You" in English), written by Davíð Sigurgeirsson without making it to the final.In the first semi-final she was voted out of the competition and thus did not represent Iceland In Eurovision 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21547025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547025" title="Uri Nakayama">
Uri Nakayama

Musical characteristics.
Nakayama plays an accordion and trumpet, in addition to vocals. She sings while playing the accordion while sitting and sometimes plays the trumpet which she puts at her side. Her music is acoustic; she usually plays the music with 4 support members, guitar, bass, drum and percussion. As additional support members, trumpet, saxophone, trombone, tuba, violin etc. come in the band by the live tour and rock festival.
Nakayama's music is introduced as blended world accordion music, Gypsy Jazz, Musette, Tango etc. and her voice is advertised as "miracle voice" by record label. She sings by low, warm, smooth and soft voice.
Her CDs are sold as J-pop at CD shop. But her music was categorized as jazz by iTunes in Japan.
Most of Nakayama's songs are with Japanese lyrics; a few songs are instrumental or with scat singing. She frequently evokes nostalgic scenes, festival, harbor town, sunset etc. as a lyrical motif. Because she sings some Japanese folk music cover versions, her music is thought of as being affected by that music.

</doc>
